Managing Director & CEO

Shri Arun Kumar Singh

Nominee Director (BPCL)

Shri Pramod Narang

Director (Technical)

Shri Vinod Kumar Mishra

Director (Finance) & CFO

Shri Rajan Kapur

CGM & Vice President - Company Secretary

Company Secretary

Shri Tarun Kapoor

Chairman (Non-Executive)

Dr. Siddhartha Shekhar Singh

Independent Director

Shri Sidhartha Pradhan

Independent Director

Shri Sunil Kumar Srivastava

Independent Director

Shri Arun Kumar

Independent Director

Amb. Bhaswati Mukherjee

Independent Director:

Managing Director & CEO

Shri Pramod Narang

Director (Technical)

Shri V. K. Mishra

Director (Finance) & CFO

Shri Manoj Jain

Director (Nominee – GAIL)

Shri S. M. Vaidya

Director (Nominee – IOCL)

Shri Arun Kumar Singh

Director (Nominee – BPCL)

Shri Subhash Kumar

Director (Nominee – ONGC)

Shri Sanjeev Kumar

Director (Nominee – GMB/GoG)

Shri Sidhartha Pradhan

Independent Director

Shri Sunil Kumar Srivastava

Independent Director

Dr. Siddhartha Shekhar Singh Independent Director

Shri Arun Kumar

Independent Director

Amb. Bhaswati Mukherjee

Independent Director

Company Secretary

Shri Rajan Kapur

Bankers and Financial Institutions

1. Axis Bank

2. Bank of Baroda

3. Canara Bank

4. Citi Bank N.A.

5. Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (CACIB)

6. HDFC Bank Ltd.

7. ICICI Bank Ltd.

8. Indusind Bank Ltd.

9. Indian Bank

10. International Finance Corporation (IFC)

11. Kotak Mahindra Bank

12. Qatar National Bank (QNB)

13. Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (SMBC)

14. State Bank of India

15. The Bank of Nova Scotia

16. The Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corporation Ltd. (HSBC)

Statutory Auditor

M/s T. R. Chadha & Co.

B-30, Connaught Place, Kuthalia Building, New Delhi-

110001 Tel: 011 – 43259900/41513059/41513169

Fax: 011 - 43259930

email: delhi@trchadha.com

Cost Auditor

M/s Chandra Wadhwa & Co.

1305 & 1306, Vijaya Building,

17, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi 110001

Tel: 011-23738187,40254232

email: wadhwafin@gmail.com,

sankalp.wadhwa@cwcindia.in

Secretarial Auditor

M/s A. N. Kukreja & Co.

Practising Company Secretaries,

E-147 A/1, Naraina Vihar, New Delhi – 110028

Tel: 011 – 64705555

Fax: 011 - 25892575

email: an_kukreja@rediffmail.com

Registrar & Share Transfer Agent (RTA)

Bigshare Services Private Limited

1st Floor, Bharat Tin Works Building,

Opp.Vasant Oasis, Makwana Road,

Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400059

Tel: 022-62638200, 011-42425004,

011-47565852 | Fax: 022-62638280

Email: investor@bigshareonline.com

Website: www.bigshareonline.com

World Trade Centre,

Babar Road, Barakhamba Lane,

New Delhi - 110001

Tel. : 011-23411411, 011-23472525

Fax : 011-23472550

Website: www.petronetlng.in

Registered Office

GIDC Industrial Estate,

Plot No.7/A, Dahej,

Taluka: Vagra, Distt.: Bharuch,

Gujarat - 392130

Tel. : 02641- 300300/301/305

Fax : 02641- 300306/300310

Dahej LNG Terminal

Survey No. 347,

Puthuvypu (Puthuypeen SEZ)

P.O. 682508, Kochi,

Kerala

Tel. : 0484-2502259/60,

Fax : 0484-2502264

Kochi LNG Terminal

PETR.ONET

L ... <;;;

LIMITED

-------------------------:

Managing Director of Himachal Pradesh Power Corporation Ltd. and Himachal Pradesh

Transmission Ltd. He has also worked as Joint Secretary in the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy,

Government of India looking after National Solar Mission for over five years.

He also participated in the International Conferences and Seminars mainly in the area of Renewable Energy.

Shri Tarun Kapoor

Chairman (Non-Executive)

Shri Akshay Kumar Singh, (DIN: 03579974) (aged 60 years) is a veteran of the Oil and Gas industry in India. His

career spanning 35 years has wide-ranging experiences across design, engineering, planning, execution and

O&M of complex pipeline systems and process plants. He has an unblemished track record of delivering

challenging, complex and large size transnational as well as cross-country pipeline projects of national

importance.

Prior to joining Petronet LNG Limited, he was Director - Pipelines in IndianOil Corporation Limited. Under his

leadership, India’s first transnational multiproduct hydrocarbon pipeline from India to Nepal (Motihari to

Amlekhganj) was completed 8 months before schedule and was appreciated by Hon’ble Prime Ministers of

both countries. He also set up the infrastructure (for IOCL) to execute City Gas Distribution projects in 17

Geographical Areas, at an estimated capex of INR 13,873 Crores.

Before joining IndianOil, Mr. Singh served as Executive Director in GAIL India Limited. In a career journey of over

30 years, he worked across project development, project execution, corporate HSE, R&D and Risk

Management.

He ensured the completion of the 1000 kms Dhabol – Bengaluru (DBPL) and 700 kms Dahej – Uran / Dhabol

– Panvel (DUPL/DPPL) Natural Gas Pipelines in record time of 15 and 11 months, respectively, which was

appreciated by the State and Central Governments. He also led a team that derived the formulation of a

unified pool tariff model for transportation of Natural Gas across the country, for submission to PNGRB. From

1996 – 2002, he was instrumental in developing Mumbai’s City Gas Distribution infrastructure, while working

for Mahanagar Gas Limited. In 2015, he was tasked to lead a team that identified opportunities to maximise

GAIL’s annual profitability, and that continues to deliver substantial impact.

Mr. Singh has also played a pivotal role in the formation, execution and roll-out of key joint-ventures to

develop hydrocarbon pipeline networks of national importance; (i) Indradhanush Gas Grid Limited (IGGL),

having equity participation of 20% each by IOCL, GAIL, ONGC, NRL and Oil India Ltd, for execution of 9250

kms long natural gas pipeline connecting all state capitals of 8 North East states, having capex of INR 9265

Crores; (ii) IHB Limited, a consortium of IOCL (50%), BPCL (25%) and HPCL (25%) for execution of one of

world’s longest LPG pipeline (2800 kms) namely Kandla-Gorakhpur (KGPL) having capex of INR 10,888

Crores. He also served as Chairman of IHB Limited and as Director at Talcher Fertilizers Limited as well as

Andhra Pradesh Gas Distribution Corporation Ltd.

Mr. Singh is a Mechanical Engineer from MIT, Muzaffarpur and Post Graduate in Turbo Machinery from

South Gujarat University.

Shri Akshay Kumar Singh: Managing

Managing Director of GAIL

(India) Limited, Shri Manoj Jain is also currently Chairman of GAIL GLOBAL (USA) Inc. (GGUI),

GAIL GLOBAL (USA) LNG LLC (GGULL), GAIL Gas Limited (GGL), Brahmaputra Cracker &

Polymer Limited (BCPL) Mahanagar Gas Limited (MGL) and Director in Petronet LNG Limited

(PLL). In his previous stint as Director(BD), he was responsible for building GAIL's Business

Portfolio in India and abroad, Merger and Acquisition, Petrochemical O&M and Expansion,

Exploration & Production, R&D, Start–Up, Health Safety & Environment management, Quality

Management, Project Development including feasibility study and investment approval for new

pipelines, process plants, renewables etc.

Shri Manoj Jain was responsible for Gas Marketing activities in his role as Executive Director (Marketing-

Gas). He also spearheaded the installation and commissioning of the USD 1.4 Billion grassroots

Petrochemical complex, as Chief Operating Officer of BCPL.

Earlier, Shri Jain worked in Operation & Maintenance at the Corporate Level for a number of years and his

experience includes managing logistics of Gas Business with a perspective of Operation and Management of

all pipelines of company and in the process played a significant role in establishing the National

Gas Management Centre (NGMC) and systems and procedures for transmission and marketing of

comingled gases.

Shri Manoj Jain

Nominee Director (GAIL)

PETR.ONET

L ... <;;;

LIMITED

-------------------------:

Managing Director (CMD) of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited

(ONGC) with effect from 1st April 2021.

Mr. Subhash Kumar is also the Chairman of ONGC Group of Companies comprising of subsidiaries-ONGC

Videsh Limited, Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited (MRPL), ONGC Mangalore Petrochemicals

Ltd (OMPL) and Joint Ventures- ONGC Petro-additions Limited (OPaL), ONGC Tripura Power Company

(OTPC), Mangalore SEZ Ltd (MSEZ) and Petronet MHB Ltd(PMHBL). He is also ONGC nominee Director on

the Board of Petronet LNG Limited. Mr. Kumar is an industry veteran with over 36 years of professional

experience in diverse activities across the Exploration & Production (E&P) value-chain. He joined ONGC in 1985

as a Finance and Accounts Officer. Mr. Kumar grew up along the hierarchy and served in different capacities in

ONGC and the Group Companies. During his tenure with ONGC Videsh, Mr. Kumar was associated with key

acquisitions and expansion of company's footprint from a single asset company in 2001 into a company with

global presence. He played a key role in the evaluation and acquisition of several overseas assets.

He has served as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Mansarovar Energy Colombia Limited, a 50:50 joint

venture of ONGC Videsh and Sinopec of China from September 2006 to March 2010. Thereafter, he had a long

stint at ONGC’s overseas arm ONGC Videsh from 2010 to 2015 where he successfully steered company’s

Business Development, Finance, Budget & Treasury Planning and Portfolio Management Groups. Mr. Kumar

joined back ONGC in July 2016 as the Chief Commercial and Head Treasury, and he played a key role in

evaluation, negotiation, and concluding outstanding issues pertaining to the organization. During 2017, Mr

Subhash Kumar also served a brief stint with Petronet LNG Limited as its Director (Finance).

Mr. Subhash Kumar was appointed as Director (Finance) of ONGC in January 2018. Mr. Kumar has also served

as Director on the Board of ONGC Group Companies viz. MRPL, HPCL, Petronet MHB Limited, OTPC and

OPaL. Mr. Subhash Kumar has championed the issues relating to various JVs and group entities at Board level.

He has successfully led transformation of JVs and group companies into a cohesive group, implemented entity-

specific action plan, resulting in significant increase in their efficiency and contributions to the ONGC Group.

Mr. Kumar is also President of Global Compact Network India (GCNI), the Indian Local Network of the United

Nations Global Compact (UNGC) which has been providing a robust platform for Indian businesses,

academic institutions and civil society organizations to embrace the Ten Principles of Global Compact

Network, United Nations.

Mr. Subhash Kumar is a Fellow Member of Institute of Cost Accountants of India and Associate Member of

ICSI. He is an alumni of Panjab University Chandigarh, from where he obtained his Bachelor’s and Master’s

degrees in Commerce with Gold Medal. An avid sportsperson and fitness enthusiast, Mr. Kumar has keen

interest in Golf and Badminton.

Shri Subhash Kumar

Nominee Director (ONGC)

Shri Sanjeev Kumar

Nominee Director (GMB/GoG)

Shri Sanjeev Kumar, (DIN: 03600655) (aged 50 years) has done B. Tech (Hons.) from I.I.T. Kharagpur and

Masters in Public Affairs from Humphrey School of Public Affairs, University of Minnesota, USA. He has very

rich knowledge and wide experience of working in various Government Departments and Public Sector

Undertaking. He has held distinguished positions in Government of Gujarat including Collector Kheda &

Gandhinagar. He has vast experience in Finance Department wherein he has served as Addl. Secretary

(Budget), Secretary (Expenditure) and Secretary (Economic Affairs). He was: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the Company

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of the Article 109 of the Articles of Association of the Company and the

provisions of Section 149, 152, 196 and 197, 198, 203 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act,

2013 (the Act) read with Schedule V of the Act and the Rules made there under (including any statutory modification(s) or

re- enactment thereof for the time being in force), Shri Akshay Kumar Singh (DIN:03579974), who was appointed as

Additional Director in the capacity of: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the

Company to hold office for a period of five years or attaining the age of 65 years, whichever is earlier, with effect from

st

1 February 2021, on the terms and conditions including remuneration as set out in statement pursuant to Section 102 of

the Act annexed to the Notice of this Annual General Meeting with liberty to the Board of Directors to alter and vary the

terms and conditions of appointment and/or remuneration, subject to the same not exceeding the limits specified under

Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof.”

7. To appoint Shri Subhash Kumar (DIN: 07905656) as Director of the Company

“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Section 149, 152 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the

Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules made there under (including any statutory modification(s) or re- enactment

thereof for the time being in force) and the Articles of Association of the Company, Shri Subhash Kumar (DIN : 07905656) ,

who was nominated by Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited- (ONGC) as its Nominee Director on the Board of the

Company and who was appointed as an Additional Director by the Board of Directors of the Company on the

th

recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors with effect from 9 April 2021

pursuant to Section 161 of the Act and who holds office up to the date of this Annual General Meeting and in respect of

whom the Company has, pursuant to Section 160 of the Act, received a notice from Shri Subhash Kumar, himself in writing

proposing his candidature for the office of Director, be and is hereby appointed as Director (Nominee Director of ONGC) of

the Company, liable to retire by rotation, on the terms and conditions as given in Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the

Act annexed to the Notice of this Annual General Meeting.”

8. To appoint Amb. Bhaswati Mukherjee (DIN: 07173244) as Director of the Company

“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Section 149, 152 read with Schedule IV and all other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules made there under and the applicable provisions of

the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory modification(s) or

re- enactment thereof for the time being in force) and the Articles of Association of the Company, Ambassador Bhaswati

Mukherjee (DIN: 07173244), who was appointed as an Additional Director (Independent Director) of the Company by the

Board of Directors of the Company on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board

with effect from 13th August, 2021 pursuant to Section 161 of the Act and who meets the criteria for independence as

provided in Section 149 (6) of the Act along with the rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and who has submitted a declaration to that effect and who

holds office up to the date of this Annual General Meeting and in respect of whom the Company has, pursuant to Section

160 of the Act, received a notice from Ambassador Bhaswati Mukherjee, herself in writing proposing her candidature for

the office of Director, be and is hereby appointed as Independent Director of the Company for a period of three years w.e.f.

13th August, 2021, on the terms and conditions as given in Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act annexed to the

Notice of this Annual General Meeting.”

9. To approve Related Party Transactions entered or to be entered by the Company for the financial year 2022-23

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules made

thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) thereof for the time being in force) and the Related Party Transactions

Policy of the Company, approval of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors for

contracts/arrangements/ transactions entered/ to be entered into with GAIL (India) Limited (GAIL), Indian Oil Corporation

Limited (IOCL), Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited (ONGC), Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) and

their affiliates, Related Parties under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 during the financial year 2022-23 for supply of goods or availing or rendering of any

services in the ordinary course of business and on arm’s length basis, which may exceed the materiality threshold limit i.e.

ten percent of the annual consolidated turnover of the Company as per the last audited financial statements of the

Company.

---1----•1---

-----------------:

letter which shall contain member's name, folio number, bank details (Bank account number Bank and

Branch Name and address, IFSC, MICR details), (ii) self-attested copy of the PAN card and (iii) cancelled cheque

leaf. The original documents are required to be sent to the RTA’s address as given in the Annual Report elsewhere.

(c) In case, the company is unable to pay the dividend to any shareholder by the electronic mode, due to non-availability of

the details of the bank account, the company shall dispatch the dividend warrant / cheque to such shareholder by post.

13) Pursuant to Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013, shareholders holding shares in physical form may file nomination in

the prescribed Form SH-13 with the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent. In respect of shares held in Electronic

/ Demat form, the nomination details may be updated with the respective Depository Participant.

14) Members holding shares in physical form, in identical order of names, in more than one folio are requested to send to the

Company or RTA, the details of such folios together with the share certificates for consolidating their holdings in one folio. A

consolidated share certificate will be issued to such Members after making requisite changes.

15) The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has notified provisions relating to unpaid / unclaimed dividend under Sections 124 and

125 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Investor Education and Protection Fund (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and

Refund) Rules, 2016. As per the provisions contained therein, dividends which are not encashed / claimed by the

shareholders for a period of seven consecutive years shall be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund

(IEPF) Authority. The shares in respect of such unclaimed dividends are also liable to be transferred to the demat account

of IEPF Authority.

Hence, the Company urges to all the shareholders to encash / claim their respective dividend during the prescribed period.

The Company has, from time-to-time, sent necessary intimation / published notices to the shareholders, requesting them

to claim their unpaid dividends and also regarding the transfer of shares in respect of unclaimed dividend to IEPF Authority.

The details of the unpaid / unclaimed amounts lying with the Company are available on the website of the Company at

www.petronetlng.in. The shareholders whose dividend / shares are transferred to the IEPF Authority can now claim their

dividend / shares from the Authority by following the Refund Procedure as detailed on the website of IEPF Authority. The

procedure and guidelines in this regard are also available on the website of the Company at www.petronetlng.in.

16) (a) In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars and SEBI Circular, Notice of AGM along with the Annual Report for the

financial year 2020-21 is being sent only through electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses are

registered with the Company or the Depository Participant(s). The Annual Report of the Company, circulated to the

Members of the Company, will also be made available on the Company’s website i.e. www.petronetlng.in, website of

the Stock Exchanges i.e. National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.nseindia.com and BSE Limited at

www.bseindia.com and on the website of CDSL (e-voting agency) at www.evotingindia.com.

PETR.ONET

L ... <;;;

LIMITED

-------------------------:

letter etc.

together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to the

Scrutinizer at sachin@companylawworld.com and to the Company at the email address viz;

investors@petronetlng.in, if they have voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting

system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.

6) If you are a first-time user follow the steps given below:

---1----•1---

-----------------:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company for a period of five years or attaining the age of 65 years, whichever is

st

earlier from the date of joining the Company. He has joined the Company on 1 February, 2021. The appointment of Managing

Director & CEO is required to be approved by the Members in the General Meeting. The terms and conditions of his

appointment are attached as Appendix-B to this Notice.

His brief resume, inter-alia, giving nature of expertise in specific functional area, shareholding in the Company, other

Directorship, Membership/ Chairmanship of Committees and other particulars are enclosed with this notice.

In view of his background and vast experience, it will be in the interest of the Company that he continues as Director of the

Company.

Except Shri Akshay Kumar Singh, being an appointee, none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and/ or their relatives,

is/ are interested or concerned, financially or otherwise in the resolution no. 6 except as may be deemed to be concerned or

interested in the proposed resolution to the extent of their shareholding in the Company, if any. The Board recommends the

ordinary resolution set out at Item No. 6 for the approval of Members.

Item No. 7

Shri Subhash Kumar (DIN : 07905656), was nominated as Nominee Director of the Company by Oil and Natural Gas

th

Corporation Limited (ONGC) and was accordingly appointed as Additional Director w.e.f. 9 April 2021 as per the terms and

conditions contained in Articles of Association of the Company, to hold office up to this Annual General Meeting. Shri Subhash

Kumar, if appointed, shall be liable to retire by rotation.

His brief resume, inter-alia, giving nature of expertise in specific functional area, shareholding in the Company, other

Directorship, Membership / Chairmanship of Committees and other particulars are enclosed with this notice.

In view of his background and vast experience, it will be in the interest of the Company that he continues as Director of the

Company.

Except Shri Subhash Kumar, being an appointee, none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and/ or their relatives, is/

are interested or concerned, financially or otherwise in the resolution no. 7 except as may be deemed to be concerned or

interested in the proposed resolution to the extent of their shareholding in the Company, if any. The Board recommends the

ordinary resolution set out at Item No. 7 for the approval of Members.

Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013

---1----•1---

-----------------:

Letter of Appointment for Independent Directors is available for inspection at the Registered Office of the

Company during business hours on any working day and the same is also available on the website of the Company.

Her brief resume, inter-alia, giving nature of expertise in specific functional area, shareholding in the Company, other

Directorship, Membership / Chairmanship of Committees and other particulars are enclosed with this notice.

Except Amb. Mukherjee, being an appointee, none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and/ or their relatives, is/ are

interested or concerned, financially or otherwise in the resolution no. 8 except as may be deemed to be concerned or

interested in the proposed resolution to the extent of their shareholding in the Company, if any. The Board recommends the

ordinary resolution set out at Item No. 8 for the approval of Members.

Item No. 9

As per Regulation 23(4) of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015, approval of the shareholders through ordinary resolution is

required, if the transaction(s) to be entered into individually or taken together with the previous transaction(s) during a financial

year with a related party, exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the Company as per last audited financial

statements of the Company. All entities who are related parties of Petronet LNG Limited (PLL) cannot vote to approve the

relevant transaction irrespective of whether the entity is a party to the particular transaction or not.

Petronet LNG Limited has entered into various agreements for Sale of LNG & Regasified LNG and providing regasification

services at its terminals.

The particulars of contracts, arrangements and transactions are as under:

(a) Name of the Related Party(s): GAIL (India) Limited (GAIL), Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL), Oil and Natural Gas

Corporation Limited (ONGC) and Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) and their affiliates.

(b) Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) who is related: None (other than Shri Manoj Jain, Shri Shrikant

Madhav Vaidya, Shri Subhash Kumar and Shri Arun Kumar Singh to the extent of being common Board Member of PLL as

well as of the Promoter Companies viz. GAIL, IOCL, ONGC and BPCL respectively).

(c) Nature of relationship: GAIL, IOCL, ONGC and BPCL and their affiliates are related party(s) under the Companies Act,

2013 and the SEBI Regulations, 2015.

(d) Nature, Material Terms of contracts, arrangements and transactions:

The Company has entered into the following agreements / contracts in the ordinary course of business and on arm’s

length basis:

1. Gas Sales and Purchase Agreement (GSPA) of 7.50 MMTPA (as amended from time-to-time), entered in 2003 with

GAIL, IOCL and BPCL, in the ratio of 60:30:10 respectively, with validity till 2028: These agreements have been

entered as back-to-back arrangement for LNG Sale and Purchase Agreements from RasGas of Qatar. The Long-Term

Sales Agreements are materially back-to-back in terms of duration, quantity, price, foreign exchange fluctuation etc. in

line with the long-term LNG Purchase contracts.

2. Gas Sales and Purchase Agreement (GSPA) of 1.425 MMTPA (as amended from time to time), entered in 2010 with

BPCL, IOCL and GAIL, in the ratio of 40:30:30 respectively, with validity till 2035: These agreements have been

PETR.ONET

L ... <;;;

LIMITED

-------------------------:

Managing Director), had approved the payment of commission

on profit if any, decided by the Board on yearly basis subject to and within the ceiling as may be approved by the shareholders.

th

th

The Members of the Company had approved initially in the 9 Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on 14 June, 2007 which

th

st

was further approved on 30 June, 2011, 21 September, 2016 for a period of 5 years respectively that the payment and

distribution of a sum not exceeding 1% per annum of the profits of the Company calculated in accordance with the provisions

of Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013, by way of commission on profits to and amongst the Directors of the Company

such amount or proportions and in such manner and in all such respects as may be determined by the Board of Directors from

time to time and such payments shall be made for a further period of five years commencing from Financial Year 2016-17.

The details of Commission of the Functional and Independent Directors as decided by the Board from the Financial Year

2016-17 to Financial Year 2020-21 is as follows:

The amount of Commission in terms of percentage of PBT is very small and well within the overall ceiling of 1% of the PBT of the

Company.

The Commission on Profits to Directors are governed by the provisions contained under Companies Act, 2013, SEBI (LODR)

Regulations, 2015 and the Articles of Association of the Company, the same are explained below for the information of the Board.

Section 196 (4) of the Companies Act, 2013 provided that subject to the provision of section 197 and Schedule V, a managing

director, whole- time director or manager shall be appointed and the terms and conditions of such appointment and remuneration

payable be approved by the Board of Directors at a meeting which shall be subject to approval by a resolution at the next general

meeting of the company and by the Central Government in case such appointment is at variance to the conditions specified in

Part I of that Schedule.

Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 deals with the overall managerial remuneration that can be payable to Directors.

Section 197(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 provided that a director or manager may be paid remuneration either by way of a

monthly payment or at a specified percentage of the net profits of the company or partly by one way and partly by the other.

Second proviso to Section 197(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 stipulates that the remuneration payable to directors who are

neither managing directors nor whole-time directors (Non-executive Directors which include Independent Directors) shall not

exceed one per cent. of the net profits of the company.

Sub-section 4 of Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013, inter-alia, provides that the remuneration payable to the directors of a

company, including any managing or whole-time director or manager, shall be determined, in accordance with and subject to the

provisions of this section, either by the articles of the company, or by a resolution or, if the articles so require, by a special

resolution, passed by the company in general meeting and the remuneration payable to a director determined aforesaid shall be

inclusive of the remuneration payable to him for the services rendered by him in any other capacity.

As per Regulation 17(6) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the board of directors shall recommend all fees or compensation, if

any, paid to non-executive directors, including independent directors and shall require approval of shareholders in general

meeting.

+

+

+

+

+

+

+

+

+

PETR.ONET

L ... <;;;

LIMITED

-------------------------:

Managing Director may be paid remuneration

either by way of a monthly payment or at a specified percentage of the net profits of the Company or partly by one way

and partly by the other;

b) a Director who is neither in the whole-time employment of the Company nor a: Managing

Managing Director of

Gujarat State Investment Limited. He has also served as Director on the Board of various

Companies including Gujarat State Financial Services Ltd, Gujarat Industrial

Development Corporation, Gujarat State Electricity Corporation, Gujarat Mineral

Development Corporation, Gujarat Urban Development Company Limited, Gujarat State

Transport Corporation Ltd, Gujarat Infrastructure Development Board, Diamond

Research and Mercantile City Ltd, Urban Ring Development Corporation Ltd, Dholera

Industrial City Development Ltd.

He is presently: Managing Director of Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation Limited and Jt.

Managing Director of Gujarat State Petronet Limited.

Terms and conditions of

Nominated by GMB/GOG as per the terms and conditions contained in Articles of

Association of the Company.

Appointment

Directorship held in other

a) Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation Limited – Managing Director

b) Gujarat State Petronet Limited – Joint Managing Director (Listed)

Companies

c) Gujarat Gas Limited – Managing Director (Listed)

d) Gujarat State Energy Generation Limited –

Managing Director of GAIL (India) Limited, Shri Manoj Jain is also currently Chairman of

GAIL GLOBAL (USA) Inc. (GGUI), GAIL GLOBAL (USA) LNG LLC (GGULL), GAIL Gas

Limited (GGL), Brahmaputra Cracker & Polymer Limited (BCPL), Mahanagar Gas

Limited (MGL) and Director in Petronet LNG Limited (PLL). In his previous stint as

Director(BD), he was responsible for building GAIL's Business Portfolio in India and

abroad, Merger and Acquisition, Petrochemical O&M and Expansion, Exploration &

Production, R&D, Start–Up, Health Safety & Environment management, Quality

Management, Project Development including feasibility study and investment approval

for new pipelines, process plants, renewables etc.

Shri Manoj Jain was responsible for Gas Marketing activities in his role as Executive

Director (Marketing-Gas). He also spearheaded the installation and commissioning of the

USD 1.4 Billion grassroots Petrochemical complex, as Chief Operating Officer of BCPL.

Earlier, Shri Jain worked in Operation & Maintenance at the Corporate Level for a number

of years and his experience includes managing logistics of Gas Business with a

perspective of Operation and Management of all pipelines of company and in the process

played a significant role in establishing the National Gas Management Centre (NGMC)

and systems and procedures for transmission and marketing of comingled gases.

Terms and conditions of

Nominated by GAIL (India) Limited as per the terms and conditions contained in Articles of

Association of the Company.

Appointment

Directorship held in other

a) GAIL (India) Limited–Chairman &: Managing Director (Listed)

b) GAIL Gas Limited –

Managing Director (CMD) of Oil and

Natural Gas Corporation Limited (ONGC) with effect from 1st April 2021.

He is also the Chairman of ONGC Group of Companies comprising of subsidiaries-ONGC

Videsh Limited, Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited (MRPL), ONGC Mangalore

Petrochemicals Ltd (OMPL) and Joint Ventures- ONGC Petro-additions Limited (OPaL),

ONGC Tripura Power Company (OTPC), Mangalore SEZ Ltd (MSEZ) and Petronet MHB

Ltd(PMHBL). He is also ONGC nominee Director on the Board of Petronet LNG Limited.

Shri Kumar is an industry veteran with over 36 years of professional experience in diverse

activities across the Exploration & Production (E&P) value-chain. He joined ONGC in 1985 as

a Finance and Accounts Officer. Shri Kumar grew up along the hierarchy and served in different

capacities in ONGC and the Group Companies. During his tenure with ONGC Videsh, Shri

Kumar was associated with key acquisitions and expansion of company's footprint from a

single asset company in 2001 into a company with global presence. He played a key role in the

evaluation and acquisition of several overseas assets.

He has served as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Mansarovar Energy Colombia Limited, a

50:50 joint venture of ONGC Videsh and Sinopec of China from September 2006 to March

2010. Thereafter, he had a long stint at ONGC’s overseas arm ONGC Videsh from 2010 to

2015 where he successfully steered company’s Business Development, Finance, Budget &

Treasury Planning and Portfolio Management Groups.

Shri Kumar joined back ONGC in July 2016 as the Chief Commercial and Head Treasury, and

he played a key role in evaluation, negotiation, and concluding outstanding issues pertaining to

the organization. During 2017, Mr Subhash Kumar also served a brief stint with Petronet LNG

Limited as its Director (Finance).

Shri Kumar was appointed as Director (Finance) of ONGC in January 2018. Shri Kumar has also

served as Director on the Board of ONGC Group Companies viz. MRPL, HPCL, Petronet MHB

Limited, OTPC and OPaL. He has championed the issues relating to various JVs and group

entities at Board level. He has successfully led transformation of JVs and group companies into a

cohesive group, implemented entity-specific action plan, resulting in significant increase in their

efficiency and contributions to the ONGC Group.

Shri Kumar is also President of Global Compact Network India (GCNI), the Indian Local

Network of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) which has been providing a robust

platform for Indian businesses, academic institutions and civil society organizations to

embrace the Ten Principles of Global Compact Network, United Nations.

Shri Kumar is a Fellow Member of Institute of Cost Accountants of India and Associate Member

of ICSI. He is an alumni of Panjab University Chandigarh, from where he obtained his

Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees in Commerce with Gold Medal. An avid sportsperson and

fitness enthusiast, Shri Kumar has keen interest in Golf and Badminton.

Terms and conditions of

Nominated by ONGC as per the terms and conditions contained in the Articles of Association.

Appointment

Directorship held in other

a) Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited- Whole-time Director and additional charge of CMD

b) Mangalore Refinery & Petrochemicals Limited - Chairman

Companies

c) ONGC Petro Additions Limited - Chairman

d) ONGC Tripura Power Company Limited - Chairman

e) ONGC Mangalore Petrochemicals Limited - Chairman

f) Mangalore SEZ Limited - Chairman

g) ONGC Videsh Limited- Chairman

h) Petronet MHB Limited- Chairman

Specific Area

PETR.ONET

L ... <;;;

LIMITED

-------------------------:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer.

Gratuity

2,42,221

Total (B)

16,02,535

Flexi Pay (c)

59,54,661

HRA

30,22,920

Fuel Charges

Vehicle Maintenance

2,00,000

Driver Wages

Medical

4,19,850

LTA @1.5 times of Basic Pay

6,29,775

Furniture Advance & Maintenance

85,000

Housing Loan Subsidy

58,477

Vehicle Loan Subsidy

-

Education Allowance

2,400

Telephone Exp & Newspaper & Periodicals

-

Final Special Allowance

15,36,239

Incentive/ Variable Pay (D)

31,48,849

Final CTC (A+B+C+D)

1,57,44,245

PETR.ONET

L ... <;;;

LIMITED

-------------------------:

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board of Directors, it is our privilege and

rd

honour to present the 23 Annual Report along with Audited

Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements and

Auditors’ Report thereon for the financial year ended

st

31 March, 2021.

COVID-19

During the year 2020-21, the world at large suffered with

Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19). The Novel Coronavirus

(COVID-19) has infected more than billion people in more

than 220 countries – a scourge confronting all of humanity,

impacting lifestyles, businesses, economies and the

assumption of common well-being that all of us have largely

taken for granted. Despite adverse circumstances, the

Company continued to deliver its best in its operations and

also effectively contributed towards the society at large by

undertaking various activities under corporate social

responsibility.

PHYSICAL PERFORMANCE

The financial year 2020-21 saw the Company operating its

Dahej Terminal at 16.40 million tonnes throughput as

compared to 17.25 million tonnes in the previous financial

year 2019-20. The demand for LNG decreased during the

year due to nation-wide lockdown restrictions owing to

COVID-19 pandemic situation in the country. During the

financial year 2020-21, the Dahej Terminal handled 254 LNG

Cargoes and supplied 849.23 TBTUs of RLNG as compared

to 263 LNG cargoes during financial year 2019-20 wherein

supplies were 885.06 TBTUs of RLNG. During the financial

year 2020-21, 2852 LNG Road Tankers from Dahej Terminal

and 376 LNG Road Tankers from Kochi Terminal were also

loaded and dispatched. The utilization of Kochi Terminal

increased during 2020-21 owing to commissioning of

Mangalore section of GAIL’s Kochi Mangalore pipeline

network for gas evacuation. 14 LNG Cargoes were handled

at the Kochi Terminal during the financial year 2020-21 as

compared to 12 LNG Cargoes during the year 2019-20.

During the year 2020-21, Kochi terminal supplied 46.92

TBtus of RLNG as compared to 42.78 TBtus in financial year

2019-20.

SHIPPING ARRANGEMENTS

Your Company imports 7.5 MMTPA of LNG from Ras Laffan,

Qatar on Free On Board (FOB) basis through its three long

term chartered LNG vessels namely Disha, Raahi and

Aseem. The duration of the charter is 25 years for each

vessel. These vessels are owned by a consortium of M/s

NYK Line, M/s K-Line, M/s MOL and M/s Shipping

Corporation Ltd. (SCI). The technical management,

manning and operations are carried out by SCI. The ships

operate on a long-term time charter basis with Petronet as

the charterer.

The fourth LNG vessel ‘Prachi’ was delivered on

th

30 November 2016. The duration of this long term charter is

19 years. Besides Japanese Companies NYK, MOL and K-

Line, SCI is also an equity partner in the ship-owning

company. Your Company has taken 26% equity in this LNG

ship. As is the case with the above mentioned first three

ships, the fourth ship is also being manned, managed,

maintained and operated by SCI.

Supply of LNG from Gorgon, Australia is now on Delivery Ex

Ship (DES) basis and under this agreement our fourth long

term chartered LNG vessel “Prachi” has been novated to

Exxon Mobil.

During FY 2020-21, the overall shipping operations have run

smoothly and the jetty utilization has been optimized without

any downtime. LNG vessel Disha had a machinery

breakdown and the repairs were delayed due to pandemic

Covid-19 as a result vessel was out of service (off hired) for

about eight months. However, your Company didn’t incur

any downtime or commercial loss due to non-availability of

LNG vessel Disha, as all her scheduled cargoes were lifted

and transported by timely hiring of substitute LNG vessels at

competitive market rates.

DAHEJ LNG TERMINAL

Dahej Terminal, having 17.5 MMTPA nameplate capacity,

operated at about 16.40 MMTPA capacity utilization during

the FY 2020-21. Dahej Terminal is now catering higher gas

demand and its share of gas supplies has consequently

increased in the energy mix of India. Capacity utilization was

impacted due to National lockdown on account of COVID-19

in first quarter. Your Company is in process of adding two

LNG storage tanks (i.e. seventh and eighth LNG Tanks),

which are in tendering stage. Feasibility study for third jetty

along with facilities to unload ethane and propane is under

progress which will not only enhance reliability of LNG ship

receiving but will also open business opportunity for your

Company in the field of ethane and propane handling. Your

company is also evaluating the expansion of Dahej LNG

Terminal capacity from 17.5 to 22.5 MMTPA.

LNG Dispensing facility is functional to fill LNG in bus for own

employees use.

LNG supplies continued with trucks to various consumers

not connected with RLNG pipeline.

---1----•1---

-----------------:

Letter of Intents (LOIs)

against the same. We have already shortlisted 4 sites in

Haryana for the project and are in advance stage of

negotiations with the local authorities for allocation of

suitable Land for the CBG Project.

FORMATION OF PETRONET ENERGY LIMITED (PEL),

A 100% WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF PLL

Your company envisages to be an integrated energy

company and has thereby incorporated a wholly-owned

subsidiary company 'Petronet Energy Limited' (PEL) with an

authorised share capital of Rs 500 Crore to establish itself as

a key player in the growing Asian gas bunkering market. PEL

is planned to offer LNG Bunkering services, allied services

like Gassing Up and Cooling Down operations and other

value-added services in LNG and Marine sector in phased

manner. The necessary regulatory compliances and unit

formation at Puthuvypeen Special Economic Zone, Kochi is

under progress. The strategic location of Kochi terminal is

expected to spur bunkering activity in the region at

competitive price. With LNG-fuelled tonnage set to increase

in Asia in the coming months, Kochi LNG terminal is

expected to provide a potentially valuable refuelling point for

East-West trade.

PETROCHEMICAL COMPLEX AT PLL DAHEJ TERMINAL

Your company is embarking upon a major diversification

drive to broad base its business activity and is exploring to

have an ethane/ propane import facility at Dahej Terminal.

Your company has also planned for setting up of a

Petrochemical complex based on imported propane at

Dahej LNG Terminal. The foray into Petrochemicals would

be a forward integration of our strategy as the same planned

to get synchronised with our upcoming third jetty project and

available land bank at Dahej.

H A R N E S S I N G T H E C O L D E N E R G Y F R O M

REGASIFICATION PROCESS AT TERMINALS

Your company is exploring the possible business

opportunities from harnessing the cold energy from our

regasification terminals at Dahej and Kochi. Harnessing

LNG’s cold energy not only maximises regasification

terminals’ potential but also offers an opportunity to cut

emissions in cold ware housing chain simultaneously adding

value and improving energy efficiency.

LNG STORAGE AND REGASIFICATION TERMINAL AT

EAST COAST OF INDIA

Your company has successfully established its presence in

the Southern & Western part of the Country, with Dahej

terminal being the busiest terminal in the world. Now your

company plans to set up of a Floating LNG terminal at

Gopalpur port in Odisha with a strategic vision to establish its

presence in the Eastern coast of India. The LNG terminal will

help meet the increasing gas demand of the eastern and

central part of the country. Your company has already

completed the pre-project studies and are in process of

preparing the Detailed Feasibility Report (DFR) for a 4

MMTPA floating storage & regasification (FSRU) terminal

followed by a PFR for 5 MMTPA land-based terminal in

future. Your company has signed MOU with Gopalpur ports

limited and is in discussion with them to finalise the key

technical and commercial terms of the agreements. Your

company is in process of obtaining final investment decision

for the project.

LNG AS AN AUTOMOTIVE FUEL

As a responsible corporate citizen and in a step towards

meeting India’s COP-21 commitment, your Company is

taking up initiatives to develop the small scale LNG market in

the Country and has been promoting the environment

friendly LNG as a fuel in Road transportation. Your Company

had done discussions and deliberation with Ministry of Road

Transportation and Highways (MORTH) and Ministry of

Commerce and Industries (MOCI) for inclusion of LNG as an

automotive fuel in Central Motor Vehicle Rules (CMVR) and

for inclusion of LNG dispensing stations development

regulation in Static and Mobile Pressure vessel rules

(SMPV). With the efforts of your Company both these

regulations are in place now and a new doorway is opened in

Indian market for LNG as a cleaner transportation fuel. Your

company has deliberated with PNGRB for keeping LNG

fuelling stations out of purview of PNGRB act. With the

efforts of your company PNGRB has issued clarification that

any entity can now set up LNG dispensing stations

irrespective of Geographical areas Authorizations.

This clarification by PNGRB on setting up of LNG

dispensing stations in various CGD Geographical Areas will

pave the way for creation of LNG corridors across the

country.

Your Company has commissioned India’s first LNG

dispenser stations inside Dahej and Kochi LNG terminals

and has also commissioned the first commercially approved

and registered LNG powered buses of the Country for

employee’s movement at both places. Your Company has

prepared a business plan based on traffic study on Indian

Roads and decided to develop LNG corridors covering major

National Highways of India. Your Company is developing

western and southern highways expeditiously in the initial

stage. Your Company has partnered up with various CGD

players and OMCs to jointly develop these LNG/LCNG

dispensing stations in their area. Your company has

awarded the work of five (5) LNG stations for co-

development of these stations.

---1----•1---

-----------------:

letter of

appointment outlining his/her roles, responsibilities.

functions, duties, remuneration and other terms and

conditions. The format of the: letter of appointment is

available on the website of the Company.

Extra Ordinary General Meeting

During the year, an Extra Ordinary General Meeting was

th

held on 15 March, 2021 through VC/OAVM and the

following resolution were passed:

1) To consider and approve Material Related Party

Transactions passed as an ordinary resolution and

2) To re-appoint Shri Sidhartha Pradhan (DIN: 06938830),

as Independent

Managing Director nor the Whole–time

Directors of the Company receive any remuneration or

commission from any of its subsidiaries.

5. The details of difference between amount of the valuation

done at the time of one time settlement and the valuation

done while taking loan from the Banks of Financial

Institutions.

6. Amount carried to reserves.

7. The details of application made or any proceeding

pending under the insolvency and Bankruptcy code,

2016 during the year.

During the financial year 2020-21, there was no cases filed

pursuant to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace

(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and thus

st

no case was pending as on 31 March, 2021. As a part of

compliance to the above said act, Internal Complaints

Committees (ICC) have been constituted to redress the

complaints regarding sexual harassment.

There are no material changes and commitments affecting

the financial position of the Company which have occurred

between the end of the financial year and the date of

this report.

STATUTORY AUDITORS

M/s T. R. Chadha & Co., Chartered Accountants LLP, have

been appointed by the Shareholders of the Company as

Statutory Auditors for the financial year 2020-21.

Particulars

Annexure

Annual Report on CSR Activities

I

Disclosure of Related Party Transactions in

Form AOC-2

II

Particulars of Employees pursuant to

Section 197 of Companies Act, 2013

III

Secretarial Audit Report in Form MR-3

IV

Management Discussion & Analysis

V

Report on Corporate Governance

VI

Business Responsibility Report for the

year 2020-21

VII

PETR.ONET

L ... <;;;

LIMITED

-------------------------:

Managing Director & CEO)

Sd/-

Dr. Siddhartha Shekhar Singh

(Chairman, CSR Committee)

Place : New Delhi

th

Date : 25 August, 2021

---1----•1---

-----------------:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure 'A' and forms an integral part of this report.

For A.N.Kukreja & Co

Company Secretaries

(A.N.Kukreja)

Proprietor

FCS 1070; CP 2318.

ICSI Unique Code: S1995DE014900

UDIN: F001070C000419213

th

Date: 4 June, 2021

Place: New Delhi

---1----•1---

-----------------:

Managing Director &

CEO and other whole-time Directors subject to provisions of Section 203 and other applicable provisions of the Act.

The Search Committee, as constituted by the Board from time to time, finalizes the qualification, age, experience and other

relevant criteria for the position under consideration and the notification for the vacant position is circulated in advance. Based

on the suitability of the candidates, the Search Committee of the Board shortlists candidates for personal interaction and

recommends potential candidates in order of merit to the Nomination and Remuneration Committee which in turn makes its

recommendations to the Board. The final recommendation, with suitable compensation and other terms for appointment, is

then approved by the Board, subject to confirmation by the shareholders in the general meeting.

The initial tenure of MD & CEO and Whole - time Director(s) is for a period of five years w.e.f. their respective date of

appointment. However, the tenure of Whole - time Directors may further be extended by re-appointing them, subject to

approval of Board as well as Members of the Company.

The appointment of MD & CEO and Whole-time Directors is subject to termination by a three months’ notice in writing by either

party.

The tenure of Nominee Directors is not certain as they are being nominated by their respective organizations. However, in

case of Independent Directors, the initial tenure of appointment is three years.

---1----•1---

-----------------:

Managing Director &

38,40,644

1,00,764

-

-

39,41,408

Kumar Singh

CEO (w.e.f. 01.02.2021)

2

Shri Pramod

Director (Technical)

32,88,314

1,27,190

-

-

34,15,504

Narang

(w.e.f. 26.11.2020)

3

Shri Vinod

Director (Finance)

88,61,290

4,16,923

92,600

22,50,000

1,16,20,813

Kumar Mishra

& CFO

4

Shri Prabhat Singh: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO regarding compliance with the said Code by all Board Members and Senior Management Personnel is as below:

“I, Akshay Kumar Singh, MD & CEO, declare that the members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management

Personnel have affirmed compliance with ‘The Code of Conduct for Board Members and Senior Management Personnel’

st

of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2021.”

(Akshay Kumar Singh)

CEO/CFO Certification

As required under Regulation 17 (8) of SEBI LODR, the certificate duly signed by CEO and CFO was placed before the Board

th

of Directors at the meeting held on 8 June 2021 and the said certificate is annexed and forms part of this report.

Disclosure by Senior Management Personnel i.e. one level below the CEO/MD/Whole-Time Directors including

Company Secretary and CFO

None of the senior management personnel has financial and/ or commercial transactions with the company. They do not have

any personal interest that would have a potential conflict with the interest of PLL at large.

Code for Prevention of Insider Trading in the Securities of Petronet LNG Limited

Pursuant to SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) (Amendment) Regulations, 2018, Code for Prevention of Insider Trading in

st

the Securities of Petronet LNG Limited (PLL)’ was adopted w.e.f. 1 April 2019. The details of the same have been posted on

the website of the Company. Copy of the Insider Trading Code is available on following weblink:

https://www.petronetlng.in/PDF/Insider-trading-Code.pdf.

Vigil Mechanism / Whistle Blower Policy

The Board of Directors of the Company has approved the Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy in terms of provisions of

Section 177 of Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 22 of SEBI LODR. It is hereby affirmed that no personnel has been

denied access to the Audit Committee in connection with the use of Vigil Mechanism. No complaints has been received during

the financial year 2020-21. The Vigil Mechanism of the Company is available at the following weblink:

https://www.petronetlng.in/PDF/Vigil-Mechanism-02092014.pdf.

Policy for Determining Material Subsidiary

The Company has formulated a Policy for determining ‘Material’ Subsidiaries as per Regulation 16(1) (c) of SEBI LODR. The

same is available at the weblink: https://www.petronetlng.in/PDF/PolicyonMaterialSubsidairy.pdf

In the financial year 2020-21, the Company had no ‘Material Subsidiary’ as defined under Regulation 16(1) (c) of SEBI LODR

Details of transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, associates, key managerial personnel during the year

st

2020- 21 are given in Financial Statement for the financial year ended 31 March 2021. These transactions does not have any

potential conflict with the interests of the Company at large.

Means of Communication

The Company has its website having updated details about the Company, its project, Shareholding pattern on quarterly basis,

etc. as per the statutory requirements of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. The financial results are being posted on the

Company’s website i.e. www.petronetlng.in. The Company also has dedicated e-mail ID i.e. investors@petronetlng.in for

investors to contact the Company in case of any information and grievances.

Press Releases made by the Company from time to time are also displayed on the Company’s website. Presentations made

to the institutional investors and analysts after the declaration of the quarterly, half-yearly and annual results, if any, are also

displayed on the Company’s website.

PETR.ONET

L ... <;;;

LIMITED

-------------------------:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN:03579974)

Annexure to Report on Corporate Governace

th

Dated: 8 June, 2021

Place: New Delhi

---1----•1---

-----------------:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:03579974

Sd/-

Vinod Kumar Mishra

Director (Finance)

DIN: 08125144

Place : New Delhi

Date : 8 June 2021

Sd/-

Rajan Kapur

Vice President -Company Secretary

Membership No - A10674

Standalone Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2021

(All amounts are in Rupees lac, unless otherwise stated)

Notes

As at

31 March 2021

As at

31 March 2020

PETR.ONET

L ... <;;;

LIMITED

-------------------------:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:03579974

Sd/-

Vinod Kumar Mishra

Director (Finance)

DIN: 08125144

Place : New Delhi

Date : 8 June 2021

Sd/-

Rajan Kapur

Vice President -Company Secretary

Membership No - A10674

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31 March 2021

(All amounts are in Rupees lac, unless otherwise stated)

Notes

For the year ended

31 March 2021

For the year ended

31 March 2020

---1----•1---

-----------------:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:03579974

Sd/-

Vinod Kumar Mishra

Director (Finance)

DIN: 08125144

Place : New Delhi

Date : 8 June 2021

Sd/-

Rajan Kapur

Vice President -Company Secretary

Membership No - A10674

---1----•1---

-----------------:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:03579974

Sd/-

Vinod Kumar Mishra

Director (Finance)

DIN: 08125144

Place : New Delhi

Date : 8 June 2021

Sd/-

Rajan Kapur

Vice President -Company Secretary

Membership No - A10674

---1----•1---

-----------------:

Letter of Credit of Rs. 3,10,898 lac (Rs. 4,31,924 lac as on 31 March 2020) to Ras Laffan Liquified

Natural Gas Company Limited (2) and Rs. 80,954 lac (Rs 78,334 lac as on 31 March 2020) to Mobil Australia Resource

Company PTY Ltd against the Long Term Purchase Agreements."

B. Contingent Liabilities

"In the ordinary course of business, the Company faces claims and assertions by various parties. The Company

assesses such claims and assertions and monitors the legal environment on an ongoing basis with the assistance of

internal legal team. The Company records a liability for any claims where a potential loss is probable and capable of

being estimated and discloses such matters in its financial statements, if material. For potential losses that are

considered possible, but not probable, the Company provides disclosure in the financial statements but does not

record a liability in its accounts unless the loss becomes probable.The following is a description of claims and

assertions where a potential loss is possible, but not probable. The Company believes that none of the contingencies

described below would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or

cash flows."

a. The Collector of Electricity Duty, Gandhinagar (Gujarat) had issued notices classifying the business activities of the

Company as “Storage (HTP-IIA)” instead of “Industrial Undertaking (HTP I)” and hence levied Electricity Duty @ 45%

(revised rates @25%) instead of 20% (Revised rate @15%) of the consumption charges. The Company has

challenged the legality and validity of the notices by way of writ petitions before the Hon'ble High Court of Gujarat who

had quashed the supplementary bill/demand notice and remanded the case back to the Collector of Electricity Duty

vide order dated 1 July 2014. The Company has made its submissions before the Collector of Electricity Duty,

Gandhinagar and the order is awaited. The total demand till 31 March, 2021 is Rs. 7,357 lac (as on 31 March 2020 Rs.

6,156 lac).

b. The Collector of Stamps, Bharuch had issued notice to the Company to pay stamp duty @ Re.1 per Rs.1000/ or part

thereof of the value mentioned in the Delivery Order of the goods imported through ports in Gujarat pursuant to the

amendment to Section 24 of the Bombay Stamp Act, 1958. The Hon’ble High Court of Gujarat has quashed the notice.

Stamp authorities have filed Special Leave Petition (SLP) in Hon'ble Supreme Court against the same and the case is

pending as on date. The potential liability from the effective date of amendment i.e. 1 April 2006 till 31 March 2021 on

the CIF value would be Rs. 29,514 lac (Rs. 27,673 lac as on 31 March 2020).

c. The Company has received refund of Rs.112 lac, Rs.284 lac and Rs.346 lac from Customs department vide CESTAT

order dated 7 November 2013, 9 September 2011 and 31 May 2010 respectively mainly pertaining to custom duty on

short landing of LNG. The Custom Authorities have filed appeal against the order of the CESTAT with the Hon’ble High

court of Gujarat and the outcome of the case is pending as on date.

d. Taxes and duties recoverable includes custom duty recoverable amounting to Rs.959 lac (in relation to short landing of

LNG under spot purchase agreement). The company has received favourable order in respect of the above issue from

Commissioner (Appeals) and CESTAT. However, the refund of the custom duty has been denied by department and

PETR.ONET

L ... <;;;

LIMITED

-------------------------:

Managing Director & CEO

Shri Akshay Kumar Singh (w.e.f. 01.02.2021): Managing

Letter of Credit (SBLC) from its customers, the exceptions being its Promoters

namely BPCL, GAIL, IOCL and ONGC. Option to take SBLC from Promoter is also being explored by the

---1----•1---

-----------------:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:03579974

Sd/-

Vinod Kumar Mishra

Director (Finance)

DIN: 08125144

Place : New Delhi

Date : 8 June 2021

Sd/-

Rajan Kapur

Vice president -Company Secretary

Membership No - A10674

Notes to the standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021

(All amounts are in Rupees lac, unless otherwise stated)

PETR.ONET

L ... <;;;

LIMITED

-------------------------:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:03579974

Sd/-

Vinod Kumar Mishra

Director (Finance)

DIN: 08125144

Place : New Delhi

Date : 8 June 2021

Sd/-

Rajan Kapur

Vice President -Company Secretary

Membership No - A10674

PETR.ONET

L ... <;;;

LIMITED

-------------------------:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:03579974

Sd/-

Vinod Kumar Mishra

Director (Finance)

DIN: 08125144

Place : New Delhi

Date : 8 June 2021

Sd/-

Rajan Kapur

Vice President -Company Secretary

Membership No - A10674

For the year

ended

31 March 2020

---1----•1---

-----------------:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:03579974

Sd/-

Vinod Kumar Mishra

Director (Finance)

DIN: 08125144

Place : New Delhi

Date : 8 June 2021

Sd/-

Rajan Kapur

Vice President -Company Secretary

Membership No - A10674

Consolidated Statement of Cash flows for the year ended 31 March2021

(All amounts are in Rupees lac, unless otherwise stated)---1----•1---

-----------------:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:03579974

Sd/-

Vinod Kumar Mishra

Director (Finance)

DIN: 08125144

Place : New Delhi

Date : 8 June 2021

Sd/-

Rajan Kapur

Vice President -Company Secretary

Membership No - A10674

---1----•1---

-----------------:

Letter of Credit of Rs. 3,10,898 lac (Rs. 4,31,924 lac as on 31 March 2020) to Ras Laffan Liquified

Natural Gas Company Limited (2) and Rs. 80,954 lac (Rs 78,334 lac as on 31 March 2020) to Mobil Australia Resource

Company PTY Ltd against the Long Term Purchase Agreements.

B. Contingent Liabilities

In the ordinary course of business, the Company faces claims and assertions by various parties. The Company

assesses such claims and assertions and monitors the legal environment on an ongoing basis with the assistance of

internal legal team. The Company records a liability for any claims where a potential loss is probable and capable of

being estimated and discloses such matters in its financial statements, if material. For potential losses that are

considered possible, but not probable, the Company provides disclosure in the financial statements but does not

record a liability in its accounts unless the loss becomes probable.The following is a description of claims and

assertions where a potential loss is possible, but not probable. The Company believes that none of the contingencies

described below would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or

cash flows.

a. The Collector of Electricity Duty, Gandhinagar (Gujarat) had issued notices classifying the business activities of the

Company as “Storage (HTP-IIA)” instead of “Industrial Undertaking (HTP I)” and hence levied Electricity Duty @ 45%

(revised rates @25%) instead of 20% (Revised rate @15%) of the consumption charges. The Company has

challenged the legality and validity of the notices by way of writ petitions before the Hon'ble High Court of Gujarat who

had quashed the supplementary bill/demand notice and remanded the case back to the Collector of Electricity Duty

vide order dated 1 July 2014. The Company has made its submissions before the Collector of Electricity Duty,

Gandhinagar and the order is awaited. The total demand till 31 March, 2021 is Rs. 7,357 lac (as on 31 March 2020 Rs.

6,156 lac).

b. The Collector of Stamps, Bharuch had issued notice to the Company to pay stamp duty @ Re.1 per Rs.1000/ or part

thereof of the value mentioned in the Delivery Order of the goods imported through ports in Gujarat pursuant to the

amendment to Section 24 of the Bombay Stamp Act, 1958. The Hon’ble High Court of Gujarat has quashed the notice.

Stamp authorities have filed Special Leave Petition (SLP) in Hon'ble Supreme Court against the same and the case is

pending as on date. The potential liability from the effective date of amendment i.e. 1 April 2006 till 31 March 2021 on

the CIF value would be Rs. 29,514 lac (Rs. 27,673 lac as on 31 March 2020).

c. The Company has received refund of Rs.112 lac, Rs.284 lac and Rs.346 lac from Customs department vide CESTAT

order dated 7 November 2013, 9 September 2011 and 31 May 2010 respectively mainly pertaining to custom duty on

short landing of LNG. The Custom Authorities have filed appeal against the order of the CESTAT with the Hon’ble High

court of Gujarat and the outcome of the case is pending as on date.

d. Taxes and duties recoverable includes custom duty recoverable amounting to Rs.959 lac (in relation to short landing of

LNG under spot purchase agreement). The company has received favourable order in respect of the above issue from

Commissioner (Appeals) and CESTAT. However, the refund of the custom duty has been denied by department and

Commissioner (Appeals) on the ground of time barred refund application. The company has preferred an appeal

against the above order with CESTAT and received a negative order. Company filed an WRIT Petition with Hon'ble

Gujarat High Court against the CESTAT order, and got favourable ruling. The Company has got refund of the above

Notes to the Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021

(All amounts are in Rupees lac, unless otherwise stated) ---1----•1---

-----------------:

Managing Director & CEO

Shri Akshay Kumar Singh (w.e.f. 01.02.2021): Managing

Letter of Credit (SBLC) from its customers, the exceptions being its Promoters

namely BPCL, GAIL, IOCL and ONGC. Option to take SBLC from Promoter is also being explored by the Company.

Notes to the Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021

(All amounts are in Rupees lac, unless otherwise stated)

PETR.ONET

L ... <;;;

LIMITED

-------------------------:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:03579974

Sd/-

Vinod Kumar Mishra

Director (Finance)

DIN: 08125144

Place : New Delhi

Date : 8 June 2021

Sd/-

Rajan Kapur

Vice President -Company Secretary

Membership No - A10674

Notes to the Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021

(All amounts are in Rupees lac, unless otherwise stated) ---1----•1---

-----------------:

letter etc.

together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer

at sachin@companylawworld.com and to the Company at the email address viz; investors@petronetlng.in, if they have

voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E-VOTING DURING MEETING ARE AS UNDER:

1. The procedure for attending meeting & e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for Remote e-voting.

2. The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available where the EVSN of Company will be displayed after successful login as

per the instructions mentioned above for Remote e-voting.

3. Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the meeting. However, they will not be eligible to

vote at the AGM.

4. Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops / IPads for better experience.

5. Further shareholders will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the meeting.

6. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may

experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or

LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

7. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask questions during the meeting may register themselves as a speaker by

sending their request in advance atleast 10 days prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number,

email id, mobile number at investors@petronetlng.in and agmparticipant@bigshareonline.com. The shareholders who do not

wish to speak during the AGM but have queries may send their queries in advance 10 days prior to meeting mentioning their

name, demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at investors@petronetlng.in and

agmparticipant@bigshareonline.com. These queries will be replied to by the company suitably by email.

8. Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask questions

during the meeting.

9. Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on the

Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting

system available during the AGM.

10. If any Votes are cast by the shareholders through the e-voting available during the AGM and if the same shareholders have not

participated in the meeting through VC/OAVM facility, then the votes cast by such shareholders shall be considered invalid as the

facility of e-voting during the meeting is available only to the shareholders attending the meeting.

If you have any queries or issues regarding attending AGM & e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, you can write an email to

helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 022- 23058738 and 022-23058542/43.

All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, Sr. Manager,

th

(CDSL), Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25 Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds,

N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call on

022-23058542/43.

---1----•1---

-----------------:

