managing director and wife Valerie and daughter

Laura as well as brother Giacomo continue to work for the company, giving it a real family-business feel.

Several of those individuals Giuseppe recruited in the 1970s remain with the business. Today DAC is one of the

largest, national, foodservice distributors in Italy.

Giuseppe was a proud promoter of his adopted city and an influential and responsible entrepreneur, quietly supporting

many local charities and other businesses.

Giuseppe died suddenly in August 2023, aged 75.

In memoriam

All at Bidcorp have been shocked and deeply saddened by the recent, untimely passing of two

our legendary European stalwarts – Giuseppe Scuola, president of DAC Italy, and Mehrdad Seifi,

chairman of Bidfood Portugal.

Mehrdad Seifi

Mehrdad came to Lisbon in 1983 following the revolution in his homeland, Iran. He

knew no-one and did not speak Portuguese.

After finding work in a restaurant, in 1988 Mehrdad started a small trading

business, M. Seifi, renting a tiny space in a local market. In the beginning, it was

just him and his wife running the business.

Mehrdad soon spotted the opportunity to do door-to-door distribution, for which

he made his first investment, a second-hand Ford truck. M. Seifi then began

renting space in the warehouse of a client. The business continued to grow and

in 1993 acquired its first key account, by which time the company had become

known as Frustock.

Mehrdad developed the Lisbon business throughout the 1990s, achieving a

breakthrough when he secured the right to supply 85% of restaurants at Expo 98.

Warehouses opened in Porto in 2008 and the Algarve in 2009. In 2017, Frustock was sold

to Bidcorp but Mehrdad continued to lead it, as CEO until 2023, when he became chairman.

Mehrdad was passionate about the business; there was never a problem for which he didn’t have a solution.

He was intuitive and ambitious but, most importantly, he was kind. Mehrdad had a heart big enough to fit

everyone. His biggest legacy is his people, the team he created who continue to honour his life’s work.

Mehrdad passed away after a short illness in September 2023, aged 61.

It's our people and culture that

make the Bidfood difference!

“Our business is very well positioned to continue to

grow and flourish, and I am truly grateful to my team

out there for all that they do”

Bernard Berson

We know

foodservice.

Our mission is to empower

foodservice to invent

and create.

With a team of 28 000

Bidfoodies that know and

love the industry.

Both men were refugee entrepreneurs who started from scratch and remained passionate about their businesses

up until the time of their deaths. Giuseppe and Mehrdad epitomised the Bidcorp culture – an entrepreneurial can-do

attitude and a firm commitment to doing whatever it took to delight their customers. Both were equally devoted to

the wellbeing of their employees. All at Bidcorp express our heartfelt condolences to the families, friends and

colleagues of Mehrdad and Giuseppe.

Bernard Berson

13

Value creation

Operational reviews

Sustainability

Governance

BIDCORP ANNUAL INTEGRATED REPORT 2023

Leadership reviews

12

BIDCORP ANNUAL INTEGRATED REPORT 2023

BIDCORP PEOPLE:

