DEAR STAKEHOLDERS,

Cashbuild subscribes to the highest ethical standards of business practices and has a well-entrenched and defined

business philosophy around its customers, staff, business partners, stakeholder and community engagements, systems

and finances. The philosophy is underpinned by the Group’s vision, mission, and values, as well as The Cashbuild Way.

47

CASHBUILD INTEGRATED REPORT 2023:

Director's remuneration and

Non-Executive Directors’ fees are detailed on page 84 of

this Report.

The set performance of the Chief Executive Officer is assessed

against pre-defined performance criteria, by the Board, while

the performance of Executive Directors and senior managers is

evaluated against similar performance criteria set by the Chief

Executive Officer and reviewed by the Remuneration

Committee. Any increases given over and above the July

cost-of-living increase are directly related to the individual’s

performance as well as market remuneration levels.

Retirement Funds

Membership of the retirement fund is compulsory for all

employees. The retirement fund is part of the AlexForbes

Umbrella Fund. The fund has performed well in comparison

to other such funds and benchmarks set.

The fund is managed by a Management Committee that

meets twice a year and consists of 50% employer and 50%

employee elected representatives. In order to facilitate

financial decision-making aligned to Group policies, the

Group’s Board Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief

Financial Officer are employer elected members of this

committee.

Medical Aid

Membership of the medical aid scheme is voluntary. The

medical aid schemes offered to the Group’s employees are

Discovery and Momentum. A more affordable scheme

through Momentum was added in the 2023 financial year.

Approximately 2% of employees have elected to join these

medical schemes and this level is consistent with that of the

prior year.

SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE SCHEME (STI)

Operations management and staff participate in a monthly,

quarterly and annual STI scheme which is directly related to

the financial performance of their operating unit.

The criteria for these awards relate to sales, transaction and

gross contribution targets. The Executive Directors’ targets

are set on the Group’s performance. Management and staff

targets are set on either Cashbuild or P&L Hardware

performance depending on the area of responsibility. Once

the criterion has been met and dependent on the

occupational level, an incentive of between 9% and 50% of

annual cost-to-company for employees is calculated, with

stretch performance targets set allowing this to increase to

17% and 90%, respectively.

81

CASHBUILD INTEGRATED REPORT 2023:

letter. The rules of the FSP are flexible in order to

allow for settlement in any of the following manners:

` by way of a market purchase of shares;

` use of treasury shares; or

` issue of shares.

The employer companies, as regulated by the recharge

policy, remain responsible to procure the settlement of

shares under the FSP to the participants employed by them

at all times, at the expense and cost of the employer

companies. In order to affect any forfeiture of awards,

performance shares and retention shares are held by an

escrow agent on behalf of the participants until the

vesting date.

The maximum aggregate number of shares which may at any

time be allocated in respect of this FSP together with the

Group’s existing share scheme to all participants shall not

exceed 5% of the issued shares.

The maximum number of shares allocated to any participant

in respect of all vested and unvested awards under the FSP

together with the Group’s existing share scheme shall not

exceed 0.5% of the issued shares.

Limits apply to shares allocated in total over multiple award

years, it is still not envisaged that any limits will be exceeded

in the foreseeable future.

The Remuneration Committee may alter or vary the rules of

the FSP as it deems fit. However, in the following instances,

the FSP may not be amended without the prior approval of

the JSE and a resolution by the shareholders of 75% of the

voting rights:

` the category of persons who are eligible for participation in

the FSP;

` the number of shares which may be utilised for the

purpose of the FSP;

` the individual limitations on benefits or maximum

entitlements;

` the basis upon which awards are made;

` the amount payable upon the award, settlement or vesting

of an award;

` the voting, dividend, transfer and other rights attached to

the awards, including those arising on liquidation of the

Group;

` the adjustment of awards in the event of a variation of

capital of the Group or a change of control of the Group;

and

` the procedure to be adopted in respect of the vesting.

Cashbuild Cash-Settled Share Scheme (CSSS)

Cashbuild introduced a CSSS for management at a D2 and

above Paterson grading as approved by the Remuneration

Committee on 3 October 2022.

The CSSS is based on the same rules and principles as the

FSP and in terms of the CSSS, the value of the vested

shares and dividends would be redeemed in cash

equivalents.

The management at D2 and above Paterson grading that

formed part of FSP tranches 5 (awarded in 2020) and 6

(awarded in 2021) would remain in place and exit over time

as the tranches vest.

The vesting of performance shares is subject to predetermined performance conditions and the employment conditions. The

performance conditions are utilised as follows:

Criteria

Weighting

of LTI

Threshold

(30% vesting)

Target

(100% vesting)

EPS

30%

CPI p/a

CPI +5% p/a

Relative TSR

30%

Median own peer group

Upper quartile of own peer group*

ROCE

40%

Cashbuild WACC

Cashbuild WACC +5% p.a.

Total

100%

*

Own peer group approved annually by the Remco.

83

CASHBUILD INTEGRATED REPORT 2023:

letter from IRBA, the findings report

and a copy of the proposed remedial action plan;

`

A summary of the information on the designated auditor, Mr J Welch, the results of which were satisfactory;

`

The JSE accreditation: letter from the firm which included the designated auditor;

`

The IRBA letters for the latest reviews of the firm (2022); and

`

The Deloitte Commitment to Audit Quality document.

The Audit and Risk Committee concluded that there were no matters of concern raised during the year under review.

Key audit matters

The Audit and Risk Committee has considered the matters noted in the independent auditor’s report and reviewed the

process followed by the auditor.

The Key audit matter is “the valuation of the P&L Hardware Goodwill” which is a continuous focus for the Audit and

Risk Committee. The Committee agrees that the processes followed by the external auditors are appropriate and that

management have appropriately accounted for this.

The processes followed included discussions with management, understanding of the process, consideration of

procedures followed and review of the final report. Confirmation of the appropriate reporting is then obtained from the

external auditors as a final procedure.

Internal audit

Considering all of these factors set out in the Internal control and Risk management paragraphs above, the following

assessment statement is presented by Cashbuild’s Internal Audit: “Work performed by the Cashbuild Group Risk

Management Department during the current reporting period (July 2022 to June 2023) supports the assertion that

Cashbuild’s system of internal controls and risk management is effective, and that any serious problem and/or concern

identified by the Group Risk Management Department during performance of its risk management, issues management

and internal audit duties are reported on in the quarterly Audit and Risk Committee Reports”.

On behalf of the Audit and Risk Committee

M Bosman (Mr)

Audit and Risk Committee Chairperson

29 August 2023

97

CASHBUILD INTEGRATED REPORT 2023

letter of representation in terms of their custody

agreement with their CSDP or Broker. Dematerialised shareholders without “own-name” registration who do not wish to

attend but wish to be represented at the Annual General Meeting must advise their CSDP or Broker of their voting

instructions. Dematerialised shareholders without “own-name” registration should contact their CSDP or Broker with regard

to the cut-off time for their voting instructions.

By order of the Board

T Nengovhela

Company Secretary

29 August 2023

171

CASHBUILD INTEGRATED REPORT 2023:

letter of representation in terms of the custody agreement. Such: letter of

representation must be lodged with the Transfer Secretaries before the closing time set out in 8 above or presented at the

Annual General Meeting.

174

ABOUT CASHBUILD

SUSTAINABLE VALUE CREATION

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

GENERAL INFORMATION

ESG REPORT

