managing director, Bruce Turner, lauds the group’s pursuit of genuine

solutions. “We’ve eliminated all unnecessary plastic, and where plastic is necessary,

found alternative products,” he states.

This shift in product formulation has allowed for a triple saving: no single-use plastic,

less water usage, and lighter shipping weight. It is a significant leap that overtakes well-

meaning, albeit more cumbersome, alternatives. Turner asserts, “Together, we took a

risk and chased innovation and continue to do so.”

Additionally, we reduced the need for bottled water by introducing new filtered

hydration stations at our hotels, which provide magnesium-enriched, still and sparkling,

chilled and room temperature water to our guests at no cost. This complements our

initiative to minimise single-use plastic and further enhances our commitment to

sustainability.

The group’s determination to navigate the sustainability path authentically and

innovatively is reshaping the narrative of sustainable hospitality. With these initiatives,

City Lodge Hotels continues demonstrating that genuine commitment and innovative

thinking can drive meaningful change in the sector.

SDG 12

SDG 13

SDG 14

SDG 15

SDG 17

OUR CAPITAL PERFORMANCE

City Lodge Hotels Integrated Annual Report 2023

84:

chairman's approval, ensuring no conflict with the company's

operations or hindrance in performing their duties.

While there is no cap on external roles directors can take, they must consult with the chairman to confirm such roles do not

compromise their commitment to the company.

The chairman confirms that EDs and NEDs have provided adequate time to fulfil their obligations to the company and that

no director has a significant interest in any company contract.

Dealing in securities and insider trading

A policy endorsed by the board governs the trading of company securities by directors, the company secretary, and other group

employees.

This policy covers all directors and staff potentially categorised as insiders for trading purposes and is equally binding on immediate

family members of such persons. Written approval is necessary before these individuals can transact in the company's shares.

GOVERNANCE

City Lodge Hotels Integrated Annual Report 2023

100:

Dear shareholders

On behalf of the remuneration and nominations committee (remcom), I am pleased to present our remcom report for FY23. This

report provides an overview of the work undertaken by the remcom over this period and how it aligns with the company’s strategic

objectives and demonstrates the company’s progress and achievements post what can only be described as the most challenging

three years in the company’s history.

Remuneration remains a key driver for employees and executive management as it rewards the attainment of the company’s

strategic objectives and sustainable and long-term value creation for all stakeholders. Accordingly, it should be implemented fairly

and responsibly, bearing factors such as attraction, retention and motivation in mind with appropriate governance structures in place

to ensure remuneration outcomes are aligned with organisational and personal performance.

This remuneration report conforms to the reporting structure recommended in line with the principles of King IV™ and accordingly

is presented in three parts, as outlined below:

Part 1: Background statement

Part 2: Remuneration policy

Part 3: Implementation report

Our approach to remuneration and

governance, as well as the impact of

company performance on

remuneration

Our remuneration philosophy and

policy, especially as it relates to executive

and non-executive remuneration

How our remuneration policy has been

applied in the past year, including

disclosure of prescribed officer

remuneration

and provides a comprehensive view of our remuneration policy and its application as it relates to exco and senior management.

Parts 2 and 3 will be tabled separately for a non-binding advisory shareholder vote at our Annual General Meeting (AGM) on

23 November 2023.

Operational performance and changes to our remuneration policy

PERFORMANCE AND OUTCOMES FOR FY23

Year on year improvement in trading conditions culminated in an impressive recovery in both occupancies and average room rate

post the Covid-19 pandemic and the significant impact of the lockdown restrictions on the hospitality and tourism industries and

despite the challenges associated with ongoing load shedding, frequent disruptions to essential services and the impact of higher

inflation and interest rates on both the business and our guests the company delivered a solid set of results with revenue increasing

by 55% to R1.7 billion and a doubling in profit after tax of R163.7 million.

This reflection of strong operational performance is a testament to the calibre and resilience of our people.

In line with our remuneration policy, the improved level of performance coupled with our now robust financial position resulted in

the achievement of certain of the FY23 STI criteria and the payment of a short-term incentive.

POLICY CHANGES

No substantial policy changes were effected to the remuneration policy during the year, nor are any contemplated for FY24.

REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE

Remcom assists the board in ensuring that City Lodge Hotels remunerates fairly, responsibly, and transparently. Furthermore, it

oversees the implementation of the remuneration policy and makes recommendations to the board regarding the remuneration

structure and base fees for NEDs for approval by shareholders. In addition to the ongoing engagement with remuneration specialists,

the remcom which comprises the members below met 4 times during FY23 to discharge its responsibilities:

Name

Status

Attendance

Frank Kilbourn

Independent non-executive chairman

4

Andrew Lapping

Independent non-executive

4

Stuart Morris

Independent non-executive

4

Bulelani Ngcuka

Independent non-executive

4

In addition to the NEDs, the CEO is a permanent invitee to committee meetings but does not participate in discussions relating to,

or vote on, his own remuneration.

Our remcom members have the relevant skills, expertise and experience to effectively perform their duties. They are also members

of other key committees, enabling them to monitor risk trends across the group.

We continue to ensure that our remuneration philosophy aligns with our business strategy and shareholder expectations while

delivering competitive and fair outcomes for employees.

113

Introduction

Who we are

Delivering on

our strategy

Our capital

performance

Governance

Notice of Annual

General Meeting:

letter of appointment detailing their remuneration, as

well as a notice period, which is one month for all staff, except for general managers

and head office managers where two months’ notice applies and senior management,

exco and EDs where three months’ notice applies.

Regarding the EDs and exco:

• Save for, in exceptional circumstances,

no sign-on, retention or restraint

payments are made

• Save for in exceptional circumstances

on early termination of employment:

– There is no automatic entitlement

to:

• Bonus

• Share-based payments

– Good leavers will be entitled to:

• Leave pay

• Pro-rated vesting of LTIs, if

applicable

MALUS AND CLAWBACK

All variable pay is subject to malus and

clawback and will be applied as detailed

hereunder if a trigger event is

discovered.

Malus refers to the partial or total

cancellation or lapse of unpaid or

unvested incentives, while clawback

refers to the partial or total recoupment

or repayment of paid or vested

incentives. The application of the trigger

events, detailed below, is within the

discretion of the remcom:

• a material misstatement of the

financial results, resulting in an

adjustment in the audited

consolidated accounts of the

company or the audited accounts of

any member of the group

• the fact that any information used to

determine the quantum of variable

remuneration was based on error or

inaccurate or misleading information

• action, events or conduct (including

omissions) of a participant which, in

the board's reasonable opinion,

amounts to grounds for termination

of employment for gross misconduct

or negligence, dishonesty or fraud.

This includes conduct that led to or is

likely to lead to significant

reputational or financial harm to the

group, censure of any company within

the group or the group as a whole by

a regulatory authority, material failure

to oversee or supervise other

employees, or breach of any material

obligations owed to the group,

including the group’s code of conduct,

ethics, or risk policies

• the discovery that the assessment of

any performance metric or criteria in

respect of the determination of

variable remuneration or the vesting

thereof was based on error or

inaccurate or misleading information

• the discovery that any information

used in the decision to grant variable

remuneration or determine the

quantum thereof was erroneous,

GOVERNANCE

City Lodge Hotels Integrated Annual Report 2023

126:

Dear stakeholders

I am pleased to present the social and ethics committee (SEC)

report for the year ended 30 June 2023, outlining how the

committee discharged its responsibilities as set out in section

72 of the Companies Act, Regulation 43 of the Companies

Regulations issued in terms of the Companies Act and its terms

of reference.

City Lodge Hotels is committed to conducting its business:

• Ethically

• Within the framework of applicable laws, regulations,

non-binding rules and recognised codes of good practice

Our commitment to ethics is driven by the board and capably

supported by management.

The code of ethics and business conduct (the code), made

available upon induction and found on the group’s website,

www.citylodgehotels.com, applies to all directors and employees

and holds them to the highest standards of ethical conduct.

Ongoing awareness around ethics promotes a better

understanding of what are considered acceptable values and

behaviour and how they contribute to the group’s ethical

standing, reputation and integrity.

The group has a zero-tolerance approach to code violations and

responds to contraventions through various measures,

including disciplinary, civil and/or criminal action, and effecting

improvements to the control environment.

In addition to the internal reporting mechanisms that are in

place, there are the following facilities:

• A 24-hour toll-free tip-off anonymous alert line managed by

Whistle Blower Proprietary Limited

• Secure email

• WhatsApp

• SMS

• Mail

• Fax,

through which stakeholders can anonymously and

confidentially report purported unethical or corrupt behaviour.

Details of the service are available on the group’s website,

www.citylodgehotels.com.

In total, 22 calls were logged during the year under review, five

of which were duplicates which related to the same issue at a

specific hotel. All calls were investigated, and the majority were

found to be internal grievances, which were dealt with following

the group’s internal grievance procedure. Two calls lead to

disciplinary hearings, one being a disciplinary meeting and the

other a disciplinary hearing involving one employee.

Of the remaining calls, none indicated a material breach in the

required standard of ethical behaviour. However, where the

investigations highlighted the need to review and/or revise

certain policies and/or procedures, this was done, and revisions

were implemented where appropriate.

Composition

The SEC is constituted as a statutory committee of the board in

terms of its responsibilities in terms of s 72(4) of the Companies

Act and regulation 44 of the Companies Regulations and as a

committee of the board in respect of its social and ethical

responsibilities.

It also performs the requisite statutory functions on behalf of

the group subsidiary companies, thus ensuring alignment and

consistent application of our ethics practices.

The committee comprises one independent NED who serves as

chairperson and two EDs. Executives whose areas of discipline

fall within the remit of the SEC assist the committee in the

discharge of its responsibilities, either through attendance at

meetings to ensure the appropriate feedback is provided or to

allow for debate on matters put forward to the committee or

through the provision of the requisite material for consideration

at meetings.

While the committee complies with the Companies Act’s

requirements regarding its constitution, it does not meet the

King IVTM recommendation for a majority of the committee

members to be non-executive directors. Future committee

composition remains under review by the remcom. No changes

were effected to the SEC’s composition during the year under

review.

Role and responsibilities

The SEC operates in accordance with a board-approved

mandate, and its statutory duties and other delegated

responsibilities include:

• Monitoring the group’s social, economic, labour and

employment and ESG activities and reporting on the

progress made in respect thereof to the board and

stakeholders

• Assessing aspects of compliance and governance applicable

to its function and terms of reference

• Ensuring the company remains a responsible corporate

citizen that engages in sustainable business practices

• Overseeing the group’s ethics practices

Management assists the committee in the discharge of its

duties by reporting on the group’s:

• Corporate citizenship, including:

– the company’s promotion of equality, prevention of unfair

discrimination and reduction of corruption

– contribution to development of the communities in which

its activities are predominantly conducted or within which

its products or services are predominantly marketed; and

– sponsorship, donations and charitable giving

• Environmental, health and safety initiatives and the impact

of the company’s activities and services

• Consumer relationships and sales and marketing initiatives

• Labour and employment activities, including decent work

and working conditions, employment relationships (fair and

transparent labour practices), our contribution towards the

educational development of our employees and the

promotion of equality and prevention of unfair discrimination

in the workplace

135

Introduction

Who we are

Delivering on

our strategy

Our capital

performance

Governance

Notice of Annual

General Meeting:

letter of representation in accordance with the relevant custody agreement.

Dematerialised shareholders without “own-name” registration who do not wish to attend the AGM but wish to be represented at

the AGM must advise their CSDP or broker of their voting instructions. Such shareholders should contact their CSDP or broker with

regard to the cut-off time for their voting instructions.

Voting will take place by way of a poll and accordingly every shareholder present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote, will have

one vote in respect of each share held.

As stated above, participation in the AGM will also be via electronic communication and shareholders wishing to attend the AGM via

electronic means must follow the instructions for registration, attendance and participation set out below. The electronic platform

used to host the AGM accords with the provisions of section 63(2)(a) of the Companies Act and the company’s MOI.

How to participate in the AGM?

City Lodge is pleased to offer the Lumi Platform for shareholders that wish to participate and vote online/virtually during the AGM as

well as in-room electronic voting devices for shareholders that wish to participate and vote in-room.

STEP 1: REGISTRATION TO ATTEND THE AGM

1) Registering online

1.1 register online using the online registration portal at www.lumiconnect.com; or

1.2 apply to Computershare, by delivering the duly completed Form to:

Computershare Investor Services (Pty) Ltd, Rosebank Towers, First Floor, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank 2196, or posting it

to Private Bag x9000, Saxonwold, 2132 (at the risk of the Participant), or by email to proxy@computershare.co.za so as to be

received by Computershare by no later than 14:00 on Tuesday, 21 November 2023. Computershare will first validate such

requests and confirm the identity of the shareholder in terms of section 63(1) of the Companies Act, and, if the request is

validated, further details on using the electronic communication facility will be provided. However, this will not in any way

affect the rights of shareholders to register for electronic participation at the AGM after this date, provided, however, that

only those shareholders who are fully verified (as required in terms of section 63(1) of the Companies Act) and subsequently

registered at the commencement of the AGM, will be allowed to participate in and/or vote by electronic means.

Shareholders attending via electronic communication will be required to connect to the AGM through the Lumi website by following

the steps set out at www.smartagm.co.za/www.lumiconnect.com by selecting the applicable meeting and clicking on the City Lodge

Hotels Limited logo.

Lumi will inform shareholders who registered online by no later than 14:00 on Wednesday, 22 November 2023 by email of the

relevant details through which shareholders can participate electronically.

145

Introduction

Who we are

Delivering on

our strategy

Our capital

performance

Governance

Notice of Annual

General Meeting:

letter of representation or if they are

not able to be verified by the Transfer Secretaries by the time specified above, will receive guest status.

STEP 3: QUESTIONS

Shareholders are encouraged to submit any questions concerning the resolutions proposed as set out in this notice of AGM in

advance of the AGM by emailing their questions to the company secretary at mvanheerden@citylodgehotels.com by no later than

12:00 on Tuesday, 21 November 2023. These questions will be addressed at the AGM. The submission of questions in advance will,

however, not preclude a shareholder from asking a question at the AGM either in person or via electronic communication.

Please note:

• Notwithstanding the foregoing, any shareholder who wishes to attend the AGM is entitled to contact Computershare

at proxy@computershare.co.za at any time prior to the conclusion of the AGM, in order to be verified and provided with access to

the Lumi Platform. In order to avoid any delays in being provided with access to the Lumi Platform shareholders are encouraged

to contact Computershare at their earliest convenience.

• Shareholders will be liable for their own network and data charges.

• Neither City Lodge, Computershare and/or Lumi, their appointed service provider will be held accountable in the case of the loss

of network connectivity or network failure due to insufficient airtime/internet connectivity/power outages/electronic participation

channel malfunction which could prevent a shareholder from participating in the AGM.

City Lodge Hotels Integrated Annual Report 2023

146:

letter and disclosed in the remuneration report.

Vesting period

The conditional shares will vest at the end of a three-year performance period and may be subject

to a further holding period and such disclosed in the remuneration report.

Settlement and

settlement method

Prior to procuring the settlement of vested awards, the remuneration and nominations committee

shall consider the overall affordability to the group.

In order to allow for flexibility and to hedge against the risk of significant movement in the share price

a number of settlement methods are available for use at the remuneration and nominations

committee’s discretion:

10.3.1 market purchase of shares; or

10.3.2 use of treasury shares; or

10.3.3 issue of shares.

No consideration will be payable by a participant in respect of the vesting of an award.

In the determination of the number of shares which may be acquired by or settled to participants,

shares acquired on the open market shall not be counted towards the overall limit referred to above.

Malus

Unvested awards may be reduced or cancelled resulting in forfeiture should a trigger event occur

between the award and settlement date.

Clawback

The participant will be required to pay-back, in full or in part, the pre-tax market value of the shares

as determined on the vesting date, if a trigger event is discovered subsequent to the end of the

vesting period.

Insofar as holding periods may apply, a portion or all of the vested shares of the participant will be

recovered if a trigger event is discovered after the vesting date

Termination of

employment

Participants terminating employment prior to the vesting date of a particular award will be classified

as a good or bad leaver.

Bad leavers will forfeit all awards on the date of termination of employment.

In the case of good leavers, a pro rata portion of all unvested awards will vest on the date of

termination of employment. The pro rata portion will reflect the number of months served since

the date of grant and the extent to which the performance conditions (if any) have been met.

The balance of the awards will lapse.

151

Introduction

Who we are

Delivering on

our strategy

Our capital

performance

Governance

Notice of Annual

General Meeting:

