letter of appointment

that is given to each director on appointment.

METAIR INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023:

letter and in spirit

• The strategic and annual internal audit plans are risk based

and provide the level of coverage and assurance required by

management and the audit and risk committee

• Individual projects are appropriately staffed at director and

manager level

• The scope of the project is appropriately determined and

communicated

• The reporting deadlines and standards are consistently met

• Internal quality assurance is performed by the manager and

director on the assignment to ensure that the deliverable is of

an exceptional standard, meets the requirements of the scope: letter and the approved internal audit plan

• The director and manager’s responsibilities include monitoring

that the turnaround time for issuing reports is met

• The committee has a good working relationship with KPMG

Technology and information governance

In terms of King IV, the committee exercises oversight over

technology and information governance.

The committee received reports on the group’s digital

transformation as well as the impact of cyber risk on information

technology performance to support strategy execution.

Further details on technology information and governance are

included on page 54 of the report.

METAIR INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023

Managing director

merSETA

Manufacturing, Engineering and Related Services SETA

MIB

Metair International Battery Metair’s battery marketing

organisation

MOI

Memorandum of Incorporation

MWh

Megawatt hours

NAACAM

National Association of Automotive Component and

Allied Manufacturers of South Africa

NAAMSA

National Association of Automobile Manufacturers

South Africa

NAV

Net asset value

NCI

Non-controlling interest

NEV

New energy vehicle

OE

Original Equipment

OEM

Original Equipment Manufacturer

OHSAS

Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series

PBIT

Profit before interest and tax

PDI

Previously disadvantaged individuals

PHW

Person-hours worked

POPIA

Protection of Personal Information Act

PPE

Personal protective equipment

RCF

Revolving Credit Facility

ROE

Return on equity

ROIC

Return on invested capital

SABMA

South African Battery Manufacturers Association

SABS

South African Bureau of Standards

SAICA

South African Institute of Chartered Accountants

SANS

South African National Accreditation System

SED

Socio-economic development

SENS

Stock Exchange News Service

SETA

Sector Education and Training Authority –

Skills development institutions established by the Skills

Development Act in South Africa

SHE

Safety, health and environment

STEM

Science, technology, engineering, maths

STIP

Short-term incentive plan

TCFD

Taskforce for Climate-related Financial Disclosure

TL

Turkish Lira

TSR

Total shareholders return

TWIMS

Toyota Wessels Institute for Manufacturing Studies

UIF

Unemployment Insurance Fund

UWC

University of the Western Cape

VCA

Vehicle Certification Agency

VCT

Voluntary counselling and testing

WACC

Weighted average cost of capital

METAIR INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023:

letter of support to Metair Management Services (Pty) Ltd and historically subordinated claims against

Automould (Pty) Ltd (refer to note 23). The company also guaranteed funding provided to Hesto in favour of Standard Bank and

Yazaki Corporation (refer to note 10). The RCF facilities available to SA subsidiaries (refer to note 14) is guaranteed by certain

group subsidiaries (‘cross-guarantees’).

During 2022, the group advanced a shareholder’s loan for R187 250 000 to Hesto. The loan is unsecured with a maturity date of

30 May 2025. Interest is charged at prime rates. A loss allowance of R5.4 million (2022: R5.1 million) is recognised for

impairment.

Information on emoluments paid to executive and non-executive directors have been presented in note 3. Employees fulfilling the

role of key management are all appointed to the board of directors.

Information on investments in subsidiaries and associates, including loan advances are presented in notes 9 and 10. Information

on loans granted to subsidiaries has been presented in note 9. Dividends from subsidiaries has been presented in note 3.

Directors’ shareholding and share incentives granted have been presented in note 26.

Information on the Metair Investments Limited 2009 Share Plan can be found in note 26. The share-based payment credit for key

management amounted to R6.9 million (2022: R6.1 million expense).

Information on the Metair group Pension Scheme can be found in note 22.3. Information on shareholding of the company is

available on the shareholder’s analysis included in the integrated annual report.

Transactions that are eliminated intra-group for consolidation purposes are not included.

METAIR INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023:

managing director of

Robertson and Caine Proprietary Limited and has a wealth of

experience in the automotive industry, gained through various

senior roles, including, inter alia, project director at Jaguar Land

Rover U.K, vice president at BMW Group and plant coordinator of

Metalsa South Africa.

He was appointed as an independent non-executive director of

Metair and a member of the investment committee with effect

from 1 May 2021. Mr Giliam also serves as a member of the

remuneration and nominations committee.

ORDINARY RESOLUTION NUMBER 2

Resolved that Ms N Medupe, who retires in terms of the provisions

of the company’s MOI, but being eligible and has offered herself for

re-election, be and is hereby re-elected as a director of the company.

N Medupe

Independent non-executive director

Age: 53

Qualifications: B.Com of Accountancy, Postgraduate diploma in

Accountancy, Certificate in Sustainability Leadership and Corporate

Governance, CA(SA)

Nationality: South African

Ms Medupe is a qualified Chartered Accountant (South Africa) and

holds a Bachelor of Accountancy from the University of Durban

Westville, a postgraduate diploma in Accountancy from the University

of KwaZulu-Natal and a certificate in Sustainability Leadership and

Corporate Governance from the London Business School.

Ms Medupe has over 29 years of professional experience, while

her non-executive director experience is 15 years. She serves on

boards that include Alexander Forbes Group Holdings Limited, City

Lodge Hotels Limited and Exxaro Resources Limited. She also

has experience chairing committees such as audit and risk, social

and ethics and remuneration. Ms Medupe has served in numerous

executive roles including her current role as chief executive officer

of Indyebo Incorporated, chief operating officer of Nedbank Group

Internal Audit, as well as a Partner in other audit firms.

Ms Medupe was appointed as an independent non-executive

director of the company and chairperson of the audit and risk

committee with effect from 13 June 2023.

ORDINARY RESOLUTION NUMBER 3

Resolved that Ms AK Sithebe, who retires in terms of the provisions

of the company’s MOI, but being eligible and has offered herself for

re-election, be and is hereby re-elected as a director of the company.

AK Sithebe

Independent non-executive director

Age: 41

Qualifications: B.Com Accounting (Honours), CA(SA), MBA

Nationality: South African

Ms Sithebe is a private equity practitioner with extensive experience

in mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and corporate finance garnered

from a wide range of businesses primarily in the industrials value

chain. She began her career with EY where she trained to qualify

as a CA(SA) after which she established an accounting and audit

practice named Kamva Advisory & Associates Inc. from 2008 to

2011. Ms Sithebe later went on to join the Industrial Development

Corporation of South Africa (IDC) where she was a Senior

Dealmaker. Ms Sithebe later held the role of Principal at African

Phoenix Investments Limited which was a JSE listed mid-market

focused private equity investment firm. Ms Sithebe is currently: Managing

Managing Director of Richards Bay Minerals.

He previously held leadership, operational and technical roles

at Anglo American (Kumba Iron Ore), the De Beers Group and

AngloGold Ashanti. Mr Mawasha is passionate about education and

the development of others. He is a member of the Witwatersrand

University Mining Advisory Council. In 2017, he was selected as a

Young Global Leader of the World Economic Forum. Mr Mawasha

was appointed to the Metair board and the audit and risk committee

on 1 March 2018. On 2 May 2019, he was appointed as chairman

of the investment committee. He was then appointed as the lead

independent non-executive director on 15 February 2023.

He is a certified director with the Institute of directors of Southern

Africa and a member of the South African Institute of Electrical

Engineers.

REMUNERATION POLICY

7. Ordinary non-binding advisory resolution number 9

Resolved as an ordinary non-binding advisory resolution that the

company’s remuneration policy, as set out in the remuneration

report contained in the integrated annual report (refer to page 66 of

the integrated annual report) be and is hereby endorsed through a

non-binding advisory vote.

REMUNERATION IMPLEMENTATION REPORT

8. Ordinary non-binding advisory resolution number 10

Resolved as an ordinary non-binding advisory resolution that the

company’s remuneration implementation report, as set out in the

remuneration report contained in the integrated annual report

(refer to page 170 of the integrated annual report) be and is hereby

endorsed through a non-binding advisory vote.

The reason for the above resolutions being proposed through

a separate non-binding advisory vote is due to it being a

recommended practice in terms of the King IV and a requirement

of the JSE Listings Requirements, which is in line with sound

corporate governance.

The non-binding resolutions are of an advisory nature only

and failure to pass these resolutions will therefore not have any legal

or other consequences relating to existing arrangements. However,

the board will take the outcome of the votes into consideration

when considering future implementation of the company’s

remuneration report.

METAIR INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023:

