letter from the Chairman

of the Social, Ethics and Sustainability (SES) Committee.

Preparation and frameworks

Frameworks applied and/or considered:

• King IV.

• Global Reporting Initiatives (GRI) Standards.

• JSE Sustainability Disclosure Guidance.

• TCFD.

• UN SDGs.

Assurance

Independent limited assurance is provided on selected non-financial information

contained within the ESG report.

Audited consolidated and separate annual financial statements

Online as PDF

The audited consolidated and separate annual financial statements for the year ended

30 June 2023, including the report of the Audit and Risk Committee (ARC).

Preparation and frameworks

Prepared in accordance with:

• The International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and its interpretations

adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

• The South African Institute of Chartered Accountants (SAICA) Financial Reporting

Guides issued by the Accounting Practices Committee.

• Financial Reporting Pronouncements issued by the Financial Reporting Standards

Council (FRSC).

• Companies Act.

• JSE Listings Requirements.

Assurance

Assurance is provided on the fair presentation of the consolidated and separate

annual financial statements in accordance with IFRS and the requirements of the

Companies Act.

Shareholders report and notice of 2023 annual general meeting

Online as PDF

Includes an invitation to shareholders to attend Motus’ 2023 annual general meeting

(AGM), and provides shareholders who want to attend the AGM with the information

they need, such as the notice of AGM, extracts of the summarised financial information

and an analysis of shareholding.

Key company information

Motus Holdings Limited

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa

Registration number: 2017/451730/06

ISIN: ZAE000261913

JSE Main Board: Specialty retailers

Listing date: 22 November 2018

Share code: MTH

(Motus or the Group)

Feedback

We value feedback from our stakeholders

and use it to ensure that we are reporting

appropriately on the issues that are most

relevant to them. Please take the time

to give us your feedback on this report.

Email: MotusIR@motus.co.za.

Detailed online

information

Stakeholders can access the

Group’s interim and annual

financial results announcements

and presentations at

https://www.motus.co.za/

investors/ or scan the QR code

alongside to be taken there directly.

* King IV Report on Corporate Governance for

South Africa, also known as King IV. Copyright

and trademarks are owned by the Institute

of Directors in Southern Africa NPC and all

of its rights are reserved.

Navigating our reports

The following icons refer readers

to information elsewhere in this report

or additional reports online.

Information in this report.

Information online (corporate website).

Information in our suite of reports.

Home to contents

Previous page

Print

Next page

This report is an interactive PDF. It is best

viewed in Adobe Acrobat for desktop, mobile or

tablet.

Icons to navigate in this report are located

at the top right hand side of each page

and within the report.

Note that signatures are not included

for security purposes.:

Managing Director of

Mitsubishi Motors South Africa since

2021. Thato currently serves as the

Vice President: Retailing OEMs and

a member of the Project Oversight

Committee at naamsa.

Thato

Magasa

34

Chief Operating Officer

(COO) – Aftermarket Parts

BCom, MBS

Niall has been with the Group for

13 years, during which he has

served in various franchise director

positions within the Retail and

Rental business segment. He was

the: Managing

Message from the Chairman of the board to shareholders

On behalf of the board of directors of Motus Holdings Limited, you are invited to attend the 2023 annual general meeting

(AGM) of shareholders of the company to be held at 08:30 (CAT) on Wednesday, 8 November 2023, at Motus Mercedes

Benz Sandton dealership, 90 Rivonia Road, Sandton, Gauteng and participation by way of a teleconference call (electronic

participation).

Shareholders wishing to participate in the AGM will need to register by the latest at 08:30 (CAT) on Tuesday, 7 November 2023.

A teleconference call meeting guide for participants or shareholders who wish to exercise this option is included in the notice

of AGM.

The AGM provides the board with the opportunity to present the Group’s performance for the year ended 30 June 2023 to

the company’s shareholders. The Chairs of the various board subcommittees, certain senior members of management, the

Sponsor and the Group’s external auditors will be present to engage with shareholders should the need arise.

The notice of the meeting and explanatory notes, which accompany this message, set out the proposed resolutions

and effects thereof. In accordance with section 31(1) of the Companies Act, you are notified that the 2023 Motus Holdings

integrated report, ESG report, audited consolidated and separate annual financial statements, and separate shareholders report

and notice of 2023 AGM are available on the Motus website at

https://www.motus.co.za/investors/integrated-reports/

as of 29 September 2023. Should you wish to receive a printed copy of our 2023 integrated report, ESG report, the audited

consolidated and separate annual financial statements or the separate shareholders report and notice of 2023 AGM, you may

request these from the Motus Company Secretary at nsimelane@motus.co.za.

The company has retained the services of The Meetings Specialists Proprietary Limited (TMS) to host the AGM, to facilitate

participation and voting by shareholders.

We request that shareholders send their proxies and/or their letters of representation to TMS at proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za

by no later than 08:30 (CAT) on Tuesday, 7 November 2023, to allow time for the tallying of votes and completion of

the administrative processes relating to the meeting. Forms of proxy or letters of representation submitted on the

day of the AGM must be emailed simultaneously to TMS at proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za and the Motus Company Secretary

at nsimelane@motus.co.za prior to the commencement of the AGM, before any proxy seeks to exercise any right granted

to it.

Further details for the form of proxy submission are contained on

page 221 and in the notes to the form of proxy on

page 223. I look forward to your attendance and participation in the meeting.

Yours sincerely,

JJ Njeke

Chairman

27 September 2023

Notice of annual general meeting

Motus Holdings Limited Integrated Report 2023

208:

letter of representation to attend the meeting as stipulated in the agreement

with their CSDP or broker.

Please note that shareholders or their proxies will not be entitled to exercise voting rights at the meeting by way

of teleconference call. Neither the company nor TMS can be held liable in the case of loss of network connectivity

or network failure due to insufficient airtime/internet connectivity/power outages, which would prevent you from

participating in the meeting.

Motus Holdings Limited Integrated Report 2023

213

Additional information:

letter of representation to them. This must be done in terms of the custody

agreement entered into between such dematerialised shareholders and their CSDP or broker.

By order of the board

NE Simelane

Company Secretary

27 September 2023

Motus Holdings Limited Integrated Report 2023

214:

letter of representation to attend or be represented at

the AGM and vote. If they do not wish to attend or be represented at the AGM, they must provide their CSDP or broker with their

voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker. In the absence

of such instructions, the CSDP or broker or proxy holder will be entitled to vote in accordance with the instructions contained in the

custody agreement mandate between them and their CSDP or broker or as they deem fit. These shareholders must not use this form

of proxy.

I/We (please print name in full):

of address

Telephone number

Cellphone number

Being an ordinary shareholder(s) of the company holding

ordinary shares in the company do hereby appoint

1

or failing him/her

2

or failing him/her

Number of votes (one per share)

For

Against

Abstain

1.

Ordinary resolution 1 – Election of retiring non-executive directors

Ordinary resolution 1.1: To elect Ms. MG Mokoka, who is retiring by rotation in accordance

with clause 23.4.1.1 of the company’s Memorandum of Incorporation (MOI), as an

independent non-executive director of the company as contemplated in section 68(2)(a)

of the Companies Act.

Ordinary resolution 1.2: To elect Mr. JN Potgieter, who is retiring by rotation in accordance

with clause 23.4.1.1 of the company’s MOI, as an independent non-executive director of

the company as contemplated in section 68(2)(a) of the Companies Act.

Ordinary resolution 1.3: To elect Mr. R van Wyk, who is retiring by rotation in accordance

with clause 23.4.1.1 of the company’s MOI, as an independent non-executive director of

the company as contemplated in section 68(2)(a) of the Companies Act.

2.

Ordinary resolution 2 – Election of the members of the Audit and Risk Committee

To re-elect/elect by way of separate divisible resolutions the following independent

non-executive directors as the Audit and Risk committee members.

Ordinary resolution 2.1 – Mr. S Mayet

Ordinary resolution 2.2 – Ms. MG Mokoka (subject to being appointed in accordance with

resolution 1.1 above)

Ordinary resolution 2.3 – Mr JN Potgieter (subject to being appointed in accordance with

resolution 1.2 above)

Ordinary resolution 2.4 – Ms. F Roji

3.

Ordinary resolution 3 – Appointment of external auditors:

To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. (PwC), as the Group’s independent external

auditors, with Mr. Thomas Howatt (IRBA number: 721751) as designated audit partner.

4.

Ordinary resolution 4 – Authority to issue ordinary shares:

To approve that the authorised but unissued ordinary shares be and are hereby placed

under the control of the directors by way of a general authority that shall remain valid until

the next AGM and the directors authorised, to allot and issue those shares at their discretion.

5.

Ordinary resolution 5 – Confirmation of the Group’s remuneration policy:

To endorse, by way of a non-binding advisory vote, the Group’s remuneration policy

(excluding the remuneration of the non-executive directors for their services as directors

and members of committees).

Form of proxy

Motus Holdings Limited Integrated Report 2023

221

Additional information:

