Dear stakeholders

2023 was a year of fundamental change

regarding the fortunes of the company for

the better. Nampak was faced with a number

of challenges, including:

› an over-geared balance sheet;

› an expense base that was too high;

› a loss of shareholder confidence;

› an organisational structure that was no longer

suitable; and

› the drag of non-South African operations.

An initial plan to launch a rights offer to help reduce

debt did not receive sufficient support from new and

existing shareholders. Following discussions with our

shareholders, the rights offer was withdrawn and

the proposal was revamped following the welcome

recommendation to appoint three new directors.

The three new non-executive directors were Andre

van der Veen, Tjaart Kruger and Phil Roux. Phil was

later appointed CEO following the resignation of

Erik Smuts.

At this point, the interest of and constructive

recommendations from shareholders was a tonic

which proved to be most beneficial to the company.

Shareholder activism of this nature is to be commended

and I would hope that shareholders in the broader

community will become equally active where necessary.

The process of re-financing Nampak’s debt, including

a re-purposed rights offer, began in earnest in March.

There followed an intensive period for the board and

the company, culminating in a new and revised debt

package from the lenders and a successful rights

offer. The latter was well oversubscribed and was

achieved without any underwrite from the lenders.

Peter Surgey

Chairman

Nampak Ltd Integrated Report 2023

28

Chairman’s

review:

managing director of Plascon and chief executive officer of

Barloworld Coatings from 1992 to 2003. From 1995 to 2008 he was a director

of Barloworld Ltd. He has previously been a director of Control Instruments

(Pty) Ltd and NCS Resins (Pty) Ltd, where he also served on the remuneration

and audit committees. He served as a trustee for 14 years on The President’s

Award – The Duke of Edinburgh’s International Award. He is currently

chairman of Eazi Access Rentals (Pty) Ltd and Autozone Investments (Pty)

Ltd (both Ethos Fund V1 Companies).

Experience and expertise:

Strategic leadership; Sales, marketing and customer perspectives;

Manufacturing, production and commodities; Economic, finance and

corporate structuring; People management, reward and remuneration;

Entrepreneurship; Governance in a complex corporate environment and

international experience, including rest of Africa.

N

Phil Roux (58)

Chief Executive Officer

Qualifications: B Comm (Hons); MBA

Appointment dates: 15 March 2023 (independent non-executive director)

20 April 2023 (interim CEO) 13 August 2023 (CEO)

Mr Roux has 32 years’ experience in the FMCG sector having held numerous

execu tive positions inclusive of CEO, executive and non-executive director.

Mr. Roux previously held board positions as an executive and/or non-executive

director at Pioneer Foods (CEO), Tiger Brands, Oceana, Sea Harvest,

Dairybelle, Langeberg and Ashton Foods. As the CEO of Adcorp Limited,

he was instrumental in the turnaround of the organisation.

Experience and expertise:

Strategic leadership; Manufacturing, production and commodities;

Risk and information technology management; Economic finance and

corporate structuring; Legal, regulatory and JSE requirements; People

management, reward and remuneration; Entrepreneurship; Governance

in a complex corporate environment and International experience,

including rest of Africa.

S

A

Nampak Ltd Integrated Report 2023

58

Our board of directors:

managing director of a consulting and corporate finance

advisory business, Lynshpin Cedar, as well as co-founder and an executive

director of an investment holding business, MCorp Investments. She is currently

a non-executive director of African Rainbow Minerals Limited, Super Group

Limited and Methodist Homes for the Aged NPO.

Experience and expertise:

Strategic leadership; Manufacturing, production and commodities; Risk and

information technology management; Economic finances and corporate

structuring; Legal, regulatory and JSE requirements; People management,

reward and remuneration; Socio-economic development and sustainability;

Entrepreneurship; and Governance in a complex corporate environment.

S

A

Clifford Raphiri (60)

Independent Non-executive Director

Qualifications: PGDip Mechanical Engineering; BSc (Hons) Mechanical

Engineering; MBA

Appointment date: 1 March 2019

Mr Raphiri is a senior executive with deep proven, operational and strategic

experience gained as a director of a listed blue-chip company for many

years. He was the Manufacturing and Technical Director of South African

Breweries and served as chairman of Adcock Ingram Holdings. He also serves

as a non-executive director of Murray & Roberts Holdings, Energy Partners

Holdings and Growthpoint Properties Limited.

Experience and expertise:

Strategic leadership; Manufacturing, production and commodities; Risk and

information technology management; Economic, finance and corporate

structuring; Legal, regulatory and JSE requirements; People management,

reward and remuneration; Socioeconomic development and sustainability;

Governance in a complex corporate environment.

S

N

Zukie Siyotula (39)

Independent Non-executive Director

Qualifications: CA(SA); ACMA; BAcc

Appointment date: 1 October 2023

Ms Siyotula’s diverse professional experience ranges from general management,

finance, corporate governance, strategy, restructuring, business development,

through to sales and distribution. Ms Siyotula currently serves as a non-executive

director on various boards in the listed, unlisted, and public sectors, namely York

Timber Holdings Limited, Toyota Financial Services (South Africa) Limited, African

Bank Limited, Airports Company South Africa SOC Limited and Ogilvy South

Africa Holdings (Pty) Ltd.

Experience and expertise:

Strategic leadership; Sales, marketing and customer perspectives; Manufacturing,

production and commodities; Risk and information technology management;

Economic finance and corporate structuring; Legal, regulatory and JSE

requirements; People management, reward and remuneration; Socio-economic

development and sustainability; Entrepreneurship; Governance in a complex

corporate environment and International experience, including rest of Africa.

A

Nampak Ltd Integrated Report 2023

59:

letter of authority

to you.

7. If you have disposed of all of your Nampak

securities, this document should be handed to

the purchaser of such securities or to the broker,

CSDP, banker, attorney, accountant or other

person through whom the disposal was effected.

8. If you are in any doubt as to what action you

should take arising from this document, please

immediately consult your broker, CSDP, banker,

attorney, accountant or other appropriate

professional advisor.

9. The Company does not accept responsibility

and will not be liable for any failure on the part

of the broker, CSD Participant, banker, attorney,

accountant or other appropriate professional

advisor of any holder of dematerialised securities

to notify the holder thereof of the contents of

this document.

Electronic participation

10. In accordance with sections 61(10) and 63(3) of

the Companies Act, you or your proxy(ies), may

participate in the annual general meeting by

electronic means. Teleconference facilities will be

available for this purpose, and may be accessed

at your cost, for the duration of the annual

general meeting, subject to the arrangements

in respect of identification and practicality as

referred to below:

(i) In order for Nampak to arrange

teleconferencing, holders must deliver

written notice to Computershare Investor

Services (Pty) Limited by no later than 14:00

on Tuesday, 13 February 2024 to indicate

that they wish to participate by means of

electronic communication at the annual

general meeting.

(ii) written notice referred to above must contain:

› a certified copy of your or your proxy’s(ies’)

South African identity document(s) or

passport if you or your proxy(ies) is an

individual;

› a certified copy of a resolution or: letter

of representation/proxy given by you if you

are a company or other juristic person and

a certified copy of the identity documents

or passports of the persons who passed

the relevant resolution. The authorising

resolution must set out who is authorised

to represent you at the annual general

meeting by means of teleconference

facilities if you are a company or

other juristic person; and

› your valid email address and/or facsimile

number and/or telephone number.

(iii) The company shall notify you, if you have

delivered a valid written notice, by no later

than 24 (twenty four) hours before the

annual general meeting of the relevant dial-in

details as well as the passcode through which

you or your proxy(ies) can participate via the

teleconference facilities and of the process

for participation.

11. Voting while participating in the annual general

meeting by way of electronic communication

will not be possible via electronic facilities and

shareholders wishing to vote their shares will

need to be represented at the meeting either

in person, by proxy or by letter of representation,

as provided for in the notice of the meeting.

12. Should you or your proxy(ies) wish to participate

in the annual general meeting by way of electronic

communication as aforesaid, you or your proxy(ies)

will be required to dial in with the details provided

by the company as referred to above by not later

than 15 minutes prior to the commencement of

the annual general meeting, during which time

registration will take place.

Nampak Ltd Integrated Report 2023

98

Notes to the notice of annual general meeting continued

letter of representation to attend the annual general

meeting, or if you do not wish to attend, provide your CSDP with your voting instructions in terms of your custody agreement

entered into with them.

I/We

(full names in BLOCK LETTERS please) of

(address)

telephone (work)

(home)

cellphone number

email address

being the holder(s) of

shares in the Company, hereby appoint (see note 2):

1.

or failing him/her

2. the chairman of the meeting as my/our proxy to attend, participate in and speak and, on a poll, to vote or abstain from voting

on my/our behalf at the annual general meeting of the Company to be held at the Terraces at the Vineyard Hotel, 60 Colinton

Road, Newlands, Cape Town, 7700 on Thursday, 15 February 2024 at 14:00 or at any adjournment thereof as follows:

Number of voting rights

Insert an “x” or the number of voting rights held in the Company (see note 3)

For

Against Abstain

3. Re-election of retiring directors

3.1 Ordinary resolution number 1: KW Mzondeki

4. Election of new directors

4.1 Ordinary resolution number 2: A van der Veen

4.2 Ordinary resolution number 3: PM Roux

4.2 Ordinary resolution number 4: PJ Mnisi

4.2 Ordinary resolution number 5: N Siyotula

5. Ordinary resolution number 6: Appointment of external auditors

6. Appointment of members of the Audit and Risk Committee

6.1 Ordinary resolution number 7: Appointment of N Khan

6.2 Ordinary resolution number 8: Appointment of KW Mzondeki

6.3 Ordinary resolution number 9: Appointment of SP Ridley

6.4 Ordinary resolution number 10: Appointment of PJ Mnisi

6.5 Ordinary resolution number 11: Appointment of N Siyotula

7. Non-binding advisory vote: Remuneration policy of the Company

8. Non-binding advisory vote: Implementation report of the Company’s remuneration policy

9. Ordinary resolution number 12: Approval of general issue of shares for cash

10. Special resolution number 1: Approval of non-executive directors’ remuneration

11. Financial assistance

11.1 Special resolution number 2: authority to the Company to provide financial assistance in terms of section 45

of the Companies Act

11.2 Special resolution number 3: authority to the Company to provide financial assistance in terms of section 44

of the Companies Act

12. Special resolution number 4: General authority to repurchase the Company’s ordinary shares

13. Special resolution number 5: Company acquiring the Company’s shares from a director or prescribed officer

My/our proxy/ies may (subject to any restriction set out herein)/may not delegate the proxies authority to act on behalf of me/

us to another person (delete as appropriate). This form of proxy will lapse and cease to be of force and effect immediately after

the annual general meeting of the Company to be held at the Terraces at the Vineyard Hotel, 60 Colinton Road, Newlands, Cape

Town, 7700 on 15 February 2024 at 14:00 or any adjournment(s) thereof, unless it is revoked earlier.

Signed at

on

20

Signature

Nampak Ltd Integrated Report 2023

99

Form of proxy

For the 56th annual general meeting

Nampak Limited (“Nampak” or “the Company”)

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa | Registration number: 1968/008070/06 | Share code: NPK | ISIN: ZAE000322095:

