Managing director’s and financial

director’s responsibility statement

33 Certificate of the company secretary

34 Audit and risk committee report

36 Directors’ report

39 Independent auditor’s report

42 Statements of financial position

43 Statements of profit or loss

and other comprehensive

income

44 Statements of changes in

equity

46 Statements of cash flows

47 Significant accounting policies

60 Notes to the annual financial

statements

Approval of the integrated annual report

The audit and risk committee oversees the preparation of the

integrated annual report. The committee recommended the

report for approval to the group’s board of directors (board).

Scope and boundary of the report

This report covers the activities and performance of the Nictus

Group (the group) which includes Nictus Limited (Nictus or

the company), the holding company of the group, and all its

subsidiaries, for the year ended 31 March 2023. The companies

operate in South Africa.

There have been no changes in the scope and boundary of the

report from last year. The reporting complies with International

Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), the Companies Act

of South Africa and the JSE Listings Requirements. While

management has also considered the reporting guidelines of

the Integrated Reporting Committee of South Africa, not all

of these guidelines have been incorporated in this report.

Forward-looking statements

The integrated annual report includes forward-looking

statements relating to the financial position and results of

the group’s operations. These statements, by their nature,

involve uncertainty as they relate to events, and depend on

circumstances, that may or may not occur in the future.

Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from

those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not

limited to, global and national economic conditions, the cyclical

nature of the retail sector, changes in interest rates, credit and

the associated risk of lending, collections, inventory levels, gross

and operating margins, capital management, the execution of

the business model and competitive and regulatory factors.

The group undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise

any of these forward-looking statements, whether to reflect

new information or future events or otherwise. The forward-

looking statements have not been reviewed or reported on by

the group’s auditor.

Independent assurance

Assurance of the financial statements has been provided by the

external auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc.

Feedback

The group aims to establish and maintain constructive and

informed relationships with all of its stakeholders.

Stakeholders are encouraged to provide feedback on the

integrated annual report at groupsec@nictus.co.za which

will enable the group to gauge the adequacy and standard

of its integrated reporting.

We have removed all signatures from this document to protect

the security and privacy of all our signatories. A signed set

of the annual financial statements can be viewed at our

registered office.

The 2023 integrated annual report

builds on the disclosures contained

in last year’s integrated annual

report and has been prepared

in line with best practice based

on the principles of the King IV

Report on Corporate Governance

for South Africa, 2016TM (King IVTM),

the provisions of the Companies

Act of South Africa, 71 of 2008

(Companies Act of South Africa)

and the JSE Limited (JSE) Listings

Requirements. Audited financial

statements are published as part

of the integrated annual report.

The audited financial statements

are also available to shareholders

on the group website at

www.nictuslimited.co.za

and on request from the

company secretary at

groupsec@nictus.co.za.

TM Copyright and trademarks are owned by the Institute of Directors

Southern Africa NPC and all of its rights are reserved.

ABOUT

THIS

REPORT

Shareholder

information

108 Notice of annual general

meeting

115 Electronic participation

117 Form of proxy

119 Notes to the form of proxy

121 Definitions, ratios and terms

ibc Contact information

GROUP TOTAL

REVENUE

increased by

4,14% to

R46,5 million

(2022: R44,6 million)

GROUP TOTAL

ASSETS

increased by

22,59% to

R870,4 million

(2022: R710,0 million)

GROUP PROFIT

FOR THE YEAR

increased by

63,05% to

R8,2 million

(2022: R5,0 million)

GROUP

INVESTMENT

INCOME FROM

OPERATIONS

increased by

60,85% to

R51,5 million

(2022: R32,0 million)

DIVIDENDS

DECLARED

increased by

66,67% to

5,00 cents

per share

(2022: 3,00 cents

per share)

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

1:

managing director’s report

16

Operational review

Concentration risk continued

Compliance with various laws and regulations

Impact

Non-compliance with various laws and regulations could

result in penalties being incurred as well as reputational

damage.

Mitigation

Qualified people are employed within the group to monitor changes

in laws and regulations as well as compliance therewith. The

possible impact that changing laws and regulations may have on

the group is discussed at group and subsidiary level. Compliance

with the various laws and regulations is non-negotiable.

Information technology (IT) failure and data security

Impact

Business interruption, data losses and breaches of client

confidentiality could result in reputational damage, financial

losses and non-compliance with laws and regulations.

Mitigation

Senior management has always adopted a proactive approach

to managing the IT environment by outsourcing key functions

to reputable third parties and maintaining sound business

relationships with key software licensors.

Credit risk

Credit risk on counterparties

Impact

Default from a counterparty being an investment house or

bank could result in financial losses to the group.

Mitigation

Senior management, together with the executive committee,

evaluate the credit risk of all counterparties and monitor exposure

to institutions and industries.

Bad debts

Impact

Losses incurred through non-performance of debtors due

to economic conditions.

Mitigation

Strict controls are in place for the credit granting process and

the follow-up and collection of debt is a continuous process

with additional focus by branch personnel and management.

Authorisation levels are in place as well as repossession

procedures.

HIGH-LEVEL RISKS OF THE GROUP continued

Group

Insurance segment

Furniture retail segment

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

9

Overview

8

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023:

managing director and executive management

Gerard R de V Tromp has a BCom Marketing degree, is a chartered accountant (South Africa and

Namibia) and completed his accounting articles in 2008. After the completion of his articles, he joined

the group in 2009 as the group company secretary, which role he fulfilled until 2012. During 2012, he

was appointed as the: managing director of the furniture retail segment. During 2014, he was appointed

as deputy managing director of the group. On 18 April 2016, he was appointed as managing director of

the group.

Eckhart Prozesky (37)

Executive group financial director and executive management

Eckhart H Prozesky is a chartered accountant (South Africa) and completed his accounting articles in

2011. After the completion of his articles, he joined the group in 2012 as the financial manager of the

furniture retail segment. On 1 March 2015, he was appointed as the financial director of the group.

Philippus Tromp (47)

Non-executive director

Philippus J de W Tromp has a BEcon, EDP and SMP and was appointed as a non-executive director of

Nictus Limited in 2012. He is currently the group managing director of Nictus Holdings Limited and

has served the group for the past 17 years.

Ronnie de Vrye (69)

Independent non-executive director

Cornelius J de Vrye (Ronnie) is a qualified chartered accountant (South Africa) and has 31 years’

experience in corporate banking and financial services, 16 of which were at executive level and

15 at non-executive board level. He has also served as an independent non-executive director in

the insurance and investment industry from 2009 to date.

Sarita Martin (51)

Independent non-executive director

Sarita has been an independent non-executive director of various entities since 2013. She is currently

the chairperson of UsPlus Limited and the Equities Express Securities Exchange, and is a member of

the board of Reunert Limited, which is listed on the JSE. She serves as a director of JSE-listed entities,

unlisted entities and NPCs. She was previously a member of the Financial Services Board’s litigation

committee as well as the Institute of

managing director, financial director,

company secretary and the team for their dedication and

enthusiasm in implementing the company strategy to ensure

the business keeps growing.

Professor Barend J Willemse

Chairperson

22 June 2023

Consumer disposable income remains under pressure, with

the prime interest rate expected to increase to 11,75% for

2023. Inflation remains high, well above the South African

Reserve Bank upper target limit of 6,0%, with food inflation

above 14,0%. Fuel prices continue to creep higher, while

electricity prices increased more than 18,0%, with load

shedding reducing economic output through all sectors

of the economy.

The international economic growth outlook has also

deteriorated, with the possibility of an economic recession

during 2023 in the economies of our main trading partners.

The outlook for the South African business environment

during 2023/24 remains bleak, volatile and risky. The risk

of deteriorating government services and infrastructure is

a drag on the current economic outlook in South Africa, and

we expect that the next few months will be politically volatile

going into a national election year. Despite the negative

economic environment, the group was able to remain

profitable during the reporting period.

Given the current state of the economy and the lack of clear

economic policy and policy implementation by the national

government, the business environment is expected to remain

tough during 2023/24.

The board and management worked hard to continue to adapt

the business to the changing environment and recognise the

need for a flexible and low-cost business structure. We are

investing in new IT systems to modernise operations, gain

operational efficiency and enhance the ease of doing business

for our stakeholders. Nictus remains well capitalised and

with a continuous focus on adapting the business model and

reducing costs, we are confident in the future of the business.

New opportunities and innovative services are continuously

evaluated, while we continue to grow the business, especially

in the insurance segment. We are confident of meeting our

clients’ needs in the future.

The insurance segment performed well during the reporting

period. Alternative risk management in the business sector

and in the farming community is gaining momentum as the

understanding of the concept in an uncertain environment

continues to grow. New clients were attracted through

well-positioned marketing plans and cooperation from an

industry body within the agricultural sector. The flexibility of

the alternative risk transfer model in the current business

environment serves customers well, reducing their insurance

CHAIRPERSON’S

REPORT

Leadership

12

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

13:

managing director

22 June 2023

Although it was quite a turbulent year with regard to

fluctuations in investment performance, we were able to adopt

alternative investment strategies throughout the group, which

started to work, especially in the second half of the financial

year. Given the lack of basic infrastructure experienced in

South Africa, primarily with reference to load shedding, water

supply and road infrastructure, our entire customer and

client base, as well as ourselves, had to adapt and invest in

alternatives to remain competitive, independently protecting

and promoting sustainability.

Given all the environmental, economic and political turmoil,

the risks for our policyholders increased and we were

fortunate to partner with them to once again create unique

risk management solutions and alternatives to identify and

manage those risks. The negative effect of COVID-19 plateaued

and, as a result, renewed initiatives and innovative channels

were created which resulted in the growth and expansion of

our whole client base.

We are proud that we could identify appropriate risk

management profiles for our policyholders. We are

also satisfied that geographically our representation of

policyholders is taking a well-balanced approach throughout

South Africa. More and more policyholders are adapting and

taking increased ownership and responsibility for managing

their risks and we are proud to partner with them.

Investments and investment margins remain significant

factors in the insurance segment, as we maintain our

lower-risk, capital-persevering strategy, attempting to

maximise returns within the strategy. Although we in

South Africa are affected by the global macro economy,

there are still ample opportunities where we can make

proper returns for our benefit, but most importantly for

the benefit of our policyholders.

The furniture retail segment experienced a more challenging

year, and our customers were significantly impacted by,

among others, rising interest rates, rising inflation and rising

fuel and food prices. We are fortunate and thankful for a

superb customer base, which even through difficult times,

remained committed to servicing their credit. As a result, our

bad debts are comfortably within our prescribed limits. During

difficult times, customers carefully source the right product

It has once again been a challenging year, underpinned by a strained global

economic environment following the COVID-19 pandemic, one filled with

surprises and a period characterised, in many ways, by regular once-in-a-

lifetime occurrences. We have experienced highs and lows, ups and downs,

record levels of inflation and short-term interest rate hikes.

Nonetheless, and by the grace of God, we continue to persevere and are

proud to present this year’s integrated annual report.

GROUP

MANAGING

DIRECTOR’S

REPORT

Leadership

14

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

15:

managing director and supported by the board.

These factors, including viability assessments, capital, solvency, liquidity and going concern status,

are examined in detail, and monitored throughout the year to determine their individual and combined

effects on the business and drive a strategy to create exceptional value for shareholders and other

stakeholders alike.

Principle 5

Nictus application

Reporting

“The governing body

should ensure that reports

issued by the organisation

enable stakeholders

to make informed

assessments regarding

the organisation’s

performance and its

short-, medium- and

long-term prospects”

The board, assisted by the audit and risk committee and executive management, has established

controls and processes, including consultations with professional service providers, to independently

gather, review and report adequate information regarding the group’s financial and sustainable

performance and the integrity of the integrated annual report. This includes oversight over

information published in terms of the King IVTM disclosure requirements.

The board has assumed responsibility for the approval of interim communications and the

chairperson of the board ultimately approves all Stock Exchange News Services announcements.

Nictus is committed to transparent and effective communication with all stakeholder groups. Such

communication takes place through formal and informal channels, including the group’s website.

Governance

18

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

19:

managing director, who is responsible

for leading the implementation and execution of approved strategy, policy and operational planning

and reporting to the governing body. The board, with the assistance of the remuneration and

nomination committee, continuously considers succession for the: managing director.

The board is satisfied that the delegation of authority framework contributes to role clarity and the

effective exercise of authority and responsibility.

The board has appointed Veritas Eksekuteurskamer Proprietary Limited, a competent, suitably

qualified and experienced company secretary and approves of Veritas Eksekuteurskamer Proprietary

Limited’s service contract and remuneration. The ability of Veritas Eksekuteurskamer Proprietary

Limited, its board and employees to perform its company secretarial duties and its performance

are assessed annually by the board, taking into account a set of pre-agreed deliverables. Veritas

Eksekuteurskamer Proprietary Limited boasts decades of experience and the board has considered

and is satisfied with the competence, qualification and experience of the company secretary.

The company secretary has unfettered access to the board, however, care is taken to monitor the

arm’s-length relationship with the board. Written agreements are in place to govern the relationship

between the parties.

The company secretary reports to the board, through the chairperson, on all statutory duties and

functions performed in relation to the board. Other duties and administrative matters are reported

to executive management.

Principle 11

Nictus application

Risk governance

“The governing body

should govern risk in a

way that supports the

organisation in setting

and achieving its strategic

objectives”

Nictus’ risk methodology includes the consideration and implementation of appropriate risk responses

to identified risks, based on the strategic objectives of the group. The effective monitoring of risk is

achieved at Nictus through a combination of daily and periodic activities undertaken by management at

various levels in the organisation, culminating in the activities of executive management and the audit

and risk committee, which oversees the risk management process at Nictus.

The board considers and determines the levels of risk tolerance as well as risk appetite during its

periodic review of the group’s risk profile.

This risk profile determines the ambit within which management is allowed to take on risk-inclined

projects. The audit and risk committee provides oversight of Nictus’ risk management activities and

reports formally on its findings and recommendations to the board annually.

Details pertaining to the high-level risks of the group are presented on pages 6 to 8 of this integrated

annual report.

Principle 12

Nictus application

Technology and

information governance

“The governing body

should govern technology

and information in a

way that supports the

organisation setting and

achieving its strategic

objectives”

Nictus promotes an ethical IT governance culture and a common IT language. IT is aligned with the

performance and sustainability objectives of the group from a safeguarding, strategic and business

processes perspective.

The board has delegated the responsibility for the implementation of an IT governance framework

to management. The audit and risk committee annually considers independent assurance on the

effectiveness of the technology and information, including outsourcing.

All IT matters are referred to the group’s outsourced IT consultants, who advise on the most

appropriate technological solutions for the group. Executive management makes recommendations

to the board for its approval.

Continued focus is given to the effectiveness and improvement of operating systems in order to

increase functionality and promote enhanced reporting capabilities for better management and

compliance with the regulatory environment.

Governance outcome three: Adequate and effective control continued

Principle 13

Nictus application

Compliance governance

“The governing body

should govern in

compliance with

applicable laws and

adopted non-binding

rules, codes and

standards in a way that

supports the organisation

being ethical and a good

corporate citizen”

Nictus has a compliance culture with a legal compliance programme, which supports efforts to

identify and comply with applicable laws and regulations.

Compliance also forms part of Nictus’ code of conduct. The board and the audit and risk committee

are regularly briefed on new laws and regulations by the company secretary, professional service

providers and the company's JSE sponsor.

The company secretary acts as legal compliance officer, while certain compliance functions

in the insurance segment are outsourced to independent, suitably experienced and qualified

service providers.

An area of focus during the current reporting period was to embark on a discovery phase to further

develop and refine data management and customer relations systems from a management,

regulatory and service perspective. Additional reporting requirements and changing legislative

requirements impacting the companies within the group were identified and complied with, within

the context, guidance and interpretations available at any given point in time.

Principle 14

Nictus application

Remuneration

governance

“The governing body

should ensure that the

organisation remunerates

fairly, responsibly and

transparently so as to

promote the achievement

of strategic objectives

and positive outcomes in

the short, medium and

long term”

The remuneration and nomination committee is responsible for determining just and equitable

remuneration policies for the group and making related recommendations to the board.

The group’s remuneration policy incorporates the recommended practices of King IVTM. It aims to

appeal to and retain those individuals who will support and contribute towards achieving the group’s

desired results and strategy.

The policy, philosophy and strategy are encapsulated in the following:

Remuneration should:

• Contribute towards appealing to and retaining motivated and loyal employees;

• Reflect a direct correlation with the vision and results of the group;

• Be reviewed and benchmarked annually;

• Support the strategy of the group; and

• Reward performance and motivate employees.

The remuneration report, policy and implementation report are presented on pages 26 to 29 of this

integrated annual report.

Principle 15

Nictus application

Assurance

“The governing body

should ensure that

assurance services

and functions enable

an effective control

environment, and that

these support the integrity

of information for internal

decision-making and of

the organisation’s external

reports”

Nictus has developed a combined assurance model, which provides a coordinated approach to

assurance activities in respect of key risks facing the group, with oversight by the audit and risk

committee. This includes internal risk management, compliance functions and internal and external

audit reporting.

Nictus has a risk-based internal audit function, with a charter approved by the audit and risk

committee and the board. Internal audit follows a systematic approach and focuses on governance,

risk management and the system of internal controls, and is responsible for investigating and

reporting control deficiencies, fraud, corruption, unethical behaviour and irregularities.

Governance

22

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

23

managing director and the group financial director.

The composition of the board, its committees and attendance of meetings is summarised in the following table:

Name

Status

Board

Audit

and risk

committee

Remune-

ration and

nomination

committee

Social

and

ethics

committee

Executive

committee

Professor Barend J Willemse

Independent non-executive

chairperson

4/4

√ 2/2

√ 2/2

√ C 4/4

Eckhart H Prozesky

Executive (Financial director)

4/4

√ 4/4

Gerard R de V Tromp

Executive (: Managing director)

4/4

√ 2/2

√ 4/4

Philippus J de W Tromp

Non-executive

4/4

√ C 2/2

Cornelius J de Vrye

Independent non-executive

4/4

√ C 2/2

√ 2/2

Sarita Martin

Independent non-executive

4/4

√ 2/2

√ C 2/2

√ 2/2

√ Indicates board committee membership and “C” indicates board committee chairperson. The figures in each column indicate the number of meetings

attended out of the maximum possible number of meetings for the respective director.

Governance framework

Board committees

The board has established committees to assist it to fulfil its

duties. The committees are all constituted by charters, which

are approved by the board and reviewed annually. The board

committees are as follows:

Audit and risk committee

The audit and risk committee consists of three independent

non-executive directors and discharges its duties as set out

in, inter alia, the audit and risk committee charter, the JSE

Listings Requirements and the Companies Act of South Africa.

The audit and risk committee assumes the risk management

function of the group.

An extensive risk-identifying procedure is followed, with

input from all subsidiaries, to identify and evaluate business

threatening risks. The committee meets at least biannually.

The internal and external auditors attend the meetings by

invitation and have unrestricted access to the chairperson and

members of the audit and risk committee.

Remuneration and nomination committee

The remuneration and nomination committee consists of three

independent non-executive directors and is responsible for

determining just and equitable remuneration policies for the

group and making related recommendations to the board.

The committee also assumes the function of a nomination

committee and is responsible for the process of nominating

candidates to the board, succession planning in respect of

board members and the evaluation of the performance of the

board members. The committee meets at least biannually.

Social and ethics committee

The social and ethics committee consists of three members

– a non-executive director, who is also the chairperson, an

independent non-executive director and an executive director.

The committee oversees the group’s social development and

ethics management, good corporate citizenship, sustainability

strategies and preferred employer policies. The committee

meets at least biannually.

Executive committee

The executive committee derives its authority from the board,

and has the functions to evaluate investments, investment

returns, and to perform any additional duties as may be

assigned to it by the board. The executive committee is chaired

by the chairperson of the board and further consists of the

group managing director and the group financial director.

The committee meets at least quarterly.

Governance

24

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

25

Managing director’s and financial

director’s responsibility statement

33 Certificate of the company secretary

34 Audit and risk committee report

36 Directors’ report

39 Independent auditor’s report

Annual

financial

statements

42 Statements of financial position

43 Statements of profit or loss and other

comprehensive income

44 Statements of changes in equity

46 Statements of cash flows

47 Significant accounting policies

60 Notes to the annual financial statements

Community involvement

development

Community relations

Social development

Sport development

Education

Overall

Gauteng

Western Cape

Limpopo

North West

Free state

Mpumalanga

CORPORATE SOCIAL

RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

Report 2023

The social and ethics committee compiled this report in line with the charter set by the board and

industry practices.

Training and development of our staff received renewed focus, and significant time, resources

and energy went into the process. We aim to be the preferred employer with skilled, dedicated

staff who are trained for their specific responsibilities. Management development was a primary

focus area, and senior management embraced this to take on the challenges that we may face in

the future.

Equal opportunities are always a top priority and, with the overview that was conducted, no

discrimination on the basis of race, age and gender was found. We strive to appoint the best

person suitable for the responsibility required. We are comfortable with the status of our gender

equality as well as the progress made toward the certification for black economic empowerment

during the year under review. Some of the companies have already approved a formal

transformation plan which they are working towards.

It was clear from the overview that we maintained a high ethical culture, upheld our values and

adhered to our code of conduct.

Long-term sustainability remains a major discussion point, and the group is committed to

ensuring that we build a sustainable business for the future.

The board of directors remains committed to complying with internationally recognised standards

such as IFRS, King IVTM, the National Credit Act, 34 of 2005, the Companies Act of South Africa

and the JSE Listings Requirements. The company is audited annually and has an internal audit

function as well as separate remuneration and nomination, audit and risk, executive and social

and ethics committees. The group strives to adhere to good corporate governance practices.

As our businesses are not involved in manufacturing, our emissions impact on the environment

is minimal. We are, however, cognisant that we need to reduce our carbon footprint wherever

possible. We give consideration to suppliers that operate and adhere to standards set in

manufacturing.

We have commenced a formal review process of our environmental, social and governance

(ESG) standards. During the second half of the year, in a formal feedback process, the group will

evaluate aspects relating to ESG and the areas requiring adherence should this be necessary.

Conclusion

The committee is comfortable that the guidelines set by the board of directors were met during its

review process. The group continues to conduct its business ethically and is comfortable that it is

managed with long-term sustainability in mind for the future.

Philippus J de W Tromp

Chairperson: social and ethics committee

22 June 2023

Foreword by the

chairperson

The Nictus Group can

once again look back at a

satisfying year. As a group,

we focus on compliance and

aim to be a good corporate

citizen in all aspects of

the business.

Involvement 2023

We are pleased to report

on the following relating

to our involvement and

contributions made:

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

31

Governance

30

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023:

managing director

Group financial director

22 June 2023

Directors’ responsibility statement

The directors are required by the Companies Act of

South Africa, 71 of 2008 (Companies Act of South Africa) to

maintain adequate accounting records and are responsible

for the content and integrity of the group annual financial

statements and company annual financial statements and

related financial information included in this report. It is their

responsibility to ensure that the financial statements fairly

present the state of affairs of the group and company as at

31 March 2023 and the results of their operations and changes

in equity and cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity

with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and

the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa. The

directors are also responsible for the preparation of the

directors’ report. The external auditor is engaged to express an

independent opinion on the group annual financial statements

and company annual financial statements.

The group annual financial statements and company

annual financial statements are prepared in accordance

with IFRS and the requirements of the Companies Act of

South Africa and are based upon appropriate accounting

policies consistently applied and supported by reasonable

and prudent judgements and estimates.

The directors acknowledge that they are ultimately

responsible for the system of internal financial control

established by the group and company and place considerable

importance on maintaining a strong control environment.

To enable the directors to meet these responsibilities,

the board sets standards for internal control aimed at

reducing the risk of error or loss in a cost-effective manner.

The standards include the proper delegation of responsibilities

within a clearly defined framework, effective accounting

policies and procedures and adequate segregation of duties

to ensure an acceptable level of risk. These controls are

monitored throughout the group and all employees are

required to maintain the highest ethical standards in ensuring

that the group’s business is conducted in a manner that in

all reasonable circumstances is above reproach. The focus

of risk management in the group is on identifying, assessing,

managing and monitoring all known forms of risk across

the group.

While operating risk cannot be fully eliminated, the group

endeavours to minimise it by ensuring that appropriate

infrastructure, controls, systems and ethical behaviour are

applied and managed within predetermined procedures

and constraints.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES

AND APPROVAL

The directors are of the opinion, based on the information and

explanations given by management, that the system of internal

control provides reasonable assurance that the financial

records may be relied on for the preparation of the financial

statements. Any system of internal financial control can,

however, provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance

against material misstatement or loss.

The directors have reviewed the group’s and company’s

budgets for the year ending 31 March 2024 and, in light

of this review and the current financial position, they are

satisfied that the group and company have access to adequate

resources to continue in operational existence for the

foreseeable future. The directors have made an assessment

of the group’s and company’s ability to continue as going

concerns and there is no reason to believe that the businesses

will not be going concerns in the year ahead.

The auditor is responsible for reporting on whether the group

annual financial statements and company annual financial

statements are fairly presented in accordance with the

applicable financial reporting framework.

Approval of the group annual financial

statements and company annual financial

statements

The group annual financial statements and company annual

financial statements of Nictus Limited, which have been

prepared on the going concern basis, were approved by the

board on 22 June 2023 and were signed by:

Gerard R de V Tromp

Authorised director

Group: managing director

Professor Barend J Willemse

Authorised director

Chairperson

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S AND FINANCIAL

DIRECTOR’S RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

In our opinion, as company secretary, we hereby confirm, in terms of the Companies Act of South Africa that, for the year ended

31 March 2023, the company has lodged with the Commissioner of the Companies and Intellectual Property Commission, all such

returns and notices as are required of a public company in terms of the Companies Act of South Africa and that all such returns

and notices are true, correct and up to date.

Willem H Boshoff

Veritas Eksekuteurskamer Proprietary Limited

Company secretary

22 June 2023

CERTIFICATE OF THE

COMPANY SECRETARY

The directors, whose names are stated below, hereby

confirm that:

• The annual financial statements set out on pages 42 to 106,

fairly present, in all material respects, the financial position,

financial performance and cash flows of Nictus in terms

of IFRS;

• To the best of our knowledge and belief, no facts have been

omitted or untrue statements made that would make the

annual financial statements false or misleading;

• Internal financial controls have been put in place to

ensure that material information relating to Nictus and its

consolidated subsidiaries has been provided to effectively

prepare the financial statements of Nictus;

Annual financial statements

32

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

33

managing director, the group financial director

and representatives of the external and internal auditors are

invited to attend the committee meetings.

The committee met twice during the year and engaged,

among other work, in considering the reappointment of

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. as auditor to the Nictus

group of companies. PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. was

recommended for reappointment as the group and company

external auditor based on recent performance and regulatory

reviews of the firm, with Jorge M Goncalves acting as the

designated audit partner for the current financial year ended

31 March 2023. The introduction of ISA 315 (Revised) by the

International Audit and Assurance Standards Board requires

that external audit obtain a more granular understanding

of Nictus’ business, with specific focus on areas such as

the information technology (IT) environment, understanding

the entity’s business model and the introduction of inherent

risk factors. The additional and/or revised requirements of

ISA 315 (Revised) did result in additional external audit effort

and increased fees associated with same, from 1 April 2023

onwards. The governance register was reviewed during the

year for completeness by a third party and was approved by

the committee. Based on prudential standards, Nictus had

Annual financial statements

34

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

35:

managing director)

18 November 2014

22 August 2018

Eckhart H Prozesky (Group financial director)

1 March 2015

22 August 2018

Non-executive

Philippus J de W Tromp

1 April 2012

1 September 2022

Independent non-executives and members of the

audit and risk committee

Professor Barend J Willemse (Chairperson)

15 June 2010

1 September 2022

Cornelius J de Vrye

1 November 2018

1 September 2021

Sarita Martin

1 February 2021

1 September 2022

Shareholding

Composition of shareholders

Number of

shareholders

%

Number of

shares

%

Ordinary shares

Non-public shareholders

9

0,87

42 639 089

79,78

Directors and associates

9

0,87

42 639 089

79,78

Public shareholders

1 030

99,13

10 804 411

20,22

1 039

100,00

53 443 500

100,00

Distribution of shareholders

Number of

shareholders

%

Number of

shares

%

Ordinary shares

Banks/brokers

17

1,64

81 982

0,15

Close corporations

1

0,10

2

0,00

Individuals

403

38,79

1 051 599

1,97

Insurance companies

1

0,10

9 375

0,02

Nominees and trusts

590

56,79

10 026 934

18,76

Other corporations

4

0,38

43 172

0,08

Private companies

21

2,01

42 223 871

79,01

Public companies

2

0,19

6 565

0,01

1 039

100,00

53 443 500

100,00

Number of

shares

%

Shareholders, other than directors, with an interest above 5% in stated capital

Landswyd Beleggings Proprietary Limited

25 340 209

47,41

Namprop Proprietary Limited

6 318 622

11,82

Trocor Proprietary Limited

5 939 864

11,11

PC Investment Holdings Proprietary Limited

4 108 955

7,69

As at 31 March, the directors, prescribed officers and their associates (as defined in terms of the JSE Listings Requirements) had the

following direct and indirect beneficial interest in the stated capital of the company:

Number of shares

2023

2022

Direct interests

Professor Barend J Willemse

50 000

50 000

Eckhart H Prozesky

425 000

425 000

Indirect interests

Professor Barend J Willemse

45 165

45 165

Nicolaas C Tromp*, Gerard R de V Tromp and Philippus J de W Tromp

42 118 924 41 998 459

42 639 089 42 518 624

* Nicolaas C Tromp, a non-executive director of the company, was part of the board of directors up until his passing on 27 June 2021.

There have been no changes in directors’ interests between the financial year end and the date of approval of the annual

financial statements.

Annual financial statements

36

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

37:

managing director, who

is the chief operating decision maker, to make decisions

pertaining to resources to be allocated to the segment and

to assess its performance.

Segment results

Segment results consist of segment revenue less segment

expenses.

Segment revenue

Segment revenue consists of revenue reported in the group’s

profit or loss that is directly attributable to a segment and the

relevant portion of group revenue that can be allocated on a

reasonable basis to a segment, whether from sales to external

customers or from transactions with other segments of the

group, but excluding non-specific revenue interest or dividend

income and also excluding gains on sales of investments

or gains on extinguishments of debt (unless the segment’s

operations are primarily of a financial nature).

Investment property

The fair value of investment property is determined using

available information on a case-by-case basis. The group

will use alternative valuation methods where deemed more

appropriate at the financial position reporting date. Details are

disclosed in note 4 regarding the determination of fair value in

the current financial year.

Investments in equity, debt securities and unit trusts

The fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or

loss is determined by reference to their quoted closing market

price at the reporting date.

The fair values of the financial assets were determined

as follows:

• The fair values of listed or quoted investments are based

on the quoted closing market prices;

• The fair values of debt securities are based on the quoted

closing market prices as reflected on the JSE Debt Market.

The securities are regularly traded on the active market;

and

• The fair values of the unit trust investments are based on

the quoted put (exit) price provided or published by the

fund manager.

1.20 Company-specific accounting policies

Financial instruments

Financial instruments are recognised when, and only when,

the company becomes party to the contractual provisions of

the particular instrument.

The company derecognises a financial asset when the

contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset

expire, or it transfers the right to receive the contractual

cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the

risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are

transferred or in which the company neither transfers nor

retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership

and it does not retain control of the financial asset.

The company enters into transactions whereby it transfers

assets recognised in the statement of financial position, but

retains either all or substantially all of the risks and rewards

of the transferred assets. In these cases, the transferred

assets are not derecognised.

The company derecognises a financial liability when its

contractual obligations are discharged, cancelled or expire.

The company also derecognises a financial liability when

its terms are modified and the cash flows of the modified

liability are substantially different, in which case a new

financial liability based on the modified terms is recognised

at fair value. On derecognition of a financial liability, the

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued

for the year ended 31 March 2023

Annual financial statements

56

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

57:

Managing director and key management of the group)

Eckhart H Prozesky (Financial director and key management of the group)

Philippus J de W Tromp (Non-executive director)

Stephanus J Gerber (Chief executive officer: insurance segment)

(resigned effective 31 August 2021)

Independent non-executive directors

Professor Barend J Willemse

Cornelius J de Vrye

Sarita Martin

A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to a reporting entity if that person; has control or joint control

of the reporting entity, has significant influence over the reporting entity or is a member of the key management personnel

of the reporting entity or of a parent of the reporting entity.

Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling

the activities of the entity, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of that entity.

Key management personnel have been identified as the executive directors, non-executive directors and the managing

executives of segments within the group.

Close members of the family related to key management would also be defined as related parties. Close members of the

family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their

dealings with the group and include; that person’s children and spouse or domestic partner, the children of that person’s

spouse or domestic partner and dependants of that person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.

Commonly, an entity would be related to the reporting entity if a member of key management is also a member of the

key management personnel of that entity (other related parties), or the entity and the reporting entity are members of

the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

Annual financial statements

84

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

85:

letter of

representation, in terms of their custody agreements,

should they wish to participate in the annual general

meeting electronically.

9.7

Unless you advise your CSDP, broker or nominee, in

terms of the agreement between you and your CSDP,

broker or nominee by the cut-off time stipulated

therein, that you wish to participate in the annual

general meeting electronically or nominate a proxy

to represent you at this annual general meeting, your

CSDP, broker or nominee will assume that you do not

wish to attend the annual general meeting or nominate

a proxy.

9.8

Forms of proxy (which form may be found enclosed)

must be dated and signed by the shareholder

appointing a proxy and must be emailed to TMS

at proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za. Forms of proxy

must be received not later than 12:00 on Tuesday,

29 August 2023. Before a proxy exercises any rights

of a shareholder at the annual general meeting, such

form of proxy must be so delivered. Thereafter, forms

of proxy must be handed to the chairperson of the

annual general meeting before the appointed proxy

may exercise any rights of the shareholder at the

annual general meeting. If required, additional forms

of proxy may be obtained from the registered offices of

the company, the transfer secretaries or TMS, whose

details are set out on the inside back cover.

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING continued

ELECTRONIC PARTICIPATION

in the Nictus Limited virtual annual general meeting to be held at 12:00 on Thursday, 31 August 2023

The annual general meeting

Shareholders or their proxies who wish to participate in the annual general meeting via electronic communication (participants),

must apply to the company’s meeting scrutineers to do so by emailing the form below (the application) to the email address of

the company’s meeting scrutineers, TMS, by no later than 12:00 on Tuesday, 29 August 2023. The email address is as follows:

proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za.

Shareholders who have dematerialised their shares, other than those shareholders who have dematerialised their shares with

“own name” registration, should contact their CSDP or broker in the manner and time stipulated in their agreement with their

CSDP or broker:

• To furnish them with their voting instructions; and

• In the event that they wish to participate in the meeting, to obtain the necessary authority to do so.

Participants will be able to vote during the annual general meeting through an electronic participation platform. Such participants,

should they wish to have their vote(s) counted at the annual general meeting, must provide TMS with the information requested below.

Each shareholder, who has complied with the requirements below, will be contacted between 29 August 2023 and 31 August 2023

via email/mobile with a unique link to allow them to participate in the virtual annual general meeting.

The cost of the participant’s phone call or data usage will be at his/her own expense and will be billed separately by his/her own

service provider.

The participant’s unique access credentials will be forwarded to the email/cell number provided below.

Application form

Name and surname of shareholder

Name and surname of shareholder representative

(if applicable)

ID number of shareholder or representative

Email address

Cell number

Telephone number

Name of CSDP or broker

(if shares are held in dematerialised format)

SCA number/broker account number, or

Own name account number

Number of shares

Signature

Date

By signing this form, I agree and consent to the processing of my personal information above for the purpose of participation in the

annual general meeting.

9.9

Attention is drawn to the “Notes” to the form of proxy.

9.10

The completion of a form of proxy does not preclude

any shareholder attending the annual general meeting.

By order of the board

Nictus Limited

Veritas Eksekuteurskamer Proprietary Limited

Company secretary

Bryanston

22 June 2023

Shareholder information

114

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

115:

letter of representation in terms of the custody

agreement entered into with your CSDP, broker or

nominee. Letters of representation must be lodged with

TMS not less than 48 hours before the time appointed

for the holding of the meeting. Shareholders who hold

certificated shares with their own name and shareholders

who have dematerialised their shares with “own name”

registrations must lodge their completed proxy forms

with TMS via email at proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za not less

than 48 hours before the time appointed for the holding

of the meeting (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and

public holidays).

10.

Forms of proxy have to be emailed to TMS at

proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za. Forms of proxy must

be received not later than 12:00 on Tuesday,

29 August 2023. Thereafter, forms of proxy must be

handed or submitted electronically to the chairperson

of the annual general meeting or TMS, as set out in this

notice, before the appointed proxy may exercise any

rights of the shareholder at the annual general meeting.

Summary of rights established by section

58 of the Companies Act of South Africa, as

required in terms of subsection 58(8)(b)(i)

1.

A shareholder may at any time appoint any individual,

including a non-shareholder of the company, as a proxy

to participate in, speak and vote at a shareholders’

meeting on his or her behalf (section 58(1)(a)), or to give

or withhold consent on behalf of the shareholder to a

decision in terms of section 60 (shareholders acting

other than at a meeting) (section 58(1)(b)).

Shareholder information

118

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2023

119:

