Managing Director and the: Managing

letter of appointment from the Board and are

re-elected by shareholders on a rotational basis.

Fees are not linked to the performance of the Group or its share

price and are paid six monthly in arrears. Non-executive directors

do not receive performance-related bonuses and are not granted

any share awards. Their services may be terminated without

liability for compensation.

Proposed fees are based on independently benchmarked data,

including against retail peer companies in South Africa. The

Company Secretary proposes the fees to the Remuneration

Committee, which recommends the fees to the Board for final

approval from shareholders.

The table below sets out the remuneration policies applied for

FY23. These policies form the underlying basis for the directors’

fees tabled for shareholder approval – refer to page 116 for the

detailed fees.

Chair

The Chair’s fee reflects the active role he plays in the Group’s corporate governance and in formulating

overarching strategies. He does not play a day-to-day role in the executive management and administration

of the business, but makes himself available to the executive team in an advisory capacity.

Lead independent

director and other

directors

Directors’ fees are market-related, based on relevant benchmarks, and commensurate with the time required

for directors to fulfil their duties. Annual fees are not subject to attendance at meetings, as meetings are

well attended.

Committee membership

The fees reflect the additional responsibilities taken through the chairpersonship and membership of Board

committees.

Consultancy fees

The fees related to additional consultancy services to the Board and its committees are determined and

approved by the Remuneration Committee on an ad hoc basis, considering the nature and scope of the

services rendered.

Expenses

The Group settles all travel and accommodation expenses related to the work of the Board.

Non-executive director fees have been benchmarked against

large JSE listed companies, including:

ABSA

Multichoice

Bidvest

Shoprite

Clicks

Spar

Dischem

TFG

Discovery

Tiger Brands

TFG

Truworths

Growthpoint

Vodacom

Mr Price

Woolworths:

