letter to shareholders, I explained the impact

that load shedding, port inefficiencies, the conduct

of bureaucracy and regulatory authorities, as well as

finally failing infrastructure has had on our portfolio

of companies.

This past year has been no different save that we have

taken very active steps to mitigate its impact on us by

essentially, where possible, becoming less reliant on

service delivery and doing more things for ourselves.

There are some green shoots, but the situation still

remains dire. Unless all these macro impediments

are addressed with forthright determination, South

Africa will remain in a quagmire of stalled growth, high

unemployment and general negativity.

The global situation seems no better. Wars and conflict,

high interest rates and huge migrant migration are

having dramatic consequences for many countries

around the world, unable to cope with the pressures on

infrastructure and services.

In these times, we have to be prudent and decisive

in taking up opportunities that we believe offer

reasonable value with prospects for improved growth

and sustainability.

Media and Property

In this regard, we have expanded our investments in

the area of property, and media and broadcasting over

the past year in particular.

These property acquisitions have been functional to

our businesses – a new and more efficient distribution

centre for Queenspark has dramatically improved the

logistics for stores and stock replenishment. The work

environment has also been better for staff.

The same will apply for the acquisition of the

property precinct where Telemedia is located. This

campus will serve the needs of our endeavour to

expand the media business over time.

With a new CEO, Patrick Conroy, and an energised

management team, Telemedia is destined to

grow and diversify beyond its traditional focus.

We remain determined to build content, media

logistics and data analytics into a seamless and

integrated coherence providing valuable services

in the media sector.

Africa will be our focus since we believe this is

where the growth will come from. It will not be

easy but it is a task that must be undertaken.

It will be a slow but patient endeavour taking

account of all the pitfalls that we are likely to face

in the coming years.

We have the platform and the leadership in the

group to do it.

Retail

Our retail segment has been growing albeit at

a slow pace. This is an exceptionally competitive

space and we have not yet built the scale to be

sufficiently impactful.

The measures we have implemented over the

past few years – store sizes, improved training

of staff, and focused brands have yielded better

results as seen in the margins of trading densities,

improved after tax earnings even though our

gross margins have declined.

How we handle the retail portfolio in the coming

years is going to be our biggest challenge. The

Queenspark brand remains relatively strong

and its promise to our customers has remained

consistent over the years.

The overwhelming concern is how we grow and

expand this franchise, and how we add to retail in

a more general way.

It still remains the largest component of revenue

of the group.

Water and Infrastructure

Regarding

the

water

and

infrastructure

investments, it has been a mixed bag. It remains

one of our country’s biggest challenges and if

not properly dealt with, we could face serious

problems in the future.

Notwithstanding the recent one in a hundred-

year event of the floods in the Western Cape,

South Africa is challenged with water in

the future.

ABOUT

REX TRUEFORM

OVERVIEW

SEGMENT

ANALYSIS

GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

SHAREHOLDER

INFORMATION

Rex Trueform 2023 Integrated Annual Report 7:

letter of representation. Should

shareholders who have dematerialised their shares wish

to vote by proxy, they must provide their CSDP or broker

with their voting instructions in terms of the custody

agreement entered into between the dematerialised

shareholder and their CSDP or broker. The: letter of

representation will need to be submitted together with

the completed Electronic Participation Application Form

to the Company’s Transfer Secretaries and to the Company

in the manner and within the timeframe described above

under the section titled “Electronic Participation.”

Electronic participation

The Company’s Memorandum of Incorporation authorises

the conduct of shareholders’ meetings entirely by

electronic communication as does section 63(2)(a) of the

Companies Act.

Shareholders or their duly appointed proxies who

wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting

are required to complete the Electronic Participation

Application Form available immediately after the proxy

form on page 99 and email same to the Company’s

Transfer Secretaries at proxy@computershare.co.za and

to the company secretary at legal@rextrueform.com as

soon as possible, but in any event by no later than 10h00

on Thursday, 7 December 2023 for the attention of the

company secretary, relevant contact details including

e-mail address, cellular number and landline, as well as

full details of the shareholder’s title to the shares issued

by the company and proof of identity, in the form of

copies of identity documents and share certificates (in

the case of certificated shareholders), and (in the case of

dematerialised shareholders) written confirmation from

the shareholder’s CSDP confirming the shareholder’s

title to the dematerialised shares.

Shareholders or their duly appointed proxies are required

to provide satisfactory identification before being entitled

to participate in the Annual General Meeting.

Upon receiving a completed Electronic Participation

Application Form, the Company’s Transfer Secretaries

will follow a verification process to verify each applicant’s

entitlement to participate in and/or vote at the Annual

General Meeting. The Company’s Transfer Secretaries will

provide the Company with the nominated email address

of each verified shareholder or their duly appointed proxy

to enable the Company to forward them a Microsoft

Teams meeting invitation required to access the Annual

General Meeting.

Fully verified shareholders or their duly appointed proxies

who have applied to participate electronically in the

Annual General Meeting are requested by no later than

09h55 on Monday, 11 December 2023 to join the lobby

of the meeting by clicking on the “Join Microsoft Teams

Meeting” link to be provided by the company secretary or

by the secretarial office, whose admission to the meeting

will be controlled by the company secretary/secretarial

office.

Participants will be liable for their own network charges

in relation to electronic participation in and/or voting at

the Annual General Meeting. Any such charges will not

be for the account of the Company’s Transfer Secretaries

or the Company who will also not be held accountable in

the case of loss of network connectivity or other network

failure due to insufficient airtime, internet connectivity,

internet bandwidth and/or power outages which prevents

any such shareholder or their proxy from participating in

and/or voting at the Annual General Meeting.

Shareholders who wish to participate in the annual

general meeting by way of telephone conference call

must note that they will not be able to vote during the

annual general meeting. Such shareholders, should they

wish to have their vote counted at the annual general

meeting, must, to the extent applicable (i) complete the

form of proxy; or (ii) contact their CSDP or broker, in both

instances, as set out above.

By order of the board

A Gihwala

Company Secretary

3 November 2023

Registered office:

Rex Trueform Office Park

Unit 1, 263 Victoria Road

Salt River, Cape Town, 7925

PO Box 1856, Cape Town, 8000

Phone: 021 460 9551

Email: legal@rextrueform.com

Transfer secretaries:

Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited

Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue Rosebank, 2196

Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132

E-mail: proxy@computershare.co.za

ABOUT

REX TRUEFORM

OVERVIEW

SEGMENT

ANALYSIS

GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

SHAREHOLDER

INFORMATION

Rex Trueform 2023 Integrated Annual Report 95

