Managing Director at Goldman Sachs. From 2009 to 2012,

Dr Nevistic was a Group: Managing Director and Head of Corporate

Development at UBS, where she was part of the senior executive

team that restructured the bank’s operations following the financial

crisis. She currently runs her own advisory boutique, focusing on

corporate strategy and business transformations, and serves as a

Non-Executive Director at Atlantic Grupa d.d. and since May 2023

at Kuehne + Nagel International AG. She is also a member of the

Advisory Board of the Zagreb School of Economics and

Management.

Dr Nevistic supports various non-profit organisations, was a

member of the Finance Committee of the Swiss Study Foundation,

and a trustee at the Swiss Institute/Contemporary Art New York.

12. Guillaume Pictet

Non-executive Director

Swiss, born 1950

Mr Pictet was appointed to the Board as a Non-executive Director

in 2010 and is a member of the Governance and Sustainability,

Audit and Compensation Committees, and was a member of the

Nominations Committee until April 2022.

He is a graduate of HEC, Lausanne University. His career in private

banking has included membership of Darier Hentsch & Cie’s senior

management. He has also served as an international economist in

Switzerland’s Federal Department of Economic Affairs.

Since 1996, Mr Pictet has been a Founding Partner and Vice

Letter from the Chairman of the

Compensation Committee

Clay Brendish, Chairman: Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Compensation Committee, I am pleased to present

our Compensation report for the year ended 31 March 2023.

The ability of the Group to attract and retain key talents in order to

achieve the Group’s strategic objectives has never been more

important. The Committee has supported management in

addressing these areas throughout the year, ensuring that

exceptional performance is rewarded fairly and that strategic efforts

leading to long-term growth are incentivised correctly. Specific

retention plans for the Group’s key talents were also subject to

review during the period.

Ensuring that executives and employees receive fair compensation,

which is in line with observed market practice, is a key component

of the Group’s remuneration policy. Management undertook a

comprehensive benchmarking review of senior executive

compensation in early 2023, which the Committee reviewed and

discussed in detail during its meetings. Further details of this study

are included in the following Compensation report.

During the year, the Senior Executive Committee (‘SEC’)

welcomed two new members, Patricia Gandji, Chief People Officer

and CEO of Regions, and Bérangère Ruchat, Chief Sustainability

Officer. As is customary, the Committee reviewed the contractual

terms and conditions of these new members.

At the AGM in September 2022, shareholders once again approved

the remuneration proposals. Specifically, shareholders were asked

to approve the maximum amount of fixed Board compensation

from the 2022 AGM to the 2023 AGM; the maximum amount of

fixed SEC compensation for the 2024 financial year and the

variable compensation of the SEC for the 2022 financial year. The

actual compensation paid to the Board for the period from the 2021

AGM to the 2022 AGM and to the SEC with respect to fixed

compensation for the 2023 financial year was within amounts

previously approved by the shareholders.

The Compensation report that follows describes the Group’s

guiding principles, philosophy and policies for setting the

compensation of members of the Board and the SEC. The report

complies with the relevant articles of the Swiss Code of

Obligations, the Swiss Code of Best Practice, and the Ordinance

against Excessive Compensation (‘OEC’), and with the Company’s

Articles of Incorporation. The compensation for the financial year

under review, as detailed on pages 73 to 75, has been audited by the

Group’s auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers.

On behalf of the Board, we would like to thank you for your

continued support on executive compensation matters.

We look forward to receiving comments from our shareholders.

Clay Brendish

Compensation Committee

