managing director of Algoa FM on 1 April 2019.

Nick Efstathiou (46)

Central Media Group – OFM

Nick Efstathiou has been with OFM since 2001

when he was appointed as Morning Show Producer

and Marketing and Events Coordinator. In 2004,

he took over as Marketing Manager and in 2011,

he was appointed as Group Marketing Manager

of CMG. In this capacity, he was responsible

for the implementation and management of

marketing strategies for the CMG Group. In 2012,

he was appointed as General Manager of OFM.

Under his leadership, OFM achieved the highest

instances of time spent listening (“TSL”) in South

African commercial radio, a Grand Prix Loerie and

13 nominations at the Liberty SA Radio Awards in

2018, with two outright wins. Nick was appointed

as: managing director of CMG on 1 March 2019 and

completed his MBA at the North-West University

in 2020.

COMPANY SECRETARY

Chrisna Roberts (48)

BCompt (Hons), CA(SA), RA, MTP

Appointed 1 April 2015

Chrisna did her articles at Lloyd Viljoen

Registered Auditors where she subsequently

became an audit partner. She is also a partner

in Wallrich Business Services where she is

responsible for the Company Secretarial and

Tax division.

letter of

appointment is reviewed by the committee.

The committee, in consultation with executive management, agreed to an audit fee for the 2023 financial year.

The fee is considered appropriate for the work done. Audit fees are disclosed in note 20 of the financial statements.

Meetings were held with the external auditor and no matters of material concern were raised.

The committee has reviewed the performance of the external auditor and considered the independence of the firm.

Based on the independence guidelines issued by IRBA and BDO South Africa Inc being the appointed audit firm for more

than 10 years, the committee tendered for a new audit firm to be appointed. The committee recommends that Mazars

South Africa be appointed as the new external auditors for the 2024 financial year at the annual general meeting.

FINANCIAL DIRECTOR

As required in terms of the JSE Listings Requirements, the committee has satisfied itself that the company’s financial

director, Mrs AJ Isbister, has the appropriate expertise and experience to meet the responsibilities of her position and

confirmed her suitability for continued appointment as financial director in terms of the JSE Listings Requirements.:

letter of representation to attend the meeting, in terms of the custody

agreement entered into between such shareholders and their CSDP or broker. The: letter of representation will need

to be submitted together with the completed Electronic Participation Application Form to the company’s transfer

secretaries and to the company in the manner and within the timeframe described above under the section titled

“Electronic Attendance At The Meeting”.

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING CONTINUED

for the year ended 31 March 2023

Letter of Representation received from your

stockbroker/CSDP to attend the meeting.

Terms and conditions for participation in the AGM via electronic means

1.

The cost of electronic participation in the AGM is for the expense of the Participant and will be billed separately by the Participant’s

own service provider.

2. The Participant acknowledges that the electronic communication services are provided by third parties and indemnifies AME against

any loss, injury, damage, penalty or claim arising in any way from the use or possession of the electronic services, whether or not the

problem is caused by any act or omission on the part of the Participant or anyone else. In particular, but not exclusively, the Participant

acknowledges that he/she will have no claim against the Company, whether for consequential damages or otherwise, arising from the use

of the electronic services or any defect in it or from total or partial failure of the electronic services and connections linking the Participant

via the electronic services to the AGM.

3. Participants should note that they will not be able to vote during the AGM. Should Participants wish to vote, they should, in

accordance with the Notice on page 70, as may be applicable, either:

3.1

complete the proxy form and return it to Computershare in accordance with the Notice; or

3.2

contact their CSDP or broker as set out in accordance with the Notice; or

3.3

complete a proxy form and return it to the company in accordance with the Notice.

4. The application to participate in the AGM electronically will only be deemed successful if this application form has been completed fully

and signed by the Participant.

Participant’s name

Signature

Date

Participation in the AGM via electronic communication:

