Managing Director of the Black

Management Forum (BMF), where he also served on the board

of the BMF investment company. He was later appointed as

the CEO of Business Unity South Africa (BUSA) and has also

served as chairman of the SADC Employer Group and the

EU-Southern African Business Council. In addition to

representing business at Nedlac, he served as a member of

the King Committee on Corporate Governance, the National

Anti-corruption Forum and SADC Business Forum.

He was nominated by Parliament and appointed by the

President as a Public Service Commissioner in 1998.

In the recent past, he served as a member of the BBBEE

Advisory Council and the first National Planning Commission.

Jerry was chairman of the Mpumalanga Gambling Board,

Mpumalanga Economic Growth Agency and the State

Information Technology Agency (SOC) Proprietary Limited until

the end of his term in 2015. He previously served on the

boards of PPC Limited and Goliath Gold Limited and held the

position of chairman of Netcare Limited as well as adviser to

Citibank.

Jerry is currently executive chairman of Palama, an investment

company, and also serves on the boards of Cell C Limited and

Sibanye-Stillwater Limited, where he also chairs the social and

ethics committee.

DEAN SUNTUP (46)

Financial Director

Dean completed his articles at PwC where he continued

working after qualifying as a Chartered Accountant (SA),

participating in the audits of various large corporations and

multinational companies.

In 2003 he joined BSC Technologies, a business established

by the Levy brothers, and where he later became financial

director. In 2005 he transferred to The Prepaid Company

in the role of Financial Director. In heading up finance at

Blue Label, Dean serves as director of various Blue Label

companies and contributes significantly to the governance

and reporting systems across Blue Label. Dean is a member

of SAICA.

COMMITTEE KEY

Investment Committee

Remuneration and Nomination Committee

Social, Ethics and Transformation Committee

Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee

Blue Label Integrated Annual Report 2023

19

Strategy and performance

Corporate governance

Shareholder information and administration

About us:

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

As economies recover from the devastation caused by

COVID-19 and the supply chain disruptions of the

Ukraine-Russia war, many also had to contend with the

subsequent inflation surge, driven primarily by the fiscal

and monetary stimuli provided by governments in

response to the pandemic.

And while our local economy is also recovering, albeit

slower than expected, the energy crisis and the financial

pressure that consumers are experiencing as a result of

The implementation of our “back to basics” operational

plan in 2021 resulted in the emergence of a greater sense

of purpose and cohesion but it also delivered a more

resilient organisation that could operate optimally during

the COVID-19 pandemic and that could withstand the

significant operational and economic headwinds that we

experienced during the last two years. However, the

post-COVID-19 recovery has been undermined by

frequent and extended load shedding throughout our

reporting financial year.

Blue Label Integrated Annual Report 2023

22

Strategy and performance

Corporate governance

Shareholder information and administration

About us:

letter, terms,

audit plan and budgeted audit fees for the 2023

financial year.

Any non-audit services to be provided by the external

auditors are governed by a formal written policy which

incorporates a monetary delegation of authority in terms

of non-audit services to be provided. The non-audit

services rendered by the external auditors during the

year ended 31 May 2023 comprised tax advisory services,

tax compliance services and general advisory services.

The fees applicable to the services totalled R7.5 million

(2022: R3.1 million).

The ARCC has nominated, for approval at the AGM, the

reappointment of SNGGT as registered auditors for the

2024 financial year. The Committee also satisfied itself

in terms of paragraph 3.84(g)(iii) of the JSE Listings

Requirements that SNGGT and the designated individual

partner are suitable for appointment having requested

and considered the information detailed in paragraph

22.15(h) of the JSE Listings Requirements.

Internal audit and internal controls

Blue Label’s internal audit was outsourced to Deloitte for

the year and going forward and the role of the Chief

Audit Executive is fulfilled by the Engagement Director.

The ARCC concludes that the Chief Audit Executive and

internal audit arrangements are effective and

independent.

• reviewed feedback from the JSE proactive monitoring

panel and included additional disclosure where

relevant;

• reviewed and confirmed compliance with the JSE

regulations relating to the financial sign-off by the

CEO and CFO on the internal financial framework;

• reviewed the external auditor’s report to the Committee

and management’s responses thereto and made

appropriate recommendations to the Board of

Directors regarding actions to be taken;

• reviewed and commented on the annual financial

statements, interim reports, paid advertisements,

announcements and the accounting policies and

recommended these to the Board for approval;

• reviewed and recommended to the Board for adoption

the consolidated budget for the ensuing financial

year; and

• considered the going concern status of Blue Label on

the basis of review of the annual financial statements

and the information available to the Committee and

recommended such going concern status for adoption

by the Board. The Board statement on the going

concern status of Blue Label is contained in the

Directors’ report.

External audit and non-audit services

The ARCC has satisfied itself as to the independence of

the external auditor, SNGGT, as set out in section 94(7)

of the Companies Act, which includes consideration of

compliance with criteria relating to independence or

conflicts of interest as prescribed by the Independent

Regulatory Board for Auditors, including tenure of the

audit firm and rotation of the designated individual

partner. Requisite assurance was sought from and

provided by SNGGT that internal governance processes

within the firm support and demonstrate its claim to

independence. SNGGT has been the auditor of Blue Label

for one financial year.

STATUTORY DUTIES DISCHARGED

In execution of its statutory duties during the year under

review, the Committee:

• nominated and recommended to shareholders the

reappointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. (PwC)

as independent external auditors, with Pietro Calicchio,

the audit partner, as the registered independent

auditor;

• on 6 February 2023, following the conclusion of a

comprehensive tender process, the ARCC

recommended the appointment of SNGGT as the

external auditors of Blue Label, with Mr A Philippou as

the designated individual audit partner. This change

was necessitated by the mandatory rotation of auditors

in terms of IRBA rules at the time;

• approved the fees to be paid to PwC, SNGGT and other

external auditors, where applicable, and approved the

terms of engagement;

• maintained a non-audit services policy which

determines the nature and extent of any non-audit

services that PwC or SNGGT (as applicable) may provide

to Blue Label;

• discharged those statutory duties as prescribed by

section 94 of the Companies Act, acting in its capacity

as the appointed Audit Committee of the subsidiary

companies of Blue Label;

• considered the Committee’s report describing how

duties have been discharged; and

• submitted matters to the Board concerning Blue Label’s

accounting policies, financial controls, records and

reporting, and key risks identified in the Enterprise-

Wide Risk Management (ERM) process, as appropriate.

OTHER DUTIES TO DISCHARGE

Financial statements and reporting

The Committee:

• monitored compliance with accounting standards

and legal requirements and ensured that all regulatory

compliance matters had been considered in the

preparation of the financial statements;

Blue Label Integrated Annual Report 2023

100

Shareholder information and administration

About us

Strategy and performance

Corporate governance:

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

I am pleased to report that the Human Capital team at

Blue Label and Blue Label Remuneration Committee

continued to place an emphasis on good corporate

governance practices, focusing on the principles of

“pay for performance”’ and “fair and responsible

remuneration”.

Our Remuneration Policy, which incorporated some minor

amendments in 2022 with the aim to create further

alignment with best corporate governance practices,

together with the Implementation Report, were put to a

shareholder vote at the previous AGM on 24 November

2022 and were endorsed with a majority vote of 97.6%,

and 98.74% respectively.

It is also vital that our Remuneration Policy achieves our

goals of attracting and retaining top talent. Accordingly,

the Committee is constantly evaluating how the policy

should be adapted and changed to ensure that Blue Label

achieves this goal while remaining aligned with market/

best practice.

In the current challenging economic environment and

considering the substantial risk posed by the South

African energy crisis (with reference to the impact of

frequent stages of load shedding), the Committee needed

to evaluate whether the stretching Long-Term Incentive

(LTI) performance targets, tied to awards set to vest in

August 2024 and August 2025, remain equitable and

reasonable. This evaluation was crucial for appropriately

incentivising and retaining key and critical talent, namely,

executive and senior management.

Furthermore, for the reporting year, the Committee also

had to evaluate the significance of the impact of load

shedding and the recapitalisation of Cell C on the

measurement of normalised EBITDA and core HEPS.

To enable the Committee to accurately evaluate the

impact of both the recapitalisation event and, more

specifically, the severity of the impact of load shedding

on Blue Label’s variable pay performance results, the

Committee requested that management conduct a

comprehensive “recapitalisation impact analysis”. This

analysis considered the accounting technical (IFRS)

nuances introduced by the successful completion of the

Cell C recapitalisation event. Additionally, the Committee

asked for a “sales and earnings impact analysis” that

accounts for the measurable decline in Blue Label’s “sales

run rate” when overlaid with the load shedding schedules.

Additionally, as in the previous year, the Committee

evaluated the impact on EBITDA as a consequence of

Blue Label’s learnership programme, which negatively

impacts thereon. The benefit thereof is realised through

income tax savings resulting from the section 12H

allowances claimed for these learnerships.

After careful consideration of the above analysis, the

Committee agreed that the measurement of normalised

EBITDA and core HEPS in Blue Label’s FY23 short-term

incentive performance scorecard should be adjusted

to consider both the IFRS impact of the Cell C

recapitalisation event, the quantifiable impact of load

shedding and the learnership programmes.

In addition, the Committee further agreed that based on

the severity of the impact of load shedding on the current

year’s core HEPS results (and the uncertainty of the

impact going forward), and the unfavourable economic

outlook, the LTI performance targets linked to awards that

are scheduled to vest in August 2024 and August 2025

should be downward adjusted, albeit that on-target and

stretch performance should still outperform CPI and

WACC from a core HEPS and ROCE perspective

respectively.

The Committee is comfortable that the above adjusted

LTI targets remain market aligned and sustains

shareholder value, while ensuring that Blue Label’s

management remain motivated to drive stretching but

achievable performance over the next 12 to 24 months.

The performance targets for the 2020 LTI award, which

vested in August 2023, remained unchanged as the

majority of this award’s three-year performance period

was not impacted by load shedding.

Section 1 provides an overview of how the Remuneration

Committee has championed our alignment to King IV’s

Code on Corporate Governance, our areas of focus in

achievement of our policy objectives, our efforts to build

a culture through values and our purpose and alignment

with performance and rewards. We also address diversity

and inclusion, gender and race remuneration parity and

setting new ESG goals.

Section 2 summarises our forward-looking remuneration

philosophy and policy, together with an overview of our

total rewards strategy. Following engagement with PwC

and Remchannel as our remuneration consultants, the

most significant change for the year ahead relates to the

target setting approach for our short-term incentive (STI)

and long-term incentive plans (LTI), with summary details

of the proposed changes outlined below:

• STI scorecard

Core HEPS and normalised EBITDA on-target performance

will be linked to FY24 business plan with threshold and

stretch performance set at 20% under and over

performance of the FY24 Business Plan respectively.

Blue Label Integrated Annual Report 2023

105

Shareholder information and administration

About us

Strategy and performance

Corporate governance:

letter of representation to do so.

On a show of hands, every shareholder present in person

or represented by proxy and entitled to vote shall have

only one vote irrespective of the number of shares such

shareholder holds. On a poll, every shareholder, present

in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote,

shall be entitled to that proportion of the total votes in

the Company which the aggregate amount of the nominal

value of the shares held by such shareholder bears to the

aggregate amount of the nominal value of all shares

issued by the Company.

Certificated shareholders or own-name dematerialised

shareholders who are entitled to attend and vote at the

virtual AGM are entitled to appoint a proxy to attend,

participate in and vote at the virtual AGM in their stead.

A proxy need not also be a shareholder of the Company.

The completion of a form of proxy will not preclude a

shareholder from attending the virtual AGM.

NOTICE OF VIRTUAL ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

Notice is hereby given to Blue Label shareholders

recorded in the Company’s securities register on Friday,

22 September 2023, that the sixteenth Annual General

Meeting (AGM) of shareholders of Blue Label Telecoms

Limited will be held entirely by electronic communication

as permitted by the Companies Act, No 71 of 2008, as

amended (the Companies Act) and by the Company’s

Memorandum of Incorporation (MOI), on Thursday,

23 November 2023 at 10:00 (South African time), to

conduct such business as may lawfully be dealt with at

the AGM and to consider and, if deemed fit, pass, with or

without modification, the ordinary and special resolutions

set out hereunder in the manner required by the

Companies Act, No 71 of 2008 (Act or Companies Act),

as read with the Listings Requirements.

In terms of section 63(1) of the Act, meeting participants

(including proxies) will be required to provide reasonably

satisfactory identification before being entitled to

participate in or vote at the AGM. Acceptable forms of

identification include original and valid identity

documents, driving licences and passports.

RECORD DATES, PROXIES AND VOTING

In terms of sections 59(1)(a) and (b) of the Act, the Board

of the Company has set the record date for the purpose

of determining which shareholders are entitled to:

• receive notice of the virtual AGM (being the date on

which a shareholder must be registered in the

Company’s shareholders’ register in order to receive

notice of the virtual AGM) as Friday, 22 September 2023;

• participate in and vote at the virtual AGM (being the

date on which a shareholder must be registered in the

Company’s shareholders’ register in order to participate

in and vote at the virtual AGM) as Friday, 17 November

2023; and

• the last date to trade to participate in and vote at the

virtual AGM is Tuesday, 14 November 2023.

Blue Label Integrated Annual Report 2023

138

About us

Strategy and performance

Shareholder information and administration

Corporate governance:

letter

of representation by the relevant entity and a

certified copy of the identity documents and/or

passports of the persons who passed the relevant

resolution or signed the relevant: letter of

representation. The letter of representation or

resolution must set out from whom the relevant

entity is authorised to represent the entity at the

virtual AGM via electronic communication;

(iii) a valid e-mail address and/or facsimile number

(contact address/number); and

(iv) by no later than 24 (twenty-four) hours before the

virtual AGM the Company shall use its reasonable

endeavours to notify a shareholder at its contact

address/number of the relevant details through

which the shareholder can participate via

electronic communication.

(c) The costs borne by the shareholder or his/her/its

proxy(ies) in relation to the dial-in facility will be for

his/her/its own account.

appropriately legitimate and reasonable objections and

concerns.

Ordinary resolution number 13:

letter of representation from their

CSDP or broker, as the case may be. This must be done in terms of the agreement entered into

between the dematerialised shareholder and their CSDP or broker. If the CSDP or broker, as the

case may be, does not obtain instructions from such dematerialised shareholders, it will be

obliged to act in terms of the mandate furnished to it, or if the mandate is silent in this regard,

to abstain from voting. Such dematerialised shareholders, other than own-name dematerialised

shareholders, must not complete this form of proxy and should read note 10 overleaf.

Full name: I/We

of (address)

(BLOCK LETTERS)

Telephone: (Work)

Telephone: (Home)

Fax:

Cell number:

being the holder(s) of

Blue Label shares hereby appoint:

1.

or failing him/her,

2.

or failing him/her,

3. the Chairman of the AGM, as my/our proxy to vote for me/us on my/our behalf at the AGM

of Blue Label shareholders to be held at 10:00 on Thursday, 23 November 2023, or any

adjournment thereof as follows:

Resolution

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1:

Election of Ms H Masondo as a Director of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 2:

Election of Ms LE Mthimunye as a Director of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 3:

Re-election of Mr BM Levy as a Director of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 4:

Re-election of Mr JS Mthimunye as a Director of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 5:

Re-election of Ms NP Mnxasana as a Director of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 6:

Reappointment of external auditor

Ordinary resolution number 7:

Election of Ms NP Mnxasana as a member of the Audit, Risk and

Compliance Committee

Ordinary resolution number 8:

Election of Mr JS Mthimunye as a member and Chairman of the

Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee

Ordinary resolution number 9:

Election of Ms LE Mthimunye as a member of the Audit, Risk and

Compliance Committee

Ordinary resolution number 10:

Election of Mr SJ Vilakazi as a member of the Audit, Risk and

Compliance Committee

Ordinary resolution number 11:

Non-binding advisory endorsement of the remuneration and

reward policy

Ordinary resolution number 12:

Non-binding advisory endorsement of the remuneration

implementation report

Ordinary resolution number 13:

Directors’ authority to implement ordinary and special resolutions

Special resolution number 1:

Non-executive Directors’ remuneration

Special resolution number 2:

General authority to repurchase shares

Signed at

on

day of

2023

Signature

Assisted by (if applicable)

Please read the notes on the reverse side hereof.

Blue Label Integrated Annual Report 2023

144

About us

Strategy and performance

Shareholder information and administration

Corporate governance:

letter of

representation to do so or should provide their nominee

or, if applicable, their CSDP or broker timeously with their

voting instruction should they not wish to attend the

virtual AGM in person, in order for their nominee to vote

in accordance with their instruction at the virtual AGM.

11. A vote given in terms of an instrument of proxy shall be

valid in relation to the virtual AGM notwithstanding the

death of the person granting it, the transfer of the shares

in respect of which the vote is given, unless an intimation

in writing of such death or transfer is received by the

Transfer Secretaries, before the commencement of the

virtual AGM.

12. Where this form of proxy is signed under power of

attorney, such power of attorney must accompany this

form of proxy, unless previously recorded by the Transfer

Secretaries or unless this requirement is waived by the

Chairman of the AGM.

13. A minor or any other person under legal incapacity must

be assisted by his/her parent or guardian, as applicable,

unless the relevant documents establishing his/her

capacity are produced or have been registered by

Blue Label or the Transfer Secretaries.

14. Unless revoked, an appointment of a proxy pursuant to

this form of proxy remains valid only until the end of the

virtual AGM or any postponement or adjournment of the

virtual AGM. This form of proxy shall be valid at any

resumption of a postponed or adjourned meeting to

which it relates although this form of proxy shall not be

used at the resumption of the postponed or adjourned

virtual AGM if it could not be used at the virtual AGM for

any reason other than it was not lodged timeously for the

virtual AGM. This form of proxy shall, in addition to the

authority conferred by the Act, except insofar as it

provides otherwise, be deemed to confer the power

generally to act at the meeting in question, subject to

any specific direction contained in this form of proxy as

to the manner of voting.

Secretaries by this time, you will be required to furnish

a copy of such form of proxy to the Chairman of the

meeting before the appointed proxy exercises any of

their rights at the meeting.

4. Any alteration or correction made to this form of proxy

must be initialled by the signatory(ies).

5. Documentary evidence establishing the authority of a

person signing this form of proxy in a representative

capacity must be attached to this form of proxy unless

previously recorded by the Transfer Secretaries or waived

by the Chairman of the AGM.

6. The completion and lodging of this form of proxy will not

preclude the relevant shareholder from attending the

virtual AGM and speaking and voting in person thereat

to the exclusion of any proxy appointed in terms hereof,

should such shareholder wish to do so.

7. The Chairman of the AGM may accept or reject any form

of proxy which is completed and/or received other than

in accordance with these notes and instructions,

provided that the Chairman is satisfied as to the manner

in which the shareholder wishes to vote.

8. Where there are joint holders of shares:

8.1 any such persons may vote at the virtual AGM in

respect of such joint shares as if he/she/it were solely

entitled thereto;

8.2 any one holder may sign this form of proxy; and

8.3 if more than one such joint holders are present or

represented at the virtual AGM, the vote(s) of the

senior shareholder (for that purpose seniority will

be determined by the order in which the names of

shareholders appear in the register) who tenders a

vote (whether in person or by proxy) will be accepted

to the exclusion of the vote(s) of the other joint

shareholder(s).

9. Own-name dematerialised shareholders will be entitled

to attend the virtual AGM in person or, if they are unable

to attend and wish to be represented thereat, must

complete and return the attached form of proxy to the

Transfer Secretaries in accordance with the time specified

on the form of proxy.

NOTES TO FORM OF PROXY

A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the virtual AGM

may appoint one or more persons as his/her/its proxy to

attend, speak or vote in his/her/its stead at the virtual AGM.

A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company.

On a show of hands, every shareholder shall have one vote

(irrespective of the number of shares held). On a poll, every

shareholder shall have, for each share held by him/her/it that

proportion of the total votes in the Company which the

aggregate amount of the nominal value of that share held by

him/her/it bears to the aggregate amount of the nominal

value of all the shares issued by the Company.

1. A shareholder may insert the name of a proxy or the

names of two alternative proxies of his/her/its choice in

the spaces provided with or without deleting “the

Chairman of the AGM”, but any such deletion must be

initialled by the Blue Label shareholder. The person

whose name appears first on the form of proxy and who

is present at the virtual AGM will be entitled to act as

proxy to the exclusion of those whose names follow.

2. Please insert with an “X” or insert the number of shares in

the relevant spaces according to how you wish your votes

to be cast. If you wish to cast your votes in respect of a

lesser number of Blue Label shares exercisable by you,

insert the number of Blue Label shares held in respect of

which you wish to vote. Failure to comply with the above

will be deemed to authorise and compel the Chairman, if

the Chairman is an authorised proxy, to vote in favour of

the resolutions, or to authorise any other proxy to vote

for or against the resolutions or abstain from voting as

he/she/it deems fit, in respect of all the shareholders’

votes exercisable thereat. A shareholder or his/her/its

proxy is not obliged to use all the votes exercisable by the

shareholder or his/her/its proxy, but the total of the votes

cast and in respect whereof abstention is recorded may

not exceed the total of the votes exercisable by the

shareholder or his/her/its proxy.

3. For administrative purposes, forms of proxy must be

lodged with the Transfer Secretaries at Rosebank Towers,

15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, 2196. (Private Bag

X9000, Saxonwold, 2132). Faxed to: +27 11 688 5238 or

e-mailed to: proxy@computershare.co.za, to be received

by no later than 10:00 on Tuesday, 21 November 2023.

Should the form of proxy not be delivered to the Transfer

Blue Label Integrated Annual Report 2023

145

About us

Strategy and performance

Shareholder information and administration

Corporate governance:

