Managing Director’s report

12

Chief Financial Officer’s report

CORPORATE PROFILE

20-29

20

Africa footprint

22

Group structure

24

Focusing on Namibia

26

Services

27

Vision and mission statement

28

Key events in our history

150

Notice to the Annual General Meeting

152

Proxy form

154

Corporate Information

158

Glossary

150-153

VALUE CREATION

32-41

32

Business model

34

Addressing stakeholder interests

36

Investment strategy

37

Paratus strategy

38

Material matters

39

5-year review

40

Paratus Social Investment report

GOVERNANCE

44-67

Board of directors and independent

44

Committee members

47

Corporate Governance

54

Investment Committee

55

Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee

59

Remuneration and Nomination Committee

64

Environmental, Social and Governance Committee

76

Directors’ Responsibility

77

Independent Auditor’s report

82

Directors’ report

Consolidated and Separate

86

Statements of Financial Position

Consolidated and Separate Statements

88

of Comprehensive Income

Consolidated and Separate

90

Statements of Changes in Equity

Consolidated and Separate

92

Statements of Cash Flows

93

Accounting Policies

Notes to the Consolidated and

103

Separate Annual Financial Statements

GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

76-149

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

70-72

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023 3:

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT

A lot of effort was put into our sales distribution channel with the expansion of

our retail outlet footprint countrywide. We now have 14 outlets countrywide,

where customers can go to sign up for Paratus products. In addition to

this we also signed up as an authorised Apple reseller giving access to the

product range through our retail outlets. Adoption of our online signup portal

LEADERSHIP REFLECTIONS

27

459

TOWNS ON PARATUS

INFRASTRUCTURE

KM OF FIBER INCLUDING TRANS

KALAHARI FIBE IN THE NORTH

is going very well with almost 50% of new customer acquisition happening

on this digital platform.

Paratus embarked on an exciting project, partnering with shops as resellers

in the informal settlements. This project has created brand awareness in

those communities and an additional income stream for the shop owners.

Reflection and acknowledgement of our customers’ needs was one of our

objectives for the past year.

We conducted quite a few customer surveys as well as direct engagement

to understand their needs. We took this information into consideration when

we built our new product offerings that were launched when Equiano went

live in June 2023.

We continued to develop and evolve our back-office systems to improve

our service levels and ease of engagement with our customers. We are in

the process of deploying a new Accounting/CRM software which will be

implemented in the new financial year.:

Managing Director

29 November 2023

LEADERSHIP REFLECTIONS:

Managing Director of IJG Securities. Romé has a passion for financial markets and is

extremely well regarded in this space. He developed both of Namibia’s official bond and equity indices, to which billions of

Namibian Dollars of invested funds are benchmarked by the country and region’s asset managers. He has managed assets

for various companies and individuals, focusing on customised segregated portfolios for specialised purposes. Romé

served as a director of the NSX from July 2015 to April 2018 and has been involved in several debt and equity listings. He is

a local valuation expert, having valued various companies from start-ups to large mining entities.

Stefanus Isaias (Stefan) de Bruin (50) (Executive Director)

Appointed: 8 August 2017

Qualifications: B Com (Hons), CA (Nam), H DIP (Tax)

Nationality: Namibian

Function and Committees: Group Chief Financial Officer – Paratus Group

Background: Stefan has more than 20 years of experience in operations and finance of which the last fifteen years were

spent as an executive director of Namibian listed entities. Stefan is currently the Chief Financial Officer of the Paratus

Group. Stefan joined Old Mutual Investment Group Property Investments (Proprietary) Limited (“OMIGPI”) in August 2008

and served as a representative director of Oryx Properties Limited (NSX listed company) as well as Oryx Management

Services (Proprietary) Limited, a subsidiary of OMIGPI until November 2010. Stefan resigned from OMIGPI with the

internalisation of the asset and finance management functions of Oryx Properties Limited and was appointed by Oryx

Properties Limited as Chief Executive Officer. He served as a non-executive director of the NSX from 2013 to 2016. During

this period, he served as Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee. Stefan also served as a non-executive director of the

Old Mutual Orion Namibia Pension and Provident Funds from 2016 to 2019. During this period, he also served as Chairman

of the Audit and Risk Committee. He is currently the Chairman of the Professional Provident Society Insurance Company

(Namibia) Limited (PPS) board and was appointed as non-executive director of the NSX on 01 May 2023, representing the

listed sector. He was previously a senior manager for Tax and Legal Services at PricewaterhouseCoopers from 2002 to

2003, Financial Manager at Siemens Namibia (Proprietary) Limited from 2003 to 2005 and Financial Director at Siemens

Namibia (Proprietary) Limited from 2005 to 2008.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND RISK MANAGEMENT

Andrew Hall (41) (Executive Director)

Appointed: 25 September 2019

Qualifications: B. Comm with specialization in Entrepreneurship – Cum Laude (UNISA), Project Management (PMBOK)

SBL UNISA

Nationality: Namibian

Function and Committees:: Managing

Managing Director of Cadence Capital, an Unlisted Investment Manager in Namibia.

Josephine Naango Ndakulilwa Shikongo (40) (Independent Non-Executive Director)

Appointed: 8 August 2017

Qualifications: Associate Chartered Management Accountant (ACMA), Chartered Global Management Accountant

(CGMA), MPA: Strategic Public Management & Leadership, CIMA Advanced Diploma in Management Accounting, CIMA

Diploma in Management Accounting, CIMA Certificate in Business Accounting, National Diploma: Accounting & Finance

Nationality: Namibian

Function and Committees: Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee and Remuneration and Nomination Committee

Background: Josephine Shikongo is an accomplished finance executive with a proven track record spanning over 15 years

in finance and administration roles. She possesses a wealth of expertise in financial KPI reporting, budget formulation,

compilation, and tracking, cash flow forecasting, tax and regulatory compliance, financial modelling, as well as transaction

structuring. Currently, Josephine holds the position of Senior Financial Advisor at a leading US-based EdTech company,

where she assumes responsibility for overseeing the finance function and developing robust financial strategies in the

rapidly evolving tech industry. Her role includes spearheading financial information for capital raising initiatives and mergers

and acquisitions (M&A) and making significant contributions to enhancing the organization's financial performance.

Concurrently, Josephine is actively pursuing the completion of her doctorate degree, further expanding her knowledge and

professional qualifications. In addition to her executive role, Josephine serves on various boards, leveraging her expertise

to contribute to the strategic direction and governance of esteemed organizations. With her strong leadership acumen, she

excels at driving performance through teams, fostering collaboration, and delivering exceptional results.

Schalk Leipoldt Van Zyl Erasmus (47) (Executive Director)

Appointed: 8 August 2017

Qualifications: Various diplomas (Bookkeeping, Accounting, Project Management)

Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE) and Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)

Nationality: Namibian

Function and Committees: Group Chief Executive Officer – Paratus Group

Background: Schalk has been in the Service Provider and telecommunications Industry for almost twenty years and has

co-founded various operating companies in Africa. Schalk is currently the Chief Executive Officer of the Paratus Group,

operating in over 35 African countries with physical presence in 7 African Countries which include: Angola, Botswana,

Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Zambia and Democratic Republic of the Congo. The Africa success story is a

testament to his technical capabilities and leadership skills. Formerly, Schalk was a cofounder, shareholder, and Technical

Director of Internet Technologies Namibia (Proprietary) Limited from inception in 2004 till 2014 when the Company was

incorporated into Paratus Telecommunications (Proprietary) Limited. Prior to this Schalk managed his own business

ventures from 2000 till 2004, offering technical support to the Corporate Companies and various NGO’s including United

States Agency for International Development (“USAID”), Family Health International (“FHI”) and the United Nations (“UN”).

Prior to 2000, Schalk obtained various Diplomas in Software Support, Bookkeeping and Accounting. Schalk also obtained

his MCSE (Microsoft Certified System Engineer) and later his Cisco Certification. Schalk was also a Microsoft Certified

Trainer (“MCT”) where he conducted training on almost all Microsoft Products in Namibia and South Africa. During the

late 90’s Schalk became the Branch Manager of ISU Campus (Windhoek), an authorised Training and Certification Center

in SADC. Schalk was also the Project Lead in the Gauteng province with the Lotus Notes integration to all Brokers during

the reinvention of the ABSA brand in South Africa, with the consolidation of Volkskas, United Bank, Trust Bank and Allied.:

Managing Director: Namibia, Executive director

Barney Harmse

25 September 2019

Group Executive Chairman, Executive director

Rolf Mendelsohn²

25 September 2019

Group Chief Technology Officer, Alternate director

Gert Duvenhage3

13 June 2023 Group

Chief Operations Officer, Alternate director

01

02

03

04

05

06

07

ETHICAL STANDARDS

The board leads effectively through ethical standards, serving

as the lead implementer of corporate governance frameworks.

STAKEHOLDER INCLUSIVITY

The board ensures the adoption of a stakeholder-inclusive

approach, balancing internal and external stakeholders' needs,

interests, and expectations through accurate reporting from

assurance functions supporting the integrity of the information

that enables stakeholders to make informed decisions as to

long-term financial sustainability.

RESPONSIBLE CORPORATE CITIZEN

The board ensures that the organisation is seen as a

responsible corporate citizen through compliance with

applicable laws, rules, and standards achieved through the

implementation of environmental, social and governance

pillars informed by ethical business practices.

EFFICIENT PERFORMANCE

The board should effectively delegate through a supportive

structure allowing for delegation to various committees, chairs

and individuals, its management teams and ensuring clarity, the

exercise of authority, and distribution of power that promotes

the efficient performance of duties and responsibilities.

PEOPLE-CENTRIC APPROACH

The Board should ensure a people-centric approach giving

effect to the rights of the employee through open and

transparent employment relationships, based on equality and

fairness of basic conditions of employment and the structure

of promotion leading to the achievement of human capital

objectives in the short, medium, and long-term.

USE OF TECHNOLOGY

The board ensures the full utilisation of technology to its

advantage, complying with data security, process and

protection of personal data, and all functions of Information

Technology at its disposal to achieve its strategic goals.

HOLISTIC RISK MANAGEMENT

The board ensures the implementation of holistic risk

management to identify, monitor, and mitigate organisational

risks,

including

IT,

financial,

operational,

investment,

infrastructure in a way that supports achieving its strategic

goals.

¹ South African

² alternate director to Barney Harmse

3 alternate director to Andrew Hall:

letter of appointment.

Inexperienced directors will be assisted, with the guidance of the Chairperson,

to participate in mentoring programmes where available. The need for

continuing professional development programmes will be identified as part

of the annual assessment of the performance of the directors.

Directors will be provided with regular briefings on changes in risks, laws and

the environment but will also be expected to keep abreast of developments

in the business environment and markets that may have a material impact

on the business.

As part of the succession policy of the Board, suitably qualified candidates

GOVERNANCE:

letter;

• recommend letters of representation and other documentation for Board

approval;

• recommend approval of annual reports and interim results to Board;

• recommend approval of annual budgets to Board;

• recommend approval of NSX announcements to Board;

• agree and recommend accounting policies to Board;

• approve funding structures and hedges;

• approve valuations of fixed property;

• agree and recommend the declaration and payment of dividends to Board;

• reporting to Board on proceedings of the Committee;

• monitor the corporate risk assessment process;

• monitor the financial risk assessment process and the Committee must

review;

• financial risks;

° internal financial controls;

° fraud risk as they relate to financial reporting;

° IT risk as they relate to financial reporting; and

° reporting to the NSX in the annual NSX compliance, that the

Committee has monitored compliance during the year concerned;

• consider problems identified in the going concern assumption;

• consider the appropriateness and disclosure of related party transactions;

• the Committee oversees integrated reporting;

• have reasonable regard to all material factors and risks that may impact

on the integrity of the Integrated Report;

• review the financial statements, interim reports, preliminary or provisional

results announcement, summarised integrated information, any other

intended release of price-sensitive information and prospectuses, trading

statements and similar documents;

• the Committee ensures that a combined assurance model is applied to

provide a coordinated approach to all assurance activities;

• the Committee satisfies itself of the expertise, resources and experience

of the finance function of the Group; and

• the Committee shall be responsible for overseeing any internal audit function.

EXTERNAL AUDIT

As regards External Audit, the Committee:

• is satisfied with their independence especially where non-audit services

are performed;

• agreed the principles with the external auditors without limiting their

statutory obligations;

• decided on the extent of external verification of non-financial information;

• decided on the external review of interim results; and

• recommends that PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) be re-appointed for

the financial year ending 30 June 2024 and has overseen the external

audit process; and

• recommended the proposed audit fees by the external auditors to the

Board during June 2023.

The external auditor attended the majority of committee meetings and has

unfettered access to the ARC chairperson and the Board.

The ARC meets at least once a year with the external auditors without

management present, if so required.

These may be separate meetings or meetings held before or after a scheduled

ARC meeting.

INTERNAL AUDIT

The Committee has established an appropriate internal audit function taking

into consideration the size of the Company and/or Group.

The Committee outsourced this function to address specified risk areas to

external service providers.

INTERNAL CONTROLS

These financial statements support the viability, accountability and effective

internal control processes of PNH.

The system of internal financial and operational controls is the responsibility of

the Board. Management ensures that assets are protected, systems operate

effectively, and all valid transactions are recorded properly.

Risks and controls are reviewed and monitored regularly for relevance and

effectiveness. Internal controls are designed to mitigate and not to eliminate

significant risks faced. Such a system provides reasonable but not absolute

assurance against error, omission, misstatement or loss. This is achieved

through a combination of risk identification, evaluation and monitoring

processes, appropriate decision-making, assurance and control functions

such as risk management and compliance.

Based on reviews, information and explanations given by management, reports

from the internal audit function and discussions with the external auditors on

the results of their audit, the Committee is satisfied that the system of internal

controls of PNH operated effectively in the year under review. Nothing has

come to the Committee’s attention that causes it to believe that the system of

internal financial controls is not effective.

FINANCE FUNCTION

The Committee has reviewed the financial statements of the Company and

Group and is satisfied that they comply with IFRS.

The external auditor has expressed an unmodified opinion on the financial

statements for the year ended June 2023, refer to pages 77 to 79.

The Committee is satisfied that Stefan de Bruin, the Group CFO for the financial

year ended 30 June 2023 has the appropriate expertise and experience to meet

his responsibilities in the position. The expertise, experience and adequacy of

the resources making up the finance function were also considered, and the

Committee is satisfied that these are appropriate.

GOING CONCERN

The Committee has reviewed a documented assessment, including key

assumptions prepared by Management. The group is in a sound financial

position (total assets exceed total liabilities).

Current liabilities exceed the current assets, but do not require cash flow to

settle. Current liabilities exceed current assets due to the following:

• N$37.65 million payable relates to a portion of the Equiano Submarine

Cable Branch acquisition price, which was not converted to a service yet.

Once the fiber route running between Buitepos and Lobatse in Botswana

is completed, the remaining liability of N$37.65 million will be converted to

a service on this route and the liability will be settled;

• The N$175 million bond maturing during June 2024, which is currently

reflected under current liabilities, is to be rolled over. It is therefore not the

intention to settle this bond at maturity;

• No cash flow is required to settle the N$21.6 million contract liability. This

is to be settled during the next 12 months through services on current

Paratus infrastructure.

The Group has adequate access to borrowing facilities and investments to

meet foreseeable cash requirements; no non-compliance with statutory or:

Managing Director: Namibia, Executive director

Barney Harmse

25 September 2019

Group Executive Chairman, Executive director

Rolf Mendelsohn²

25 September 2019

Group Chief Technology Officer, Alternate director

Gert Duvenhage3

13 June 2023 Group

Chief Operations Officer, Alternate director:

MANAGING DIRECTOR: NAMIBIA

Andrew Hall

Tel. +264 83 300 1000

E-mail: andrew@paratus.africa

GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Stefan de Bruin

Tel. +264 83 300 1000

E-mail: stefan@paratus.africa

GROUP EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN

Barney Harmse

Tel. +264 83 300 1000

E-mail: barney@paratus.africa

GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Schalk Erasmus

Tel. +264 83 300 1000

E-mail: schalk@paratus.africa

TRANSFER SECRETARIES

Transfer Secretaries (Proprietary) Limited

4 Robert Mugabe Avenue

(entrance in Burg Street opposite 2A Chateau St)

Windhoek, Namibia

P.O. Box 2401

Windhoek, Namibia

Tel: +264 61 227647

E-mail: Alexandreah@nsx.com.na

AUDITORS AND REPORTING ACCOUNTANT

PricewaterhouseCoopers (Chartered Accountants (Namibia))

Registered Accountants and Auditors

344 Independence Avenue

Windhoek, Namibia

P.O. Box 1571

Windhoek, Namibia

Tel: +264 61 284 1000

COMMERCIAL BANKS

Bank Windhoek Limited

Head Office

262 Independence Avenue

Windhoek, Namibia

P.O. Box 15

Windhoek, Namibia

First National Bank Namibia

FNB Windhoek Parkside Head Office

130 Independence Avenue c/o Fidel Castro

Windhoek, Namibia

P.O. Box 195

Windhoek, Namibia

SPONSOR

Simonis Storm Securities

4 Koch Street

Klein Windhoek

Windhoek, Namibia

P.O. Box 3970

Windhoek, Namibia

Tel: +264 61 254 194

E-mail: info@sss.com.na

www.sss.com.na/

LEGAL ADVISORS

Cronjé Inc.

1 Charles

Cathral Street

Windhoek, Namibia

P.O. Box 81588

Olympia

Windhoek, Namibia

Tel: +264 61 247435/7

E-mail: info@cronjelaw.com www.cronjelaw.com

ENS AFRICA

3rd Floor, Unit 4

LA Chambers

Ausspann Plaza

Dr. Agostinho Neto Road

Windhoek, Namibia

Private Bag 12007

Ausspannplatz

Windhoek

Namibia

tel: +264 61 379 700

fax: +264 61 379 701

email: infoWDH@ENSafrica.com

COMPANY REGISTRATION NUMBER: 2017/0558

WEBSITE: HTTPS://INVEST.PARATUS.AFRICA

SHARE CODE: PNH

ISIN: NA000A2DTQ42

CORPORATE INFORMATION:

Managing Director

MEEM

Multi-period Excess Earnings Method

MRR

Monthly Recurring Revenue

NAMCODE

Namibian Code

NENS

Namibian Exchange News Service

NGO

Not for gain organisations

NOC

Network Operations Center

NRR

Non-recurring Revenue

NSX

Namibian Stock Exchange

OMIGPI

Old Mutual Investment Group Property

Investments (Proprietary) Limited

PARATUS

Paratus Telecommunications (Proprietary) Limited

PCI-DSS

Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards

PNH

Paratus Namibia Holdings Limited

POS

Point of sale

PPS

Professional Provident Society Insurance

Company (Namibia) Limited

PTNA

Paratus Telecommunications (Proprietary) Limited

PV

Photo Voltaic

PWC

PricewaterhouseCoopers

RAN

Radio Access Network

REMCO

Remuneration and Nomination Committee

RFS

Ready-For-Service

ROU

right of use

SDGS

The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals

SLA

Service Level Agreements

THE GROUP

Paratus Namibia Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries

UN

United Nations

USAID

United States Agency for International Development:

