Dear stakeholders

It gives me great pleasure to present satisfactory financial

results despite having experienced a year defined by global

macroeconomic challenges and inflationary pressures.

This uncertain context was largely fuelled by fragmented

economic recovery after the COVID-19 pandemic and

new challenges such as the war in Ukraine. The power

crisis in South Africa, higher interest costs, start-up

losses in Ethiopia, M&A costs, and higher inflation

across our markets contributed to muted net

profit growth of 2.1%.

Raisibe Morathi, CFO

Vodacom Group Limited Integrated report for the year ended 31 March 2023

52:

Dear stakeholders

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased

to present Vodacom Group’s FY2023

remuneration report. This report

includes our remuneration philosophy

and policy for executive directors and

NEDs. It provides a description of how

the policy has been implemented, and

discloses payments made to NEDs and

executive directors during the year.

Phuthi Mahanyele-Dabengwa

RemCo Chairman

New STI framework

Customer

Growth

NPS

20%

Churn

10%

Service

revenue

20%

Revenue

market share

10%

EBIT

20%

Free

cash flow

20%

Global focus on sustainability and its role relating to remuneration has increased significantly over the year. Our decision to include ESG measures in

our LTI performance conditions aligns with this emerging trend. We carefully selected these measures to align with our purpose pillars, and we

enhanced our disclosure of performance measures this year. We provided specific, stretching and measurable targets for GHG reduction, women in

management and financial services customers.

We are cognisant of fair pay and equity. As such, we noted the proposals in the draft Companies Amendment Bill which were circulated for public

comment in October 2021. The proposals included disclosures of:

z Statistics regarding the highest and lowest paid employees; and

z An overall pay gap measure determined as the average total remuneration of the top 5% highest versus 5% lowest paid employees.

Remunerating to reward value creation

Vodacom Group Limited Integrated report for the year ended 31 March 2023

108:

