Letter to

Stakeholders

107

Financial

Statements

108 Consolidated

176 Standalone

239

Notice

2

Ajanta Pharma

at a Glance:

Letter to Stakeholders

Creating a Differentiated

Branded Generics Portfolio

Segment Review

Our Branded Generics business stood at 73% of the

revenue in FY 2023, attributed to 32% in India, 26% in

Asia, and 15% in Africa. This was the result of our robust

product pipeline and excellent execution of the strategy

across markets.

Generics business in the US contributed 22% of the total

revenue in FY 2023 with a growth of 19%. Our growth

accelerated due to favourable conditions brought on by

an intense flu season, during which our oral suspension

medication played a crucial role in saving numerous

children's lives. Driven by a sense of humanitarian urgency,

we stretched our resources to safeguard these young lives,

even though the significant logistical costs associated with

this effort had a substantial impact on our profit margins.

Our Institutional business in Africa posted a de-growth of

5% due to lower demand from the sponsors.

Financial Highlights

Revenue from operations grew by 12% to H 3,743 cr.,

displaying robust performance. Our EBITDA margin fell

to 21% in FY 2023 due to the reasons mentioned earlier.

Our net profit for the year fell by 16% to H 588 cr.

Our balance sheet position remains pristine with H 841 cr.

as cash and liquid investments. We generated a free cash

flow of H 463 cr. in the year, up from H 453 cr. in the previous

financial year. We remain prudent in our capital allocation

by returning excess cash generated in the business

to shareholders.

For us, our human capital is the most invaluable asset.

We continue to strive to upskill our employees and ensure

that they are well-equipped to achieve their professional

goals and aspirations while staying aligned with our

Company’s objectives.

We take this opportunity to express our deepest

appreciation to all our employees and their families for

their inspiring contribution in our journey. We also thank

you for your continuing trust, support, and commitment

to Ajanta.

Warm regards,

Yogesh M. Agrawal

Rajesh M. Agrawal: Managing

Managing Director

Madhusudan B. Agrawal M M

Vice Chairman

Yogesh M. Agrawal C C M: Managing Director

Arvind K. Agrawal

Chief Financial Officer

Gaurang C. Shah

Company Secretary

M/s B S R & Co. LLP

Auditors

M/s Sevekari, Khare & Associates

Cost Auditors

CIN No.

L24230MH1979PLC022059

Registered Office

Ajanta House, Charkop, Kandivali (West),

Mumbai – 400 067

Tel: +91 22 6606 1000

Website: www.ajantapharma.com

E-mail: corpcom@ajantapharma.com

Corporate Information

Chandrakant M. Khetan C M M

Independent Director

Prabhakar R. Dalal C M

Independent Director

K. H. Viswanathan M M M

Independent Director

Dr. Anjana Grewal M M

Independent Director

Air emission levels and waste generated quantity by the

Company are much below the permissible limit approved

by regulatory authorities. The Company adheres to all

applicable environmental laws and regulations. It also

conserves consumption of water by recycling every drop

of water in its manufacturing facilities. The Company also

follows zero discharge from its units.

Below data is for FY 2023 based on the actual output of

renewable energy and energy-saving measures taken

during the year.

Audit Committee

Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee

Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee

Nomination & Remuneration

Committee

Executive Committee

Risk Management Committee

C -

Dear Shareholders,

Your directors have pleasure in presenting Forty-Fourth Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements of the

Company for the Year ended 31 March 2023.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REVIEW

The Consolidated and Standalone Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March 2023 have been prepared

in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind

AS), Section 133 and other applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the applicable provisions

of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (“Listing Regulations”).

Summarised Position of the Financials Statements is Given Below:

(H cr.)

Particulars

Consolidated

Standalone

Year ended 31 March

2023

2022

2023

2022

Revenue from operations

3,743

3,341

3,411

3,141

Other Income

99

116

133

140

Profit before Depreciation, Finance Costs and Tax expense

882

1,045

832

1,031

Profit after Tax

588

713

559

720

Total Comprehensive Income

603

705

556

720

Earnings Per Share (EPS) (H) (Basic)

45.89

54.97

43.61

55.52

The Company discloses consolidated and standalone

financial results on a quarterly basis, which are subjected

to limited review and publishes consolidated & standalone

audited financial results annually.

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

Company continues to be engaged in development,

manufacturing and sale of specialty pharmaceutical

formulations with specific emphasis on branded generics

in various therapeutic segments in India and more than

30 countries worldwide.

During the year under review, Consolidated Revenue from

Operations augmented at H 3,743 cr., 12% higher than the

previous year. Consolidated Profit After Tax stood at

H 588 cr. lower by 17.5% then the previous year due to

abnormal increase in raw material and freight costs.

Exports contributed 68% of the revenue.

DIVIDEND

During the year under review, the Board had declared an

interim dividend of H 7/- per equity share at its meeting

held on 3 November 2022. Total dividend payout was

H 89.69 cr. The Board recommends interim dividend to be

considered as final dividend for FY 2023.

Dividend payout is in accordance with the Company’s

Dividend Distribution Policy and the same is available on

the website of the Company and can be accessed at

https://ajantapharma.com//images/DividendPolicy.pdf

SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT

VENTURES

The Company has Four overseas subsidiaries and it does

not have any Associate company or Joint Venture.

Salient features of the Financial Statements of subsidiaries

are provided in the AOC-1 statement annexed herewith as

“Annexure A”.

Audited Financial Statements of subsidiaries are available

on Company’s website at www.ajantapharma.com and the

same are also available for inspection at the Registered

Office of the Company during business hours as stipulated

under Section 136 of the Act. The same will be made

available to interested members upon getting request.

Ajanta Pharma USA Inc. is a material subsidiary in

accordance with the provisions of the Listing Regulations

read with the Company’s “Policy on Material Subsidiaries”.

The policy can be accessed at https://ajantapharma.

com//images/PolicyonMaterialSubsidiaries.pdf

Directors’ Report

SHARE CAPITAL

There was no change in authorised share capital of the

Company during the year under review.



Employee Stock Option Scheme

Company has formulated and implemented Ajanta

Pharma Share-Based Incentive Plan 2019 (“SBIP

2019”) which is administered by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee (“NRC”). There was no

change in the scheme during the year.

During the year under review, 1,000 shares were

issued and allotted against the options exercised.

Disclosures with regard to SBIP 2019 are put up on the

Company’s website and can be accessed at https://

www.ajantapharma.com/ajanta/Investors/annual_

results/?year=2022-23.

M/s. Alwyn D'Souza & Co., Secretarial Auditors have

issued certificate confirming that SBIP 2019 has

been implemented in accordance with the SEBI

Regulations and the resolution passed by members

in general meeting. The certificate will be available

for inspection by members at the ensuing Annual

General Meeting (“AGM”).

 Bonus Shares

Board of Directors had at their meeting held on

10 May 2022 approved issue of bonus shares to the

members in the ratio of 1:2 i.e. one new fully paid-

up equity share of H 2/- each to be issued for every

two equity shares held. Post bonus issue, paid-up

equity shares of the Company stood increased from

8,54,16,770 equity shares to 12,81,25,155 equity

shares of H 2/- each.

Issued bonus shares in the ratio of 1:2

 Buy-back of Shares

At the meeting held on 10 March 2023, Board had

approved buy-back of 22,10,500 (Twenty-two lakhs

ten thousand five hundred) fully paid-up equity shares

of the face value of H 2/- each, from the existing

shareholders / beneficial owners of equity shares

of the Company on a proportionate basis, through

“Tender Offer” route, at a price of H 1,425/- (Rupees

One Thousand Four Hundred and Twenty-Five only) per

equity share, for an aggregate amount of H 315.00 cr.

Share buy-back amounting to L 315 cr.

during the year

Buy-back represented 2.59% (not adjusted for bonus

undertaken by the Company) of the subscribed and paid-

up equity share capital of the Company. Post Buyback, the

paid-up share capital stood reduced from 12,81,25,155

equity shares to 12,59,14,655 equity shares of H 2/- each.

CREDIT RATING

Company’s bank facilities are rated by Credit Analysis

and Research Limited (“CARE”). They have assigned

rating CARE AA/CARE A1+ for long-term/short-term

bank facilities, which connotes stability. This reaffirms

the reputation and trust the Company has earned for its

sound financial management and its ability to meet its

financial obligations.

DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

Board of the Company comprise of renowned professionals

from different walks of life. They bring in diversified

competencies, domain knowledge and experience. Right

combination of Executive and Independent Directors

draws fine balance of business acumen and independent

judgement on Board’s decisions.

During the year under review, none of the Non-Executive

Directors had any pecuniary relationship or transactions

with the Company, other than sitting fees, commission and

reimbursement of expenses, if any.

 Re-appointment of MD & JMD

At the meeting held on 1 February 2023, the Board

had approved re-appointment of Mr. Yogesh M.

Agrawal as: Managing

Managing Director; Mr. Rajesh

M. Agrawal, Joint: Managing Director; Mr. Arvind K.

Agrawal, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Gaurang

C. Shah, Company Secretary, are the KMPs of the

Company as on the date of this report.

 Board and Directors’ Evaluation

As per provisions of the Act and Regulation 17(10)

of the Listing Regulations, the performance

evaluation of the Board, Board committees and

individual Directors was carried out by the Board,

in accordance with the Policy on Board Evaluation,

criteria laid down which are in alignment with the best

corporate governance practices.

Further, at a separate meeting, the Independent

Directors evaluated performance of Non-

Independent Directors, Board as a whole and of the

Managing Director

Joint: Managing Director

DIN: 00073673

DIN: 00302467

Arvind K. Agrawal

Gaurang C. Shah

Mumbai, 5 May 2023

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

FCS No. 6696

Annexure "B" - AOC - 2

[Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies

(Accounts) Rules, 2014]

Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties referred

to in sub-section (1) of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arms length transaction under third

proviso thereto.

1.

Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis:

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Details

a)

Name(s) of the related party & nature of

relationship

InfiniChains Lab Private Limited (“InfiniChains”)

b)

Nature of contracts/arrangements /

transaction

Availing service related to ESG SaaS tool for compiling data for preparation of

BRSR.

c)

Duration of the contracts/arrangements /

transaction

5 years

d)

Salient terms of the contracts or

arrangements or transaction including the

value, if any

1. InfiniChains to customise its tool as per Company’s requirements and grant

license to Ajanta Pharma Limited to use its tool for preparation of BRSR.

2. They will impart training to employees of Ajanta Pharma Limited.

3. Agreement to remain in force for 5 years.

e)

Justification for entering into such contracts

or arrangements or transactions

Company is in need of tool for compiling its ESG and other data for preparation

of BRSR. ESG SaaS Tool offered by InfiniChains is having features and utility

as other tools in the market are offering. Moreover, InfiniChains has offered to

provide ESG SaaS tool without any cost for 5 years.

f)

Date of approval by the Board

3 November 2022

g)

Amount paid as advances, if any

Nil

h)

Date on which the special resolution was

passed in General meeting as required

under first proviso to Section 188

N.A.

2.

Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at arm’s length basis: None

For and on Behalf of the Board of Directors

Mannalal B. Agrawal

Managing Director

Chairman of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Mumbai, 5 May 2023

Annexure “C” – Report on CSR

45

44

Relying on Strength. Building on Strategy.

Annual Report 2022-23

Corporate Overview | Performance Review | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure and forms an integral part of this report.

47

46

Relying on Strength. Building on Strategy.

Annual Report 2022-23

Corporate Overview | Performance Review | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

letter.

1.

The compliance of provisions of all laws, rules, regulations, standards applicable to Ajanta Pharma Limited

(hereinafter called ‘the Company’) is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our examination was

limited to the verification of records and procedures on test check basis for the purpose of issue of the Secretarial

Audit Report.

2.

Maintenance of secretarial and other records of applicable laws is the responsibility of the management of

the Company. Our responsibility is to issue Secretarial Audit Report, based on the audit of the relevant records

maintained and furnished to us by the Company, along with explanations where so required.

3.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial and other legal records, legal compliance mechanism and

corporate conduct. Further part of the verification was done on the basis of electronic data provided to us by

the Company and on test check basis to ensure that correct facts as reflected in secretarial and other records

produced to us. We believe that the processes and practices we followed, provides a reasonable basis for our

opinion for the purpose of issue of the Secretarial Audit Report.

4.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Account of

the Company.

5.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about list of applicable laws, compliance of

laws, rules and regulations and major events during the audit period.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Alwyn D’Souza & Co.

Company Secretaries

Alwyn D’Souza

FCS. 5559

Place: Mumbai

C.P. No. 5137

Date: 5 May 2023

UDIN: F005559E000261485

Annexure “E” – Median Remuneration

Details pursuant to Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014

1

Name & Designation of Director & KMP

Ratio of the remuneration of each

Director to the median remuneration of

the employees of the Company for the

FY 2023

% increase/(decrease)

in remuneration in the FY 2023

(i)

Mr. Mannalal B. Agrawal

2:1

23.43%

(ii)

Mr. Madhusudan B. Agrawal

81:1

5.90%

(iii)

Mr. Yogesh M. Agrawal

348:1

(4.17%)@

(iv)

Mr. Rajesh M. Agrawal

348:1

(4.17%)@

(v)

Mr. Chandrakant M. Khetan

3:1

13.91%*

(vii)

Mr. K H. Viswanathan

2:1

13.66%*

(viii)

Mr. Prabhakar Dalal

2:1

13.48%*

(ix)

Dr. Anjana Grewal

2:1

20.60%*

(x)

Mr. Arvind K. Agrawal, Chief Financial Officer

36:1

14.32%

(xi)

Mr. Gaurang C. Shah, Company Secretary

20:1

19.38%

2

The Percentage increase in the median remuneration

of employees in the financial year

11.00%

3

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of

company

7,713

4

Average percentile increase already made in the

salaries of employees other than the managerial

personnel in the last financial year and its comparison

with the percentile increase in the managerial

remuneration and justification thereof and point out if

there are any exceptional circumstances for increase

in the managerial remuneration

Average increase in remuneration of employee for the FY 2023 was 11%. As

against that, managerial remuneration has reduced 0.8%. This is mainly on

account of reduction in quantum of commission due to reduction in net profit.

Profitability has been impacted due to steep hike in cost of material, freight

and other components.

5

Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the

remuneration policy of the Company

Yes

Notes:

* Includes sitting fees and commission paid to Non-Executive Directors.

@ Includes Commission

Annexure “D” – Secretarial Audit Report

49

48

Relying on Strength. Building on Strategy.

Annual Report 2022-23

Corporate Overview | Performance Review | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director ("MD"). Agenda setting

out business to be transacted at the meeting(s),

supported by notes, presentations and action

taken reports (where applicable), is sent to

Directors at least seven days before the date

of the Board and committee meetings. Agenda

items which are unpublished and price sensitive,

are circulated at a shorter notice.

d) Minutes of Board meetings of subsidiaries,

minutes of Committees of the Board and all the

critical information & papers are made available

to the Board for effective decision-making.

e) Management and other senior executives make

presentation to the Board to apprise them of:

• important developments in the industry

• updates of domestic & global business

• annual operating plans, budgets & capex

• regulatory updates & challenges

• R & D activities

• New products launched

• HR & employment engagement initiatives

• important developments in subsidiaries

f)

There was no dissent from any Directors on any of

the decisions of the Board or Committees.

g) Draft minutes of the Board & Committees are

circulated to Directors within 15 days from the

date of the meeting and suggestions, if any, are

incorporated in the final document.

h)

During the year, 5 Board Meetings were held on

10 May 2022, 28 July 2022, 3 November 2022,

1 February 2023 and 10 March 2023.

C. Directors Retiring by Rotation

Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of Listing Regulations

and Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute

of Company Secretaries of India, details of

the Director retiring by rotation and seeking

re-appointment is mentioned in the Annual

General Meeting Notice, which forms part of the

Annual Report.

D. Independent Directors & their Familiarisation

a) All the IDs have confirmed that they are

independent of the management. Maximum

tenure of IDs is in accordance with the Act.

b) During the year under review, one meeting of IDs

was held on 1 February 2023 which was attended

by all the IDs. Mr. Chandrakant M. Khetan, lead

Independent Director chaired the meeting.

c)

The IDs inter-alia reviewed performance of

Non-Independent Directors, Chairman and Board

as whole as also assessed the quality, quantity

and timeliness of flow of information between the

Company management and the Board.

d) IDs also met the Statutory Auditors and Chief

Internal Auditor and discussed on key audit

findings, controls, access to the information,

management support, etc.

e) In order to enable the IDs take informed decision

on various proposals placed in the meeting and

for their effective involvement in board processes,

in-house orientation programme is done for the

IDs at each Board meeting. They are apprised

of company’s businesses & segments, operating

plans & budgets, important policies, risk

management plan, regulatory updates etc.

f)

Details of such orientation programmes

conducted for IDs are put on the website of the

Company. The link can be accessed at: https://

ajantapharma.com//images/DFP-14-04-2023.

pdf

E. Performance evaluation of Board,

Committees and Directors

a) Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the

Listing Regulations and as suggested by the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(“NRC”), Board carried out annual performance

evaluation of Non-Independent Directors,

Chairman and the Board as a whole. IDs at

a separate meeting evaluated performance

of Executive Directors, Board as a whole and

Board committees.

b) Performance of Chairman was evaluated on

parameters such as effective leadership, seeking

participation from board members, maintaining

critical balance of different views, monitoring

effectiveness of Corporate Governance

practices, guidance & counsel in critical

matters, moderatorship, conduct of impartial

discussions etc.

c)

Performance of individual Directors was

evaluated on the parameters such as devoting

time, participation & contribution, upholding

ethical standard of integrity & probity,

safeguarding interest of all Stakeholders &

managing conflict of interest, keeping abreast of

Company affairs & external environment, domain

knowledge, bringing individual judgement of

Board decisions.

d) Performance evaluation of Board and Board

Committees was done on the basis of parameters

such as its composition, discharge of functions,

effectiveness & contribution, review of executive

management performance, business acumen

in strategic matters, setting tone of Corporate

culture & values, providing leadership & direction,

suggestion & recommendations to the Board,

effectiveness in ensuring statutory compliances,

risk management.

e) Board also assessed the fulfilment of the

independence criteria as specified in Listing

Regulations, by the IDs and their independence

from the management.

f)

Performance evaluation done by the Board

and IDs revealed “Outstanding” rating for the

Board as a whole, Individual Directors and

Board Committees.

Report on Corporate Governance

55

54

Relying on Strength. Building on Strategy.

Annual Report 2022-23

Corporate Overview | Performance Review | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

and Joint: Managing

Letter of Confirmation in lieu

of the share certificate, while processing

any investor service requests in physical

form for transfer, transmission, remat, split

& consolidation of share certificates etc.

T. Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit

Practicing Company Secretary carries out

the Share Capital Audit to reconcile the total

admitted capital with NSDL & CDSL with the total

issued, listed and paid-up capital. This audit is

carried out every quarter and report thereon

are submitted to the Stock Exchanges and is

also placed before the Board of Directors. No

discrepancies were noticed during these audits.

U. Employees Stock Option Scheme

During the year 2,000 options were granted

under Ajanta Pharma Share-Based Incentive

Plan 2019 and 1,000 options were exercised by

an employee of the Company. The same was

allotted and listed on the Stock Exchanges.

V. The Company does not have any fixed deposit

programme nor has any proposal involving

mobilisation of funds in India or abroad.

W. Subsidiary Companies

a)

Financial statements including investments

made by the subsidiaries were reviewed by

the Audit Committee. The Board periodically

reviewed, material developments, financial

& operating performance and strategies

as well as all the significant transactions

and arrangements entered into by

the subsidiaries.

b)

Minutes of the Board Meetings of the

subsidiary Companies were placed at the

Board Meetings held during the year.

OTHER DISCLOSURE

a)

Transactions with related parties are

disclosed in Note no. 53 of the Financial

Statements. There were no transactions with

related party which are not at arm’s length

or amounts to more than 10% of revenues.

No royalty has been paid to the Promoter

or Promoter Group in the previous year.

Comprehensive Related Party Transaction

policy has been formulated which is

available at: https://ajantapharma.com//

images/PolicyonRelatedPartyTransactions.

pdf.

b)

Company has put in place compliance

management tool to monitor and ensure

compliance with all applicable laws and

regulatory requirements. The tool provides

system driven alerts to the respective

task owners for timely complying with the

statutory requirements. There were no

instances of material non-compliance nor

has any penalties/strictures been imposed

by Stock Exchanges or SEBI or any other

statutory authorities on any matters

related to capital market, during last 3

financial years.

c)

Company has put in place vigil mechanism/

Whistle-Blower Policy and details of

the same are provided in the Directors'

report. Policy is available on the website

(https://ajantapharma.com//images/

Whistle-Blower-Policy-Feb-2023.pdf). No

personnel have been denied access to the

Audit Committee.

d)

Company has complied with and disclosed

all the mandatory corporate governance

requirements under Regulation 17 to 27 and

46(2) of the Listing Regulations.

e)

There was no non-compliance of any

requirement of corporate governance

report. Further, all the disclosures are

made to the Stock Exchanges and other

regulatory bodies as and when required.

Company has also adopted following non-

mandatory requirements specified in Part E

of Schedule II of the Listing Regulation:

• Non-Executive Chairman is provided with an

office at the Company’s expense and also

allowed reimbursement of expenses incurred

in performance of his duties.

• Financial performance highlights were sent

to shareholders on a half-yearly basis.

• The auditors have issued an unmodified

opinion to the financial statements of

the Company.

• E & Y, Internal Auditors submits their

internal audit reports directly to the

Audit Committee.

f)

Disclosures on Commodity price risk or

foreign exchange risk and hedging activities

have been made in earlier paragraphs in

this report.

g)

Company had not raised any funds

through preferential allotment or qualified

institutional placement.

h)

Certificate has been received from a

Company Secretary in Practice stating

that none of the Directors on the Board

of the Company have been debarred

or disqualified from being appointed or

continuing as directors of companies by

the Board / Ministry of Corporate Affairs or

any such statutory authority. The same is

annexed to this report.

i)

There were no instances where the Board

had not accepted any recommendation of

any committees during the financial year.

j)

Total fees for all services paid by the

Company and its subsidiaries, on a

consolidated basis, to the statutory auditor

and all entities in the network firm/network

entity of which the statutory auditor is a

part, is mentioned in Notes to Accounts.

k)

Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013:

Sr.

No. Particulars

No. of complaints

1.

Number of complaints filed during the financial year

Nil

2.

Number of complaints disposed off during the financial year

NA

3.

Number of complaints pending as on end of the financial year

NA

l)

Details of material subsidiary of the Company:

Name of Material Subsidiary

Date of Incorporation

Place of Incorporation

Name of Statutory

Auditor

Date of appointment of

Statutory Auditor

Ajanta Pharma USA INC

7 December 2012

New Jersey, USA

KNAV PA

14 November 2019

Mr. Chandrakant Khetan, lead Independent Director of the Company is nominated on the Board of Ajanta

Pharma USA Inc. Web link of policy for determining material subsidiaries is https://ajantapharma.com//

images/PolicyonMaterialSubsidiaries.pdf

m)

Certificate from MD and CFO pursuant to Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations [Part B of Schedule

II], is attached to this Report. MD and the CFO also gives quarterly certification on financial results to the

Board in terms of Regulation 33(2) of the Listing Regulations.

n)

Disclosures have also been received from the senior management that there were no transactions with

the Company either by them or their relatives during the FY 2023, having potential conflict with the

interests of the Company.

o)

No loans and advances were provided by the Company or its subsidiaries, to firms/companies in which

directors are interested.

Report on Corporate Governance

67

66

Relying on Strength. Building on Strategy.

Annual Report 2022-23

Corporate Overview | Performance Review | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

29.04.2000

4

Rajesh Mannalal Agrawal

00302467

Whole-time Director

30.04.2013

5

Chandrakant Mohanlal Khetan

00234118

Director

20.10.2008

6

Prabhakar Ramchandra Dalal

00544948

Director

13.06.2014

7

Viswanathan Hariharan Kalpati

06563472

Director

30.04.2013

8

Dr. Anjana Grewal

06896404

Director

13.06.2014

Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment/continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This

certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Alwyn D’Souza & Co.

Company Secretaries

Alwyn D’Souza

FCS No. 5559

Place: Mumbai

C. P. No. 5137

Date: 5 May 2023

UDIN: F005559E000261507

DECLARATION PURSUANT TO SCHEDULE V OF THE LISTING REGULATIONS

In accordance with Regulation 26 (3) and Schedule V of the Listing Regulations with the Stock Exchanges, I hereby

declare that the Directors and Senior Management of the Company have affirmed compliance with the Code of

Conduct as applicable to them for the year ended 31 March 2023.

For Ajanta Pharma Limited

Yogesh M. Agrawal

Mumbai, 5 May 2023: Managing

Managing Director and Mr. Arvind K. Agrawal, Chief Financial Officer hereby certify for the

financial year ended 31 March 2023 that:

(a)

We have reviewed IND AS financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year and that to the best of our

knowledge and belief:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain

statements that might be misleading;

(ii) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with IND

AS, applicable laws and regulations.

(b) There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year

which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

(c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have

evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we

have disclosed to the auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal

controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

(d) We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit committee

(i) that there are no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

(ii) that there are no significant changes in accounting policies during the year; and

(iii) that there are no instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware.

For Ajanta Pharma Limited

For Ajanta Pharma Limited

Yogesh M. Agrawal

Arvind K. Agrawal: Managing

MANAGING DIRECTOR

Building a safe and sustainable environment with

embedded Environment, Social and Governance (ESG)

within our value creation and sustainability model is at

the core of Ajanta Pharma. We have integrated ESG

strategy in our business operations and have taken various

measures/ initiatives on this front. We have also set

goals and targets to measure our progress on each of the

parameters under the ESG umbrella to ensure that we keep

improving our own achievements.

On the Environment front, we are committed to:

• Generation and use of renewable energy - 50% by 2026

and 100% by 2032;

• Waste management - reduce 20% waste by 2026 and

improve recycling methods;

• Produce sustainable medicines and conduct product

life cycle assessment;

• Water conservation - reduce consumption by 30% by

2026 and become water positive by 2030;

• Reducing GHG emissions, reducing organic load to ETP,

tree plantation etc.

On the Social front, we ensure:

• Health, safety and well-being of all the employees with

zero fatality;

• Protection of human rights and prevention of sexual

harassment;

• Supporting local and underprivileged communities

through various CSR activities in the areas of healthcare,

education and community welfare;

• Training and sensitisation programmes for our

employees on ethics, integrity and community welfare.

As regards Governance, we are committed to:

• Robust corporate governance with the objective of

maximising stakeholder value;

• Adopt a stakeholder-centric approach;

• Continuously engage with stakeholders to address

material issues;

• Achieve our vision of protecting people and

the environment.

We are motivated by the support of all stakeholders in

our endeavour towards ESG and will keep enhancing

our standards.

Regards,

Yogesh Agrawal

SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES

I.

DETAILS OF THE LISTED ENTITY

1.

Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity - L24230MH1979PLC022059

2.

Name of the Listed Entity - Ajanta Pharma Limited

3.

Year of incorporation - 31/12/1979

4.

Registered office address - Ajanta House, Charkop, Kandivali (West), Mumbai - 400 067

5.

Corporate address - Ajanta House, Charkop, Kandivali (West), Mumbai - 400 067

6.

E-mail – legal.info@ajantapharma.com

7.

Telephone - 022 66061000

8.

Website - www.ajantapharma.com

9.

Financial year for which reporting is being done - 1 April 2022 – 31 March 2023

10. Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed - BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited

11. Paid-up Capital – H 25.62 cr.

12. Name and contact details (telephone, e-mail address) of the person who may be contacted in case of any queries

on the BRSR report - Arvind K. Agrawal, CFO, 022 66061000, arvind.agrawal@ajantapharma.com

13. Reporting boundary - Standalone basis

II. PRODUCTS/SERVICES

14. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):

S.

No.

Description of Main

Activity

Description of Business Activity

% of Turnover of

the entity

1

Pharmaceutical

Manufacture and sale of branded generic and generic

pharmaceutical products.

100%

15. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s turnover):

S.

No.

Products/Services

NIC Code

% of total

Turnover

contributed

1

Pharmaceutical products

210

100%

III. OPERATIONS

16. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:

Locations

Plants

R&D centres

Warehouses

Offices

Total

National

7

3

4

2

16

International

NA

NA

NA

29

29

17. Markets served by the entity:

a)

Number of locations

Locations

Number

National

Pan India

International (No. of countries)

30+

b)

What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?

Presently, the Company is exporting its products to more than 30 countries in Asia, Africa and the US. The Company's

export contribution is 68% of the total turnover.

c)

A brief on types of customers.

Patients who use our medicines are our ultimate customers. We reach them through wholesalers and distributors who

are our primary customers.

75

74

Relying on Strength. Building on Strategy.

Annual Report 2022-23

Corporate Overview | Performance Review | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Mr. Arvind K. Agrawal, Chief Financial Officer

9.

Does the entity have a specified committee of the Board/Director responsible for

decision-making on sustainability-related issues? (Yes/No). If yes, provide details.

Yes. The Company has constituted an

ESG Committee for decision-making on

sustainability-related issues.

The Committee comprises of all the important

functional heads and meets once in two

months to review the progress in implementing

ESG initiatives.

The Company’s business responsibility

performance is reviewed by the Board of

Directors annually.

10. Details of the Review of the National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct

Subject for Review

Indicate whether review was undertaken by

Directors/Committee of the Board/any other

Committee

Frequency (annually/half yearly/quarterly/any

other-please specify)

P1 to P9

Performance against above

policies and follow-up action.

Performance against all the policies is monitored and reviewed by the ESG committee and necessary

actions are taken.

The policies are also reviewed annually by the internal audit team.

Compliance with statutory

requirements of relevance to

the principles and rectification

of any non-compliances.

The Company has complied with all the regulatory and statutory requirements and there are no non-

compliances.

11. Has the entity carried out independent assessment/evaluation of the working of its policies by an

external agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide name of the agency.

Assessment/evaluation of working of the BRSR policies has been done by the internal audit team.

12. If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:

Not Applicable

Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report

SECTION C: PRINCIPLE-WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE

PRINCIPLE 1: BUSINESSES SHOULD CONDUCT AND GOVERN WITH INTEGRITY, AND IN A MANNER

THAT IS ETHICAL, TRANSPARENT AND ACCOUNTABLE.

ESSENTIAL INDICATORS

1.

Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the principles during the financial year

Segment

Total number of training and

awareness programmes held

Topics/principles covered under the training

and its impact

% of persons in respective

category covered by the

awareness programmes

Board of Directors

and KMP

Board of Directors – 5

KMP – 5

P1 to P9

100%

Employees other

than the Board of

Directors and KMP

On an average, each

employee spent four hours

on various trainings.

The trainings covered upskilling and reskilling of

employees on the following:

• ESG aspects

• Occupational Health and Safety

• Prevention of Sexual Harassment

• Human Rights

• Consumer Safety

• Cyber Security

• Regulatory compliance

• Code of Conduct on ethics

• Collaborative Leadership

• Emotional Intelligence

• Specific to department/business function

• Trainings covered P1 to P9

100%

Workers

On an average, each

worker spent three hours

on various trainings.

Training programmes covered:

•

Health & Safety Trainings

•

Code of Conduct

•

Prevention of Sexual Harassment

•

Human Rights

•

Regulatory compliance

•

Trainings covered Principles 1, 2, 3, 5 and 6

100%

2.

Details of fines/penalties/punishments/awards/compounding fees/settlement amounts paid in proceedings with

regulators/law enforcement agencies/judicial institutions in FY 2023:

Nil

3.

Of the instances disclosed above, details of the appeals/revisions preferred in cases where monetary or non-

monetary action has been appealed:

Not Applicable

4.

Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available,

provide a web-link to the policy:

As per the Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management, anti-bribery and anti-corruption practices are

required to be adhered to by them. Also, Ethics policy framed under the NGRBC principles mandates ethical conduct

by employees, supply chain and business partners. The Company expects its value chain partners to adhere to the

principles of the Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy.

Web links of these policies are as under:

https://ajantapharma.com//images/CodeofConductforDirectorsandSeniorManagement.pdf

Link of Ethics policy: https://ajantapharma.com//images/BusinessResponsibilityPolicies.pdf

5.

Number of Directors/KMP/employees against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement agency

on the charges of bribery/corruption:

Nil

6.

Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest:

No complaints of conflict of interest of Directors and KMP were received during the FY 2022 and FY 2023.

85

84

Relying on Strength. Building on Strategy.

Annual Report 2022-23

Corporate Overview | Performance Review | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director, Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Letter of Offer was made to all eligible shareholders. The Company

bought back 1,120,000 equity shares out of the shares that were tendered by eligible shareholders and extinguished the

equity shares bought back on 28 February 2022. The Company has utilised its Securities Premium (H 0.54 Crore) and General

Reserve (H 285.06 Crore) for the buyback of its equity shares. Total transaction cost of H 2.02 Crore incurred towards buyback

and tax of H 66.48 Crore was offset from retained earnings. In accordance with Section 69 of the Companies Act 2013, the

Company has created Capital Redemption Reserve of H 0.22 Crore equal to the nominal value of the shares bought back

as an appropriation from the General Reserve.

For the year ended on 31 March 2021

The Company bought back 735,000 equity shares for an aggregate amount not exceeding of H 136 Crore being 0.84% of

the total paid up equity share capital at H 1,850 per equity share. The equity shares bought back were extinguished on

30 December 2020.

For the year ended on 31 March 2019

The Company bought back 769,230 equity shares for an aggregate amount not exceeding of H 100 Crore being 0.87% of

the total paid up equity share capital at H 1,300 per equity share. The equity shares bought back were extinguished on

26 March 2019.

23.9 Details of Equity Shares held by promoters at the end of the year

H in Crore

Name of Shareholders

As at 31 March 2023

As at 31 March 2022

Number of

Shares

% holding

% Change

during the

year

Number of

Shares

% holding

% Change

during the

year

Yogesh M. Agrawal, trustee Yogesh Agrawal Trust

18,233,038

14.48

47.28

12,380,262

14.49

(1.22)

Rajesh M. Agrawal, trustee Rajesh Agrawal Trust

18,233,039

14.48

47.28

12,380,262

14.49

(1.22)

Ravi P. Agrawal, trustee Ravi Agrawal Trust

16,386,623

13.01

33.48

12,276,207

14.37

(1.26)

Aayush M. Agrawal, trustee Aayush Agrawal Trust

14,237,664

11.31

16.11

12,261,811

14.36

(1.30)

Gabs Investments Private Limited

12,588,393

10.00

50.00

8,392,262

9.83

-

Ganga Exports being represented by Mr. Yogesh M.

Agrawal, Mr. Rajesh M. Agrawal & Mr. Ravi P. Agrawal

3,379,297

2.68

46.94

2,299,852

2.69

(1.90)

Ravi P. Agrawal

285,000

0.23

50.00

190,000

0.22

-

Aayush M. Agrawal

30,000

0.02

50.00

20,000

0.02

-

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March 2023

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March 2023

145

144

Relying on Strength. Building on Strategy.

Annual Report 2022-23

Corporate Overview | Performance Review | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

letter dated 27 September 2022.

49.3 The financial statements of the subsidiaries used for consolidation are for the period from 1 April 2022 to

31 March 2023.

50. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS IN RESPECT OF THE HOLDING COMPANY

As required by Ind AS 19 ‘Employee Benefits’ the disclosures are as under:

50.1 Defined contribution plans

The Company offers its employees defined contribution plans in the form of Provident Fund (PF) and Employees’ Pension

Scheme (EPS) with the government, and certain state plans such as Employees’ State Insurance (ESI). PF and EPS cover

substantially all regular employees and the ESI covers certain employees. Contributions are made to the Government’s

administered funds. While both the employees and the Company pay predetermined contributions into the Provident Fund

and the ESI Scheme, contributions into the Pension fund is made only by the Company. The contributions are normally based

on a certain proportion of the employee’s salary. The Company does not have any liability beyond depositing these amounts

in to the government administered fund. During the year, the Company has made the following contributions:

H in Crore

Particulars

Year ended

31 March 2023

Year ended

31 March 2022

Provident Fund and Employee’s Pension Scheme

29.75

26.89

Employees State Insurance and others

4.05

4.32

Total

33.80

31.21

50.2 Defined benefit plans:

Gratuity: The Company makes annual contributions to Employees’ Group Gratuity-cum Life Assurance (Cash Accumulation)

Scheme of LIC, a funded defined benefit plan for qualifying employees. The Companies scheme provides for payment to

vested employees as under:

50.2.1 On normal retirement/early retirement/withdrawal/resignation:

As per the provisions of Payments of Gratuity Act, 1972 with vesting period of 5 years of service with a maximum limit of

H 0.20 Crore.

50.2.2 On the death in service:

As per the provisions of Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 without any vesting period.

The most recent actuarial valuation of plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligation for gratuity were

carried out as at 31 March 2023. The present value of the defined benefit obligations and the related current service cost

and past service cost, were measured using the Projected Unit Credit Method.

Based on the actuarial valuation obtained in this respect, the following table sets out the status of the gratuity plan and

the amounts recognised in the Company’s financial statements as at the Balance Sheet date:

H in Crore

Particulars

Year ended

31 March 2023

Year ended

31 March 2022

i)

Changes in Defined Benefit Obligation

Opening defined benefit obligation

48.19

43.51

Current service cost

7.59

6.79

Interest cost

2.99

2.47

Actuarial loss/(gain)

- Changes in financial assumptions

(1.53)

(1.25)

- Changes in demographic assumptions

-

Nil

- Experience adjustments

5.21

1.23

Past service cost

-

-

Benefit (paid)

(3.67)

(4.56)

Closing defined benefit obligation

58.78

48.19

ii)

Changes in value of Plan Assets

Opening value of plan assets

41.92

35.63

Interest Income

2.82

2.19

Return on plan assets excluding amount included in Interest Income

(0.18)

0.56

Contributions by employer

6.49

8.13

Benefits (paid)

(3.66)

(4.56)

Closing value of plan assets

47.75

41.92

iii)

Amount recognised in the Balance Sheet

Present value of funded obligations as at year end

58.78

48.19

Fair value of the plan assets as at year end

(47.75)

(41.92)

Net liability recognised as at the year end

11.03

6.27

iv)

Expenses recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss

Current Service Cost

7.59

6.79

Net Interest cost

0.17

0.28

Net expenses recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss

7.76

7.07

Expenses recognised in the Statement of Other comprehensive income

Net actuarial loss/(gain) recognised in the current year

- Changes in financial assumptions

(1.53)

(1.25)

- Changes in demographic assumptions

-

-

- Experience adjustments

5.20

1.23

Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest income

(0.18)

(0.53)

Net (Expenses)/Income recognised in the Statement of Other comprehensive income

3.49

(0.55)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March 2023

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March 2023

153

152

Relying on Strength. Building on Strategy.

Annual Report 2022-23

Corporate Overview | Performance Review | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Mr. Rajesh M. Agrawal

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Letter of Offer was made to all eligible shareholders. The Company

bought back 1,120,000 equity shares out of the shares that were tendered by eligible shareholders and extinguished the

equity shares bought back on 28 February 2022. The Company has utilised its Securities Premium (H 0.54 Crore) and General

Reserve (H 285.06 Crore) for the buyback of its equity shares. Total transaction cost of H 2.02 Crore incurred towards buyback

and tax of H 66.48 Crore was offset from retained earnings. In accordance with Section 69 of the Companies Act, 2013, the

Company has created Capital Redemption Reserve of H 0.22 Crore equal to the nominal value of the shares bought back

as an appropriation from the General Reserve.

The Company bought back 735,000 equity shares for an aggregate amount not exceeding of H 136 Crore being 0.84% of

the total paid up equity share capital at H 1,850 per equity share. The equity shares bought back were extinguished on

30 December 2020.

The Company bought back 769,230 equity shares for an aggregate amount not exceeding of H 100 Crore being 0.87% of

the total paid up equity share capital at H 1,300 per equity share. The equity shares bought back were extinguished on

26 March 2019.

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March 2023

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March 2023

211

210

Relying on Strength. Building on Strategy.

Annual Report 2022-23

Corporate Overview | Performance Review | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Mr. Rajesh M. Agrawal

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director and Whole-

time Directors) in such amounts or proportions and in such

manner and in all respects as may be directed by the Board

of Directors and such payments shall be made in respect of

the profits of the Company for each year, for a period of five

years, effective from the Financial year 2023-2024.”

5.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without

modification(s), if any, the following resolution as

a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 4, 13 and other

applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act,

2013 (“Act”) read with applicable rules made thereunder

including any modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereto

for the time being in force, and subject to the approval

of the Registrar of Companies (“ROC”) Mumbai, and

any other regulatory authorities as may be applicable,

the consent of the Members of the Company be and

is hereby accorded for amending Object clause of the

Memorandum of Association (“MoA”) as under:

A)

Replacing existing sub-clause III (A) 1 with new sub-

clause III (A) 1 & 2 as under:

(1)

To carry on in India and anywhere in the world, the

business of manufacturing, developing, dealing,

retailing, whole-selling, buying, selling (online or

offline), importing, exporting, trading (online or

offline), agency, job-work, testing, distributing,

stocking, consigning, registering, packing,

refining, marketing, processing of and generally

dealing in all types of (a) pharmaceutical

products, medicinal products, over the

counter drugs, formulations, pharmaceutical-

fine-Chemicals, bulk drugs, chemicals,

intermediates, allopathic, unani, ayurvedic,

homeopathic, patent medicines, biological

products, biotechnological products, genetic

engineering products, tissue culture products,

herbs biopharmaceuticals, biochemicals,

biotherapeutics, materials and supplements,

all types of active pharmaceutical ingredients

(API), biosimilars, derivatives and by products

thereof and products to be made therefrom;

(b) substances of monoclonal antibodies,

cleansing compounds, toilet requisites, salts,

acids, oils, dyes, pigments, varnishes, paints,

clinical products, minerals, alkalis, tannins,

pesticides, industrial and other preparations

or any other similar products relating to drug

and allied industries, in any form including but

not limited to lotion, liquid, capsules, bottling,

repacking, vialling, tablets, serum, essence,

dentifrice, gaseous spray, aerosol, extract,

grease, syrups, cream, injectables, salve,

ointment, pomade, powder or unguents;

(c) healthcare, nutrition, dietary, wellness, food,

personal hygiene and other products for health,

beauty and cosmetic purposes;

(CIN No. L24230MH1979PLC022059)

Regd. Office: “Ajanta House”, Charkop, Kandivali (West), Mumbai – 400 067

Tel No.: +91 022 6606 1000

Website: www.ajantapharma.com; e-mail: investorgrievance@ajantapharma.com

Notice

(2)

To establish, provide, maintain, promote

and conduct, endow or assist, sell, lease or

otherwise subsidise research & development

laboratories or facilities and experimental

workshops for scientific and technical research

and to undertake and carry on all types of

science & technical research, laboratories,

lectures, workshops, experiments, libraries,

meetings and conferences, studies, process

developments & tests, scientific & technical

investigations, process development and

invention in pharmaceutical formulations, bulk

drugs, etc. and to provide for the remunerations

of scientific or technical researchers of

doctors, teachers, professors and generally

to encourage, promote and reward studies,

researches, investigations, experiments, tests of

any kind that may be considered likely to assist

the business which the company is authorised

to carry on.

B)

Replacing the heading of Clause:

III (B) ‘THE OBJECTS INCIDENTAL OR ANCILLARY TO

THE ATTAINMENT OF THE MAIN OBJECTS’

With following heading:

'MATTERS WHICH ARE NECESSARY FOR

FURTHERANCE OF OBJECTS SPECIFIED IN CLAUSE

(III) (A) ARE:’

C)

Replacing the existing sub-clauses III (B) 2 to 28 with

new sub-clauses III (B) 3 to 31 as under:

(3)

To start, run, maintain and operate in India or

anywhere in the world, chemists and druggists

shops, hospitals, nursing homes, dispensaries,

mobile medical service centers, diagnostic

centers, medical camps, medical education

& training programs, pathology & radiology

centers, factories and laboratories.

(4)

To apply for and participate in any tender,

registration or bidding process with

Government bodies for the supply of medicines

or to otherwise acquire any Government

contracts or concessions in relation to the

supply of medicines and to undertake and fulfil

requirements on being successfully awarded

supply contracts.

(5)

To deliver advisory or customer research

and manufacturing services to any person

including body corporate, firm, limited liability

partnership, association of person or any

other entity, whether in India or abroad, for

establishment of pharmaceutical, chemical or

any concern of similar nature.

(6)

To endorse, encourage, advise and help

indigenous industrial, chemical and agricultural

enterprises or concern in India or abroad and to

promote, incorporate, establish, register, set-up,

form, dissolve, wind-up, close, any subsidiary,

joint venture, company, body corporate,

association of persons, firm, society, limited

liability partnership, trusts or legal entity in India

or abroad and to pay for all costs, including

underwriting and other commission, broker’s

fee and any other charges and expenses

connected therewith.

(7)

To establish, open, operate, close, dissolve

branches, units or agencies in India or abroad

and to apply for obtain, procure any statutory

or other powers, rights, concession, registration,

permission, licence or recognition for the

Company or its branches, units or agencies in

India or abroad and to do all such acts, deeds,

matters and things as may be necessary for

carrying on any business or activity of such

branches, units or agencies of the Company

under the applicable laws or regulations.

(8)

To acquire, purchase, undertake or takeover

either whole or part of any business, properties,

assets, undertakings, units, goodwill, patents,

rights, liabilities of any person including body

corporate, firm, limited liability partnership,

association of persons or any other entity,

whether in India or abroad, including by way of

participation in bid, e-tendering or auctioning

in relation to inter-alia, distressed asset sale

or by any other mechanism instituted by

the Government for disposing off the assets

including stressed assets or otherwise and

to make, conduct or carry into effect any

arrangement in regard to the liquidation,

dissolution or winding-up of the business of any

such person(s).

(9)

To enter into alliance or any arrangement,

partnership, joint venture, including arrangement

of profit sharing, union of interest, reciprocal

concessions or co-operation with any person,

including firm, body corporate, association of

persons, limited liability partnership or any other

entity, whether incorporated or not, whether

in India or abroad, carrying on or engaged

in, or about to carry on or engage in, any

business or transaction, which the Company is

241

240

Relying on Strength. Building on Strategy.

Annual Report 2022-23

Notice:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorised signatory(ies) who are authorised to vote, to

the Scrutiniser by e-mail to scrutinizer@ajantapharma.

com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals,

HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution/

Power of Attorney/ Authority: Letter etc. by clicking

on “Upload Board Resolution/Authority Letter” displayed

under “e-Voting” tab in their login.

b.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-Voting website will

be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the

correct password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical

User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.

nsdl.com to reset the password.

c.

Any person holding shares in physical form and

non-individual shareholders, who acquires shares of the

Company and becomes member of the Company after

the notice is sent through e-mail and holding shares

as of the cut-off date i.e. Tuesday, 11 July 2023 may

obtain the login ID and password by sending a request

at evoting@nsdl.co.in or Issuer/RTA. However, if you are

already registered with NSDL for remote e-Voting, then

you can use your existing user ID and password for casting

your vote. If you forgot your password, you can reset

your password by using “Forgot User Details/Password”

or “Physical User Reset Password” option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on 022 - 4886 7000 and

022 - 2499 7000. In case of Individual Shareholders

holding securities in demat mode who acquires shares of

the Company and becomes a Member of the Company

after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the

cut-off date i.e. Tuesday, 11 July 2023 may follow steps

mentioned in the Notice of the AGM under “Access to

NSDL e-Voting system”.

d.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-Voting

user manual for Shareholders available at the

download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.:

022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 or send a request

to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre at evoting@nsdl.co.in

Process for those shareholders whose e-mail ids are not

registered with the depositories for procuring user id and

password and registration of e mail ids for e-Voting for the

resolutions set out in this notice:

a.

In case shares are held in physical mode, please provide

Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share

certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned

copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy

of Aadhar Card) to Company's Registrar & Share Transfer

Agent ("RTA"), Link Intime India Private Limited, C 101, 247

Park, L. B. S. Marg, Vikhroli West, Mumbai - 400 083.

b.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please contact

your Depository Participant and get your mail ID

registered with them. If you are an Individual shareholder

holding securities in demat mode, you are requested

to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e.

Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for

Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.

c.

Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request

to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password

for e-Voting by providing above mentioned documents.

d.

In terms of SEBI circular dated 9 December 2020 on

e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed

to vote through their demat account maintained with

Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders

are required to update their mobile number and e-mail

ID correctly in their demat account in order to access

e-Voting facility.

Instructions for Members for e-Voting on the day of

the AGM are as under:

a.

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same

as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-Voting.

b.

Only those Members/shareholders, who will be present in

the AGM through VC / OAVM facility and have not casted

their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and

are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible

to vote through e-Voting system in the AGM.

c.

Members who have voted through remote e-Voting will

be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be

eligible to vote at the AGM.

d.

The details of the person who may be contacted for any

grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the

day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for

remote e-Voting.

Instructions for Members for attending the AGM are

as under:

a.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM

through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system.

Members may access by following the steps mentioned

above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After

successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed

under “Join meeting” menu against company name. You

are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join

Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in

Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company

will be displayed. Please note that the members who

do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or

have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve

the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions

mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.

b.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops for better experience.

c.

Further Members will be required to allow Camera and

use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance

during the meeting.

d.

Please note that Participants connecting from Mobile

Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via

Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due

to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore

recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to

mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

e.

Shareholders who would like to express their views / ask

questions during the meeting may register themselves

as a speaker by sending their request in advance

from Thursday, 13 July 2023 (9:00 a.m. IST) to Sunday,

16 July 2023 (5:00 p.m. IST) prior to meeting mentioning

their name, demat account number / folio number,

e-mail id, mobile number, PAN at investorgrievance@

ajantapharma.com. The shareholders who do not wish

to speak during the AGM but have queries may send their

queries in advance 5 days prior to meeting mentioning

their name, demat account number / folio number,

e-mail id, mobile number, PAN at investorgrievance@

ajantapharma.com. These queries will be replied to by

your Company suitably by e-mail.

13. Mr. Alwyn D’Souza, a Practicing Company Secretary,

Mumbai (Membership No. 5559 & Certificate of Practice

No. 5137) has been appointed as the Scrutiniser to

scrutinise the voting and ensuring that remote e-Voting

Notice

249

248

Relying on Strength. Building on Strategy.

Annual Report 2022-23

Notice

