Dear Shareholders,

Annual Report 2022-23 | 21:

Managing Director

Shaunak Amin: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

Annual Report 2022-23 | 25:

Managing Director

Mr. Pranav Amin heads the

international business unit of

the organisation. A graduate

in Economics/Industrial

Management from the Carnegie

Mellon University in Pittsburgh,

USA and MBA in International

Management from Thunderbird,

USA, he is a great people leader

and leads his enterprise through

involvement, empowerment, and

autonomy.

Mr. Shaunak Amin: Managing

Managing Director of the

Company from January

2001 till July 2020. He is

also a Designated Partner

in MuellerUnifab Packaging

LLP, a 50-50 Joint-Venture

between Mueller Group

of Switzerland & Unifab

Engineers, a Saraiya family

firm. Mr. Saraiya has held

key positions in different

trade bodies such as

Federation of Gujarat

Industries (FGI), Vadodara,

CII-Western Region and

Gujarat Safety Council.

Outside of business, Mr.

Saraiya is also a patron

of art & culture and an

advocate for environmental

preservation. He is

associated as Trustee with

several socio-cultural

organisations including

the United Way of Baroda,

Swar Vilas, etc.

Dr. Archana Hingorani

Independent Director

Dr. Archana Hingorani

holds a Bachelor’s

Degree in Arts from the

University of Mumbai,

a Master’s Degree in

Business Administration

from the Graduate School

of Business, University

of Pittsburgh, USA and

a Doctorate Degree in

Philosophy from the

Joseph M. Katz Graduate

School of Business,

University of Pittsburgh,

USA. She has 28 years of

experience in financial

services and private equity

fund investment. She

is currently a Managing

Partner at Siana Capital, an

investment firm focused

on technology and

innovation and a Visiting

Faculty for Private Equity at

the Katz Graduate School

of Business, University

of Pittsburgh, USA. She

has been the recipient of

various awards including

the ‘Most Powerful

Women’ in 2014, 2015,

2016 and 2017 by Fortune

India, and ‘25 Most

Influential Women in Asia

Asset Management’ by

Asian Investor in May, 2014,

etc. In sum, she has over

35 years’ experience in the

financial services business,

teaching and research.

Mr. Ashok Barat

Independent Director

Mr. Ashok Barat is a Fellow

Member of the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of

India, Fellow Member of

the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India,

Associate Member of the

Institute of Chartered

Accountants of England &

Wales and CPA, Australia.

He has held responsible and

senior leadership positions

in various Indian and

multinational organizations,

both in India and overseas.

He began his career with

Hindustan Lever Limited

and thereafter in positions

of increasing responsibility,

with them and amongst

others, RPG Group, Pepsi,

Electrolux, Telstra and Heinz

(now Kraft Heinz). He retired

in 2016 as the Managing

Director of Forbes &

Company Limited. He is on

the Board of several other

companies. He is a regular

speaker at public forums

and takes keen interest

in mentoring start-ups.

Mr. Ashok Barat is a Past

President of the Bombay

Chamber of Commerce

and Industry, Council of EU

Chambers of Commerce

in India and presently,

Member, Managing

Committee of ASSOCHAM.

He is a Certified Mediator

empanelled with the

Ministry of Corporate

Affairs, Government of

India.

Mr. Jai Diwanji

Independent Director

Mr. Jai Diwanji completed

his education from the

University of Cambridge

(U.K.) with a B.A. in Law

degree in the year 1997.

In addition to this he also

holds a B.S.M. degree

from Tulane University

(U.S.A.). Jai Diwanji is an

advocate with over 25

years of experience. He

is presently a partner at

Desai & Diwanji, a full –

service Indian law firm. His

practice includes advising

national and international

corporates and other

multifarious enterprises

in the areas of mergers &

acquisitions, private equity,

joint ventures and general

corporate law. Mr. Jai

Diwanji is an Independent

Director on the board of

several other companies

and charities.

62 | Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00245099)

Mr. Shaunak Amin: Managing

Managing Director,

Mr. Shaunak Amin,: Managing

letter of even date which is annexed as Appendix A and forms an integral part

of this report.

80 | Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited:

letter, that:

i.

Maintenance of secretarial records and compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable Laws,

Rules, Regulations, Standards is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our examination was

limited to the verification and audit of procedures and records on test basis. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records and compliances based on such verification and audit.

ii.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records and we believe that the processes and practices we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

iii.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the Compliance of Laws, Rules

and Regulations, happening of events, etc.

iv.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the Company’s affairs.

Sd/-

S. Samdani

Partner

Samdani Shah & Kabra

Company Secretaries

FCS No. 3677; CP No. 2863

ICSI Peer Review # 1079/2021

ICSI UDIN: F003677E000258448

Place: Vadodara

Date: May 5, 2023

Annual Report 2022-23 | 81:

Managing Director

1:0.00335

(39.80)

Mr. Shaunak Amin,: Managing Director

1:0.00335

(39.80)

Mr. R. K. Baheti, Director-Finance & CFO

1:0.00719

(27.19)

Company Secretary

Mr. Charandeep Singh Saluja

-

11.00

Ms. Manisha Saraf (Appointed w.e.f. 1st April, 2023)

-

N.A

Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the

financial year

(9.16)%

Number of permanent employees on the rolls of company

14,593

Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other

than the managerial personnel in the last financial year and its comparison

with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification

thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase

in the managerial remuneration

10.16%

(Non-Managerial Personnel)

(42.79)%

(Managerial Personnel)

We affirm that the remuneration paid to the Managerial and Non-Managerial Personnel is as per the Nomination

and Remuneration policy of the Company.

On behalf of the Board of Directors,

Chirayu Amin

letter

of the law but also in its spirit.

2.

Board of Directors

•

Composition of the Board

The Board of Directors consist of 3 Promoter

Executive Directors, 1 Professional Executive

Director and 6 Independent Non-Executive

Directors. The Chairman of the Board is

an Executive Director. As on 31st March,

2023, 5 out of 9 directors and on the date

of this Report, 6 out of 10 Directors are

Non-Executive Independent Directors

including 1 Woman Director. Hence, the

Board meets the requirement of having

at least one Independent woman director

and not less than 50% of the Board strength

comprising of Non-Executive Independent

Directors.

•

Number of Board Meetings held and the

dates of the Board Meetings

Seven (7) Board Meetings were held during

the financial year ended 31st March, 2023 on

2nd May, 2022, 10th June, 2022, 4th August,

2022, 13th September, 2022, 11th November,

2022, 1st February, 2023 and 2nd March, 2023.

The time gap between any two meetings was

not exceeding one hundred and twenty days.

86 | Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited:

Managing Director in any

Listed Company serves as Independent Director

in more than 3 Listed Companies.

•

Disclosure of relationships between directors

inter-se

Mr. Chirayu Amin, Chairman & CEO is the father of

Mr. Pranav Amin and Mr. Shaunak Amin, Managing

Directors of the Company. None of the other

Directors are related to each other.

•

Familiarisation Programmes for Independent

Directors

The Company has conducted familiarisation

programmes for Independent Directors during the

financial year. The details for the same have been

disclosed on the website of the Company at the

following web-link:

https://alembicpharmaceuticals.com/wp-content/

uploads/2022/02/Familiarization-Programme.pdf

88 | Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited:

Managing Director

Mr. Shaunak Amin

5 years w.e.f.

2nd May, 2018

8.22

4.00

-

12.22

20.30

(39.80)%: Managing

Managing Director or the Chief

Executive Officer: Not complied

e)

Reporting of Internal Auditors directly to

Audit Committee: Complied

e)

Policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiaries’:

The Company has formed the policy for

determining ‘material’ subsidiaries’. The same

has been placed on the website of the

Company and web-link to the same is as under:

https://alembicpharmaceuticals.com/

wp-content/uploads/2022/02/Policy-on-

Material-Subsidiaries.pdf

f)

Disclosure of commodity price risks and

commodity hedging activities:

The details are provided at Point No. 10(n) of

this report.

g)

Disclosure

of

the

compliance

with

corporate

governance

requirements

specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and

Clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2)

of Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, 2015:

The Company has complied with the

requirements specified in Regulations 17 to

27 and Regulation 46(2)(b) to (i) of the SEBI

Listing Regulations, 2015.

h)

Independent Directors’ Meeting:

The Independent Directors met on 5th May,

2023 to carry out the evaluation for the

financial year 2022-23 and inter alia, discussed

the following:

•

Evaluation of the performance of Non

Independent Directors and the Board of

Directors as a whole;

•

Evaluation of the performance of the

Chairman, taking into account the views

of the Executive and Non-Executive

Directors;

•

Evaluation of quality, content and

timeliness of flow of information

between the Management and the

Board that is necessary for the Board

to effectively and reasonable perform

its duties.

During the financial year 2022-23, the

Independent Directors meeting was held on

2nd May, 2022 to discuss the above referred

points. Further, the Independent Director’s

meeting was also held on 2nd March, 2023

to consider and recommend to the Board

of Directors, the Scheme of Arrangement

in the nature of Re-organisation of General

96 | Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited:

Managing Director

DIN Number: 00245099

Email Id: apl.investors@alembic.co.in

9.

Does the entity have a specified Committee of the

Board/ Director responsible for decision making on

sustainability related issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide

details.

Yes, Mr. Pranav Amin and Mr. Shaunak Amin,

Managing Directors of the Company are

responsible for decision making on sustainability

relates issues. Additionally, the Company has

a Board-level committee on risk management

which is also responsible to oversee all aspects of

Sustainability and ESG.

112 | Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited:

Managing Director of the Company

about the total complaints received along with the summary of findings and

corrective actions taken by respective Committee handling issues related to HR,

Admin etc.

Other than

Permanent

Workers

Yes

Permanent

Employees

Yes

Other than

Permanent

Employees

Yes

118 | Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited:

Managing Director

3 Mr. Shaunak Amin: Managing

Letter as required under Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

In view of above, an Identified CWIP amount of H676.87 Crores has been written off to the Statement

of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31st March, 2023, in respect of manufacturing facilities or part

thereof, for which the commercial operation has commenced during the FY 2022-23 and an Identified

CWIP amount of H473.56 Crores has been provided for in the Statement of Profit and Loss as provision

for impairment /diminution in the value of assets in respect of manufacturing facilities or part thereof,

for which the commercial operation has not commenced during the FY 2022-23. Further, an amount

equivalent to the amount of write-off and impairment of assets (net of deferred tax) has been transferred

from General Reserve to the Statement of Profit and Loss for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2023.

Above items a) and b) are disclosed as Exceptional item. Refer Note 26.

c

The amount of H868.63 crores has been transferred from General Reserve to the Retained Earnings under

the head “Other Equity” during the financial year ended on 31st March, 2023, pending requisite approvals

as stated above, for which there is no specific accounting treatment specified in Ind AS.

28 Other Statutory information

i

The company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending

against the company for holding any Benami property.

ii

The company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond

the statutory period.

202 | Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited:

Managing Director

3 Mr. Shaunak Amin: Managing

Letter as required under Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

In view of above, an Identified CWIP amount of H676.87 Crores has been written off to the Statement

of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31st March, 2023, in respect of manufacturing facilities or part

thereof, for which the commercial operation has commenced during the FY 2022-23 and an Identified

CWIP amount of H473.56 Crores has been provided for in the Statement of Profit and Loss as provision

for impairment /diminution in the value of assets in respect of manufacturing facilities or part thereof,

for which the commercial operation has not commenced during the FY 2022-23. Further, an amount

equivalent to the amount of write-off and impairment of assets (net of deferred tax) has been transferred

from General Reserve to the Statement of Profit and Loss for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2023.

Above items a) and b) are disclosed as Exceptional item. Refer Note 27.

c

The amount of H868.63 crores has been transferred from General Reserve to the Retained Earnings under

the head “Other Equity” during the financial year ended on 31st March, 2023, pending requisite approvals

as stated above, for which there is no specific accounting treatment specified in Ind AS.

28 Other Statutory information

i

The Group does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending

against The Group for holding any Benami property.

ii

The Group does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the

statutory period.

iii

The Group have not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the period/year.

262 | Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited:

Managing Director or Mr. R. K. Baheti, Director -

Finance & CFO will declare the e-voting results

based on the Scrutinizer’s Report. The e-Voting

results along with Scrutinizer’s Report will be

displayed on the:

(i)

Notice Board of the Company at its Registered

Office;

(ii)

Company’s website

www.alembicpharmaceuticals.com;

(iii) NSDL’ website www.evoting.nsdl.com; and

(iv) S tock exchanges’ website www.nseindia.com

and www.bseindia.com

The instructions for casting your vote electronically are

as under:

i.

The remote e-Voting period begins on Tuesday,

the 1st August, 2023 (9:00 a.m. IST) and ends

on Thursday, the 3rd August, 2023 (5:00 p.m.

IST). During this period, members of the

Annual Report 2022-23 | 269:

Letter by clicking on "Upload Board

Resolution/Authority: Letter" displayed under

“e-Voting” tab on this screen or send scanned

copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board

Resolution/Authority letter authorizing person(s)

to vote, through their registered Email Id to the

Scrutinizer at cssamdani@gmail.com with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in, atleast 48 hours

before the meeting.

ii.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login to

the e-Voting website will be disabled upon five

unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available

on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

iii.

In case of any queries/grievances connected with

e-Voting, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-Voting user

manual for Shareholders available at the download

section of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com or call

on toll free no.: 1800-1020-990 and 1800-224-430 or

send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre: Sr. Manager at

evoting@nsdl.co.in

17. Instructions for members for attending the

AGM through VC / OAVM:

i.

Members will be able to attend the AGM

through VC / OAVM or view the live

webcast of the AGM provided by NSDL at

https://www.evoting.nsdl.com by following

the steps mentioned above for access to

NSDL e-Voting system. After successful

login, you can see link of VC/OAVM, placed

under ‘Join General Meeting’ menu against

company name. You are requested to click

on VC/OAVM link placed under ‘Join General

Meeting’ menu.

Members who do not have the User ID and

password for e-Voting or have forgotten

the User ID and password may retrieve the

same by following the e-Voting instructions

mentioned in this Notice.

ii.

Facility of joining the AGM through VC/

OAVM shall open 15 minutes before the time

scheduled for the AGM and will be available

for members on first come first served basis.

iii.

Members who would like to express their

views or ask questions during the AGM may

register themselves as a speaker by sending

their request from their registered Email Id

mentioning their name, DP ID and Client ID/

Folio No., PAN, Mobile No. to the Company

at apl.investors@alembic.co.in from 24th July,

2023 to 31st July, 2023. Those Members who

Annual Report 2022-23 | 275

letter of appointment of Mr. Jai Diwanji

setting out the terms and conditions of appointment is

available for inspection electronically.

The brief resume of Mr. Jai Diwanji and other details

as required under the provisions of Regulation 36(3) of

the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015, para 1.2.5 of SS-2

and other applicable provisions, if any, are provided in

Annexure - A to this Notice.

In accordance with the provisions of Section 149

read with Schedule IV to the Act, appointment of

Independent Directors requires approval of the

members of the Company. Further, in terms of the

SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015, a listed entity shall

ensure that approval of shareholders for appointment

of a person on the Board of Directors is taken at the

next general meeting or within a time period of three

months from the date of appointment, whichever is

earlier. Accordingly, the appointment of Mr. Jai Diwanji

requires the approval of the members of the Company

on or before 4th August, 2023.

The Board recommends the special resolution set out

in this Notice for approval by the members.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel

and their relatives other than Mr. Jai Diwanji, has any

concern or interest, financial or otherwise, in the

resolution.

Annual Report 2022-23 | 277:

Managing Director of Alembic

Pharmaceuticals Limited and heads

the international business unit of

the organisation. After joining the

organisation, he took charge as the: Managing

