Dear Shareholders,

nurturing passionate employees and resultantly driving robust

financial results.

I am pleased to share that team-mates, across the

organisation, have gone above and beyond to secure a strong

future for the company and I wish to congratulate each

one of them.

Consistent outperformance:

We have maintained our performance momentum, marking a

milestone of over INR 3000 crores in revenues, with FY23

recording a growth of 30% to INR 3149 crores. Operating

EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest Depreciation and Taxes)

registered a growth of 26% to INR 765 crores and Profit after

Tax was INR 410 crores recording a growth of 6% in FY23. With

a presence across 6 lakhs+ pharmacies, 40+ markets, we have

healthy reach both in India and select markets in the world.

WE DO

AS WE SAY

GOOD PEOPLE FOR GOOD HEALTH

J. B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited

JB Pharma Annual Report 2022-23

06:

Managing Director of Novartis, India.

Mr. Ranjit holds a Bachelor of Technology in

Mechanical Engineering from the Indian Institute of

Technology, Kanpur and a Masters in Business

Administration from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of

Management Studies.

Mr. Nikhil Chopra is a business leader with over

twenty years of experience with a consistent record

of sustainable growth and shareholder value

creation.

For over two decades, he has spearheaded

breakthrough ideas focused on creating greater

access to high quality treatment and medicines, and

gained a significant competitive advantage over

peers, especially in therapies such as Respiratory,

Urology, HIV, and Paediatric Care. He previously

worked as CEO-India Business for Cipla Ltd. He holds

an M.Sc. in Organic Chemistry from Gujarat

University.

Mr. Ranjit Shahani

Chairman and Independent Director

Mr. Nikhil Chopra

CEO & Whole Time Director

GOOD PEOPLE FOR GOOD HEALTH

J. B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited

JB Pharma Annual Report 2022-23

08:

Managing Director at KKR

private equity team. Prior to joining KKR, Mr. Kumar

was a Director and Member of the Investment

Committee at Chrys Capital, an emerging markets

focused private equity firm.

Mr. Kumar holds a B. Tech. from the Indian Institute

of Technology, Delhi, a post-graduate diploma in

management

from

the

Indian

Institute

of

Management, Kolkata, and a Masters in Business

Administration from The Wharton School at the

University of Pennsylvania.

Mr. Prashant Kumar

Non-executive Director:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure II and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents

of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe

that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of accounts of the Company.

4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of

events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. Our

examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place : Thane

Date : May 24,2023

For Ashish bhatt & Associates

Ashish bhatt

Practicing Company Secretary

FCS No: 4650

C.P. No. 2956

UDIN: F0004650E000363681

PR No. 762/2020:

letter of disclosure of interest to the Board relating to all material, financial

and commercial transactions, where they have personal interest, if any, that may have a potential conflict with the interest of the Company at large.

Appointment of and remuneration payable to CEO/executive director and senior management is reviewed and approved by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and recommended by it to the Board for approval.

QUARTERlY COmPlIAnCE REPORT On CORPORATE GOvERnAnCE

During the year 2022-23, the Company has submitted to the Exchanges quarterly compliance report on corporate governance and have placed such

report before the Board of Directors at the next meeting.:

LETTER OF CREDIT AND gUARANTEES

(` in lakhs)

Particulars

As at March 31, 2023

As at March 31, 2022

Letters of Credit by the banks

1,688.49

854.08

Guarantees issued by banks on behalf of the Company

5,961.90

1,356.84

40. RESEARCh AND DEvELOPMENT EXPENDITURE

The aggregate amount of revenue expenditure incurred during the year on Research & Development and shown in the respective heads of

account is ` 3,558.30 lakhs (Previous year ` 3,048.09 lakhs).:

letter of credit.

The Management does an impairment analysis at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. In addition, a large number

of minor receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively. Further, the Company’s customers

base is widely distributed both economically as well as geographically, and, in view of the same, the quantum risk also gets spread across:

LETTER OF CREDIT AND gUARANTEES

(` in lakhs)

Particulars

As at March 31, 2023

As at March 31, 2022

Letters of Credit by the banks

1,688.49

854.08

Guarantees issued by banks on behalf of the Holding Company

5,961.90

1,356.84

37.C. RESEARCh AND DEvELOPEMENT EXPENDITURE

The aggregate amount of revenue expenditure incurred during the year on Research & Development and shown in the respective heads of

account is ` 3,558.30 lakhs (Previous year ` 3,048.09 lakhs).

38. DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO IND AS 112 “DISCLOSURE OF INTEREST IN OThER ENTITIES”: SUbSIDIARIES

Change in the group’s ownership interest in a subsidiary

During the year, the Group has acquired 100% stake in Biotech Laboratories (PTY) Ltd. (Through Unique Pharmaceutical Laboratories FZE) by

acquiring remaining 4.76% stake of NCI on May 31, 2022.:

letter of credit.

The Management does an impairment analysis at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. In addition, a large number

of minor receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively. Further, the Group’s customers

base is widely distributed both economically as well as geographically and in view of the same, the quantum risk also gets spread across

wide base, and, hence Management considers risk with respect to trade receivable as low. Of the trade receivables balance at the end of

the year, ` 6,210.79 lakhs (March 31, 2022 ` 6,845.93 lakhs) is due from a single counter party which is in excess of 10% of total trade

receivables.:

