Letter

CEO & MD’s: Letter

26

ESG Strategy

Our ESG Goals

Our Materiality Assessment

Governance, Ethics and Compliance

Board of

Letter

LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023

12:

Dear Shareholders,

I am delighted to present our Integrated Report for

FY23. This is the third Integrated Report since

we formally embarked on our Environment, Social

and Governance (ESG) journey. Through this report,

we share an overview of our business performance,

and progress against our ESG goals and plans.

Our Performance and Shareholder Returns

FY23 has been eventful for Lupin, characterized by

notable achievements and promising growth prospects.

Throughout the year, we focused on driving sustainable

improvements in operating margins while capitalizing

on growth opportunities across all regions. We made

significant investments in India to expand our sales force

and enhance our reach. Our team has worked tirelessly to

achieve robust growth in the Indian market despite

the headwinds witnessed in our in-licensed

anti-diabetes portfolio.

In the U.S., we have now seen continuous margin

improvement for three consecutive quarters through

portfolio optimization and cost optimization efforts. We

increased R&D spending quarter over quarter with a focus

on complex generics, particularly in the inhalation and

injectables segments. We are now looking at a wave of

launches of complex products in the U.S. that gives us the

opportunity to meet unmet needs and grow sustainably.

The API business has shown signs of recovery, with

demand growth in our core products. Our EMEA region

has witnessed growth, driven by successful launches

in Germany and the European market. Additionally,

our subsidiary in the APAC region, particularly in the

Philippines, has delivered exceptional performance.

Our progress in the U.S., combined with growth in other

regions such as India, EMEA, APAC and API, has enabled

us to achieve overall margin improvement. We now look

forward to improved topline growth, margins and profits,

all together driving enhanced shareholder returns.

Enablers for Strategy Execution

In pursuit of operational excellence, we continue to

refine our operating model. The focus has been to

improve synergies across our value chain through the

implementation of Integrated Business Planning (IBP),

which focuses on aligning demand and supply planning,

providing visibility across the company to all concerned.

We see digital technologies as key enablers to strategic

execution, and we have designed a multi-year digital

transformation journey to ensure a cohesive and deliberate

approach to modernizing our digital capabilities.

Strong Foundation for Future Growth

Throughout the year, we filed 28 products in the U.S.

and 10 outside the U.S., with significant progress in our

injectable and inhalation platforms. Delivery of these

products enables us to drive sustainable growth.

Compliance has been a key focus area, and I am pleased

to share that we have made material progress on our

remediation efforts at multiple sites. We are committed to

ensuring consistent and sustainable compliance across all

our facilities.

Our recent acquisitions, including Anglo-French in India,

Southern Cross in Australia, Xopenex®, Brovana® in the U.S.,

and Bausch portfolio in Brazil, have all performed as per

expectations.

We remain committed to driving innovation, expanding

our product portfolio, and delivering sustainable value

to our shareholders. As we look ahead to FY24, we are

optimistic about launching key products like Tiotropium

DPI, Darunavir, and others in the U.S. and other markets.

Combined with our focused initiatives, these launches

will enable us to drive double-digit growth and improve

operating margins.

Leveraging the Founder’s Legacy:

A Commitment to Sustainable Performance

Our Founder, Dr. Desh Bandhu Gupta, had always

emphasized responsible leadership and innovation,

which is reflected in our ESG approach. Our focus on

ESG is a cornerstone to creating a strong and sustainable

organization that benefits all stakeholders in the long

run. We have developed a robust ESG framework that

guides our sustainable value-creation goals and our ESG

disclosures. We ensure that our ESG strategy aligns with

our business priorities and global standards.

I thank the Board for its strategic leadership, my

executive team for their steadfast commitment, and our

people who are committed to the success of Lupin. It is

through their efforts, along with the collaboration and

support of our partners and shareholders, that we are

achieving our purpose of empowering the health and

the lives of our patients.

Sincerely,

Manju Deshbandhu Gupta

Chairman

FY23 has been

eventful for Lupin,

characterized by

notable achievements

and promising growth

prospects.

“

“

Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

13:

Letter

LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023

14:

Dear Stakeholders,

Since our inception in 1968, we have been committed

to serving the cause of a healthier world through our

affordable and innovative medicines while maintaining

a strong focus on safety, quality, and value. As Lupin

celebrates 56 years of its existence, we are more

dynamic, agile, and future-focused than ever before.

We are delighted to share our reflections on Lupin’s

performance in FY23. As we look back, throughout

the year, we made progress, improving and optimizing

our business while continuing to invest for the future

and delivering on key milestones to drive sustainable

growth. Importantly, we have continuously adapted

to the evolving environment while advancing our

strategic growth drivers. We actively collaborated

with all our stakeholders to overcome challenges and

improve access to healthcare and medicine security

for those most in need.

Delivering in a challenging macro environment

Despite the headwinds and challenges posed by our

operating environment, Lupin has achieved growth in

majority of its regions and delivered operating margin

improvement over the quarters. Whilst we recognize

that we have some way to go, we are pleased with the

momentum we have built and are committed to the

journey of eventually delivering best-in-class results

through execution of important products, operational

excellence and efficiency.

Throughout the year, our team has had a sharp focus

on getting our India business back to double-digit

growth and quarter-after-quarter improvement in

the U.S. This focus, along with growth in other areas

like our API business, EMEA and APAC, enabled us

to deliver sales growth and margin improvement as

planned. We are committed to sustaining this positive

momentum into the new fiscal, driving strong growth

across all our regions, in particular in India, backed by

our recent sales force expansion and the U.S. aided

by material new product launches and continued

optimization.

During the year, we launched multiple new divisions

in India to increase our reach and drive higher growth.

We also carried out significant rationalization of

the workforce across our plants and other areas to

improve our productivity.

Progress on Strategy

We have been on a strategic path to evolve our business

into complex generics platforms for the U.S. and other

developed markets, while continuing to build our India

and other emerging markets branded business. As part of

this strategy, we have strengthened the building blocks for

future growth while optimizing the cost base for our legacy

portfolio. In FY23, we maintained our focus on rationalizing

our oral solid dosage portfolio for the U.S., consolidating

our manufacturing base and strengthening our balance

sheet. We have also had material progress on important

pipeline products. We are confident that these measures

will continue to yield strong results in the quarters ahead.

Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

15:

Managing Director

consistent double-digit growth in our India business. With

strong execution on these growth drivers and continued

focus on cost optimization, we expect to deliver growth in

both revenues and margins throughout the year.

We recognize that our success is a result of the collective

efforts of our dedicated employees, the trust and support

of our investors and stakeholders, and our unwavering

commitment to delivering high-quality healthcare

solutions worldwide. As we forge ahead, we remain

steadfast in our commitment to compliance, operational

excellence, and innovation.

We extend our deepest gratitude to each and every

one of you for your continued support and trust in

Lupin. We are confident that together, we will achieve

great milestones and create sustainable value for all

stakeholders.

Sincerely,

Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

17:

Letter status (WL) by FY25

• Recalls

• Maintain zero class I recalls

• Data Integrity

• No data integrity-related

observations in any

regulatory audits

• Quality Audits

• Lupin’s India sites undergo

annual audits, while

supplier sites are audited

every three years and

during vendor qualification

• cGMP Training

• Ensure 100% completion

of mandatory training to

applicable employees

Regulatory Compliance,

Quality, and Patient Safety

Material Issues

• Community Engagement

and Development

• Regulatory Compliance,

Consumer and Patient

Safety & Pharmacovigilance

• Data Integrity, Data Privacy

and Cyber Security

Capitals

Material Issues

• Environmental Impact

Management

• Climate Change and Impact

on Business

• Opportunities in Renewable

Energy

• Opportunities in Green

Building

• Antimicrobial Resistance

Capitals

Material Issues

• Regulatory Compliance,

Consumer and Patient

Safety & Pharmacovigilance

• Data Integrity, Data Privacy

and Cyber Security

Capitals

Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

29:

Managing Director.

Lupin Limited, A UNGC Signatory

Lupin takes immense pride in becoming a signatory of the

United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), an endorsement

that reflects our strong commitment to good governance

and ethics. As a UNGC signatory, we join a global network

of like-minded organizations, enabling us to leverage

collective expertise, best practices, and collaborative

initiatives to address global challenges.

By becoming a UNGC signatory, Lupin affirms its

dedication to upholding the ten principles of the UNGC in

human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption. This

commitment aligns with our core values and reinforces our

ongoing efforts to integrate sustainability and responsible

business practices throughout our operations.

We will communicate our progress to the UNGC, ensuring

transparency and accountability while actively participating

in sustainable development goals.

LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023

34:

Managing Director

Mrs. Manju D. Gupta

Chairman

Audit Committee

Ms. Vinita Gupta

Chief Executive Officer

C

M

M

C

Nomination &

Remuneration Committee

M

M

M

M

Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee

LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023

36:

Managing Director

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan, Executive Director,

Global CFO & CRO and Head - Corporate Affairs

Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard, Independent Director

Mr. K. B. S. Anand, Independent Director

Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha, Independent Director

Mr. Mark D. McDade, Independent Director

LEADERSHIP TEAM

Ms. Vinita Gupta, Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Nilesh D. Gupta,: Managing

Letter

Ramesh Swaminathan

Executive Director, Global CFO & CRO

and Head – Corporate Affairs

Poised to

Capitalize on

Opportunities

LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023

50:

Dear Shareholders,

FY23 was a year of transformation for Lupin in several

ways. It was a year in which we worked on several

initiatives and took active steps to make the business a

lot more robust. Whilst we achieved good outcomes on

several of the initiatives, secular inflation across several

categories of input material, eroded into the overall

gains. Our financial performance in FY23 reflected

margin improvements in every successive quarter, the

first quarter performance being marred by one-time

events. The efforts culminated in improving margins in

the U.S. as well as growth and better margin profiles in

India, API, EMEA and APAC regions.

Strengthening the Core

Our sales regained growth momentum throughout

the year and were driven by a combination of factors,

including the successful launch of new products and the

resumption of demand post COVID-19. Despite some

pricing challenges faced in the U.S. market, our overall

performance remained resilient, recording $632 Mn in

sales. Our North America revenues stood at `54,173 Mn

compared to `57,556 Mn in FY22, accounting for 33% of

Lupin’s global sales. In the U.S., we improved our margins

through portfolio optimization, maximizing the high-

value products and continued cost optimization efforts.

In India, Lupin’s formulation or finished drug sales are at

`60,759 Mn, up 1.2% compared to `60,042 Mn in FY22,

accounting for 37% of Lupin’s global sales. In India, our

branded formulations business recorded 3.3% growth

as we faced certain headwinds in our anti-diabetes

business due to loss of exclusivity and genericization,

but growth in other areas, such as gynecology and GI

was in double digits.

Our EMEA sales region witnessed impressive growth;

year-on-year, sales grew by 14.1%, accounting for 10%

of Lupin’s global sales. In South Africa, sales were ZAR

1,364 Mn for FY23, compared to ZAR 1,375 Mn for FY22.

UK sales for FY23 were at GBP 15.8 Mn, up 75.6%

compared to GBP 9 Mn in FY22. In Germany,

we experienced year-on-year growth of 23.6% in

sales clocking EUR 40 Mn for FY23, compared to

EUR 32 Mn for FY22. In Brazil, the Bausch brands

acquisition helped to improve margins and grow the

core business by 21%. On similar lines, the acquisition

of Southern Cross in Australia helped the company to

grow 30%. API business was commendable, with sales

growing by 12% on a year-on-year basis from `9,904 Mn

in FY22 to `11,092 Mn in FY23, accounting for 6.8% of

Lupin’s global sales.

We remain optimistic about Lupin’s future

prospects in FY24. We are poised to

capitalize on emerging opportunities in

both established and new markets, driven

by our differentiated portfolio, and focus on

operational excellence.

“

“

Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

51:

letter

12. TGA, Australia completed GMP inspection at

Nagpur Unit-1 and considered the facility as

acceptable

Lupin’s FY23 Manufacturing Site and Pharmacovigilance Inspections

13. National Drug Authority (NDA), Uganda completed

inspection at Nagpur Unit-1 and considered the

facility as acceptable

14. WHO, Geneva completed GMP inspections

at Nagpur Unit-1, LBC Pune, and Jammu, and

considered the facilities as acceptable

15. Brazil Health Regulatory Agency, Anvisa, completed

GMP inspection for Pyrazinamide API at Vizag

facility with no observation

16. U.S. FDA completed inspection of BLA for

Pegfilgrastim at Lupin’s Biotech facility in Pune with

17 observations

17. HPRA completed inspection of Lupin’s Biotech

facility in Pune with no critical observations

18. U.S. FDA completed inspection at Somerset, NJ with

two observations. Received EIR with VAI status.

19. U.S. FDA completed inspection at Pithampur Unit-2

with 10 observations: Received EIR

20. Health Canada completed inspection at Mandideep

Unit-1 and Unit-2 with no critical observations

21. WHO Geneva completed inspection at Lupin’s

Tarapur facility with six major and four minor

observations

22. MOH Russia and MOH Ukraine completed GMP

inspection at Lupin Aurangabad facility and

considered it acceptable

23. COFEPRIS, Mexico completed GMP inspection at

Mandideep Unit-1 with zero observations

24. Hessian Office for Health and Care, Germany

completed virtual inspection at Lupin’s Goa facility

with 2 major observations

This program serves as a testament to our unwavering

commitment to elevating quality standards.

Investing in the continued success of ‘Quality First,’ we

have introduced a range of new initiatives as of FY23.

The eight initiatives were originally implemented at our

Pithampur Unit-2 and it has become a fundamental

pillar across all our manufacturing sites.

LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023

66:

letter and came out of it within FY22

Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

161:

Managing Director,

(DIN: 01734642), for a period of five years, effective

September 1, 2023, subject to approval of

Members, by way of an Ordinary Resolution at the

ensuing Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’).

Mr. Nilesh D. Gupta is a Chemical Engineer from

the University Department of Chemical Technology

(UDCT), Mumbai and a graduate with honors from

the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania,

USA, where he specialised in healthcare, strategic

management and finance. Mr. Gupta has been

instrumental in formulating and executing the core

strategy that has helped the Company emerge

as a global specialty and complex generics

pharmaceutical powerhouse. Mr. Gupta is Member

of the Audit Committee, Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee, CSR Committee and Risk Management

Committee.

Dr. Kamal K. Sharma, Non-Executive Vice Chairman,

(DIN: 00209430), stepped-down from the Board

of Directors of the Company effective October 14,

2022. Dr. Sharma was on the Board of the Company

for over 19 years. He helped lead the Company in

setting the vision and strategic direction, assessing

inorganic growth initiatives, and mentoring senior

management. The Company immensely benefited

from his guidance, rich experience and advice.

The Board and the Management places on record

their sincere appreciation for the services rendered

by Dr. Sharma during his long association with the

Company.

Ms. Christine Mundkur, Independent Director,

(DIN: 08408494), stepped-down from the Board

of Directors of the Company, effective January 1,

2023, to avoid any conflict of interest since she

joined the Board of Cardinal Health, USA as an

Independent Director. The Company immensely

benefited from her skills, expertise, competencies,

wide experience in the pharma industry and

valuable advice. The Board and the Management

places on record their sincere appreciation for

the services rendered by Ms. Mundkur during her

association with the Company.

In accordance with the provisions of Section 152

of the Act, Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan, Executive

Director, Global CFO & CRO and Head – Corporate

Affairs, (DIN: 01833346), retires by rotation at the

ensuing AGM and is eligible for re-appointment.

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan brings to the Company

rich experience of over three decades. In addition to

having worked with the Company for over 13 years,

he has also worked with reputed organisations in

diverse industry sectors. Mr. Ramesh has worked

with VST Industries Ltd., SPIC Group, Standard

Chartered Bank, Henkel and L&T. As CFO, he

has won several accolades with coveted awards

being conferred on him. Mr. Ramesh is a qualified

Chartered Accountant, Cost Accountant and

Company Secretary. In addition to being a Lord

Chevening Scholar, UK, Mr. Ramesh completed an

advanced management program from INSEAD,

France. He is Member of the Risk Management

Committee of the Board. Mr. Ramesh is Chief

Risk Officer of the Company and Member of its

Leadership team.

In terms of Regulation 17(1A) of the Listing

Regulations, approval of Members, vide Special

Resolution shall be sought at the ensuing AGM of

the Company, for the continuation of directorship of

Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard, Independent Director,

(DIN: 07325356), who shall attain the age of 75

years on October 28, 2023.

Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard, a French national,

graduated from Ecole des Hautes Etudes

Commerciales, France and completed Master of

Business Administration from Cornell University,

USA. Mr. Belingard started his career with

Merck, Sharp and Dohme before moving to

F. Hoffman-La Roche, Basel, Switzerland.

He was Member of the Executive Committee,

F. Hoffman-La Roche and CEO, Roche Diagnostics,

Basel, Switzerland. Mr. Belingard was CEO,

bioMerieux-Pierre Fabre, France. He was

Chairman & CEO, Ipsen Group, France. In the

past, Mr. Belingard was also on the board of

Laboratoire Pierre Fabre, France. Mr. Belingard

joined bioMerieux S.A. as CEO and became

its Chairman. He was a Member of the Bill and

Melinda Gates Foundation. He is also Foreign Trade

Advisor to the French Government. Mr. Belingard

has been conferred upon the prestigious National

Awards, Chevalier de I’Ordre National du Merite

LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023

182:

Managing Director.

Dr. Kamal K. Sharma, Non-Executive Vice Chairman

and Ms. Christine Mundkur, Independent Director

were Members of the Audit Committee up to

October 13, 2022 and December 31, 2022,

respectively. Mr. Anand and Mr. Gupta were

appointed Members of the Audit Committee w.e.f.

October 13, 2022 and January 1, 2023, respectively.

Mr. R. V. Satam, Company Secretary, acts as the

Secretary of the Committee. All recommendations

made by the Audit Committee were accepted

by the Board. The functions performed by the

Committee, particulars of meetings held and

attendance of the Members at the said meetings

are mentioned in the Corporate Governance Report,

which forms part of the Integrated Report.

Nomination and Remuneration Policy

The Board has on the recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee (‘NRC’),

formulated a Nomination and Remuneration

Policy pertaining to remuneration of directors, key

managerial personnel and senior management

as stipulated by Section 178(3) of the Act and

Regulation 19(4) of the Listing Regulations.

The policy lays down guiding principles, philosophy

and basis for recommending payment of

remuneration to executive/non-executive directors

and key managerial personnel. It includes criteria

for determining qualifications, positive attributes

and independence of directors. The NRC evaluates

balance of skills, knowledge and experience of

Independent Directors and recommends them to

the Board for appointment as mentioned in the

Policy. The functions of the NRC are disclosed in

the Corporate Governance Report, which forms

part of the Integrated Report. In compliance with

proviso to Section 178(4) of the Act, the policy

has been hosted on the Company’s website

Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

183:

Managing Director

Executive Director,

Global CFO & CRO and

Head – Corporate Affairs

Company Secretary

(DIN: 00209461)

(DIN: 00058631)

(DIN: 01734642)

(DIN: 01833346)

(ACS - 11973)

Mumbai, May 9, 2023

Part ‘B’: Joint Ventures

Statement pursuant to Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Jointly Controlled Entity

(INR in million)

Name of the Jointly Controlled Entity

YL Biologics Limited, Japan

1) Latest Audited Balance Sheet Date

March 31, 2023

2) Date on which Jointly Controlled Entity was acquired

April 23, 2014

3) Shares of the Jointly Controlled Entity held by the Company on the year end *(Refer note below)

Number

450 Common Shares of JPY Nil

Amount of investment in the Jointly Controlled Entity

300.7

Extent of Holding %

45%

4) Description of how there is significant influence

N.A.

5) Reason why the Jointly Controlled Entity is not consolidated

N.A.

6) Networth attributable to Shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet

300.7

7) Profit/(Loss) for the year

(i) Considered in Consolidation (after inter company adjustment)

-

(ii) Not Considered in Consolidation

-

* Note: Shares are held by Lupin Atlantis Holdings SA, Switzerland, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Manju D. Gupta

Vinita Gupta

Nilesh D. Gupta

Ramesh Swaminathan

R. V. Satam

Chairman

Chief Executive Officer: Managing

Managing Director

2

2

5.

Mr. K. B. S. Anand

Member, Independent Director

2

2

3. Provide the web-links where composition of the CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR

Projects approved by the Board are disclosed on the website of the Company:

Composition of the CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects have been hosted on the Company’s

website www.lupin.com and web links for the same are https://www.lupin.com/investors/committees-of-

the-board/, https://www.lupin.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/CSR-POLICY-2023.pdf and https://

www.lupinfoundation.in/ respectively.

4. Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR

Projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable:

As none of the CSR projects undertaken by the Company had outlays of ` one crore or more, there was

no need to undertake impact assessment study.

LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023

190:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00209461)

(DIN: 01734642)

Mumbai, May 9, 2023

LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023

192:

Managing Director)

Nil

b.

Employees to whom options granted amounting to

5% or more, of the total options granted during the

year.

(i) Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan was granted 10000 options

under ESOP 2011 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(ii) Dr. Rajender Kamboj was granted 15000 options under

ESOP 2011 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(iii) Mr. Naresh Kumar Gupta was granted 10000 options

under ESOP 2011 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(iv) Mr. Rajeev Sibal was granted 15000 options under ESOP

2011 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(v) Dr. Cyrus Karkaria was granted 15000 options under

ESOP 2011 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(vi) Mr. Sunil Makharia was granted 10000 options under

ESOP 2011 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(vii) Mr. Yashwant Mahadik was granted 10000 options under

ESOP 2011 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(viii) Mr. Rajendra Baburao Chunodkar was granted 15000

options under ESOP 2011 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(ix) Mr. Thierry Volle was granted 15000 options under

SESOP 2011 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(x) Mr. Patrick Nadeau was granted 7554 options under

SESOP 2011 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(xi) Dr. Dhananjay Bakhle was granted 2470 options under

ESOP 2014 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(xii) Mr. Makarand Avachat was granted 3700 options under

ESOP 2014 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(xiii) Mr. Pradeep Chakravarty was granted 3700 options

under ESOP 2014 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(xiv) Mr. Arunabha Raychaudhuri was granted 2676 options

under ESOP 2014 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(xv) Mr. Gautam Pareek was granted 7000 options under

ESOP 2014 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(xvi) Dr. Shahin Fesharaki was granted 142014 options under

SESOP 2014 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

(xvii) Mr. Spiro Gavaris was granted 33137 options under

SESOP 2014 at an exercise price of ` 2.00.

c.

Employees to whom options equal to or exceeding 1%

of the issued capital have been granted during the year.

Nil

(vii) Description of the method and significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value

of the options, including the following information:

• Fair value calculated by using Black-Scholes option pricing model.

• Share price: The closing price on NSE as on the date of grant has been considered for valuing the

options granted.

• Exercise Price: Exercise Price is the price payable by the employee for exercising the ESOP granted in

pursuance of the terms of the Plan.

• Expected Volatility: The historical volatility of the stock till the date of grant has been considered to

calculate the fair value of the options.

• Expected Option Life: Expected Life of option is the period for which the Company expects the

options to be live. The minimum life of a stock option is the minimum period before which the options

cannot be exercised and the maximum life is the period after which the options cannot be exercised.

• Expected dividends: Expected dividend yield has been calculated as an average of dividend yields for

five to six years preceding the date of the grant.

200 LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023:

Managing Director

-30%

92

5.

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan,

Executive Director, Global CFO & CRO and Head – Corporate Affairs

-4.1%

143

6.

Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard

Independent Director

-82.3%

3

7.

Ms. Christine Mundkur

Independent Director

(up to December 31, 2022)

-19.8%

(Refer note No. vii)

12

8.

Mr. K. B. S. Anand

Independent Director

-79.9%

3

9.

Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha

Independent Director

-79.4%

3

10.

Mr. Mark D. McDade

Independent Director

-81.5%

3

11.

Mr. R. V. Satam,

Company Secretary

6.3%

N.A.

i)

The median remuneration of employees of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2023 was

` 0.54 million.

ii) During the year ended March 31, 2023, there was an increase of 3.85 % in the median remuneration of

employees.

iii) During the year ended March 31, 2023, there was an average increase of 11.3% in the salaries of employees

other than key managerial personnel.

iv) As on March 31, 2023, the Company had 18731 permanent employees.

v) Ms. Vinita Gupta is an employee of Lupin Management, Inc., USA, wholly owned subsidiary of the

Company.

vi) Dr. Kamal K. Sharma was on the Board of the Company till October 13, 2022, hence his remuneration for

FY 2022-23 is not comparable with that of FY 2021-22.

vii) Ms. Christine Mundkur was on the Board of the Company till December 31, 2022, hence her remuneration

for FY 2022-23 is not comparable with that of FY 2021-22.

viii) We affirm that payment of remuneration is as per the Nomination & Remuneration policy of the Company.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Manju D. Gupta

Chairman

(DIN: 00209461)

Mumbai, May 9, 2023

202 LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023:

letter of even date which is enclosed as Annexure 1 and forms integral part

of this Report.

Ms. Neena Bhatia

(Company Secretary)

FCS No.: 9492

CP. No.: 2661

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2023

UDIN: F009492E000272843

Peer reviewed no.: 1012/2020

204 LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023:

letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on the secretarial records based on my audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis

to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices, I

followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3. I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the

Company.

4. Wherever required, I have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules

and regulations and happening of events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of Management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test

basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Ms. Neena Bhatia

(Company Secretary)

FCS No: 9492

CP. No.: 2661

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2023

UDIN: F009492E000272843

Peer reviewed no.: 1012/2020

Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 205:

letter, form

and spirit and delivers on its promise of providing

affordable healthcare to patients across the globe.

Corporate Governance initiatives are implemented

by the management with guidance and support

from the Board. Effective leadership together with

good Corporate Governance practices have been

the Company’s strength.

The Company has a diversified Board which has an

ideal combination of entrepreneurship, leadership

and professionalism. Board members possess rich

experience in pharma, strategy, finance and general

management. The Board has an optimum blend of

executive, non-executive and independent directors

which ensure that best standards of Corporate

Governance are nurtured and practiced. The Board

gives strategic directions and provides tactical

insights to the management. Apart from complying

with all mandatory requirements, the Company

also complies with non-mandatory requirements

stipulated under Regulation 27(1) read with Part

E of Schedule II of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

(‘Listing Regulations’) regarding unmodified audit

opinions on financial statements, maintaining line of

reporting of the Head of Internal Audit to the Audit

Committee and appointment of separate persons

as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Managing

Director.

The Company encourages and promotes a culture

of intensive deliberations, transparency and

impartiality in its dealings with stakeholders and the

public at large. In line with the belief that, ‘where

the mind is without fear, the head is held high’, the

Company instituted P.L.E.D.G.E. (Preparing Lupin

Employees to Demonstrate Governance and Ethical

Conduct), which enforces Lupin Code of Business

Conduct and Ethics (CODE) which allows employees

to report concerns on actual or suspected violations

of the CODE without any fear of retaliation or

retribution. Employees can even report their

concerns anonymously.

The Company adheres to uncompromising integrity

in conduct of business and has zero tolerance for

corrupt and immoral practices. The Company’s

operations are guided by strong control systems

which are reviewed regularly by internal and external

auditors. Code of Conduct, Whistleblower Policy and

Prevention of Workplace Harassment and initiatives

on creating awareness of sexual harassment at

workplace, empower employees to report unethical

practices. Specified mechanisms have been set up

to deal with workplace harassments and facilitate

their swift redressal. Employees can raise their

concerns to the Office of Ombudsperson about

potential issues concerning fraudulent business

practices, unethical behaviour, discriminating or

gender-biased misconduct and violation of the

Company’s policies or CODE. No person has been

denied access to the Chairperson of the Audit

Committee. During the year, the Ombudsperson

office received 22 complaints through multiple

reporting channels. Teams of strategic business unit

heads/officers appointed by the Ombudsperson

are engaged by the Ethics and Compliance office,

for resolution of reported cases in accordance with

the Whistleblower Policy. During the year, three

sexual harassment complaints were investigated

and resolved by the Internal Complaints Committee

within the specified turnaround time as per the

Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace

(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.

Codes of Conduct have been adopted for directors

and senior management personnel. Additionally, a

separate code for independent directors has also

been adopted. The codes are hosted on the website

of the Company (www.lupin.com). In compliance

with Regulation 26(3) of the Listing Regulations, all

directors and senior management personnel have

affirmed compliance with their respective codes

for the year ended March 31, 2023. In compliance

with Schedule V(D) of the Listing Regulations,

Mr. Nilesh D. Gupta,: Managing

Managing Director

P. & E.D.

8

8

100%

14.6

Yes

5

-

-

5.

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan,

Executive Director, Global

CFO & CRO and Head –

Corporate Affairs

E.D.

8

7

87.5%

3.0

Yes

-

-

-

6.

Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard,

Independent Director

I. N-E.D.

8

4

50%

7.5

Yes

2

2

-

7.

Ms. Christine Mundkur,

Independent Director

(up to December 31, 2022)

I. N-E.D.

7

6

85.7%

3.9

Yes

2

2

-

8.

Mr. K. B. S. Anand, **

Independent Director

I. N-E.D.

8

7

87.5%

2.8

Yes

5

5

3/-

9.

Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha, ***

Independent Director

I. N-E.D.

8

8

100%

2.8

Yes

8

2

7/2

10. Mr. Mark D. McDade,

Independent Director

I. N-E.D.

8

7

87.5%

2.2

No

4

2

-

Average:

11.8

*

Dr. Kamal K. Sharma is an Independent Director & Chairman of Sequent Scientific Limited and Independent

Director of Shilpa Medicare Limited, companies listed in India.

**

Mr. K. B. S. Anand is an Independent Director of Tata Chemicals Limited, Borosil Limited, UFO Moviez India

Limited, Bharat Forge Limited and Galaxy Surfactants Limited, companies listed in India. He holds more than

four board mandates of listed companies other than Lupin Limited.

*** Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha is an Independent Director of JSW Steel Limited and Rallis India Limited, companies

listed in India.

Notes:

(a) P. & N-E.D.: Promoter & Non-Executive Director; P. & E.D.: Promoter & Executive Director; N-E.D.:

Non-Executive Director; E.D.: Executive Director; I. N-E.D.: Independent Non-Executive Director.

(b) Mrs. Manju D. Gupta is the mother of Ms. Vinita Gupta and Mr. Nilesh D. Gupta.

(c) No director holds directorships in more than ten public companies/seven listed companies and no

independent director holds independent directorships in more than seven listed companies.

(d) No independent director is Member of more than ten committees or Chairman of more than five

committees across all public limited companies whether listed or not in which they are directors.

Private Companies and Foreign Companies are excluded. Membership/Chairmanship of committees of

only Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee are considered.

208 LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023:

Managing Director,

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan - Executive Director, Global CFO & CRO and Head – Corporate Affairs, Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard

and Mr. Mark D. McDade, Independent Directors, have relevant experience in the Company’s line of business i.e.

Healthcare/Pharma.

Board Meetings

The Board of Directors evaluate the effectiveness of Company’s management policies, set corporate

objectives, provides strategic directions and guides the senior management to create sustainable growth and

enhance shareholder value. The Board is regularly apprised of key business developments. Detailed business

presentations are made at board meetings by the CEO, MD, CFO and functional heads which enables the

Board to set goals and seek accountability for their fulfilment. The Board and its various Committees, provide

direction and exercise control to ensure that stakeholders’ aspirations and societal expectations are met.

The Board believes in ‘safety first’, thus, health/safety concerns are deliberated in detail at its meetings.

Dates of Board meetings are finalised after ascertaining convenience of all directors. Tentative annual calendar

of Board meetings is circulated to all directors in advance in order to enable them in planning their schedules.

Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 209:

Managing Director

Mr. Nilesh D. Gupta, (DIN: 01734642) is a Chemical Engineer from the University Department of Chemical

Technology (UDCT), Mumbai and a graduate with honors from the Wharton School, University of

Pennsylvania, USA, where he specialised in healthcare, strategic management and finance. Mr. Gupta has

been instrumental in formulating and executing the core strategy that has helped the Company emerge as

a global specialty and complex generics pharmaceutical powerhouse. Mr. Gupta is Member of the Audit

Committee, Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, CSR Committee and Risk Management Committee.

List of directorships of companies other than

subsidiaries of Lupin

Chairman/Member of Committees of companies other

than subsidiaries of Lupin

Lupin Investments Private Limited

Synchem Properties Private Limited

Zyma Properties Private Limited

Polynova Industries Limited

Visiomed Investments Private Limited

-

Board members bring up matters for consideration and discussions at its meetings. Board approvals, for

urgent matters, are sought by way of circular resolutions, which are noted and confirmed at subsequent

Board meetings. Directors intimate the Board about changes in their board/committee positions (including

chairmanships) held by them and their shareholdings in other companies.

In compliance with the Act and Rules made thereunder and Secretarial Standards - 1, agendas (along

with detailed notes), actions taken/status report (on decisions taken at Board/Committee meetings) and

presentations to be made at meetings of the Board/Committees are circulated in advance through a secure

platform. With the unanimous consent of the Board, information which is in the nature of unpublished price

sensitive, is circulated to directors at a shorter notice. Draft minutes of the Board/Committees are circulated

to directors within 15 days from the date of the meeting. Copies of minutes of Board meetings of subsidiaries,

minutes of Committees of the Board and reports/certificates confirming compliance with various applicable

laws are tabled at Board meetings.

Details of Board Meetings

During the year, eight Board meetings were held as mentioned below. In compliance with provisions of Section

173(1) of the Act and Regulation 17(2) of the Listing Regulations, the time-gap between two consecutive

meetings was not more than 120 days. The Board approved two Resolutions by circulation, vide Circulars

dated September 22, 2022 and October 13, 2022.

Board meeting wise attendance

18-05-2022

15-06-2022

03-08-2022

07-10-2022

10-10-2022

09-11-2022

21-12-2022

09-02-2023

Average

90%

80%

100%

100%

80%

78%

89%

88%

88%

Thus, the average attendance at Board meetings was nearly 90% with minimum attendance criteria being 80%.

Board Selection Process

Board Members are elected individually by the following process: -

The screening and

selection process has been

delegated by the Board,

to the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee,

which comprises of

independent directors.

On the basis of parameters

defined in the Nomination

and Remuneration

Policy of the Company,

the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee

recommends eligible

candidates to the Board.

The Board appoints

director subject to

approval of Members

which is obtained within

three months or at the

next general meeting,

whichever is earlier.

The proposal is placed

before Members for

seeking their approval.

LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023

210:

Managing Director. Mr. R. V. Satam, Company Secretary, acts as

Secretary of the Committee. Consequent upon Dr. Kamal K. Sharma, Vice Chairman and Ms. Christine Mundkur,

Independent Director stepping-down from the Board, they ceased to be members of the Audit Committee effective

October 14, 2022 and January 1, 2023, respectively.

The composition of the Committee is as prescribed under Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18(1) of the Listing

Regulations. In compliance with Regulation 18(1)(c) of the Listing Regulations, all members of the Committee

have the ability to read and understand financial statements and have accounting or related financial management

expertise. The Audit Committee acts as a vital link between the statutory, internal, cost auditors, management and

the Board. It is entrusted with the responsibility of monitoring internal financial controls and financial reporting

process, adequacy of provisions for liabilities, evaluating appropriateness of audit test checks and reviewing

the governance systems. Dr. Kumar-Sinha attended the 40th AGM held on August 3, 2022. Meetings of the Audit

Committee are regularly attended by statutory auditors, internal auditor and senior executives from finance.

Internal auditor makes presentations on audit findings at the meetings of the Committee. The cost auditor attends

the Audit Committee meeting at which the cost audit report is considered.

The Audit Committee performs functions enumerated in Section 177(4) of the Act and Regulation 18(3) of the

Listing Regulations. Matters deliberated upon and reviewed by the Committee include: -

1) Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure

that the financial statements are correct, sufficient and credible.

2) Recommending to the Board, the appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of auditors.

3) Approving payments to Statutory Auditors for any other additional services rendered by them except those

enumerated under Section 144 of the Act.

Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

211:

Managing Director and Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha, Independent Director.

Mr. R. V. Satam, Company Secretary, acts as Secretary of the SRC. The SRC reviews and evaluates

facets of operations pertaining to investors services including activities related to the Investor Education

& Protection Fund. Mr. Anand attended the 40th AGM held on August 3, 2022.

In compliance with Regulation 20(4) read with Part D of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, the

Committee deliberates and reviews matters related to: -

1) Resolving grievances of shareholders including complaints related to transfer/transmission of shares,

non-receipt of annual report/dividend, issue of duplicate certificates, demat/remat of shares, annual

general meetings, etc.

2) Review measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders.

3) Review adherence to the service standards adopted by the Company in respect of services rendered by

the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent.

4) Review various measures and initiatives taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed

dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the

shareholders of the Company.

During the year, the Company received and resolved 22 complaints from shareholders regarding transfer of

shares, non-receipt of annual report/dividend etc. As on March 31, 2023, no complaint remained pending/

unattended. No share transfer/complaint remained pending for more than 15 days.

Details of Committee meetings

During the year, two meetings of the SRC were held on October 13, 2022 and February 9, 2023, the

attendance at which was as under: -

Sl.

No. Name of the Director

No. of Meetings

Held

Attended

a.

Mr. K. B. S. Anand, Chairman

2

2

b.

Mr. Nilesh D. Gupta

2

2

c.

Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha

2

2

[5] Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (‘NRC’) comprises independent directors. While Mr. Jean-Luc

Belingard is the Chairman, Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha and Mr. Mark D. McDade are Members. The constitution of

the NRC is in compliance with the provisions of Section 178(1) of the Act and Regulation 19(1) of the Listing

Regulations and also in compliance with Regulation 19(2) of the Listing Regulations, which mandates that the

Chairman of the NRC should be an Independent Director. Consequent to Ms. Christine Mundkur, Independent

Director, stepping-down from the Board, she ceased to be member of the NRC effective January 1, 2023.

Mr. R. V. Satam, Company Secretary, acts as Secretary of the NRC. Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard, Chairman of the

NRC attended the 40th AGM held on August 3, 2022.

Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

213:

Managing Director

38.20

-

11.40

49.60

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan, Executive Director,

Global CFO & CRO and Head – Corporate Affairs

57.35

10.51

9.51

77.37

Notes:

1) Ms. Vinita Gupta is an employee of Lupin Management, Inc., USA (‘LMI’), wholly owned subsidiary of the

Company. She receives remuneration from LMI and does not receive any remuneration from Lupin Limited.

2) Performance-linked incentive depends on corporate performance indicators viz. revenue growth, EBIDTA

margin and earnings per share.

LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023

214:

Managing Director and Mr. K. B. S. Anand,

Independent Director. The composition of CSRC is in compliance with the provisions of Section 135(1) of the

Act. Consequent to Dr. Kamal K. Sharma, Vice Chairman, stepping-down from the Board, he ceased to be

member of the CSRC effective October 14, 2022.

Role of the CSRC: -

 formulate and recommend to the Board, a CSR policy covering activities to be undertaken by the

Company in areas/subjects specified in Schedule VII of the Act;

 recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on CSR activities;

 monitor the CSR policy of the Company; and

 formulate and recommend to the Board, an annual action plan in pursuance of the CSR policy, which shall

include items mentioned in Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014.

Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

215:

Managing Director

(DIN: 01734642)

Mumbai, May 9, 2023

Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

227:

Managing Director and Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan, Executive Director, Global CFO &

CRO and Head – Corporate Affairs, do hereby certify to the Board that: -

(a) We have reviewed the Financial Statements and the Cash Flow Statement for the year ended March 31, 2023

and that to the best of our knowledge and belief: -

(i) the said statements do not contain any materially untrue statements or omit any material fact, or

contain statements that might be misleading; and

(ii) the said statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in

compliance with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

(b) There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during

the year which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

(c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and

that we have evaluated the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company pertaining

to financial reporting and have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the

design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken

or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

(d) We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee: -

(i) significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year, if any;

(ii) significant changes in accounting policies during the year, if any, and that the same have been

disclosed in the notes to the financial statements; and

(iii) instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of

the management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system

over financial reporting.

For LUPIN LIMITED

For LUPIN LIMITED

Nilesh D. Gupta

Ramesh Swaminathan: Managing

letter dated 15 September 2021

with addendum to our Engagement: letter dated 9 May 2023.

2. This report contains details of compliance of conditions of corporate governance by Lupin Limited (‘the

Company’) for the year ended 31 March 2023, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of

regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time

(“Listing Regulations”) pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the Company with Stock Exchanges.

Management’s Responsibilities

3. The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under the listing regulations

is the responsibility of the Company’s Management including the preparation and maintenance of

all the relevant records and documents. This responsibility includes the design, implementation and

maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of

Corporate Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4. Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for

ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an

expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5. Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable

assurance whether the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as

stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year ended 31 March 2023.

6. We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance compliance by the Company in

accordance with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and

Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance both issued by the Institute of the Chartered

Accountants of India (the “ICAI”), in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate. The Guidance

Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1,

Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other

Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8. In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we

certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the

above-mentioned Listing Regulations.

9. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the

efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on use

10. The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the Company solely for the purpose of

enabling the Company to comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not be used

by any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or

any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate is shown or into

whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

Venkataramanan Vishwanath

Partner

Membership No: 113156

Mumbai, May 9, 2023

UDIN: 23113156BGYUJF1526

Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 229

Letter status (WL) by FY25

Recalls

• Maintain zero class I recalls

Data Integrity

• No data integrity-related observations in any regulatory audits.

Quality Audits

• Lupin’s India sites undergo annual audits, while supplier sites are audited every three years

and during vendor qualification.

CGMP Training

• Ensure 100% completion of mandatory training to.

5. Patient Centricity

Diagnosis

• By 2030, assist in the diagnosis of lung disease using fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FENO)

and Spirometry tests for more than 1 million patients.

• Target the diagnosis of breast cancer in 1,400 women in FY24.

Rehabilitation

• “Lungs on Care” campaign: Provide in-clinic services for Interstitial Lung Diseases (ILD)

rehabilitation in 300 clinics by 2030.

• Atharv Ability, our neuro rehabilitation center is targeting an outreach to 10,000 patients in FY24.

Full care

• Lyfe provides post-ACSz (acute coronary syndrome) patient care, aiming to reach 25,000

patients in FY24.

Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 239:

Managing Director

(DIN: 01734642)

Mumbai, May 9, 2023

Leadership Indicators

1. Channels/platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web

link, if available).

The required information is available on our website at the following link: https://www.lupin.com/our-products/

product-finder/

Lupin has a website that provides all the necessary information on the company. For further information, visit the

link, https://www.lupin.com/about-us5

2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.

Our products leaflet provides the requisite information on the safe and responsible use of the product or medicine.

We also conduct promotional and non-promotional meetings wherein we create awareness in Clinical Pharmacies

on responsible usage of our products.

3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services.

We inform regulatory authorities before discontinuing drugs in the National List of Essential Medicines. If

regulatory authorities ask us to continue any such medicine, we continue manufacturing until we get permission to

discontinue.

4. Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local

laws? (Yes/No/Not Applicable) If yes, provide details in brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard

to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products/services of the entity, significant locations of operation

of the entity or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)

Not applicable, we publish all information required under the law on the product.

5. Provide the following information relating to data breaches:8

a. Number of instances of data breaches along with impact - Zero

b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers

Not applicable

264 LUPIN LIMITED | Integrated Report 2022-2023:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113156

DIN: 00209461

DIN: 00058631

DIN: 01734642

Ramesh Swaminathan

R. V. Satam

Executive Director, Global CFO &

CRO and Head – Corporate Affairs

DIN: 01833346

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 09, 2023:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113156

DIN: 00209461

DIN: 00058631

DIN: 01734642

Ramesh Swaminathan

R. V. Satam

Executive Director, Global CFO &

CRO and Head – Corporate Affairs

DIN: 01833346

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 09, 2023:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113156

DIN: 00209461

DIN: 00058631

DIN: 01734642

Ramesh Swaminathan

R. V. Satam

Executive Director, Global CFO & CRO and

Head – Corporate Affairs

DIN: 01833346

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 09, 2023:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113156

DIN: 00209461

DIN: 00058631

DIN: 01734642

Ramesh Swaminathan

R. V. Satam

Executive Director, Global CFO &

CRO and Head – Corporate Affairs

DIN: 01833346

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 09, 2023:

Managing Director

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan

Executive Director, Global CFO & CRO and Head – Corporate Affairs

Mr. R.V. Satam

Company Secretary

Non-Executive Directors

Mrs. Manju D. Gupta

Chairman

Dr. Kamal K. Sharma (upto 13.10.2022)

Vice Chairman

Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard

Ms. Christine Ann Mundkur (upto 31.12.2022)

Mr. K. B. S. Anand

Dr. Punita Kumar Sinha

Mr. Robert Funsten (w.e.f. 10.11.2020 upto 09.05.2021)

Mr. Mark D. McDade

Category IV: Other related parties (Person/Entity with whom the Company had transactions during the year):

Ms. Kavita Gupta (Daughter of Chairman)

Dr. Anuja Gupta (Daughter of Chairman)

Dr. Richa Gupta (Daughter of Chairman)

Ms. Shefali Nath Gupta (Wife of: Managing

Managing Director

Membership No. 113156

DIN: 00209461

DIN: 00058631

DIN: 01734642

Ramesh Swaminathan

R. V. Satam

Executive Director, Global CFO &

CRO and Head – Corporate Affairs

DIN: 01833346

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 09, 2023

(D) The Group has complied with number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of Section 2 of the Act

read with the Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.

(E) The Group does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending

against the Group for holding any Benami property.

(F) No funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium

or any other sources or kind of funds), other than in the ordinary course of business by the Company

to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”) with the

understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall lend or invest

in party identified by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries). The Company has not

received any fund from any party(s) (Funding Party) with the understanding that the Company shall

whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified by or on behalf of the

Company or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113156

DIN: 00209461

DIN: 00058631

DIN: 01734642

Ramesh Swaminathan

R. V. Satam

Executive Director, Global CFO

& CRO and Head – Corporate Affairs

DIN: 01833346

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 09, 2023

(` in million)

Note

As at

31.03.2023

As at

31.03.2022

ASSETS

Non-Current Assets

a. Property, Plant and Equipment

2

34,613.5

33,757.6

b. Capital Work-in-Progress

3

7,379.9

7,737.4

c. Goodwill

48

158.6

-

d. Other Intangible Assets

4

3,282.5

726.3

e. Right-of-use Assets

5

2,164.7

2,417.9

f.

Intangible Assets Under Development

6

1,886.0

1,737.0

g. Financial Assets

(i) Non-Current Investments

- In Subsidiaries

7

94,919.6

86,464.6

- In Others

7

426.0

422.3

(ii) Non-Current Loans

8

40.4

2.1

(iii) Other Non-Current Financial Assets

9

900.6

730.1

h. Non-Current Tax Assets (Net)

3,766.1

3,659.9

i.

Other Non-Current Assets

10

1,589.6

1,100.3

151,127.5

138,755.5

Current Assets

a. Inventories

11

30,194.7

31,771.4

b. Financial Assets

(i) Current Investments

12

4,397.7

8,224.0

(ii) Trade Receivables

13

26,744.2

27,220.1

(iii) Cash and Cash Equivalents

14

856.6

591.0

(iv) Other Bank Balances

15

153.1

54.6

(v) Current Loans

16

20.6

22.7

(vi) Other Current Financial Assets

17

3,693.1

5,985.2

c. Other Current Assets

18

9,649.2

10,509.2

75,709.2

84,378.2

TOTAL

226,836.7

223,133.7

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity

a. Equity Share Capital

19

910.0

909.0

b. Other Equity

183,208.6

180,592.9

184,118.6

181,501.9

Liabilities

Non-Current Liabilities

a. Financial Liabilities

(i) Lease Liabilities

41

651.0

1,002.8

(ii) Other Non-Current Financial Liabilities

20

284.1

61.8

b. Non-Current Provisions

21

3,163.3

3,062.9

c. Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)

44

1,850.2

1,867.5

d. Other Non-Current Liabilities

22

491.0

257.7

6,439.6

6,252.7

Current Liabilities

a. Financial Liabilities

(i) Current Borrowings

23

6,134.6

7,904.7

(ii) Lease Liabilities

41

699.5

601.0

(iii) Trade Payables

24

- Total outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises

736.5

847.9

- Total outstanding dues of other than Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises

14,926.4

12,667.4

(iv) Other Current Financial Liabilities

25

2,575.9

2,484.0

b. Other Current Liabilities

26

3,085.2

2,871.6

c. Current Provisions

27

4,886.1

4,568.4

d. Current Tax Liabilities (Net)

3,234.3

3,434.1

36,278.5

35,379.1

TOTAL

226,836.7

223,133.7

See accompanying notes forming part of the standalone financial statements:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113156

DIN: 00209461

DIN: 00058631

DIN: 01734642

Ramesh Swaminathan

R. V. Satam

Executive Director, Global CFO &

CRO and Head – Corporate Affairs

DIN: 01833346

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 09, 2023

Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2023

(` in million)

Note

For the Current

Year ended

31.03.2023

For the Previous

Year ended

31.03.2022

INCOME:

Revenue from Operations

28

112,588.3

117,716.7

Other Income

29

912.6

1,504.2

Total Income

113,500.9

119,220.9

EXPENSES:

Cost of Materials Consumed

30

31,512.0

28,169.0

Purchases of Stock-in-Trade

15,257.0

18,927.4

Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods,

31

1,207.9

(2,423.8)

Work-in-Progress and Stock-in-Trade [(Increase)/Decrease]

Employee Benefits Expense

32

19,341.4

19,181.6

Finance Costs

33

984.4

734.7

Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment Expense

2,4 & 5

5,483.4

5,141.9

Other Expenses

34

35,631.0

32,987.3

Net (gain)/loss on Foreign Currency Transactions

(1,187.6)

(665.7)

Business compensation expense

47

-

18,783.8

Total Expenses

108,229.5

120,836.2

Profit/(Loss) before Tax

5,271.4

(1,615.3)

Tax Expense

44

- Current Tax (Net)

958.9

578.0

- Deferred Tax (Net)

60.4

(306.3)

Total Tax Expense

1,019.3

271.7

Profit/(Loss) for the year

4,252.1

(1,887.0)

Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)

(A) (i) Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

- Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Liability

(21.4)

37.2

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to

profit or loss:

44

7.5

(13.0)

(B) (i) Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

- The effective portion of gain & losses on hedging

instruments in a cash flow hedge

(295.5)

(26.3)

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to

profit or loss

44

70.2

12.4

Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the year, net of tax

(239.2)

10.3

Total Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the year

4,012.9

(1,876.7)

Earnings per equity share (in `)

40

Basic

9.35

(4.16)

Diluted

9.31

(4.16)

Face Value of Equity Share (in `)

2.00

2.00

See accompanying notes forming part of the standalone financial statements:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113156

DIN: 00209461

DIN: 00058631

DIN: 01734642

Ramesh Swaminathan

R. V. Satam

Executive Director, Global CFO &

CRO and Head – Corporate Affairs

DIN: 01833346

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 09, 2023:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113156

DIN: 00209461

DIN: 00058631

DIN: 01734642

Ramesh Swaminathan

R. V. Satam

Executive Director, Global CFO &

CRO and Head – Corporate Affairs

DIN: 01833346

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 09, 2023

For the Current

Year ended

31.03.2023

For the Previous

Year ended

31.03.2022

C. Cash Flow from Financing Activities

Proceeds from/(Repayment of) Non Current Borrowings

-

(1.5)

Proceeds from/(Repayment of) Current Borrowings (net)

(1,770.1)

4,915.2

Proceeds from issue of equity shares (ESOPs) and Share application money

1.0

1.6

Securities Premium Received (ESOPs)

18.4

159.2

Payment of Lease liabilities (net off interest)

(680.6)

(592.9)

Finance Costs

(726.3)

(506.2)

Dividend paid

(1,825.0)

(2,950.9)

Net Cash Flow generated from/(used in) Financing Activities

(4,982.6)

1,024.5

Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents

265.6

(1,183.1)

Cash and Cash Equivalents as at the beginning of the year

591.0

1,774.1

Cash and Cash Equivalents as at end of the year

856.6

591.0

Reconciliation of Cash and Cash Equivalents with the Balance Sheet

Cash and Cash Equivalents as per Balance Sheet [Refer note 14]

856.6

591.0

Unrealised loss/(gain) on foreign currency Cash and Cash Equivalents

-

-

Bank Overdraft

-

-

Cash and Cash Equivalents as at the end of the year

856.6

591.0

(` in million)

Notes :

1.

The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the ‘Indirect Method’ as set out in the Indian Accounting

Standard 7 (Ind AS -7) “Statement of Cash Flow”.

2.

Cash and cash equivalents comprises cash on hand, cash at bank and short term deposits with an original maturity

of three months or less, that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and subject to insignificant risk of

changes in value.

For the purpose of the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term deposits,

as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts as they are considered an integral part of the Company’s cash

management.

3.

Refer note 57 for Non Cash Changes in Cash Flows from Financing Activities.:

Managing Director

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan

Executive Director, Global CFO & CRO and Head – Corporate Affairs

Mr. R.V. Satam

Company Secretary

Non-Executive Directors

Mrs. Manju D. Gupta

Chairman

Dr. Kamal K. Sharma (upto 13.10.2022)

Vice Chairman

Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard

Ms. Christine Ann Mundkur (upto 31.12.2022)

Mr. K. B. S. Anand

Dr. Punita Kumar Sinha

Mr. Robert Funsten (w.e.f. 10.11.2020 upto 09.05.2021)

Mr. Mark D. McDade:

Managing Director)

Miss Veda Nilesh Gupta (Daughter of: Managing

Managing Director

Membership No. 113156

DIN: 00209461

DIN: 00058631

DIN: 01734642

Ramesh Swaminathan

R. V. Satam

Executive Director, Global CFO &

CRO and Head – Corporate Affairs

DIN: 01833346

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 09, 2023:

