Chairman's Message

20

Board of Directors

Torrent Pharma has achieved

substantial growth in the branded

generics market, with notable

success observed in India and Brazil

as the leading markets, followed by

the rest of the world (RoW).

Accelerating Growth through

Branded Generics

24

Torrent Pharma's ESG roadmap

focuses on sustainable practices,

responsible resource management,

and creating shared value for all

stakeholders to shape a better future.

Contributing Sustainably

for a Better Future

28

The year 2022-23 was a key

milestone for Torrent Pharma, as it

pursued acquisitions to accelerate

growth and further strengthen its

market position in select segments.

Expanding Horizons through

Inorganic Opportunities

22

Stories of Progress

in 2022-23

C/

About Torrent Pharma

Torrent Pharmaceuticals Limited

(‘Torrent Pharma’ or ‘the Company’),

the flagship Company of Torrent

Group, is one of the leading

pharmaceutical companies. Besides

its significant presence in India

across therapeutic segments, the

Company has a global presence

across more than 40 countries,

serviced through its 7 manufacturing

units located across India.

Market Capitalisation

C 566 billion ($6.88 billion)

(as on 31st March, 2023)

Scrip Codes

BSE

500420

NSE

TORNTPHARM

GRI

353

356

Glossary

358

Notice

374

Corporate Information:

Chairman's Message: Dear Stakeholders,

I am proud to present Torrent Pharma’s

50th Annual Report and 3rd Integrated

Annual Report, illustrating our sustained

efforts to deliver consistent value to our

stakeholders over the past five decades.

Despite the significant global challenges

experienced in the past year, such as

the Russia-Ukraine crises that exerted

considerable cost pressures on the

pharmaceutical industry, I am delighted

to announce that the Company has

achieved consistent growth across all

major markets and growth indicators.

The global macroeconomic scenario has

been challenging over the past two years

due to the pandemic-induced contraction

of the global output, which was further

aggravated by the onset of the

Russia-Ukraine war, creating an

unprecedented humanitarian crisis and

contributing to already-growing inflation

across the world. Central banks have

responded with synchronised policy rate

hikes to curb inflation. Major economies,

particularly in the South Asian region,

faced economic stress due to a

combination of weaker currencies, higher

import prices, rising costs of living, and

a stronger dollar, making debt servicing

more expensive.

However, India has emerged as one

of the most rapidly expanding major

economies, demonstrating resilience

and a robust recovery. The Indian

economy has successfully rebounded

in 2021-22, surpassing many other

nations and positioning itself to return

to its pre-pandemic growth trajectory in

2022-23. India has also grappled with the

challenge of high inflation exacerbated

by the European turmoil. However, global

agencies consistently project India as

the fastest-growing major economy, with

growth rates estimated at 6.5-7.0% in

2022-23.

A year of Growth and

Resilience

Amid a challenging environment,

we delivered strong performance in

2022-23 with a Y-o-Y revenue growth

of 13%. The growth was driven by the

momentum of our new launches, the

robust performance of top brands, and

the strong contribution from the acquired

portfolio. Our operating profitability has

also improved by ~7% over the last five

years due to our strong product portfolio,

cost optimisation. Despite continued

pricing pressure in the US and a sluggish

German market, we remain optimistic

about the future and our ability to drive

sustainable growth.

Our India business has continued to

grow, backed by our new launches,

growth of top brands, increased field

force productivity, and the acquired

portfolio of Curatio Health Care (I)

Private Limited ('Curatio'). The Brazil

business witnessed a Y-o-Y growth

of 26%, outperforming the industry

growth, contributed largely by expanding

CNS franchise and generics business.

The rest of the world (RoW) markets

continued their growth trajectory in

double-digits. Germany's business

witnessed sequential growth recovery

from the second half of the year, backed

by new tender wins and growth in

non-tender segments.

Expanding Our Footprints

Towards Sustainable

Growth

To further strengthen our position, we are

focusing on three key areas: capitalising

on high-growth inorganic opportunities,

accelerating our branded generics

business, and remaining committed to

our ESG priorities.

In 2022-23, we continued to pursue

acquisitions to accelerate growth and

further strengthen our market position.

Our acquisition of Curatio, the niche

player in Cosmetic Dermatology, marked

a key milestone in our growth journey.

We are excited to leverage Curatio's

equity to expand our presence through

concept selling and cosmetology-driven

portfolios, in sync with Torrent Pharma's

derma portfolio.

Moreover, we have also acquired four

brands from Dr. Reddy's Laboratories,

enabling us to expand our product portfolio

and enter the fields of Gynaecology

and Urology. We have partnered with

Boehringer Ingelheim India Pvt. Ltd. to

co-market three novel medications in India,

strengthening our overall Diabetes and

Cardiovascular portfolios.

We achieved significant growth in our

branded generics business in 2022-23,

with India and Brazil leading the way,

followed by the RoW. Our growth is

driven by a focused approach to product

launches, consistent outperformance of

market growth, building big brands, and

improving in-clinic effectiveness.

During the year, we accelerated product

launches in India, Brazil, and RoW

markets, with most of these launches

delivering high growth and becoming

leading brands in their respective markets.

In Brazil, we established a strong foothold

by launching six products in the CNS,

diabetic, and cardio segments. Among

these products, Desvenlafaxine was the

biggest successes, with market share in

prescription rising to 9% in just 10 months.

Implementing Our ESG

Roadmap

Torrent Pharma is committed to

sustainability and responsible practices.

We have set ambitious targets for

reducing our greenhouse gas emissions

and are constantly exploring new ways

to reduce the impact of our operations

on the environment. Towards this, we

have been continuously diversifying

our energy mix with cleaner fuels and

renewable sources. We will also be

identifying interventions to reduce our

dependency on grid electricity. As a part

of the ESG roadmap, we have invested

in Hybrid Solar-Wind project to meet our

captive power requirement and to reduce

our carbon footprints significantly.

In addition to energy management

and emission control, we also aim

to conserve water through rainwater

harvesting and reducing freshwater

withdrawal through responsible

consumption and various other initiatives.

Further, we have prioritised achieving

100% non-hazardous recycling and zero

waste to landfill sites.

Caring for the Community

Driven by our CSR philosophy of “Think

of others when you think about yourself”,

we are committed to positively impacting

people's lives through a range of

projects. Our CSR initiatives are focused

on three thrust areas, i.e., healthcare and

hygiene, education, and social welfare.

As part of our community healthcare and

hygiene initiatives, we have established

a dedicated hospital for children and

adults where we provide free critical

care services. We also organise various

outreach programmes to address

malnourishment and anaemia in children

and promote awareness of women's

health and sanitation.

Beyond healthcare, we are deeply

invested in social development and

education. Our employees actively

participate in our social welfare

programmes, which reflects our core

values and commitment to caring for the

community. From the very beginning, our

CSR initiatives have been centred around

improving the lives of people, and we

remain steadfast in our efforts to create

a positive impact on society.

Road Ahead

Moving forward, our strategic priority

would be to consolidate and strengthen

our position in branded generic markets

while continuing to focus on integration

of Curatio portfolio. For generic markets,

our priority would be to continue to

optimise our cost competitiveness

and fortify the R&D pipeline through

incremental filings and launches.

Incremental cash generation shall be

allocated toward de-leveraging of the

balance sheet over the near to medium

term. In addition, our investment in digital

technology and implementation of our

ESG roadmap shall further reflect our

position as responsible corporate citizen.

On behalf of the Board of Directors,

I would like to extend my gratitude to our

employees and stakeholders for their

trust and support, and we look forward

to deepening these relationships as we

work together to create value for all.

Regards,

SAMIR MEHTA

Executive

letter along with necessary documents, reports and internal policies to enable them to familiarise with the

Company’s procedures and practices. The Company endeavours, through presentations at regular intervals, to familiarise the

Independent Directors with the strategy, operations and functioning of the Company and also with changes in the regulatory

environment having a significant impact on the operations of the Company and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole. Site visits

to various plant locations and CSR sites get organized for the Directors to enable them to understand the operations of and CSR

activities carried out by the Company. The Independent Directors also meet with senior management team of the Company in

formal / informal gatherings.

The details of such familiarisation programs for Independent Directors are posted on the website of the Company and can be

accessed at https://www.torrentpharma.com/pdf/cms/Familiarization_Programme_2022-23.pdf

(f) Board Evaluation

The Evaluation of Board, its Committees, Individual Directors (Independent and Non Independent Directors) and Chairperson

was carried out as per the process and criteria laid down by the Board of Directors based on the recommendation of the NRC:

• Chairperson of meeting of Independent Directors briefed the Board that the Independent Directors have carried out the

performance evaluation of the Board as a whole, its committees, the Non Independent Directors, Chairman and flow of

information between the management and the Board.

• The evaluation of Chairperson was co-ordinated by the Chairperson of the Independent Directors meeting.

• Pursuant to above, the Board expressed the satisfaction on the functioning of the Board, the Committees and performance

of Individual Directors.

• The Independent Directors met on 25th January, 2023 with respect to the above process.

(g) Key Managerial Personnel

Chintan Trivedi was appointed as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company being Whole-time Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company with effect from 1st August, 2022 in place of Mahesh Agrawal, who has attained the age

of superannuation and was retired from the services with effect from close of working hours of 31st July, 2022.

Except as mentioned above and other than the directors as already captured in this report, there has been no change in the key

managerial personnel of the Company during the year under review.

(h) Directors’ Responsibility Statement

In terms of Section 134(3)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, in relation to financial statements of the Company for the year ended

31st March, 2023, the Board of Directors state that:

i.

the applicable Accounting Standards have been followed in preparation of the financial statements and there are no material

departures from the said standards;

113

112

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Expanding Horizons | Deepening Trust

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors,

Independent Directors and other non-executive Directors) and other employees (under senior management cadre and

management cadre). The Policy has been formulated with the following key objectives:

• To ensure that employee remuneration is in alignment with business strategy & objectives, organisation values and long-term

interests of the organisation.

• To ensure objectivity, fairness and transparency in determination of employees’ remuneration.

• To ensure the level and composition of remuneration are reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate a high

performance workforce and are in compliance with all applicable laws.

It covers various heads of remuneration including benefits for Directors and employees. It also covers the process followed with

respect to annual performance reviews and variables considered for revision in the remuneration. The said Policy is available

on the website of the Company www.torrentpharma.com.

(b) Criteria for Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors (NEDs):

1.

The payment of commission to the Directors of the Company who are neither in the whole time employment nor Managing

Director(s) (NEDs) is approved by the shareholders of the Company and is subject to the condition that total commission

paid to the NEDs shall not exceed the percentage limits of the net profit of the Company as specified in the Companies

Act, 2013 (presently 1% of the net profit), calculated in accordance with Section 197 read with Section 198 and any other

applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.

Further, as per the Regulation 17(6)(ca) of the Listing Regulations, approval of the shareholders by special resolution shall

be required every year, in which the annual remuneration payable to a single NED exceeds fifty per cent of the total annual

remuneration payable to all NEDs, giving details of the remuneration thereof.

2.

The Board or its Committee specifically authorised for this purpose, determines the manner and extent upto which the

commission is paid to the NEDs within the limit as approved by the shareholders. The commission is determined based

on the participation of the Directors in the meetings of Board and / or Committees thereof, as well as on industry practice,

performance of the Company and contribution by the Directors, etc.

3.

Payment of Commission is made annually on determination of profit.

4.

Sitting fees of I 1 lakh is paid to Independent Directors for each meeting of the Board or any Committee thereof attended

by them.

5.

Independent Directors are reimbursed for all the expenses incurred for attending any meeting of the Board or Committees

thereof and which may arise from performance of any special assignments given by the Board.

(c) Remuneration to Managerial Personnel

The details of remuneration paid to the Managerial Personnel forms part of the Corporate Governance Report.

(d) Particulars of Employees and related disclosures

In terms of the provisions of Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, disclosures pertaining to remuneration and other details are provided in

the Annexure C to this Report.

AUDITORS

(a) Statutory Auditors

As per Section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the members of the

Company in Forty Ninth AGM of the Company approved the re-appointment of B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm

Registration No. 101248W/W-100022) as Statutory Auditors of the Company for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years from the

conclusion of Forty Ninth AGM until the conclusion of the Fifty Forth AGM to be held with respect to the financial year 2026-27.

(b) Cost Auditors

In terms of the Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, the Company

has prepared and maintained the cost accounts and records for the year 2022-23.

The Company has appointed M/s. Kirit Mehta & Co., Cost Accountants, Mumbai (Firm Registration No. 000353) as the Cost

Auditors of the Company for audit of cost accounting records of its activities (Formulation & Bulk Drugs activities) for the financial

year ended 31st March, 2023. The Cost Audit Report to the Central Government for the financial year ended 31st March, 2022 was

filed on 24th August, 2022, within the statutory timeline. Further, the Board of Directors has appointed M/s. Kirit Mehta & Co. as the

Cost Auditor of the Company for the financial year 2023-24 and fixed their remuneration, subject to ratification by the shareholders

in the ensuing AGM of the Company.

(c) Secretarial Auditor

The Board, pursuant to Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, had appointed M/s. M. C. Gupta & Co., Company Secretaries, as the

Secretarial Auditors of the Company to conduct the Secretarial Audit as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 for the

year 2022-23.

M/s. M. C. Gupta & Co. have carried out the Secretarial Audit accordingly and their report in Form MR-3, is annexed with this

Report as Annexure D. There were no qualification / observations in the report.

During the year 2022-23, the Company has complied with all the applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

As required by Regulation 34 read with Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, a separate Report on Corporate Governance forms

part of the Annual Report. The Report on Corporate Governance also contains certain disclosures required under the Companies

Act, 2013. A certificate from the Statutory Auditors of the Company regarding compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as

stipulated under Clause E of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations forms part of this Report as Annexure E.

ANNUAL RETURN

In terms of Section 92(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 12 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014,

the Annual Return of the Company is available on the website of the Company at the link https://torrentpharma.com/index.php/

investors/annual_return

115

114

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Expanding Horizons | Deepening Trust

Statutory Reports:

Letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure “A” and forms an integral part of this report.

Annexure A

To,

The Members,

Torrent Pharmaceuticals Limited,

Our Report of even date is to be read along with this: Letter;

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial Record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on Secretarial Records based on our Audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial Records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

Secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of the procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

125

124

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Expanding Horizons | Deepening Trust

Statutory Reports

letter dated 21st September, 2022 and addendum to

the engagement: letter dated 4th April, 2023.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Torrent Pharmaceuticals Limited (“the Company”), for

the year ended 31st March, 2023, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D and

E of Schedule V of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

as amended from time to time (“Listing Regulations”) pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the Company with Stock Exchanges.

Management’s Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under the Listing Regulations is the responsibility of the

Company’s Management including the preparation and maintenance of all the relevant records and documents. This responsibility

includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the

conditions of Corporate Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditors’ Responsibility

4.

Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the

conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance whether the Company

has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year ended 31st March, 2023.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance compliance by the Company in accordance with the Guidance

Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance

both issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”), in so far as applicable for the purpose of this

certificate. The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms

that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that the Company has

complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on use

10. The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling the Company to

comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not be used by any other person or for any other purpose.

Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom

this certificate is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

Sadashiv Shetty

Partner

Place: Mumbai

Membership No: 048648

Date: 30th May 2023

UDIN: 23048648BGWANP4336

ANNEXURE F TO THE DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Particulars required under the Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014

A. Conservation of Energy

1.

Steps taken or impact on conservation of energy:

During the year, the Company has met its core objective of reducing its carbon footprint by making efficient use of resources

in its business operations. It has taken following steps for conservation of energy:

• Installation of 2 (two) wind mills of 2.7 MW each and 5 MW AC solar power plant at Kalavad, District Jamnagar, Gujarat.

This will enable the Company to generate green energy equivalent to 2.88 crores KWH per annum. This renewable

energy will contribute 30% of the total electricity consumption at Indrad manufacturing facility, Bileshwarpura project

site and R&D Centre which may result into an annual saving of upto ` 17 crores.

• Set up of Biomass Briquette boiler at Indrad, Dahej & Baddi manufacturing facilities which may result into an annual

saving of upto ` 13 crores.

• Set up of additional Heat pump at Baddi manufacturing facility which has resulted in saving of 3,600 Ton steam per annum.

• Efficiency improvement in HVAC, Chillers, Pumps at Indrad & Baddi manufacturing facilities resulting in saving of 13.50

lakh KWH per annum.

• Power factor maintained near Unity at various manufacturing facilities and R&D Centre resulted curtailment of power

losses and rebate from State electricity boards.

• Replacement of energy efficient equipments (Efficient Fans & LED Lamps) resulted in saving in electricity at R&D Centre.

• Efficiency improvement in operation by rationalising the peak power demand at Vizag & Baddi manufacturing facilities

• Recycling of steam condensate at Baddi manufacturing facility.

• At Sikkim manufacturing facility, alternate power supply of 5 MW taken from other sub-station. This resulted in saving

of approx. 200 KL HSD in DG operations.

2.

Steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate source of energy:

Replacing conventional energy with green energy (renewable) is the need of hour. The Company has been striving to reduce

dependency on conventional source of energy in following manner:

• Apart from inhouse installation of solar power generation plants, the Company has set up an outside renewable energy

generation facility at Kalavad, Jamnagar replacing the conventional carbon foot print generating electricity sources;

• Agrowaste / biofuel, a renewable source of energy reduces the dependency on fossil fuel thereby reducing the carbon

foot print of the Company;

• Installation of Solar rooftops at two of the Company’s manufacturing facilities and one at R&D Centre.

3.

The capital investment on energy conservation equipments:

• Briquette fired boiler at Indrad, Dahej & Baddi manufacturing facilities with an investment of more than I 35 crores.

• Hybrid Power (Solar and Wind) generation for Indrad manufacturing facility, Bileshwarpura Project site and R&D Centre

with investment of I 85 crores.

127

126

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Expanding Horizons | Deepening Trust

Statutory Reports

Managing Director

2. ACC Limited, Independent Director

1 (Chairperson)

2 (Member)

187

186

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Expanding Horizons | Deepening Trust

Statutory Reports:

Chairman's

Message

18-19

2-23 Policy commitments

Business Responsibility and

Sustainability Report

155-156

2-24 Embedding policy commitments

Business Responsibility and

Sustainability Report

155-156

2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations

Business Responsibility and

Sustainability Report

156

2-28 Membership associations

Business Responsibility and

Sustainability Report

181

Stakeholder engagement

2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

38-39

353

352

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Expanding Horizons | Deepening Trust

Financial Statements | GRI Content Index:

letter, determining the form, proportion and manner of the issue,

including the class of investors to whom the Securities are to be allotted, number of Securities to be allotted, issue price, premium

amount on issue / conversion / exercise / redemption, rate of interest, redemption period, fixing record date, listings on one or

more stock exchanges in India or abroad, entering into arrangements for managing, underwriting, marketing, listing and trading,

to issue placement documents and to sign all deeds, documents and writings and to pay any fees, commissions, remuneration,

expenses relating thereto and for other related matters and with power on behalf of the Company to settle all questions, difficulties

or doubts that may arise in regard to such offer(s) or issue(s) or allotment(s) as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem fit.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Securities to be created, issued, allotted and offered in terms of this Resolution shall be subject

to the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and shall be issued in dematerialized form.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Equity Shares so issued shall in all respects rank pari passu with the existing Equity Shares

of the Company and shall be listed with the stock exchanges where the Company’s existing equity shares are listed.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to issue and allot such number of Equity Shares as may

be required to be issued and allotted upon conversion of any Securities or as may be necessary in accordance with the terms

of the offering and all such Equity Shares shall rank pari passu with the existing Equity Shares in all respects.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to appoint merchant bankers, underwriters, depositories,

custodians, registrars, trustees, bankers, lawyers, advisors and all such agencies as may be involved or concerned in the issue

and to remunerate them by way of commission, brokerage, fees or the like (including reimbursement of their actual expenses)

and also to enter into and execute all such arrangements, contracts / agreements, memorandum, documents, etc., with such

agencies, to seek the listing of Securities on one or more recognized stock exchange(s), to affix common seal of the Company

on any arrangements, contracts / agreements, memorandum, documents, etc. as may be required.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above, the Board be and is hereby authorised in consultation

with the merchant banker(s), advisors and / or other intermediaries as may be appointed in relation to the issue of Securities, is

authorised to take all actions and do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary,

desirable or expedient for the issue and allotment of Securities and listing thereof with the stock exchanges or otherwise as may

be required in relation to the issue and to resolve and settle all questions and difficulties that may arise in the issue, offer and

allotment of Securities, including finalization of the number of Securities to be issued in each tranche thereof, form, terms and

timing of the issue of Securities including for each tranche of such issue of Securities, identification of the investors to whom

Securities are to be offered, utilization of the proceeds and other related, incidental or ancillary matters as the Board may deem

fit at its absolute discretion, to make such other applications to concerned statutory or regulatory authorities as may be required in

relation to the issue of Securities and to agree to such conditions or modifications that may be imposed by any relevant authority

or that may otherwise be deemed fit or proper by the Board and to do all acts, deeds, matters and things in connection therewith

and incidental thereto as the Board in its absolute discretion deems fit and to settle any questions, difficulties or doubts that may

arise in relation to any of the aforesaid or otherwise in relation to the issue of Securities.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to delegate (to the extent permitted by law) all or any of

the powers herein conferred to any officer of the Company.”

6.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

ALTERATION OF ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 14 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder (including

any statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof) ("the Act") and subject to other permissions and approvals, if any, as may

be required, the Articles of Association of the Company be and is hereby amended by insertion of new Article 86(c) after Article

86(b) as follows :-

86(c) – Appointment of Nominee Director

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Articles, the Board shall have the power, on receipt of the nomination by the debenture

trustee to appoint a Nominee Director on the Board of the Company in events as specified in SEBI (Debenture Trustees)

Regulations, 1993 as amended from time to time.

Such Nominee Director may not be required to hold any qualification shares.

The Debenture Trustee may have the right to remove such Nominee Director so appointed and also in the case of death or

resignation or vacancy for any reasons whatsoever in the Nominee Director/s so appointed, at any time appoint any other person

as Nominee Director. Such appointment or removal shall be made in writing to the Company.

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board of Directors of the Company

(hereinafter referred to as “Board” which term shall include a Committee thereof authorised for the purpose) be and is hereby

authorised to take all such steps and actions and give such directions as may be in its absolute discretion deemed necessary

and to settle any question that may arise in this regard, without being required to seek any further consent or approval of

the Members or otherwise and that the Members shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the authority

of this resolution.”

7.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

APPOINTMENT OF NIKHIL KHATTAU AS AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 150,152 read with Schedule IV to the Companies Act, 2013

(“the Act”) and any other applicable provisions of the Act and the rules made thereunder and the applicable provisions of

the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any

statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof), Nikhil Khattau (holding DIN 00017880), who qualifies for being appointed

as an Independent Director and in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in writing under section 160 of the Act

from a Member proposing his candidature for the office of Director, be and is hereby appointed as an Independent Director of the

Company, not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years effective from 01st October, 2023.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and are hereby authorized to do and perform all such acts, deeds,

matters and things, as may be considered necessary, desirable or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”

Registered Office:

By Order of the Board of Directors

Torrent House

For Torrent Pharmaceuticals Limited

Off Ashram Road,

Ahmedabad – 380 009, Gujarat, India

(CIN: L24230GJ1972PLC002126)

Phone: + 91 79 26599000

Fax: + 91 79 26582100

Website: www.torrentpharma.com

Chintan M. Trivedi

Email Id: investorservices@torrentpharma.com

Company Secretary

Ahmedabad

20th June, 2023

361

360

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Expanding Horizons | Deepening Trust

Notice:

letter to RTA mentioning the name, Folio no, bank details, self-attested copy of PAN Card and original

cancelled cheque leaf along with Form ISR-1. In case of absence of name of the first shareholder on the original cancelled cheque, bank

attested copy of first page of the bank passbook / statement of accounts in original along with Original cancelled cheque. Format of

the Form ISR-1 and other required details are available on the website of the Company at the link

https://www.torrentpharma.com/index.php/investors/shareHolder

21. Process for those Members whose email ids are not registered with the Depositories or the Company for obtaining login

credentials for e-voting:

• Members holding shares in physical form may request for the same along with providing necessary details like Folio No.,

Name of Member, self attested scan copy of PAN Card and Aadhar Card by email to investorservices@torrentpharma.com

• Members holding shares in demat form may request for the same along with providing Demat account details (CDSL-16 digit

beneficiary ID or NSDL - 8 character DPID + 8 character Client ID), Name of Member, client master or copy of Consolidated

Account statement, self attested scan copy of PAN Card and Aadhar Card by email to investorservices@torrentpharma.com

22. Process for updation of email ids / mobile no of the members whose email ids / mobile no. are not registered with the Company

or Depositories:

• Members holding shares in physical form - Update your email id and mobile no by providing Form ISR-1 and ISR-2 available

on the website of the Company / RTA.

• Members holding shares in demat form – Update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository Participant (DP);

for individual members holding shares in demat form, updation of email id & mobile no. is mandatory for e-voting and joining

virtual meetings through depositories.

23. Since the AGM will be held through VC / OAVM in accordance with the MCA Circulars, the route map, proxy form and attendance

slip are not attached to the Notice.

24. The toll free number regarding any query / assistance for participation in the AGM through VC / OAVM is 1800 22 55 33.

25. Voting process and instruction regarding remote e-voting:

Section A: Voting Process:

Members should follow the following steps to cast their votes electronically:

Login method for e-voting and joining virtual meeting for individual members holding shares in demat form:

i.

Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 9th December, 2020, under Regulation 44 of

the Listing Regulations, Listed Companies are required to provide remote e-voting facility to its members, in respect of all

members’ resolutions.

Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to listed companies in India. This

necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs and passwords by the members.

In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, all the demat account holders have been enabled for e-voting by way

of a single login credential, through their demat accounts / websites of Depositories / Depository Participants. Demat account

holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register again with the ESPs.

ii.

Members are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.

Pursuant to aforesaid SEBI Circular, login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meetings for Individual members holding shares

in Demat mode is given below:

Type of Members

Login Method

Individual Members

holding

securities

in

Demat

mode

with CDSL

1) Users who have opted for CDSL’s Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing user id and

password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication.

The users to login to Easi / Easiest are requested to visit cdsl website www.cdslindia.com and click on

Login icon and select New System Myeasi.

2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible companies

where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option,

the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting the vote during the

remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also

links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers so that the user can visit the e-Voting

service providers’ website directly.

3) If the user is not registered for Easi / Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website

www.cdslindia.com. Click on login & New system Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.

4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number and PAN No.

from the e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com. The system will authenticate the user by sending

OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user

will be able to see the e-voting option where the e-Voting is in progress and will also be able to directly

access the system of all e-voting service providers.

Individual Members

holding

securities

in demat mode with

NSDL

1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services website of NSDL. Open

web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com. Once the home page of e-Services

is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section.

A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful authentication,

you will be able to see e-Voting services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will

be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be

re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or

joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.

2) If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.

nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS“ Portal or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/

IdeasDirectReg.jsp

3) Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.

nsdl.com/. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available

under ‘Shareholder / Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. 8

character DPID followed by 8 character Client ID), Password / OTP and a Verification Code as shown on

the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can

see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be redirected to

e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual

meeting & voting during the meeting.

365

364

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Expanding Horizons | Deepening Trust

Notice:

Letter etc. together with

attested specimen signature of the duly authorised signatories who are authorised to vote, to the scrutinizer at the e-mail id

rpap@csrajeshparekh.in, if they have voted from individual tab and not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for the

scrutinizer to verify the same.

iv.

Members holding multiple folios / demat accounts shall choose the voting process separately for each folio / demat account.

v.

In case you have any queries or issues regarding e-voting, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and e-voting

manual available at www.evotingindia.com, under help section or contact Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, Sr. Manager, CDSL, A Wing,

25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mills Compounds, N. M. Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai – 400013 or write an

email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call Toll free no-1800 22 55 33 during working hours on all working days.

367

366

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Expanding Horizons | Deepening Trust

Notice:

letter of appointment setting out the terms and conditions applicable to ID as applicable to Mr. Khattau is available

on the Company’s website www.torrentpharma.com and will also be available for inspection by the members in the electronic mode

upto the date of AGM and during the AGM.

The resolution contained in Item no. 7 of the accompanying Notice, accordingly, seeks members’ approval for appointment of

Mr. Khattau as an ID on the Board of the Company on the terms and conditions as specified in the draft: letter of appointment.

None of the

