Dear Shareholders,

In

the

Financial

Year

2022-23,

your

Company

demonstrated a strong performance. We recorded one of

our best sales growth and recorded new sales booking of

` 15,058 crore.

India has emerged as a global beacon amidst global

economic uncertainties. With the youngest and highly

educated population in the world, India possesses

immense talent, which has become our biggest asset.

We are steadily moving forward, aligning with our Hon’ble

Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi ji’s vision for India

marching ahead into the next decade. The country is

undergoing a transformative phase, paving the way for it

to become a US$ 5 trillion economy in the coming years.

As the country’s most experienced real estate company,

we are well placed to address India’s urbanization and

real estate needs and be a partner in India’s growth story.

We remain committed to creating a sustainable future.

The housing sector continues to experience strong demand

driven by key factors. The outlook for housing demand

remains positive, with sustained momentum expected

due to factors such as urbanization, improved affordability,

favorable

consumer

sentiments

and

increasing

aspirational needs. The housing sector is witnessing a

trend of consolidation and it is skewed towards the more

organized and credible developers. This trend is primarily

influenced by heightened consumer confidence in these

brands, substantial improvements in their financial

positions and their ability to deliver high-quality, secure

and sustainable ecosystems over the years.

India continues to hold the pole position in the highly

competitive services market, this demand is fueled

by expansion of new global captives, R&D and the

technology sector. This growth trajectory and investment

inflow into the segment is expected to drive the office

segment further. In the retail sector, there has been a

significant rebound with improved footfall and increased

consumption across the portfolio. This resurgence is

primarily supported by the recovery of the luxury segment

and expansion of international brands.

During the fiscal year 2023, our development business

witnessed exceptional new sales bookings, reaching

one of the highest levels in the past decade. The market

response to new products launched by the Company

has been very encouraging. Given the growing demand

and all favorable factors driving it, we are focused and

committed to scaling our business including launching

projects across geographies. Our strategy is to introduce

a diverse range of offerings to meet the evolving needs of

the market.

The offices segment continues to exhibit gradual recovery.

During the fiscal period, occupancy levels improved

across the entire portfolio. There was a growth in the

rentals, mainly from mark to market rentals and rentals

from our new asset DLF Downtown in Gurugram. Our

new IT campus and Data Centre in Noida has received its

occupancy certificate, we are excited about the growth

potential of this region. The retail business witnessed

high occupancy levels and continued its growth trajectory

during the fiscal. The business posted a healthy growth

as compared to previous years. The demand remains

intact and construction of our new retail destinations is

on track. With the new additions we will be doubling our

retail portfolio over the next 4-5 years.

We continue to strengthen our sales, CRM and project

execution teams to deliver the best-in-class experience to our

customers. Our upgraded ERP systems have significantly

enhanced our digital capabilities allowing us to make more

informed decisions through enhanced analytics.

Based on our strong performance, positive cash flow

and our dedication to maximising shareholder value,

the Board has proposed an increased dividend payout,

subject to your approval. Our unwavering focus and

commitment to enhancing shareholder value remain

resolute. Responsible business practices and the creation

of safe and sustainable ecosystems remain at the core

of our operations. We actively cultivate relationships with

the communities we serve and endeavor to enhance

their quality of life through various corporate social

responsibility (CSR) initiatives, job creation and endeavors

to promote social, environmental and economic recovery.

Our efforts in the areas of environmental, social and

governance

(ESG)

initiatives

has

received

global

recognition once again. For the third year in a row, we have

been included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices

under the emerging markets category, making us as the

sole real estate company from our country to attain this

distinction. This reaffirms our strong governance practices

and focused initiatives for the betterment of society.

I am saddened to inform you about the demise of

our long standing Independent Director and noted legal

luminary Mr. Rajiv Krishan Luthra who passed away on

10 May 2023. The Board of Directors at their meeting held

on 12 May 2023 expressed their deep condolences and

took on record the invaluable contribution made by him.

I would like to express my sincere gratitude to my

fellow board members for their continued guidance, our

dedicated employees for their unwavering commitment

and thanks to our customers and residents for their

unwavering support. Although we acknowledge the

existence of macro factors such as inflationary pressures,

geopolitical tensions and rising interest rates, our

Company is strongly positioned not only to weather these

temporary disruptions but also to achieve consistent

and profitable growth. Our robust balance sheet, diverse

range of products and substantial cash flow generation

present us with a unique opportunity to capitalize on the

current upswing in the market.

With best wishes,

Sincerely,

Rajiv Singh

Chairman:

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral

part of this report.

(i)

Secretarial Standards (SS-1 and SS-2) issued by

the Institute of Company Secretaries of India; and

(ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

During the audit period, the Company has complied

with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations,

Guidelines, Standards, etc. as mentioned above.

I further report that the Board of Directors of the

Company is duly constituted with proper balance

of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors

and Independent Directors including the Woman

Director. The changes in the composition of the

Board of Directors that took place during the audit

period were carried out in compliance with the

provisions of the Act.

Adequate notices were given to all directors to

schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed

notes on agenda were sent in advance of the

meetings and a system exists for seeking and

obtaining further information and clarifications

on the agenda items before the meeting and for

meaningful participation at the meeting.

ANNEXURE TO THE SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

To

The Members

DLF Limited

Shopping Mall, 3rd Floor

Arjun Marg, Phase - I, DLF City

Gurugram - 122002, Haryana

My report of even date is to be read along with this: letter:

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on those

secretarial records based on my audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and

processes as were appropriate to obtain

reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The

verification was done on test-check basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in the

secretarial records. I believe that the process

and practices, I followed provide a reasonable

basis for my opinion.

3. I

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of the financial records and

books of accounts of the Company.

4. Wherever required, I have obtained Management

Representation about the compliance of laws,

rules and regulations and happening of events,

etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of the management.

My examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test-check basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an

assurance as to future viability of the Company

nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

Dr. K.R. Chandratre

Pune

FCS No.: 1370, C.P. No.: 5144

12 May 2023

UDIN: F001370E000293981

Peer Review Certificate No.1206/2021

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral

part of this report.

ANNEXURE TO THE SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

The Members

DLF Cyber City Developers Limited

(CIN: U45201HR2006PLC036074)

10th Floor, Gateway Tower, DLF City

Phase III, Gurugram - 122002, Haryana

My report of even date is to be read along with this: letter:

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on my audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and

processes as were appropriate to obtain

reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records.

The verification was done on test-check basis

to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. I believe that the process

and practices, I followed provide a reasonable

basis for my opinion.

3. I

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of financial records and books of

account of the Company.

4. I have obtained Management Representation,

wherever required, about the compliance of laws,

rules and regulations and happening of events,

etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of management.

My examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test-check basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an

assurance as to future viability of the Company

nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

Dr. K.R. Chandratre

Pune

FCS No.: 1370, C.P. No.: 5144

10 May 2023

UDIN: F001370E000283421

Peer Review Certificate No. :1206/2021

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral

part of this report.

ANNEXURE TO THE SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

To

The Members

DLF Assets Limited

(CIN: U45201HR2006PLC096585)

11th Floor, Gateway Tower, DLF City

Phase - III, Gurugram - 122002

My report of even date is to be read along with this: letter:

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on my audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents

of the secretarial records. The verification

was done on test-check basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records.

I believe that the process and practices,

I followed provide a reasonable basis for my

opinion.

3. I

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of financial records and books of

account of the Company.

4. I have obtained Management Representation,

wherever required, about the compliance of laws,

rules and regulations and happening of events,

etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of management.

My examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test-check basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an

assurance as to future viability of the Company

nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

Dr. K.R. Chandratre

Pune

FCS No.: 1370, C.P. No.: 5144

9 May 2023

UDIN: F001370E000277140

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1206/2021

3. DLF POWER & SERVICES LIMITED

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2023

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,

The Members

DLF Power & Services Limited

(CIN: U74110HR2016PLC063747)

10th Floor, Gateway Tower, DLF City

Phase-III, Gurugram – 122002, Haryana

I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance

of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence

to good corporate practices by DLF Power & Services

Limited (hereinafter called “the Company”) which is an

unlisted Company. Secretarial Audit was conducted

in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis

for evaluating the corporate conducts/ statutory

compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.

Based on my verification of the Company’s books,

papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and

other records maintained by the Company and also

the information provided by the Company, its officers

and authorized representatives during the conduct of

Secretarial Audit, I hereby report that in my opinion,

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral

part of this report.

ANNEXURE TO THE SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

To

The Members

DLF Power & Services Limited

(CIN: U74110HR2016PLC063747)

10th Floor, Gateway Tower, DLF City

Phase - III, Gurugram - 122002, Haryana

My report of even date is to be read along with this: letter:

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on my audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents

of the secretarial records. The verification was

done on test-check basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe

that the process and practices, I followed provide

a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3. I

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of financial records and books of

account of the Company.

4. I have obtained Management Representation,

wherever required, about the compliance of laws,

rules and regulations and happening of events, etc.

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral

part of this report.:

letter:

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on those

secretarial records based on my audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents

of the secretarial records. The verification was

done on test-check basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe

that the process and practices, I followed provide

a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3. I

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of financial records and books of

accounts of the Company.

4. Wherever required, I have obtained Management

Representation, about the compliance of laws, rules

and regulations and happening of events, etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of management.

My examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test-check basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an

assurance as to future viability of the Company

nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

Dr. K.R. Chandratre

Pune

FCS No.: 1370, C.P. No.: 5144

11 May 2023

UDIN: F001370E000287546

Peer Review Certificate No. : 1206/2021:

Managing Director (DHDL)

3.

Mr. Ashok Kumar Tyagi

61

PGDM (IIM, Ahemdabad),

B.E. (Mechanical)

38

14-Jul-2008

CEO and Whole-time Director

10,64,08,712/- Genpact

Senior Vice President

Employees

4.

Mr. Vivek Anand

53

B.Com., CA

29

8-Nov-2019

Group CFO (Sr. Executive

Director)

5,03,20,241/- GlaxoSmithKline

Consumer Healthcare

Chief Financial Officer,

Indian Subcontinent

5.

Mr. Vishal Damani

48

MBA (Finance), B.E.

26

4-Jan-2021

Group Executive Director and

CEO - ROI (Business Head

Office)

4,83,41,815/- Indiabulls Real Estate

Joint: Managing Director

6.

Mr. Sanjay Goenka

58

B.Com., CA (Inter), LL.B.

38

1-Nov-1994

Sr. Executive Director

(Finance & Taxation)

4,14,50,696/- Jay Engg. Works Limited

Officer on Special Duty

7.

Mr. Vineet Kanwar

55

B. Tech. - Computers

28

1-Jul-2018

Group Executive Director -

Corporate Affairs

4,12,19,704/- DHDL

Sr. Executive Director

(Business Development)

8.

Mr. Nalin Garg

55

M.A.

31

1-Mar-2019

Sr. Executive Director (HR)

4,04,45,960/- Damac Group, Dubai

Sr. Vice President (People &

Performance)

9.

Mr. Pankaj Sharma

44

B.Com.

24

1-Apr-2016

Sr. Vice President - Sales

3,34,86,141/- DHDL

General Manager (Sales &

Marketing)

10.

Ms. Ambica Ranger

49

B.A. (Economics &

Mathematics)

26

7-Jan-2021

Head – Super Luxury Sales

(Vice President)

2,97,19,086/- Louis Vuitton Retail India

Private Limited

India Retail Manager

11.

Mr. Basavaraddi

Krishnaraddi Malagi

60

BE (Civil Engineering)

36

1-Mar-2022

Sr. Executive Director - BU

Head Office

2,88,65,200/- Experion Developers

Private Limited

Managing Director

41.

Mr. Muhammad Shuaib

Ahmad

41

MBA (Marketing) PGDBM

16

22-May-2018

Deputy General Manager -

Sales

1,05,09,664/- TATA Housing

Deputy General Manager

42.

Mr. Amit Midha

47

BHM

25

17-Apr-2017

Vice President - Operations

89,33,435/- DLF Power & Services

Limited

Vice President - Cluster

Head

43.

Mr. Gubbi Sreekanth

Balaji

59

B.E (Civil) MBA

35

1-09-2022

Executive Director - Projects

87,99,628/- Reliance Industries Limited Sr. Vice President - Head

Projects Real Estate

44.

Mr. Giriraj Tripathi

64

Diploma (Electrical)

43

10-Jun-1996

Sr. Vice President - Design

84,77,389/- Larson & Toubro ECCG

Resident Electrical Engineer

45.

Mr. Manjunatha KT

49

B. Eng (Civil)

M. Eng. (Structures)

27

28-Dec-2020

Vice President - Projects

(Structure Design)

78,17,080/- Halcrow International

Structural Engineering

Professional Career Level

(Lead)

46.

Mr. Naveen Kumar

Sharma

53

B.E., MBA

32

6-Dec-2021

Vice President - Projects

77,49,100/- M3M India

Vice President - Projects

47.

Mr. Vinayak Vilasrao

Bhosale

54

Diploma (Civil)

B.E. (Civil)

20

4-Aug-2022

Sr. Vice President - Projects

69,58,972/- Larsen & Toubro B&F

CMDCO

Project Director

48.

Mr. Sandeep Rao

40

Masters in International

Business

15

21-Mar-2022

Vice President - Marketing

62,01,762/- Carlsberg Singapore

Director - Marketing

49.

Mr. Karan Kumar

47

B.A. (HONS), PGD IN

Business Management

22

9-Dec-2019

Chief Marketing Officer

58,35,832/-- Fab India Overseas Private

Limited

Chief Brand & Marketing

Officer:

letter

of correspondence with a newly on-boarded customer. Further, the Company has implemented a robust

complaint management system, implemented through a digital application. Every customer issue is recorded

in the app for tracking and resolving within a defined resolution timeframe. Customers can also register a

complaint through the app and monitor the status of complaint resolution.

Additionally, customers can also write to the Company through its Customer Support Portal on DLF website:

https://www.dlf.in/customer-Support, wherein each query or complaint is addressed by the CRM team.

2.

Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/ service that carry

information about:

As a percentage to total turnover

Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product

100%

Safe and responsible usage

100%

Recycling and/ or safe disposal

100%

3.

Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:

FY 2022-23

Remarks

FY 2021-22

Remarks

Received

during the

year

Pending

resolution at

end of year

Received

during the

year

Pending

resolution at

end of year

Data privacy

0

0

-

0

0

-

Advertising

0

0

-

0

0

-

Cyber-security

0

0

-

0

0

-

Delivery of

essential services18

904

0

These

included

complaints

related

to

provision

to

essential

services

in

DLF’s

rental

buildings

(provision

of electricity, security,

etc.)

that

were

promptly resolved.

651

0

These

included

complaints related to

provision to essential

services in DLF’s rental

buildings (provision of

electricity,

security,

etc.)

that

were

promptly resolved.

Restrictive Trade

Practices

0

0

-

0

0

-

Unfair Trade

Practices

0

0

-

0

0

-

Other

0

0

-

0

0

-

4.

Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:

Number

Reasons for recall

Voluntary recalls

Not Applicable

Forced recalls

Due to nature of business of DLF, product recalls on account of safety issues is not applicable.

18

By the nature of business of DLF, this field is applicable only to our rental business (leased properties), hence the data has been provided accordingly.:

letter which is

shared with each customer at the time of

handover of residential and commercial

property unit(s). For customers of leased

assets, such guidelines are covered as part

of the lease agreement;

•

For residential and commercial unit(s) sold

by DLF, customers are provided with a

user handbook at the time of possession/

handover of the buildings, which carries

guidelines on safe and responsible usage

of the building, such as fire safety and

security,

electrical

safety,

responsible

use of appliances and installations in the

apartments,

measures

for

preventing

accidents and injuries etc.;

•

For leased properties, FM team generates

awareness

among

customers

through

e-mail communication and information

displayed on the notice board. This includes

guidelines related to consumer safety, for

instance:

•

Fire safety advisory formulated by Fire

Safety Consultants.:

letter of the law. In doing so,

the Company not only adopted practices mandated in

the SEBI Listing Regulations but also incorporated the

relevant non-mandatory compliances, strengthening

its position as a responsible corporate entity.

Governance Structure

The Company implemented a governance structure

with defined roles and responsibilities of every

systemic constituent. The Company’s shareholders

appoint the Board of Directors, who, in turn govern

the Company. The Board has constituted various

Committees to discharge responsibilities effectively.

The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to all

the Committees. The Chairman provides strategic

direction and guidance to the Board. The Chief

Executive Officer(s) and a group of senior executives

are individually empowered for day-to-day operations

with roles and responsibilities assigned by the Board.

The Board

The Board of the Company represents an optimum

mix of professionalism, knowledge and experience,

which enables it to discharge its responsibilities and

provide effective leadership to fulfil its long-term vision

and ensure the highest governance standards. As on

31 March 2023, the Board comprised of 14 Directors.

However, due to sad and sudden demise of Mr. Rajiv

Krishan Luthra, Non-executive Independent Director,

the Board as on the date of this report comprised of

13 Directors – three Executive Directors (23.08%),

ten Non-executive Directors (76.92%) including six

Independent Directors (46.15%) including a woman

Independent Director. The Company will conform to

the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the

SEBI Listing Regulations within the stipulated timelines.

30.77%

23.08%

46.15%

Executive Directors

Independent Directors

Non-executive Non Independent Directors

During the Financial Year (FY) 2022-23, Shareholders

had approved the re-appointment of Mr. Ashok Kumar

Tyagi and Mr. Devinder Singh as Chief Executive

Officer (CEO) and Whole-time Directors, liable to retire

by rotation, for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years

with effect from 1 December 2022.

Further, Shareholders also approved, re-appointment

of Mr. Vivek Mehra as Independent Director, not

liable to retire by rotation, for a second term of

5 (five) consecutive years w.e.f. 13 February 2023;

continuation of Lt. Gen. Aditya Singh (Retd.) as

Non-executive Independent Director, not liable

Corporate Governance

Report:

Managing Director of DLF Home Developers Limited, a

wholly-owned subsidiary. His area of expertise includes

construction and project management, planning for

land and new projects, obtaining approvals, business

management, risk management, etc.

He is a member of the Finance and Risk Management

Committee(s) of the Company.

Ms. Pia Singh (DIN: 00067233), is a graduate

from Wharton School of Business, University of

Pennsylvania, U.S.A., with a degree in Finance. She

has diverse experience of over three decades. She is

currently a Director on the Board and the Chairperson

of the CSR Committee of the Company. Prior to that,

she was the Chairperson of DLF Retail Developers

Limited and Director of DT Cinemas Limited. Ms. Singh

has been a Director on the Board for 20 years. She

began her career in the risk-undertaking department of

GE Capital, an investment division of General Electric.

Her area of expertise includes business management,

strategic planning and implementation.

She serves as a trustee of Ananda Sangha Trust and

the Paramhansa Yogananda Public Charitable Trust.

She is a founder of Yogananda Films.

She is on the Board of Advisors, College of Arts and

Sciences, University of Pennsylvania. She is also the

President of the University of Pennsylvania, Institute

for Advanced Study of India and a member of the

University of Pennsylvania Asia Campaign Leadership

Committee.

She is also on the Board of PI Industries Limited.

Mr. G.S. Talwar (Gurvirendra Singh Talwar) (DIN: 00559460)

also known as Rana Talwar, is one of the Asia’s leading

international bankers.

Mr. Talwar started his career with Citibank in India and

served in Saudi Arabia, Hong Kong, Singapore, Belgium

and the United States. He was responsible for building

Citibank’s retail businesses across Asia Pacific and

the Middle East. He was subsequently responsible for

DLF IT Park, Chandigarh:

letter of appointment, setting-out in detail, the

terms of their appointment, duties, responsibilities

and indicative time commitment. Code of Conduct

of the Company and obligations on disclosures, are

also issued for the acceptance of the Independent

Director(s).

The details of familiarisation programmes for

Independent Directors are posted on the website of

the Company and can be accessed at https://www.dlf.

in/pdf/Familiarisation-Programme.pdf.

Resume of Directors proposed to be re-appointed

The brief resume of Directors proposed to be

re-appointed is a part of the Corporate Governance

Report and other information required in terms of

Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations is

appended in the notice for convening the Annual

General Meeting.

Solar Panels installed at DLF Cybercity, Chennai:

letter of comfort etc.

within the limits specified by the Board;

4.

Borrowing of monies by way of loan and/ or

issuing and allotting Bonds/ Notes denominated in

one or more foreign currency(ies) in international

markets and possible strategic investments

within the limits approved by the Board;

5.

Approve opening and operation of investment

management accounts with foreign banks

and appoint them as agents, establishment of

representative/ sales offices in or outside India

etc.;

6.

Approve contributions to statutory or other

entities,

funds

established

by

Central/

State Government for national importance,

institutions, trusts, bodies corporate and other

entities etc.;

7.

Empowering executives of the Company/

subsidiaries/

associate

companies

for

acquisition of land including bidding and

tenders, sell/ dispose off or transfer any of the

properties and delegation of authorities from

time to time to deal with various statutory,

judicial

authorities,

local

bodies

etc.,

to

implement the decision of the Committee;

8.

Reviewing and make recommendations about

changes to the Charter of the Committee; and

9.

Authorizing sale/ transfer of the Company’s

investments in securities of wholly-owned

subsidiary(ies) and/or subsidiary(ies) to another

subsidiary(ies), subject to approval of the Audit

Committee.

(v) Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(NRC)

Composition, Meetings and Attendance

The NRC comprises three Independent Directors.

Lt. Gen. Aditya Singh (Retd.) is the Chairman of

the Committee. The Company Secretary acts as

Secretary to the Committee. The Committee’s

composition and terms of reference are in

compliance with the provisions of Section 178 of

the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 19 of the

SEBI Listing Regulations.:

Managing Director(s), Whole-time Director(s)

and other Directors, their relatives engaged in the

employment of the Company;

3.

To recommend to the Board the remuneration,

whether

by

way

of

salary,

perquisites,

commission, retainership fee, or otherwise,

payable

to

Directors

for

discharging

the

professional or other services otherwise than in

the capacity of Director;

4.

To frame policies and compensation including

salaries,

incentives,

bonuses,

promotion,

benefits, stock options and performance targets

for executives of the Company;

5.

Formulation of the criteria for determining

qualifications,

positive

attributes

and

independence of a Director and recommend to

the Board a policy, relating to the remuneration

of the Directors, key managerial personnel and

other employees;

6.

The Committee, while formulating the policy,

shall ensure that:

a.

the level and composition of remuneration

is reasonable and sufficient to attract,

retain and motivate Directors of the quality

required to run the Company successfully;:

letter and spirit

and preserving the confidentiality and preventing the

misuse of any unpublished price sensitive information.

The Code is also available on the website of the

Company which can be accessed at https://www.dlf.in/

corporate-governance-policies/Code_for_Prevetion

_of_Insider_Trading_21_december_2020(1).pdf. The

Company has also received annual affirmation from the

Directors regarding adherence to the Code of Conduct.

h) Corporate Policy on Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal of Sexual Harassment of Women at

Workplace

The Company prohibits any form of sexual harassment

and any such incidence is immediately investigated

and appropriate action taken in the matter against

the offending employee(s) based on the nature and

the seriousness of the offence. The Company has in

place, a corporate policy on Prevention, Prohibition

and Redressal of Sexual Harassment of Women

at Workplace (the ‘Policy’) and matters connected

therewith or incidental thereto covering all the aspects

as contained under the Sexual Harassment of Women

at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal):

letter of support in favour of certain joint ventures/ associate companies

for their bank borrowings.

iii) The Company has commitment regarding payments under development agreements with certain

partnership firms amounting to ` 139,215.97 lakhs (31 March 2022: ` 138,776.69 lakhs), where the

Company or its subsidiaries are partner and certain third-party entities with whom development

agreements are in place.

50. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND LITIGATIONS

Contingent liabilities

(` in lakhs)

31 March 2023

31 March 2022

a)

Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts:

Income tax demands/ effects (refer note 1 and 2 below)

447,315.65

433,438.34

Service tax/ GST demands (refer note 3 below)

15,930.94

15,154.04

Sales tax/ VAT demands (refer note 3 below)

2,895.14

3,394.19

Property tax demands (refer note 3 below)

729.37

729.37

Custom duty demands (refer note 3 below)

791.53

791.53

Legal cases [refer note 4, 5, 6, 7 and 9(i)(c)(ii) below]

103,586.59

81,726.34

b)

Guarantees issued by the Company on behalf of:

Subsidiary companies

-

22,867.95

Others (Joint Ventures, KMP Entities and Others)

-

75,910.29

1)

a) The Income Tax Authorities had made disallowances of SEZ profits u/s 80IAB of the Income-tax Act, 1961

during tax assessment of the Company raising demands amounting to ` 109.00 lakhs for the assessment

year 2015-16; ` 1,056.00 lakhs for the assessment year 2014-15; ` 6,834.00 lakhs for the assessment year

2013-14; ` 7,308.99 lakhs for the assessment year 2011-12; ` 7,284.99 lakhs for the assessment year

2010-11; ` 35,523.71 lakhs for the assessment year 2009-10 and ` 48,723.00 lakhs for the assessment

year 2008-09, respectively.:

letter of allotment (RLA) dated 9 February 2010 issued in favour of the Company for 350.715 acres of

land. The Company has paid ` 99,969.26 lakhs to Government towards purchase of this land out of

total consideration of ` 182,437.49 lakhs.

The Hon’ble Punjab and Haryana High Court, vide its final order dated 3 September 2014, while

upholding the acquisition of land has however disapproved the allotment in favour of the Company.

The Hon’ble High Court passed an order to keep the RLA dated 9 February 2010 issued in favour

of the Company in abeyance and further directed the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure

Development Corporation (`HSIIDC’) to initiate fresh allotment process for higher returns in respect

of the land in question with an option to State to revive the RLA in case no better bid is quoted by the

public at large.

The Company has filed a Special Leave Petition before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India challenging

the judgment dated 3 September 2014 passed by the Hon’ble Punjab and Haryana High Court. The

Hon’ble Supreme Court of India issued notice to the respondents and directed status quo to be

maintained by the parties.

Based on the advice of the independent legal counsels and grounds of appeal, the management has

assessed that there is a strong likelihood of succeeding before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India.

Pending the final decisions on the above matter, no adjustment has been made in these standalone

financial statements.

b) The Company has filed a Special Leave Petition (SLP) against the order dated 2 December 2016

passed by the Hon’ble Punjab and Haryana High Court in Writ Petition No.12210 of 2013 challenging

the findings and directions passed by the Hon’ble High Court requiring DLF to allocate additional

land measuring 10.6 Acres for DLF Park Place complex. DLF has taken the ground that after having

rejected the contentions of the association on the claim of extra land based on FAR and PPA norms,

the Hon’ble High Court could not have passed the order for allocation of additional land based on the

representations made in the Brochure. The Company has further raised the ground that Hon’ble High

Court has given a complete go by to the terms and conditions of the binding agreement where it was

specifically provided the area of Park Place as 12.67 acres, granted leave in the Special Leave Petition.

Against the same order, DLF Park Place Residents Welfare Association has also filed an SLP before

the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India on the grounds that the Hon’ble High Court has misinterpreted the

statutory provisions of the applicable law to hold that GH Park Place is not a separate and independent

Company Housing Complex but is part of DLF Phase-V, constructed over 476.42 Acres, having 15

Company Housing Complexes. In accordance with the FAR ratio of 1:1.75, the association was entitled

to additional land of 46.20 Acres on the total constructed area which has not been considered by the

Hon’ble High Court.

The Court after hearing, granted leave in the SLPs. The appeals will be listed for arguments before the

Hon’ble Supreme Court of India in due course.

Based on the advice of the independent legal counsels and grounds of appeal, the management has

assessed that there is a strong likelihood of succeeding before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India.:

letter of allotment (RLA) dated 9 February 2010 issued in favour of the Company for

350.715 acres of land. The Company has paid ` 99,969.26 lakhs to Government towards

purchase of this land out of total consideration of ` 182,437.49 lakhs.

The Hon’ble Punjab & Haryana High Court vide its final order dated 3 September 2014,

while upholding the acquisition of land has however disapproved the allotment in favour of

the Company. The Hon’ble High Court passed an order to keep the RLA dated 9 February

2010 issued in favour of the Company in abeyance and further directed the Haryana State

Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (‘HSIIDC’) to initiate fresh allotment

process for higher returns in respect of the land in question with an option to State to revive

the RLA in case no better bid is quoted by the public at large.

The Company has filed Special Leave Petition before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India

challenging the judgment dated 3 September 2014 passed by the Hon’ble Punjab & Haryana

High Court. The Hon’ble Supreme Court of India issued notice to the Respondents and

directed status quo to be maintained by the parties.

Based on the advice of the independent legal counsels and grounds of appeal, the

management has assessed that there is a strong likelihood of succeeding before the Hon’ble

Supreme Court of India. Pending the final decisions on the above matter, no adjustment has

been made in these consolidated financial statements.

e) During the year, Group has initiated the arbitration proceedings against Haryana Urban

Development Authority (HUDA) in respect to outstanding amount of ` 6,002.90 lakhs

recoverable under a joint development agreement entered with HUDA for construction of

certain roads and underpass in Gurugram, Haryana on 50:50 cost sharing basis.

Based on the advice of the independent legal counsels and grounds of appeal, the

management has assessed that claims by the Group are as per terms of agreement entered

with HUDA and based on merits of the case, there is a strong likelihood of a favorable

outcome for the Group in aforesaid case.

(B) Capital and other commitments

(` in lakhs)

Particulars

31 March 2023

31 March 2022

I

Capital commitments (for property, plant and equipment and investment

properties)

9,831.58

1,276.89

II

The Company has given: letter of support in favour of certain joint ventures/ business associates for loans availed by them.

III

Commitment of ` 3,152.17 lakhs (31 March 2022: ` 2,882.53 lakhs) regarding payments under development

agreements with certain third-party entities with which development agreements are in place.

letter/ power of attorney etc., authorizing their

representatives to attend/ participate in the

AGM through VC/ OAVM on their behalf and

to vote through remote e-voting or e-voting at

the AGM. The said resolution/ authority: letter/

power of attorney, etc. shall be sent to the

Scrutinizer by e-mail through their registered

e-mail address at dlfscrutinizer@gmail.com

or dlfevoting@dlf.in with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

8.

The Company has fixed Friday, 28 July 2023 as

the ‘Record Date’ for determining eligibility for

payment of dividend, if declared at the AGM.

9.

The dividend, if declared at the AGM will be paid,

subject to deduction of tax at source on or before

Saturday, 2 September 2023 to those members

or their mandates: (i) whose names appear as

beneficial owners at the end of the business hours

on Friday, 28 July 2023 in the list of beneficial

owners to be furnished by the depositories

(i.e. NSDL and CDSL) in respect of the shares held

in electronic form; and (ii) whose names appear as

members in the Company’s Register of Members

on Friday, 28 July 2023 after giving effect to valid

transmission or transposition requests in physical

form lodged with the Company or its RTA on or

before Friday, 28 July 2023.

10. Pursuant to the Finance Act, 2020, dividend

income is taxable in the hands of shareholders

w.e.f. 1 April 2020 and the Company is required

to deduct tax at source from the dividend paid to

shareholders at the prescribed rates, for various

categories. The shareholders are requested to

refer to the Finance Act, 2020 and amendments

thereof. The shareholders are requested to update

their Permanent Account Number (PAN) with the

Company/ KFin (in case of shares held in physical

mode) and their respective Depository Participants

(in case of shares held in demat mode).

Resident individual shareholders who are not

liable to pay income tax can submit an yearly

declaration in Form No. 15G/ 15H along with

a self-attested copy of their PAN card, to avail

the benefit of non-deduction of tax at source

by uploading the same on https://ris.kfintech.

com/form15/ by Friday, 28 July 2023 up to

5.00 P.M. (IST). Shareholders are requested to

note that in case their PAN is not registered,

the tax will be deducted at a higher rate of

20%. Further, no tax is required to be deducted,

if aggregate dividend distributed or likely to

be distributed during the Financial Year (FY)

to a resident individual shareholder does not

exceed  5,000/- (Rupees five thousand only).

Non-resident shareholders can avail beneficial

rates under tax treaty between India and their

country of residence, subject to providing

necessary documents i.e. No Permanent

Establishment

and

Beneficial

Ownership

Declaration, Tax Residency Certificate, Form

10F and any other document that may be

required to avail the tax treaty benefits.

The aforesaid declarations and documents

need to be uploaded by the shareholders on

https://ris.kfintech.com/form15/ by Friday,

28 July 2023 up to 5.00 P.M. (IST). Further, tax

will be deducted at the rate prescribed in the

lower tax withholding certificate issued under

Section 197 of the Income-tax Act, 1961, if such

valid certificate is provided. For further details on

various categories and prescribed rates, please

refer to the Company’s website www.dlf.in.

letter which contains

the shareholder’s name, folio number, bank details

(Bank account number, Bank and Branch Name and

address, IFSC and MICR code); (ii) self-attested copy

of the PAN card; and (iii) cancelled cheque leaf.

13. Members holding shares in physical form, in

identical order of names, in more than one folios

are requested to send to the Company or KFin,

the details of such folios together with the share

certificates for consolidating their holdings in

one folio. A consolidated share certificate will be

issued to such members free of cost after making

requisite changes.

14. In case of joint holders, the Member whose name

appears as the first holder in the order of names as

per the Register of Members of the Company will

be entitled to vote at the AGM.

15. In accordance with the provisions of Section 72 of

the Act and SEBI circulars, the facility for nomination

is available for the members of the Company in

respect of the shares held by them. Members

who have not yet registered their nomination are

requested to register the same by submitting

Form No. SH-13. If a Member desires to opt out or

cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh

nomination, he/ she may submit the same in Form

No. ISR-3 or Form No. SH-14, as applicable. The

said forms are available on the Company’s website

at www.dlf.in. Members are requested to submit

the said details to their respective DPs, in case

the shares are held by them in dematerialised

form and to the Company/ RTA, in case the

shares are held by them in physical form.

16. Electronic copy of all the documents referred to

in the Notice and the Statement shall be available

for inspection. Shareholders will be able to

inspect all documents referred to in the Notice

electronically without any fee from the date of

circulation of this Notice up to the date of AGM.

Members seeking inspection of such documents

can send an e-mail to investor-relations@dlf.in.

17. The MCA has taken a ‘Green Initiative in Corporate

Governance’ by allowing companies to send

documents to their members in electronic mode.

To support this green initiative and to receive

communications from the Company in electronic

mode, members who have not registered their

e-mail addresses and are holding shares in

physical form are requested to contact the RTA

and register their e-mail address. Members

holding shares in demat form are requested to

contact their DPs. Members may please note that

notices, annual reports, etc. will be available on the

Company’s website at www.dlf.in. The Company

shall send the physical copy of Annual Report for

FY 2022-23 to those members who request the

same at investor-relations@dlf.in mentioning

their Folio No./ DP ID and Client ID.

18. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial

Personnel and their shareholdings maintained

under Section 170 of the Act, the Register of

Contracts or Arrangements in which the Directors

are interested, maintained under Section 189

of the Act, will be available electronically for

inspection by the members during the AGM.

19. (a) The Company has transferred the unpaid/

unclaimed dividend declared up to the

FY 2015-16 (Interim) to the Investor Education

and Protection Fund (IEPF) Authority established

by the Central Government. Pursuant to

the provisions of Investor Education and

Protection

Fund

Authority

(Accounting,

Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016

(‘IEPF Rules’), the Company has uploaded the

details of unpaid and unclaimed amounts lying

with the Company as on 31 March 2022 on

the website of the Company at https://www.

dlf.in and the same can be accessed through

the link: https://ris.kfintech.com/services/

IEPF/IEPFInfo.aspx?q=3Eo135ACGFU%3d

and also on the website of the MCA at

https://www.iepf.gov.in.:

letter mentioning

their Name, Folio No. and complete

Address; and (b) self-attested scanned

copy of the PAN Card and any other

document (such as bank statement,

voter ID, Aadhaar card, passport etc.) in

support of the address of the Member

as registered with the Company; by

e-mail to investor-relations@dlf.in.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode,

members may obtain the login ID and

password by sending scanned copy of

(a) a signed request: letter mentioning

their name, DP ID-Client ID (16 digit DP

Dear Shareholders,

In order to serve you better and for prompt communication, kindly help us by providing the following details:

A. Communication Registration

Name of the Member(s)

Folio No.

Registered Address

DP Id/ Client Id

E-mail Id

Mobile No.

B.

Dividend Payout - Bank Account Details

Bank Name:

Branch Name & Address:

Account No.:

IFSC:

MICR Code:

C.

Shareholders’ Satisfaction Feedback

(i) How do you rate the services provided by KFin Technologies Limited, the RTA

Parameters#

5

4

3

2

1

Quality of Response

Speed of Response

Accessibility

#

5 - Highest 1 - Lowest

(ii) Your Overall Assessment of Investors’ Services Standards at DLF Limited

Parameters#

5

4

3

2

1

Quality of Service

Customer orientation of person contacted

#

5 - Highest 1 - Lowest:

