Managing Director’s insight

16

Board of Directors

18

Leadership team

20

Creating value for our stakeholders

Value creation process

22

Business model

24

Strategic priorities and progress

26

Sustainability strategy

28

Trends and topics impacting value creation

Operating context

30

Stakeholder engagement

32

Materiality assessment

34

Risk management

38

Capital-wise performance

Financial capital

42

Manufactured capital

48

Intellectual capital

58

Natural capital

64

Social capital

76

Relationship capital

86

Human capital

94

Governance

104

Awards and Recognition

106

Statutory Reports

Management Discussion and Analysis

120

Directors’ Report

134

Corporate Governance Report

154

Financial Statements

Standalone

180

Consolidated

260

Notice

349

Contents

CREATING

VALUE FOR OUR

STAKEHOLDERS

TRENDS AND TOPICS

IMPACTING VALUE

CREATION

Read more Page 22

Read more Page 30

CAPITAL-WISE

PERFORMANCE

Read more Page 42

LISTING

Bombay Stock Exchange (Scrip: 500425)

National Stock Exchange (Scrip: AMBUJACEM)

Market Cap: `74,968 crore (as on December 31, 2021)

Click here for Online Integrated report including the

Notice of Annual General Meeting Secretarial Report and

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

DEAR STAKEHOLDERS,

At the onset, I would like to express

my heartfelt gratitude to our frontline

workers, whose untiring efforts at

ensuring the safety and well-being of

our employees and communities have

allowed us to hold our heads high,

and continue our operations without

disruptions. Despite the challenges,

we have been able to create sustained

value for our stakeholders, and, as

an industry frontrunner, retain our

leadership position through improved

production, cost and distribution

efficiency, and sustainability initiatives.

For the cement industry in general,

2021 started on a robust note, with

strong signs of demand recovery.

However, the second wave of the

pandemic disrupted the market, led by

localised lockdowns and a dampened

consumer sentiment. Further, the

unprecedented hike in fuel prices

created cost pressures. Demand was

particularly impacted during the fourth

quarter of 2021 by unexpected rains in

different parts of the country, a ban on

construction activities in the National

Capital Region (NCR), and shortage of

labour and sand.

Notwithstanding these challenges,

your Company reported one of the

best performances in the recent

past, registering substantial growth

across both financial and non-financial

metrics. I join the Board in thanking

the team for demonstrating resilience

and agility and delivering on our set

objectives. We registered a volume

growth of 17% year-on-year. We

strengthened our revenues by 23%

while EBITDA and profit after tax

reported a growth of 21% and 16%,

respectively, over the previous year.

OUR MOMENT OF PRIDE

Equally noteworthy are the significant

interventions made by the Ambuja

Cement Foundation (ACF), our

CSR arm, in tackling the fallout

of the second wave on the health

infrastructure and community

well-being. Having meticulously

mapped locations that saw a surge

in cases, and thereby areas which

were in critical need of oxygen, ACF

8

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director’s insight

Demonstrating the

strength of our resolve

favourable product mix. Operating EBIT

stood at `2,656 crore, up 25% y-o-y,

while profit after tax rose 16% y-o-y to

`2,081 crore. However, margins came

under pressure due to the increase

in input costs. The operating EBITDA

margin declined 40 bps while net profit

margin declined 90 bps.

STRONGER FOCUS ON PRIORITY AREAS

Despite restricted mobility of

manpower and materials, the on-

time commissioning of our hi-tech

Marwar plant in September 2021

speaks volumes about the grit and

determination of our people. The

resilience demonstrated by the team is

the true embodiment of our I Can spirit.

The ‘Green’ plant is key to our strategic

plan of strengthening our competitive

position, especially in northern Indian

markets, and managing operations with

improved efficiency.

Digitalisation remains our key focus

area and will continue to shape the

way we operate – from running the

plants and managing logistics and

supply chain, to market and customer

connect. Our objective is to effectively

predict demand fluctuations, schedule

maintenance, improve logistics and

transportation capabilities. Under

the Plants of Tomorrow initiative,

being implemented across units,

we expect to enhance operational

efficiency significantly in comparison to

conventional cement plants.

STRENGTH AND SUSTAINABILITY

I am particularly happy to report a

major development on the ESG front.

We became the first cement company

globally to make it to the ‘A’ list of CDP

2021 for water security, a testimony

to our water stewardship. We intend

to become a carbon-neutral building

materials and construction solutions: DEAR STAKEHOLDERS,

The year 2021 was a study in contrast

for the Indian economy and the cement

industry. While the government’s

continued policy push for infrastructure

and affordable housing bode well

for a strong rebound in demand, the

onset of a more severe second wave

in the second quarter, the extended

monsoon and rising input cost in the

fourth quarter, partially offset the gains.

The robust rollout of the world’s largest

immunisation programme provided a

boost to sentiments.

A YEAR OF ALL-ROUND PERFORMANCE

The volatile external environment

notwithstanding, we delivered a

robust set of numbers for 2021 across

operational and financial metrics. We

clocked our highest ever annual sales

volume. Net sales grew 23% y-o-y

to `13,794 crore, further aided by a

The resilience

demonstrated by

the team is the true

embodiment of our I

Can spirit. The ‘Green’

plant at Marwar is key

to our strategic plan

of strengthening our

competitive position,

especially in Northern

Indian markets, and

managing operations

with improved

efficiency

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

16

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director and CEO

I am particularly

happy to report a

major development

on the ESG front.

We became the first

cement company

globally to make it to

the ‘A’ list of CDP 2021

for water security, a

testimony to our water

stewardship

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

17

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

C M

M M M M M

M M

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

19

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

MR. RAJIV KUMAR

Chief Commercial Officer

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

20

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director.

ASPIRE

In addition to the Aspire program, the

year saw us conduct a large sales

training initiative with all Branch Heads

on new dealer appointment. The

training consisted of three modules and

covered 261 Sales Managers. It was

run through a ‘Train the Trainer’ mode,

whereby nine Regional Sales Heads

were trained to lead the modules.

A special program was designed in

partnership with the Global Sales

Excellence team to develop Regional

Sales Office (RSO) Heads as Sales

Coaches. The program not only

imparted coaching skills through

peer coaching sessions, but also the

opportunity to practice these skills

during the intervening sessions. The

training covered 62 Regional Sales

Heads and consisted of four modules.

AALA also created content for 128

micro learning modules on its Learning

Experience platform and 64 e-learning

courses in the areas of Sales &

Marketing, H&S, Compliance and

Success factors among others.

Diversity and Inclusion has been a

long-term goal for the Company,

and acts as a sustainability lever for

Employee retention (%)

2021

91.2

2020

94

2019

89

2018

88

3%

Share of women employees

10%

Targeted share of women

employees by 2025

PLANT-SPECIFIC PROGRAMMES

We run some specific programmes

to achieve consistent operations and

standard maintenance within the

plant along with operators, engineers

and technicians for sustainable high

performance.

Programme objective

− Consistently achieve operational

and maintenance targets by having

reliable operators, engineers and

managers who perform well and in a

safe manner

− Achieve sustainable high

performance in our plants

− Standardised maintenance within

Holcim Group standards on

operation and safety

business. AALA organised sensitisation

programs for 65 senior leaders in

Manufacturing and Sales, promoting

conversations that reflected on bias at

work, on building inclusive practices

and action plans to promote gender

diversity in the organisation.

Our L&D sessions utilised the

online meeting platform, along with

the in-house learning experience

platform, Super Assisted Intelligent

Learning (SAIL). SAIL is an

application which works not only

as a repository for programmes

conducted, but also for content

creation, curation and e-learning.

SUPER ASSISTED INTELLIGENT

LEARNING (SAIL)

A total of 676 training programmes

were conducted during 2021 including

physical and virtual sessions on

modules relevant for management and

personal development

Throughout the pandemic, AALA has

worked very closely with the Business

Resilience Team and curated programs

to establish meaningful connect with

employees. It organised 12 webinars on

COVID-19 and its management, mental

well-being and resilience, covering

a total of 4,511 employees, of which

1,882 were from Ambuja.

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

99

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

& CEO

− Nomination &

Remuneration

− CSR & Sustainability

− Risk Management

− Audit

− Compliance

− Ethical View Reporting

− Others

Committees

of Directors

Board of

Directors

Executive

Management

− Compliance to all the

applicable laws

− Focus on sustainability

Code of Business

Conduct and Ethics

Compliance

Management

Framework

Governance Structure

VALUES, ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

The Board of Directors at Ambuja Cement

has laid down a holistic Ethical View

Policy (EVP) (akin to the Whistleblower

Policy) and Anti-Bribery and Corruption

Directive (ABCD) as an extension of its

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics,

which covers the Directors, employees

and relevant stakeholders of the

Company. Our policy of Zero Tolerance

towards corruption and bribery ensures

fair and transparent business dealings.

These policies play a critical role in

eradicating the risks of fraud, corruption

and unethical business practices across

our business value chain.

The Audit and Compliance Committees

of the Board keep a stringent watch on

the implementation and maintenance of

ABCD and this is periodically reviewed

by the Board. During 2021, we received

37 complaints, of which 13 complaints

were pre-assessed, but did not warrant

further investigation. About 22 complaints

were investigated and concluded and 2

complaints are still under investigation.

The investigated cases were mainly of the

nature of kickbacks/favours from vendors

(13%), violation of the Code of Conduct

(55%) and non-Code of Conduct-related

(32%). The financial impact of these

cases was insignificant and caused no

damage to the Company.

We have a vigil mechanism for disclosure

and for avoiding conflict of interest in all

our dealings that covers the Board of

Directors and all employees across levels.

A more detailed review can be found

in the Corporate Governance Report,

forming part of this Integrated Report.

PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT

(POSH)

We have a comprehensive POSH policy,

which is overseen by the Chief Financial

Officer (CFO). We practice a policy of

Zero Tolerance towards any misconduct,

particularly of sexual harassment. Any

reported incident is investigated with

due attention and appropriate decisions

are taken based on the outcome of the

investigation. During the year under

review, we received one POSH-related

complaint and it has been resolved.

INVESTOR GRIEVANCE

The Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee is responsible for managing

investor grievances, and is assisted by

the registrar and share transfer agent

of the Company. We had no pending

complaints at the beginning of the year;

and received 30 new complaints during

the year. At the end of the reporting

period, all complaints were addressed.

Based on the nature of the queries/

complaints, we usually take seven days to

a month to resolve investors’ complaints.

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

105

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and the Chief

Financial Officer. All related party transactions are subject to

half-yearly independent review by a reputed accounting firm

to establish compliance with the requirements of Arms’ Length

Pricing.

In accordance with section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013

and Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, the

particulars of the contract or arrangement entered into by the

Company with related parties referred to in section 188(1) in

Form AOC-2 is attached as Annexure II of this report.

Policy on Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace

The Company has zero tolerance towards sexual harassment at

the workplace and to this end, has adopted a policy in line with

the provisions of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace

(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH

Policy) and the Rules thereunder. All employees (permanent,

contractual, temporary, trainees) are covered under the said

Policy. An Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) has also been

set up to redress complaints received on sexual harassment.

During the financial year under review, the ICC received one

complaint, which was dealt in line with the POSH Policy of the

Company and disposed off. No cases of child labour, forced

labour, involuntary labour and discriminatory employment

were reported during the period.

The Company is committed to providing a safe and conducive

work environment to all its employees and associates.

Corporate Governance

The Company has complied with the corporate governance

requirements under the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing

Regulations. A separate section on corporate governance,

along with a certificate from the statutory auditors confirming

compliance is annexed and forms part of the Annual Report.

Risk Management

The Company has formulated an Enterprise Risk Management

(ERM) policy to identify, assess and mitigation of various risks

to our business, which is covered in detail in the Management

Discussion and Analysis Report attached to this Report.

The Risk management committee at Ambuja is constituted

under the chairmanship of Mr. Rajendra Chitale, Independent

Director. The objective of the Committee is to define the

framework for the identification, assessment, monitoring and

mitigation of risks, oversee the risk management performance

of the Management and to review the ERM policy framework

in line with the regulatory requirements.

Internal Audits and Controls

The establishment of an effective corporate governance and

internal control system is essential for sustainable growth and

long-term improvements in corporate value, and accordingly

the Company works to strengthen such structures. The

Company believes that a strong internal control framework is

an important pillar of Corporate Governance.

The current system of Internal Financial Controls is aligned

with the requirement of the Companies Act, 2013 and is in

line with globally accepted risk-based framework as issued

by the Committee of sponsoring Organisations (COsO) of

the Treadway Commission. This framework includes entity-

level policies, processes and standard Operating Procedures

(SOP). Compliance with these policies and procedures is

ingrained into the management review process. Moreover, the

Company regularly reviews them to ensure both relevance

and comprehensiveness of the Internal Financial Controls.

The Company uses IT-supported platforms to keep the IFC

framework robust.

The Company periodically assesses design as well as

operational effectiveness of its internal controls across

multiple functions and locations through extensive internal

audit exercises. Based on the assessment of internal audit

function, process owners undertake corrective action in

their respective areas, and thereby strengthen the controls.

Significant audit observations and corrective actions thereon

are presented to the Audit Committee of the Board.

Managing the Risks of Fraud, Corruption and Unethical

Business Practices

Vigil Mechanism/Whistle-Blower Policy

Ambuja’s core value has been to create a fraud and corruption-

free culture. We believe that the potential risk of fraud,

corruption and unethical behaviour could adversely impact the

Company’s business operations, performance and reputation.

With a view to create ethical environment and to mitigate the

risk of fraud, a comprehensive Ethical View Reporting Policy

akin to Vigil Mechanism or the Whistle-Blower Policy has been

laid down.

This policy encourages Directors, employees and third parties

to bring to your Company’s attention, any instances of illegal

or unethical conduct, actual or suspected incidents of fraud,

actions that affects the operational & financial integrity and

actual or suspected instances of leak of unpublished price

sensitive information that could adversely impact operations,

business performance and/or reputation.

In terms of the said Policy, all the reported incidents are

reviewed by the Ethical View Committee. Based on an

in-depth review, all such incidents are investigated in an

impartial manner and appropriate actions are taken to uphold

the highest professional, ethical and governance standards.

The Policy also provides for the requisite checks, balances

and safeguards to ensure that no employee is victimised or

harassed for reporting and bringing up such incidents in the

interest of the Company.

No personnel have been denied access to the Audit Committee

for any matter pertaining to the Ethical View Policy. The

implementation of the Policy and the functioning of the Ethical

View Committee is overseen by the Audit Committee.

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

136

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO, Ms. Rajani

Kesari, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Rajiv Gandhi, Company

Secretary are the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

During the year under review, there were no changes in the Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company.

Attributes, Qualifications and Independence of Directors

and their Appointment

The Nomination & Remuneration Committee of Directors

have approved a policy for the selection, Appointment and

Remuneration of Directors, which inter-alia, requires that the

Directors shall be of high integrity with relevant expertise

and experience to have a diverse Board. The Policy also lays

down the positive attributes/criteria while recommending the

candidature for the appointment of a new Director.

The Board Diversity Policy of the Company requires the

Board to have a set of accomplished individuals, ideally

representing a wide cross-section of industries, professions,

occupations and functions and possessing a blend of skills,

domain and functional knowledge, experience and educational

qualifications, both individually, as well as collectively.

Directors are appointed/re-appointed with the approval of the

Members for a term in accordance with the provisions of the

law and the Articles of Association. The initial appointment of: Managing

Managing Director & CEO has not received any remuneration

or commission from any of its subsidiaries

• There was no revision in the financial statements

• There was no change in the nature of business

• There were no material changes and commitments affecting

financial position of the Company between the end of the

financial year and the date of this report

• The Company has not transferred any amount to reserves

during the year under review.

Equal Opportunity Employer

The Company has always provided a congenial atmosphere for

work that is free from discrimination and harassment, including

sexual harassment. It has provided equal opportunities of

employment to all without regard to their caste, religion, colour,

marital status and sex.

Caution Statement

Statements in the Directors’ Report and the Management

Discussion and Analysis describing the Company’s objectives,

expectations or predictions may be forward-looking within

the meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations.

Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in the

statement. Crucial factors that could influence the Company’s

operations include global and domestic demand and supply

conditions affecting selling prices, new capacity additions,

availability of critical materials and their cost, changes in

government policies and tax laws, economic development of

the country and other factors that are material to the business

operations of the Company.

Appreciations and Acknowledgements

Your Directors place on record their deep appreciation to

every member of Ambuja family for their hard work, dedication

and commitment, to whom the credit for the Company’s

achievements goes, particularly during this unprecedented

year. Your Directors would also like to acknowledge the

valuable contribution by the Company’s Promoter, M/s Holcim

Ltd. in continuous improvement in our Business Practices.

Your Company looks upon its suppliers, distributors, retailers,

business partners and others associated with it in its progress

and the Board places on record its appreciation for the support

and co-operation from all of them. The Directors take this

opportunity to express their deep sense of gratitude to the

Banks, Government and Regulatory authorities, both at Central

and State level for their continued guidance and support.

And to you, our shareholders, we are deeply grateful for the

confidence and faith that you have always reposed in us.

For and on behalf of the Board of Ambuja Cements Limited

Mumbai

N. S. Sekhsaria

Date February 17, 2022

Chairman & Principal Founder

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

141

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO

(DIN NO. 00276351)

(DIN NO. 07419090)

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

144

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO and their remuneration. The Charter also deals with the remuneration Policy

for Senior Management Employees. This Policy is accordingly derived from the said Charter.

1.

Criteria of selection of Non Executive Directors

i.

The Non Executive Directors shall be of high integrity with relevant expertise and experience so as to have a diverse

Board with Directors having expertise in the fields of manufacturing, marketing, finance & taxation, law & governance

and general management.

ii.

In case of appointment of Independent Directors, the N&R Committee shall satisfy itself with regard to the Independent

nature of the Directors vis-à-vis the Company so as to enable the Board to discharge its function and duties effectively.

iii.

The N&R Committee shall ensure that the candidate identified for appointment as a Director is not disqualified for

appointment under Section 164 of the Companies Act 2013.

iv.

The N&R Committee shall consider the following attributes / criteria whilst recommending to the Board the candidature

for appointment as Director.

a.

Qualification, expertise and experience of the Directors in their respective fields;

b.

Personal, Professional or business standing

c.

Diversity of the Board

v.

In case of re-appointment of Non Executive Directors, the Board shall, take into consideration the performance

evaluation of the Director and his engagement level.

2.

Criteria of selection/appointment of: Managing

letter.

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis

for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards, is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For RATHI & ASSOCIATES

COMPANY SECRETARIES

JAYESH SHAH

PARTNER

Date: February 17, 2022

MEM. NO. FCS 5637

Place: Mumbai

COP No. 2535

Annexure I

Since none of the members have communicated dissenting

views in the matters / agenda proposed from time to time for

consideration of the Board and Committees thereof, during the

year under the report, hence were not required to be captured

and recorded as part of the minutes.

We further report that there are adequate systems and

processes in the Company commensurate with the size and

operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance

with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

We further report that the Company had furnished the requisite

information / clarifications / explanations in response to the: letter received from Registrar of Companies, Gujarat, Dadra

and Nagar Haveli. There has been no further correspondence

from the said Authority.

There was no event/action which had major bearing on the

Company’s affairs in pursuance to the above referred laws,

rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc.

For RATHI & ASSOCIATES

COMPANY SECRETARIES

JAYESH SHAH

PARTNER

MEM. NO. FCS 5637

Date: February 17, 2022

COP No. 2535

Place: Mumbai

UDIN: F005637C002622781

Note: This report should be read with our letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure I and forms are integral part of

this report.

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

148

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07419090

Mumbai : February 17, 2022

Form AOC-1

Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries and joint ventures. pursuant to first proviso to

sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.

Annexure VII to Directors’ Report

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

153

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO:– The Managing

Director and CEO is responsible for achieving

the Company’s vision and mission, business

strategies, project execution, mergers and

acquisition, significant policy decisions and all

the critical issues having significant business

and financial implications. He is also responsible

for the overall performance and growth of the

Company and ensures implementation of the

decisions of the Board of Directors and its

various Committees. He reports to the Board

of Directors.

(b)

Executive Committee:- The Executive

Committee is headed by the Managing

Director and CEO. The CFO and the Heads

of Manufacturing, Marketing, Logistics,

Procurement and HR are its other members.

This committee is a brain storming committee,

which meets at regular intervals, wherein all

important business issues are discussed

and decisions are taken. This Committee

reviews and monitors monthly performances,

addresses challenges faced by the business,

draws strategies and policies and keep the

Board informed about important developments

having bearing on the operational and financial

performance of the Company. Additionally, the

Committee also reviews Health and Safety,

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

154

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director is

also appointed for a term of five years and is not liable

to retire by rotation. Non-executive Directors (except

Independent Directors) are liable to retire by rotation

and are eligible for re-appointment, unless otherwise

specifically provided under the Articles of Association or

under any statute.

As required under Regulation 46(2)(b) of the Listing

Regulations, the Company has issued formal letters

of appointment to the Independent Directors. The

terms and conditions of their appointment are posted

on the Company’s website and can be accessed at

www.ambujacement.com.

2.3. Other Directorships etc.:

None of the Directors is a Director in more than 10 Public

Limited Companies or acts as an Independent Director

in more than 7 Listed Companies. The: Managing

Managing Director of the Company from its

inception in April 1983, until January 2006. Mr. Sekhsaria

relin-quished the post of: Managing Director and was

appointed as the Non-Executive Vice

Managing Director of

Novartis India Ltd. from 2001 to 2018.

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

158

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO)

Mr. Akhoury has a degree in Economics and an MBA

from the University of Liverpool. He has also studied one-

year General Management at XLRI, Jamshedpur. He is an

alumnus of the Harvard Business School.

Mr. Neeraj Akhoury brings with him over 3 decades of

rich experience in the steel and cement industries. He has

worked in leadership roles in India and other emerging

markets.

He began his career with Tata Steel in 1993 and joined

the Holcim Group in 1999. He was a member of the

Executive Committee of Lafarge India, heading corporate

affairs followed by sales. In 2011, he moved to Nigeria as

CEO &: Managing Director of Lafarge AshakaCem PLC.

Thereafter, he was appointed as Strategy & Business

Development Director for the Middle East & Africa at the

erstwhile Lafarge headquarters in Paris. He was also

the CEO of Lafarge Surma Cement Limited and country

representative of Holcim Bangladesh.

Mr. Akhoury was appointed as the MD & CEO of ACC

Ltd. in February 2017. In February 2020, he took over as

CEO India, Holcim, Managing Director & CEO, Ambuja

Cements Limited and Non-Executive Director, ACC

Ltd. He is the Vice

Managing Director

and CEO

6

Yes

3

Nil

1

Non-Executive, Non- Independent Director

in:

1. ACC Ltd.

2. Holcim Services (South Asia Ltd.): Managing Director & CEO

1. Ambuja Cements Ltd.

1 Includes Indian Public Companies including Ambuja Cements Limited but excluding Directorships in Private Limited Companies, Foreign

Companies and Section 8 Companies.

2 Includes only Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of Public Limited companies (whether listed or not) including

Ambuja Cements Ltd.

(ii) Separate Meeting of Independent Directors:

The role of Independent Directors is to review the

performance of the Non-Independent Directors

(including the

Managing Director and CEO and the

Company Secretary.

A newly appointed Director is provided with an

appointment: letter along with an induction kit setting out

their roles, function, duties & responsibilities and copies

of the Code of Business Conduct, Insider Trading Code

and other policies as may be applicable to them.

Each newly appointed Independent Director is taken

through an induction and familiarisation program

including the presentation and interactive session with

the Managing Director and CEO, Executive Committee

Members and other Functional Heads on the Company’s

manufacturing, marketing, finance and other important

aspects. The Company Secretary briefs the Director about

their legal & regulatory responsibilities as a Director. The

program also includes visit to the plant to familiarise them

with all facets of cement manufacturing. On the matters

of specialised nature, the Company engages outside

experts/consultants for presentation and discussion with

the Board members.

On an on-going basis, periodic presentations are made

at the Board and Committee meetings, on Health and

Safety, Sustainability, performance updates of the

Company, Industry scenario, business strategy, internal

control and risks involved and mitigation plan. The

Directors are also provided with quarterly update on

relevant statutory changes, judicial pronouncements and

important amendments.

As a normal practice, this year also the Audit Committee

reviewed the Direct and Indirect tax matters pertaining to

the Company. As a part of deeper engagement, the Board

Members also interact with the senior management team

on various critical issues having impact on the Company’s

operations.

The details of familiarisation program can be accessed

from the ‘Investors’ section on the website of the

Company.

2.8. Board Evaluation:

During the year under review, the Board adopted a

formal mechanism for evaluating its performance and

effectiveness as well as that of its Committees and

individual Directors, including the

Managing Director

and CEO

4

B.

Invitees / Participants:

The Executive Committee Members and the Head of

Legal department are the Permanent Invitees to all the

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

164

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

& CEO

5

Mr. Ranjit Shahani, Chairman of the Committee was

present at the last Annual General meeting for answering

the shareholders queries.

B.

Redressal of Investors’ Grievances

The Company Secretary is designated as the “Compliance

Officer” who oversees the redressal of the investors’

grievances.

The detailed particulars of investors’ complaints handled

by the Company and its Registrar and Share Transfer

Agent during the year are as under:

Nature of Complaints

Opening Received Resolved

Pending

Resolution

Non-Receipt of Bonus

Shares

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Non-Receipt of

Transferred Shares

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Non-Receipt of

Dividend

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Non-Receipt of

Revalidated Dividend

Warrants

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Letters from SEBI /

Stock Exchanges,

Ministry of Corporate

Affairs etc.

Nil

29

29

Nil

Demat Queries

Nil

1

1

Nil

Miscellaneous

Complaints

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

TOTAL

Nil

30

30

Nil

No investor grievances remain pending/unattended for

a period exceeding 15 days. All the valid requests for

transfer of shares have been processed on time and there

are no transfers pending for more than 15 days.

Over and above the aforesaid complaints, the Company

and its Registrar and Share Transfer Agent have received

around 8389 letters / queries / requests on various

matters such as change of address, change of bank

particulars, ECS mandate, nomination request etc. and

we are pleased to report that except for requests received

towards the year end which are under process, all other

queries / requests have been replied on time.

3.5. CSR

and

Sustainability

Committee-Mandatory

Committee

The Company has constituted a CSR and Sustainability

Committee as required under Section 135 of the

Companies Act, 2013.

The Company is at the forefront of undertaking various

CSR activities in the fields of Health and Sanitation, Skill

Development, Agriculture, Water Resource Management

etc. which has tremendously benefitted the communities

around our operations. Sustainability has been embedded

in the Company’s Vision statement and is a major thrust

area for carrying our activities in the most sustainable

manner. The major Sustainability areas include Health

and Safety, Environment, Alternative Fuels and Raw

Materials (AFR), Waste Management, Renewable Energy,

Sustainable Construction Practices etc.

The Company has also formulated “CSR Policy”,

“Sustainability Policy”, “CSR and Sustainability Charter”

and also publishes its Annual Corporate Sustainable

Development Report (GRI G4 compliant A+) which is

available on the Company’s website.

A.

Composition and Meetings:

The Committee is headed by the Board Chairman,

Mr. N.S. Sekhsaria. The Committee held 5 meetings

during the year 2021. The details of the composition and

the attendance at meeting as on December 31, 2021 is

as under:-

Sr.

No. Name of the Directors

Category

No. of Meetings

Attended

1.

Mr. N. S. Sekhsaria

(Chairman)

Non-Independent

5

2.

Mr. Nasser Munjee

Independent

4

3.

Mr. Rajendra Chitale

Independent

5

4.

Mr. Mahendra Kumar

Sharma

Non-Independent

5

5.

Mr. Martin Kriegner

Non-Independent

4

6.

Mr. Neeraj Akhoury: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

Terms of Reference

The Terms of Reference of the Committee are to:-

a)

review and monitor Sustainability initiatives and its

performance and such other related aspects;

b)

review and approve changes in Sustainability

Policies, Targets (Short-term and long-term), and

Budget (if any), from time to time;

c)

review the progress on Science Based Targets (SBT),

Net Zero path or any such voluntary commitments

made by the Company, nationally or globally;

d)

Ensure the development and execution of a

sustainability and decarbonisation strategy and

roadmap;

e)

Ensure compliance with the relevant laws, rules

and regulations governing the Sustainability and to

periodically report to the Board of Directors.

3.6 Risk Management Committee-Mandatory Committee

In compliance with the provisions of Listing Regulations,

2015 and Companies Act, 2013, the Board has constituted

a Risk Management Committee under the Chairmanship

of Mr. Rajendra Chitale and consists of the members as

stated below.

A.

Composition and Meetings:

During the year ended on December 31, 2021, this

Committee had 2 meetings which were attended by the

members as under:-

Sr.

No. Name of the Directors

Category

No. of Meetings

Attended

1.

Mr. Rajendra Chitale

(Chairman)

Independent

2

2.

Mr. Nasser Munjee

Independent

1

3.

Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti Independent

2

4.

Mr. Neeraj Akhoury: Managing Director

and CEO

2

B.

Terms of Reference:

The Committee is required to lay down the procedures to

review the risk assessment and minimisation procedures

and is responsible for framing, implementing and

monitoring the risk management plan of the Company.

The Terms of Reference of the Committee are to:-

a)

review the framework of Business Risk Management

process;

b)

risk identification and assessment;

c)

review and monitoring of risk mitigation plans and its

implementation.

d) monitor and review the risks & measures related to

cyber security.

During the year, the Committee reviewed the risk trend,

exposure and potential impact analysis carried out by

the management. It was specifically confirmed to the

Committee by the MD and CEO and the CFO that the

mitigation plans are finalised and up to date, owners

are identified and the progress of mitigation actions are

monitored.

3.7 Management Committee- Non-Mandatory Committee

The Management Committee is formed to authorise

grant of Power of Attorney to executives, to approve

various facilities as and when granted by the Banks

and execution of documents for these facilities. Four

committee meetings were held during the year 2021. The

committee comprises of Mr. Rajendra Chitale -

Managing Director and CEO.

8.2 Shareholders’ Rights: As the quarterly and half yearly

financial performance along with significant events are

published in the newspapers and are also posted on the

Company’s website, the same are not being sent to the

shareholders.

8.3 Modified Opinion in Auditors Report: The Company’s

financial statements for the year 2021 do not contain any

modified audit opinion.

8.4 Separate posts of Chairman and CEO: The Chairman

of the Board is a Non-Executive Director and his position

is separate from that of the: Managing Director and CEO.

8.5 Reporting of Internal Auditor: The Chief Internal Auditor

reports to the Audit Committee and he participates in the

meetings of the Audit Committee and presents his audit

observations to the Committee.

9.

Means of Communication

Financial results: The Company’s quarterly, half

yearly and annual financial results are sent to the Stock

Exchanges and published in ‘Financial Express’ and other

newspapers. Simultaneously, they are also uploaded on

the Company’s website (www.ambujacement.com)

News releases, presentations, etc.: Official news

releases and official media releases are sent to Stock

Exchanges and are displayed on Company’s website

(www.ambujacement.com).

Presentations to institutional investors / analysts:

These presentations and Schedule of analyst or

institutional investors meet are also uploaded on the

Company’s website (www.ambujacement.com) as well

as sent to the Stock Exchanges. No unpublished price

sensitive information is discussed in the presentation

made to institutional investors and financial analysts.

Website: The Company’s website (www.ambujacement.

com) contains a separate dedicated section ‘Investors’

where shareholders’ information is available. The

Company’s Annual Report is also available in

downloadable form.

Annual Report: The Annual Report containing, inter

alia, Audited Financial Statements, Audited Consolidated

Financial Statements, Directors’ Report, Auditors’

Report and other important information is circulated to

members and others entitled thereto. The Management’s

Discussion and Analysis (MDA) Report and the Integrated

Report forms part of the Annual Report.

Letter of Appointment to Independent Director

https://www.ambujacement.com/Upload/PDF/: Letter-of-appointment-Independent-

letter dated April 10, 2021.

2.

We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants,

the Statutory Auditors of Ambuja Cements Limited (“the

Company”), have examined the compliance of conditions

of Corporate Governance by the Company, for the year

ended on December 31, 2021, as stipulated in Regulations

17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2) and para

C and D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the

Listing Regulations).

Managements’ Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is

the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility

includes the design, implementation and maintenance of

internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance

with the conditions of the Corporate Governance

stipulated in Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures

and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for

ensuring compliance with the conditions of the Corporate

Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of

opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5.

We have examined the books of account and other relevant

records and documents maintained by the Company for

the purposes of providing reasonable assurance on the

compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by

the Company.

6.

We have carried out an examination of the relevant records

of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note

on Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the

Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI),

the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10)

of the Companies Act, 2013, in so far as applicable for the

purpose of this certificate and as per the Guidance Note

on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by

the ICAI which requires that we comply with the ethical

requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1,

Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews

of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance

and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

Based on our examination of the relevant records and

according to the information and explanations provided to

us and the representations provided by the Management,

we certify that the Company has complied with the

conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in

regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation

46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the Listing

Regulations during the year ended December 31, 2021.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

Saira Nainar

Partner

(Membership No. 040081)

UDIN No.: 22040081ACYTRB1350

Mumbai

February 17, 2022

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

178

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Mumbai

Date: February 17, 2022

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

179

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07419090

Mumbai : 17th February 2022

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

188

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07419090

Mumbai : 17th February 2022

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

189

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07419090

Mumbai : 17th February 2022

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

190

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07419090

Mumbai : 17th February 2022

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

192

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (Upto 20th February 2020)

17

Mr. Neeraj Akhoury: Managing

letter of credit or security deposits.

The Company’s exposure and wherever appropriate the credit ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored

and spread amongst various counterparties. Credit exposure is controlled by counterparty limits that are reviewed and

approved by the management of the Company.

The Company does not have higher concentration of credit risks since no single customer accounted for 10% or more of

the Company’s net sales.

Note 56 - Financial risk management objectives and policies (Contd.....)

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

254

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07419090

Mumbai : 17th February 2022

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

258

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer

DIN - 07419090

Mumbai : 17th February 2022

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

266

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer

DIN - 07419090

Mumbai : 17th February 2022

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

267

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07419090

Mumbai : 17th February 2022

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

269

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer

DIN - 07419090

Mumbai : 17th February 2022

Consolidated cash flow statement

for the year ended 31st December 2021

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

271

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter issued to ACC, that only the

higher of the amount of (i) VAT refund and (ii) royalty refund claim amounts, each year, shall be considered. ACC maintains

that such annual restriction is not applicable as long as the cumulative limit of claim does not exceed the amount of eligible

investment. ACC has accrued an amount of ` 133 crore (31st December 2020 - ` 133 crore) on this account. ACC has

filed an appeal before the Bombay High Court challenging the stand of the Government, which is admitted and pending

before the High Court for hearing on merit. ACC is of the view and has been advised legally, that the merits are strongly

in its favour.

f)

ACC Limited, a subsidiary of the Company (ACC), was contesting the renewal of mining lease in state of Jharkhand for two

of its quarries on lease. There was an unfavourable order by the Hon'ble Supreme Court in judgement on Goa Foundation

case, restricting the "deemed renewal" provision of captive mining leases to the first renewal period. ACC received demand

from District Mining Officer for ` 881 crore as penalty for alleged illegal mining activities carried out by the Company during

January 1991 to September 2014.

On 2nd January 2015, the Central Government promulgated the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation)

Amendment Ordinance, 2015 [subsequently enacted as Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) (Amendment)

Act, 2015 in March 2015] amending mining laws with retrospective effect, and decided that all leases granted prior to

ordinance will deemed to have been automatically renewed until prescribed period therein. ACC then filed a writ petition

with High Court of Jharkhand, challenging the aforesaid memos from the State Government for directing the State

government to renew both the leases upto march 2030 as per the Ordinance. On 31 October 2015 the High Court passed

an interim order in terms of Section 8A(5) of the Ordinance for quarry II extending the lease upto March 2030 permitting the

ACC to commence mining operations after depositing ` 48 crore, being assessed value of materials dispatched between

April 2014 to September 2014 (being the alleged period of illegality) subject to the outcome of the petition filed by ACC.

ACC believes that the case shall not stand the test of judicial scrutiny basis the automatic renewal coupled with legal

advice.

Note 52 - Capital and other commitments

Particulars

For the year ended

31st December 2021

` in crore

For the year ended

31st December 2020

` in crore

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for

(net of advances)

1,464.98

1,918.15

Total

1,464.98

1,918.15

Note:

a) For commitments relating to lease arrangements, Refer Note 54.

Note 51 - Material demands and disputes relating to assets and liabilities reported by subsidiary as “remote” (Contd.....)

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

319

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (Upto 20th February 2020)

17

Mr. Neeraj Akhoury: Managing

letter of credit or security deposits.

The Group's exposure and wherever appropriate, the credit ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored

and spread amongst various counterparties. Credit exposure is controlled by counterparty limits that are reviewed and

approved by the management of the Group.

The Group does not have higher concentration of credit risks since no single customer accounted for 10% or more of the

Company's net sales.

The ageing analysis of trade receivables (Refer Note 16):

Particulars

As at

31st December 2021

` in crore

As at

31st December 2020

` in crore

Up to 6 months

634.41

538.49

More than 6 months

92.87

114.04

Total

727.28

652.53

Impaired

(81.45)

(91.40)

Total

645.83

561.13

The Group has used a practical expedient by computing the expected loss allowance for financial assets based on historical

credit loss experience and adjustments for forward looking information. As per simplified approach, the Group makes

provision of expected credit losses on trade receivables using a provision matrix to mitigate the risk of default payments

and makes appropriate provision at each reporting date wherever outstanding is for longer period and involves higher risk.

Movement in expected credit loss allowance of trade receivable

Particulars

As at

31st December 2021

` in crore

As at

31st December 2020

` in crore

Balance at the beginning of the year

91.40

51.44

Add : provided during the year

6.91

54.89

Less : amounts utilised

1.13

11.18

Less : reversal of provisions

15.73

3.75

Balance at the end of the year

81.45

91.40

Movement in expected credit loss allowance of financial assets

Particulars

As at

31st December 2021

` in crore

As at

31st December 2020

` in crore

Balance at the beginning of the year

40.17

35.05

Add : provided during the year

0.15

6.50

Less : Reversal of provision

0.20

1.38

Balance at the end of the year

40.12

40.17

C)

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the Group will not be able to settle or meet its obligations on time or at reasonable

price. Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and marketable securities and the availability

of funding through an adequate amount of credit facilities to meet obligations when due. The Group’s treasury team is

responsible for liquidity, funding as well as settlement management. In addition, processes and policies related to such

risks are overseen by senior management. Management monitors the Group’s liquidity position through rolling forecasts

on the basis of expected cash flows. The Group has invested in short term liquid funds which can be redeemed on a very

short notice and hence carried negligible liquidity risk.

The table below provides details regarding the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date

based on undiscounted contractual payments.

Note 57 - Financial risk management objectives and policies (Contd.....)

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

340

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer

DIN - 07419090

Mumbai : 17th February 2022

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

348

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter to the Company or

upload on the VC portal / e-voting portal.

6.

Record Date: The Record date for payment of dividend

has been fixed as Friday, April 1, 2022.

7.

Dividend: The dividend, as recommended by the Board,

if approved at the AGM, in respect of equity shares

held in electronic form will be payable to the beneficial

owners of shares as on Friday, April 1, 2022 as per the

downloads furnished to the Company by Depositories for

this purpose, in physical mode, if their names appear in

the Company’s register of members as on Friday, April

1, 2022.

The final dividend will be paid on and from May 5,

2022.

8.

In case of joint holders attending the Meeting, only such

joint holder who is higher in the order of names will be

entitled to vote.

9.

Procedure for registration of email address: Notice

of the 39th AGM and other documents are being sent

through electronic mode to those Members whose email

addresses are registered with the Company/ Depositories.

Therefore, those Members, whose email address is not

registered with the Company or with their respective

Depository Participant/s, and who wish to receive the

Notice and the Annual Report and all other communication

sent by the Company, from time to time, can get their

email address registered by following the steps as given

below:-

a.

For Members holding shares in physical form, please

send scan copy of a signed request: letter mentioning

your folio number, complete address, email address

to be registered along with scanned self- attested

copy of the PAN and any document (such as Driving

License, Passport, Bank Statement, AADHAAR)

supporting the registered address of the Member,

by email to the Company’s email address at:

investors.relation@ambujacement.com

b. For the Members holding shares in demat form,

please update your email address through your

respective Depository Participant/s.

10. Members may also note that the Notice of this Annual

General Meeting and the Annual Report for the year

2021 will also be available on the Company’s website

www.ambujacement.com for their download. The

same shall also be available on the website of the

Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock

Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and

www.nseindia.com respectively, and on the website of

CDSL https://www.evotingindia.com. Members may also

note that pursuant to Sections 101 and 136 of the Act

read with the Rules framed thereunder, the original Notice

calling the 39th AGM along with the Annual Report for

Financial Year 2021 has already been sent by electronic

mode to those Members whose E-mail addresses are

registered with the DPs or the Company/LinkIntime,

unless the Members have requested for a physical copy

of the same.

11. The Register of

letter etc. together with attested

specimen signature of the duly authorised

signatory who are authorised to vote, to the

Scrutiniser and to the Company at the email

address viz; investors.relation@ambujacement.

com (designated email address by company),

if they have voted from individual tab & not

uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for

the scrutiniser to verify the same.

(xv) In case you have any queries or issues regarding

e-voting, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (“FAQs”) and e-voting manual available at

www.evotingindia.com, under help section or write

an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com.

All grievances connected with the facility for voting

by electronic means may be addressed to Mr.

Rakesh Dalvi, Manager, (CDSL,) Central Depository

Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon

Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg,

Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an

email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call

022- 23058542/43

II.

Instructions for Shareholders for E-Voting during

the AGM are as under:-

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same

as the instructions mentioned above for Remote e-voting.

Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM

through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote

on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are

otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to

vote through e-Voting system available during the AGM.

If any Votes are cast by the shareholders through the

e-voting available during the AGM and if the same

shareholders have not participated in the meeting

through VC/OAVM facility, then the votes cast by such

shareholders shall be considered invalid as the facility

of e-voting during the meeting is available only to the

shareholders attending the meeting.

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

361

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Ms. Rajani Kesari

COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Rajiv Gandhi

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Mr. Neeraj Akhoury: Managing Director & CEO

Ms. Rajani Kesari

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Sukuru Ramarao

Chief Manufacturing Officer

Mr. Rajiv Kumar

Chief Commercial Officer

Mr. Suresh Rathi

Head of Fuel, Raw Materials & Inbound

Outbound Logistics

Mr. Manoj Chhura

Chief Procurement Officer

Mr. Rahul Maitra

Chief Human Resource Officer

COMMITTEES OF BOARD

Audit Committee

Mr. Rajendra P. Chitale (

letter to the Company or

upload on the VC portal / e-voting portal.

6.

Record Date: The Record date for payment of dividend

has been fixed as Friday, April 1, 2022.

7.

Dividend: The dividend, as recommended by the Board,

if approved at the AGM, in respect of equity shares

held in electronic form will be payable to the beneficial

owners of shares as on Friday, April 1, 2022 as per the

downloads furnished to the Company by Depositories for

this purpose, in physical mode, if their names appear in

the Company’s register of members as on Friday, April

1, 2022.

The final dividend will be paid on and from May 5,

2022.

8.

In case of joint holders attending the Meeting, only such

joint holder who is higher in the order of names will be

entitled to vote.

9.

Procedure for registration of email address: Notice

of the 39th AGM and other documents are being sent

through electronic mode to those Members whose email

addresses are registered with the Company/ Depositories.

Therefore, those Members, whose email address is not

registered with the Company or with their respective

Depository Participant/s, and who wish to receive the

Notice and the Annual Report and all other communication

sent by the Company, from time to time, can get their

email address registered by following the steps as given

below:-

a.

For Members holding shares in physical form, please

send scan copy of a signed request: letter mentioning

your folio number, complete address, email address

to be registered along with scanned self- attested

copy of the PAN and any document (such as Driving

License, Passport, Bank Statement, AADHAAR)

supporting the registered address of the Member,

by email to the Company’s email address at:

investors.relation@ambujacement.com

b. For the Members holding shares in demat form,

please update your email address through your

respective Depository Participant/s.

10. Members may also note that the Notice of this Annual

General Meeting and the Annual Report for the year

2021 will also be available on the Company’s website

www.ambujacement.com for their download. The

same shall also be available on the website of the

Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock

Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and

www.nseindia.com respectively, and on the website of

CDSL https://www.evotingindia.com. Members may also

note that pursuant to Sections 101 and 136 of the Act

read with the Rules framed thereunder, the original Notice

calling the 39th AGM along with the Annual Report for

Financial Year 2021 has already been sent by electronic

mode to those Members whose E-mail addresses are

registered with the DPs or the Company/LinkIntime,

unless the Members have requested for a physical copy

of the same.

11. The Register of

letter etc. together with attested

specimen signature of the duly authorised

signatory who are authorised to vote, to the

Scrutiniser and to the Company at the email

address viz; investors.relation@ambujacement.

com (designated email address by company),

if they have voted from individual tab & not

uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for

the scrutiniser to verify the same.

(xv) In case you have any queries or issues regarding

e-voting, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (“FAQs”) and e-voting manual available at

www.evotingindia.com, under help section or write

an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com.

All grievances connected with the facility for voting

by electronic means may be addressed to Mr.

Rakesh Dalvi, Manager, (CDSL,) Central Depository

Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon

Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg,

Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an

email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call

022- 23058542/43

II.

Instructions for Shareholders for E-Voting during

the AGM are as under:-

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same

as the instructions mentioned above for Remote e-voting.

Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM

through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote

on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are

otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to

vote through e-Voting system available during the AGM.

If any Votes are cast by the shareholders through the

e-voting available during the AGM and if the same

shareholders have not participated in the meeting

through VC/OAVM facility, then the votes cast by such

shareholders shall be considered invalid as the facility

of e-voting during the meeting is available only to the

shareholders attending the meeting.

Ambuja Cements Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021

361

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

