letter

8

MD & CEO’s message

10

Board of Directors

12

Our offerings

14

Global footprint

16

INTRODUCTION

FY 2021-22 performance snapshot

2

About the report

4

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Standalone

211

Consolidated

287

GRI CONTENT INDEX

372

ASSURANCE CERTIFICATE

375

AWARDS AND ACCOLADES

98

TEN YEAR REVIEW

100

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND

ANALYSIS

18

STATUTORY REPORTS

Notice

102

Board's report

119

Report on corporate governance

152

General shareholder information

173

Business responsibility and

sustainability report

186

For close to eight decades, we have been reinventing ourselves constantly to help people

transform their lives, create a brighter and more beautiful world for themselves, and thus bring

them unbridled joy. In the process, we believe, we are also contributing to shared progress

because we are committed to promoting long-term business growth that creates value for our

stakeholders, while driving positive change in the lives of our customers, the communities we

operate in, our people and the environment through our emphasis

on sustainability.

Enriching. Partnering. Elevating.

While sustaining our position as a leading paint company

in the country, we are moving laterally from a ‘share of

surface’ to ‘share of space’ as we transform ourselves into

a premier décor consultant and service provider. We inspire

and influence the customer during the entire life cycle of

home renovation and we are thus deepening our foray

into the kitchen, bath, wallpapers, furnishing, fabric, and

now into decorative lighting and uPVC doors and windows.

By bringing our distinctive products and services that

suit individual personalities and style under one roof, we

believe, we are creating new joys.

The year saw us introduce premium products like Royale

Glitz, that marries luxury with the finish of Teflon™, and

SmartCare Hydroloc, the ready-to-use pre-putty coating

that can be applied directly at the plaster level. And, of

course, we bring to our customers the irresistible pull of a

Sabyasachi design through our Nilaya brand of furnishings.

We used internet platforms to engage our customers,

expanded our digital presence to make our products more

accessible, and used fashion influencers heavily to promote

our Taana Baana collection that gives customers the option

to bring the charm of rural India to their walls.

Bringing joy to

people’s lives®

Intensive focus on ESG priorities also saw us establish

targets to mitigate climate change and enhance our

product stewardship. We expanded our green range and

accelerated adoption of technologies that help us reduce

our carbon footprint. At the same time, the year saw us

deepen our community engagement through our CSR

initiatives and sustained efforts to transform the lives of

people across our value chain.

By transforming spaces and transforming lives, we are

creating new opportunities for people to savour life and

partake of all the happiness it has to offer.

The cooperation between Asian Paints and the St+art India

Foundation is going strong, with the goal of altering urban

landscapes and making art more accessible to everyone.

They all come together to offer sound to a city’s heartbeat,

from the walls of public offices to schools to residential

buildings.

OUR APPROACH TO VALUE CREATION

Value creation model

30

Capitals

32

Stakeholder engagement

76

Materiality

80

ESG Strategy

82

Governance

86

Risk management

90

Climate reporting disclosures

96

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

This is my first communication with all of you as the

Chairman of the Board of Directors at Asian Paints, a

baton that I took over from my illustrious predecessor,

Mr. Ashwin Dani. On behalf of all of you, I take this

opportunity to express my appreciation and gratitude for

the stellar guidance and direction, especially in the area

of paint technology, that Mr. Dani has provided to the

organisation. He has been an integral part of the Board

over the decades and has been a strong force in propelling

your company into a league of its own.

Asian Paints has always stood out as a brand that has been

steadfast in upholding its ‘Customer first’ focus, always

striving to better its own industry-beating benchmarks

and thereby continuously bringing joy to its customers.

This relentless pursuit has helped us deliver yet another

year of robust performance despite the many challenges in

the environment.

Taking a brilliant

innings forward

Board leadership

A key hallmark of our leadership has also been the high

standards of corporate governance that we have set for

ourselves. This has been reinforced with the quality of

Board leadership we have maintained throughout our

journey. I am delighted to welcome Mr. Milind Sarwate,

Independent Director, on the Board and as the Chairman

of the Audit Committee. Your Company will draw immense

learning from his rich and diverse industry experience.

Mr. M. K. Sharma, Independent Director, Chairman of the

Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, has retired with effect from

31st March 2022. His contribution has been immensely

valuable and has strengthened the governance standards

and I thank him wholeheartedly. I also thank Dr. S. Sivaram,

Independent Director, who retired from the Board with

effect from 30th September 2021. Your Company has

benefitted greatly from his guidance especially in the areas

of technology, governance and risk management.

During the year, Mr. Abhay Vakil, Non – Executive

Promoter Director, departed for his heavenly abode. He

had contributed immensely to the growing stature of the

business in various capacities over his long association

with the company and his sad demise is an irreparable

loss for your Company. Mr. Amar Vakil, an erstwhile Non

– Executive Promoter Director on the Board, also passed

away during the year. I place on record our profound

appreciation for their valuable contribution to the Board.

I also take this opportunity to welcome Ms. Nehal Vakil,

Non-Executive Promoter Director, on the Board and

look forward to her contribution towards taking your

Company ahead.

Looking ahead with self-belief

For the immediate future, the environment has turned

uncertain with the economic recovery under challenge

from multiple fronts. Inflation is at a multi-decade high

across geographies, partly induced by the global supply

chain disruptions and partly by the ultra-accommodative

Relentlessly forging ahead

The year gone by continued to be impacted by the

pandemic - its multiple waves delaying the return to a sense

of normalcy for economies the world over. At the same

time, the strain on the global supply chain networks led

to runaway inflation and the situation has only worsened

with the on-going geo-political conflict further fracturing

the supply chain stability. Through this uncertainty, what

has stood out is the resilience of mankind, to look for

opportunities in adversities, to innovate and address the

challenges. Your Company has shown the same resilience to

overcome all the challenges and continues to forge ahead in

its journey to be the customer’s ‘partner of choice’, helping

her realise her dream home.

Throughout its leadership journey, your Company has

relentlessly looked at innovation to provide newer and

better value propositions for customers, to cater to their

said and unsaid needs and thus increase our relevance to

them. This year was no different, with multiple new product

launches, some of them with unique, first-to-the-world

value features that are bound to expand the possibilities

around Home Décor for our customers. Today the customer

is also expecting us to handhold her through her entire

Home Décor journey and this has led to multiple innovations

around services from our side. We now have a repertoire

of Home Décor services being run at scale and delivering

to exacting standards. Many of these innovations have also

been woven into our global business operations, enabling

your Company to be seen as trendsetters in these markets.

Our consistent ESG focus

In today’s world, an industry leader also has the onus of

taking initiatives to build sustainable business models that

unlock greater value for all stakeholders. While ‘ESG’ is

today’s fad word, we have always looked at intertwining

the sustainability agenda into your Company’s business

objectives and considered sustainability focus a key driver

of long-term value creation. Some of the key elements that

we continue to work on in this area are around providing

customers with environmentally sustainable products,

driving water neutrality, energy conservation and taking

initiatives around enhancing community livelihood. While

each of these elements helps the organisation drive its

sustainability efforts, collectively they create a deep moat

for our business, enabling us to generate value for years to

come. You will find greater details of the various elements

that your company is pursuing as part of its ESG agenda in

the later sections of this integrated report. I would urge

you to read it.

While ‘ESG’ is today’s fad word, we

have always looked at intertwining the

sustainability agenda into your Company’s

business objectives and considered

sustainability focus a key driver of long-

term value creation

policies pursued by governments and monetary authorities

to pump-prime the pandemic affected economies.

The geopolitical situation is threatening to further worsen

inflation across key commodities. As a result, monetary

authorities are tightening the money supply, hoping to

squeeze out the inflationary pressures. This could hurt the

demand conditions across industries.

Amidst this upheaval, organisations that stay true to their

core vision and fundamental character would continue to

prosper, looking at every hurdle as a possibility to reinvent

themselves into a partner much more relevant to their

customers. The zeal with which each and every member

of Team Asian Paints took on the challenges to, not just

surmount the odds but also create new benchmarks in

their quest of delivering joy to customers, gives me the

confidence that your Company will continue to thrive and

keep delivering sustainable value to all its stakeholders. I

thank you all for your continued commitment and support.

Warm regards,

Deepak Satwalekar

Chairman

Chairman’s: letter

Integrated Report 2021-22

8

Asian Paints at a Glance

9

ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Dear Shareholders,

When the pandemic started in the early parts of 2020, many

thought it to be a transient phase and that it was a passing

phase. However, more than 2 years later, we as a society are still

in transition, constantly evolving and adapting our responses

to deal with the multiple mutations of the virus, with the sole

objective of making our lives better. Businesses likewise, have

been constantly evolving too, adapting their models, their go-to

approach to deal with the changing operating environment with

the express objective of taking the business purpose forward.

We, at Asian Paints are immensely proud that over this period,

we have emerged as an organisation which is audacious in its

intent and actions to bring joy to people’s life. This has been a

consequence of the customer passion and creative zeal with

which each one of us in the organisation has responded to the

unprecedented challenges of recent years, standing true to our

AP Charter which we collectively created at Asian Paints in 2020.

The results delivered for the year bears testimony to this

phenomenal work done by Team Asian Paints. Let me give you a

brief insight into some of the key highlights of our performance

this year.

The Environment

FY 2021-22 was another tumultuous year with covid uncertainty

on demand conditions still playing out to differing extent across

markets and across businesses. Given the discretionary nature

of our business we got more affected with every wave of Covid,

since customers looked at deferring their purchase. While the

demand conditions turned for the better post the second wave

impact, all the businesses had to deal with the runaway inflation

and supply shortages, adding its own complexity in an already

difficult business environment. Infact, the inflation experienced

in FY 2021-22 was unprecedented and we have not seen such

a steep inflation in the last four decades and the whole Supply

Chain was more stretched than ever. Amidst this challenging

environment, the entire team at Asian Paints has rallied in a

strong collaborative manner, standing true to the AP charter

promises and pushing forward the strategic intent being pursued

for each of our businesses.

Decorative business, India

It was another year of stellar performance in the Decorative

business in India making further inroads in the organised as

well as the unorganised part of the paint industry. We delivered

an industry beating revenue growth to further reinforce our

leadership position. This gain was on the back of a focused drive

to upgrade the ‘bottom-of-the-pyramid’ demand to the superior

‘value-for-money’ products from our stable and an equally sharp

focus to grow the premium and luxury bucket bringing out

unique and innovative value propositions in this segment.

Our Smartcare waterproofing business is one of the largest

and the best solution offered to the customers for their dream

homes and continued to grow in leaps and bounds. It is also

commendable that we had a phenomenal volume growth as

well indicative of the trend of the market leader expanding

the market.

We have been able to expand our retail presence across the

emerging cities and the ever growing smaller towns in a big

leap this year using allied delivery channels and upgrading

the retailing formats to meet the evolving demands of

our customers.

Our zeal to provide quality experience to our customers during

the painting process has resulted in a rapid expansion of the

Safe Painting Service which is now available in over large number

of towns across the country. This is an unparalleled world class

service proposition offering customers top-end delivery through

professional service providers using mechanised painting

implements. The Projects business segment catering to B2B

customers, continued to scale higher trajectory, expanding

presence across all categories of institutional customers. We

have now established ourselves as a ‘waterproofing expert’

of choice, giving us unique leverage to associate with large

institutional customers from an early stage of the project and

thereby capture a larger part of the project journey.

Home Décor Business

Over the last few years we have made clear our intent to evolve

from ‘share of surface’ to ‘share of space’ and our endeavours in

the Home Décor space are testament of this resolve. We have

adopted a comprehensive omnichannel approach to help us

realise this vision of being the preferred partner in the space of

Home Décor, empowering the customer to dream and partnering

the customer in making her dream home. The idea is to become

one of the best Home Décor providers in India, offering digital,

physical visualisation and execution for our customers. We have

now one of the most inspiring and cutting edge décor engine

‘www.beautifulhomes.com’ where customers come in large

numbers and find their inspiration to their dream Homes. In

order to ensure that customers get the best in Home Décor we

have been able to expand ‘Beautiful Home Stores’ to various

cities. We have now 29 stores and expanding these stores quite

rapidly. These one stop state-of-the-art Décor stores offer

almost everything related to Home Décor with a world class

phygital experience and an unparalleled inspiring consumer

journey. We also have a world class Home Décor execution

platform offering end to end personalised Home Décor. The

‘Beautiful Homes Service’ as it is called, offers customised

design and professional execution service handholding the

customer through her entire homemaking journey, and has

gained significant traction since we launched it last year. It

is now available in top 11 cities and we intend to expand it

beyond, magnifying our ability to partner with multitude of

our customers.

Our foray in the Bath and Kitchen space, has gained good

momentum in the last two years registering exceptional revenue

growth. We have looked at expanding this business significantly

with innovations at the premium luxury end in a strong manner.

More importantly to give credence to our Home Décor business,

we have been successful in delivering positive operating margins

over the last couple of quarters in both these segments. Kitchen

and bath categories remain as a key focus in the Home Décor

category given the huge potential of housing in India supported

by the Government as well.

Taking forward our ambitions in the wider Home Décor space,

we have recently entered into partnerships with ‘White Teak’

and ‘Weatherseal’, two established names in the Decorative

& designer lighting and uPVC windows & door systems space,

respectively. We had last year aligned with a fabric and furnishing

Brand ‘Pure’ which has now given us presence across the

country in the furnishing and Décor stores. These partnerships

tremendously enhance our ability to cater more comprehensively

to the Home Décor needs of our customers and we are excited

to leverage this potential further and make Home Décor a strong

part of our strategy complementing our coatings business.

Industrial business

The Industrial business, too delivered robust performance,

despite many challenges in the environment. It is good to

see that the business has been able to grow exponentially

in the last 2 years with good profitability despite the steep

inflationary trends. The automotive industrial coatings

business delivered good growth tackling the dual challenges

of uncertain automotive sector demand in a commendable

manner. At the same time, the non-automotive industry coatings

business delivered record growth with a spate of new customer

acquisitions and new product enhancements, continuously

striving to deliver higher value to its customers.

International business

The year has been extremely challenging for our International

business with multiple hurdles emerging during the year. At an

overall level we have been able to still report double digit value

growths led by price increases at an overall level. While multiple

Covid waves meant that the demand conditions remained

under stress in the initial part of the year, specific challenges in

key markets of Ethiopia, Egypt, Sri Lanka further derailed the

recovery. Despite these challenges, International business has

launched a slew of initiatives which are giving us the competitive

edge. The Safe Painting service has enabled us to create a strong

differentiator in the market place vis-à-vis the established

competition. Similarly, in most of our international markets, the

Waterproofing range introduction has seen a huge success and

has provided a strong impetus to the units to look for a rapid

growth trajectory as we move ahead. However, the inflationary

pressures coupled with significant currency devaluations across

some key markets have significantly dented the profitability of

the International business operations and this will clearly be a

key area to improve in the coming year.

Looking Beyond

The eventful last two years have bolstered our confidence in

our ability to treat each and every challenge as an opportunity

to evolve stronger in our journey to fulfil the aspirations of

our customers. Our customer-first approach and innovation

in products and services, is the source of this confidence and

provides us the energy to continuously push the boundaries to

deliver value that our customers cherish. As we look forward to

this new financial year, the customer confidence appears strong

despite the challenging inflation and geopolitical uncertainties.

We foresee a strong consumer demand and with normal

monsoons predicted we look forward to a good festival season

ahead. We at Asian Paints continue to be committed to our

stakeholders, igniting unlimited possibilities to take the Asian

Paints journey beyond – Beyond the current realms and into a

trajectory never seen before!

Warm regards,

Amit Syngle: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Malav Dani

Non-Executive Director

Leading the journey for

long-term success

Audit Committee

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Risk Management Committee

Investment Committee

Shareholders Committee^

C Chairperson

M Member

C

M

M

M

Manish Choksi

Vice-Chairman/ Non-Executive

Director

Deepak Satwalekar

Chairman/ Independent Director

M

M

M

M

M

M

M

M

M

M

M

M K Sharma*

Independent Director

C

M

Vibha Paul Rishi

Independent Director

M

C

R Seshasayee

Independent Director

C

C

M

*Retired as an Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. closure of

business hours on 31st March, 2022, upon completion of his tenure.

^ Dissolved w.e.f. 1st April, 2022.

** Appointed w.e.f. 21st October, 2021.

@Appointed w.e.f. 1st March, 2022.

Suresh Narayanan

Independent Director

C

M

Milind Sarwate**

Independent Director

M

Jigish Choksi

Non-Executive Director

Nehal Vakil@

Non-Executive Director

M

Pallavi Shroff

Independent Director

M

M

Board of Directors

Integrated Report 2021-22

12

Asian Paints at a Glance

ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED

13

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter

Gate 2

(Analytical test)

Analytical lab tests

critical parameters

Additional tests are

performed to ensure quality

and safety

Consistency check done

Material assessment for

Green Assure

Gate 3

(Product Approval)

Product testing

Failure mode analysis

Formulation release

to production

Vendor agreement on

test methods

Gate 4

(Performance Trial Lot)

Trial order released for the

new material

Central safety team

creates safety procedures

for handling

Product scaled up

Natural Capital

3,647 tonnes

Recycled content in plastic packaging in

FY 2021-22

1 Launched by CII, GreenPro is a mark of guarantee that the product which bears the GreenPro label is environment friendly throughout

its life cycle.

* GRI 301-2 Recycled Input Material used

Integrated Report 2021-22

68

Our Approach to Value Creation

69

ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

reports to the Board of Directors and is in charge of running

the Company’s operations, executing the business strategy in

consultation with the Board and achieving annual and long-

term business goals.

Board committees

Various committees assist the Board in discharging

its duties and responsibilities although the ultimate

responsibility rests with the Board. The committees report

to the Board on their activities on periodic basis and the

minutes of the committee meetings are provided to all

Board members. Our Board committees are:

y Audit Committee

y Nomination and Remuneration Committee

y Stakeholders Relationship Committee

y Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

y Risk Management Committee

y Investment Committee

Diverse expertise

The Board of Asian Paints brings together a wealth of knowledge, perspective, professionalism, diverse thinking and

experience. Our Board members have a deep understanding of the business environment, risk, governance, technical,

financial and non-financial matters.

Skills/Expertise/Competence

Name of Directors

Sales and Marketing

experience

International

business experience

General management

and leadership

Financial and risk

management skills

Technical, professional skills

and knowledge including

legal, governance and

regulatory aspects

Deepak Satwalekar

Manish Choksi

Amit Syngle

Ashwin Dani

Malav Dani

Amrita Vakil

Jigish Choksi

Nehal Vakil

Pallavi Shroff

M.K. Sharma*

Vibha Paul Rishi

R Seshasayee

Suresh Narayanan

Milind Sarwate

Board experience

Board age profile*

Board diversity#

21-30 years

Male

30-50 years

>50 years

> 30 years

Female

33%

71%

71%

67%

29%

29%

Time spent during the year on Board discussions

Particulars

Board (%)

Strategy

33.5

Financial and business performance review

26.1

Operational and functional

9.3

People and organisational

14.2

Governance and risk management

16.9

* Retired from the Company, w.e.f. close of business hours on 31st March, 2022 upon completion of his tenure as an Independent Director.

*The Company does not have any directors in the age group of <30 years.

Management

Board of

Directors

Board

Committees

# GRI 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies

Integrated Report 2021-22

86

Our Approach to Value Creation

87

ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(CEO) of the Company and pass the following

resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the:

a.

provisions of Sections 149, 196, 197, 198, 203,

Schedule V and other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)

read with the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules,

2014 and Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any

statutory modification(s) and/or re-enactment(s)

thereof for the time being in force),

b.

Articles of Association of the Company,

c.

Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the

Company, and based on the recommendations of

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee,

Audit Committee and the Board of Directors

of the Company,

approval of the shareholders be and is hereby

accorded to the re – appointment of Mr. Amit

Syngle (DIN: 07232566) as the: Managing

Letter, etc.

authorising them to attend the AGM, by email to

investor.relations@asianpaints.com.

Process for dispatch of Annual Report and registration

of email id for obtaining copy of Annual Report

5.

In compliance with the aforementioned Circulars,

Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report

for the financial year 2021-22 is being sent only

through electronic mode to those members whose

email addresses are registered with the Company/

Depository Participants (DPs).

In case any member is desirous of obtaining

physical copy of the Annual Report for the

financial year 2021-22 and Notice of the

76th AGM of the Company, he/she may send

a request to the Company by writing

at investor.relations@asianpaints.com or

TSR Consultants Private Limited (TSR),

Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agents

at csg-annualreports@tcplindia.co.in,

mentioning their DP ID and Client ID/folio no.

Members may note that the Notice and the Annual

Report for the financial year 2021-22 will

also be available on the Company’s website at

www.asianpaints.com, websites of the

Stock Exchanges on which the equity shares

of the Company are listed i.e. BSE Limited

(www.bseindia.com) and National Stock Exchange of

India Limited (www.nseindia.com), and on the website

of National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) at

www.evoting.nsdl.com.

6.

Process for registration of email addresses for

obtaining Notice of the AGM along with the Annual

Report for the financial year 2021-22:

If your email address is not registered with the DPs

(if shares held in electronic form)/ Company (if shares

held in physical form), you may register on or before

5.00 p.m. (IST) on Monday, 20th June, 2022 to receive

the Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report

for the financial year 2021-22 by completing the

process as under:

a.

Visit the link https://tcpl.linkintime.co.in/

EmailReg/Email_Register.html.

b.

Select the name of the Company ‘Asian Paints

Limited’ from dropdown.

c.

Enter details in respective fields such as DP ID

and Client ID (if shares held in electronic form)/

folio no. and certificate no. (if shares held in

physical form), Shareholder name, PAN, mobile

no. and email id.

d.

Click on continue button. System will send

One Time Password ("OTP") on the mobile

no. and email id.

e.

Click on verify OTP.

f.

Enter OTP received on mobile no. and email id.

g.

Click on submit button.

h.

System will then confirm the registration of

the email address for receiving Notice of the

AGM along with the Annual Report for the

financial year 2021-22.

7.

Shareholders holding shares in physical mode can also

register/update their email address by sending a duly

signed request: letter including their name and folio

no. to TSR at C-101, 1st Floor, 247 Park, Lal Bahadur

Shastri Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400 083.

Shareholders holding shares in dematerialised form

are requested to register/update their email address

with their respective DPs.

8.

Members seeking any information with regard

to any matter to be placed at the AGM, are

requested to write to the Company at

investor.relations@asianpaints.com.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Letter by clicking on ‘Upload

Board Resolution/Authority: Letter’ displayed under

‘e-Voting’ tab on this screen or send a scanned copy

(PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/

Authority Letter, etc. with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorised signatory(ies)

who are authorised to vote, to the Scrutinizer at

asianpaints.scrutinizer@asianpaints.com with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login to

the e-Voting website will be disabled upon five

unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password.

In such an event, you will need to go through the

‘Forgot User Details/Password?’ or ‘Physical

User Reset Password?’ option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries for e-Voting, you may refer

the Frequently Asked Questions ("FAQs") for

shareholders and e-Voting user manual for

shareholders available at the download section

of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free nos.:

1800-1020-990 and 1800-224-430 or send a request

to Mr. Amit Vishal, Assistant Vice President, NSDL

or Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager, NSDL at

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

e.

Members who have cast their votes by remote

e-Voting prior to the AGM may also attend/

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter to TSR mentioning the name, folio no., bank

details, self-attested PAN card and original cancelled

cheque leaf. In case of absence of name of the first

Shareholder on the original cancelled cheque or

initials on the cheque, bank attested copy of first page

of the Bank Passbook/Statement of Account along

with the original cancelled cheque shall be provided.

24. In case the Company is unable to pay the dividend

to any Shareholder by the electronic mode, due to

non-availability of the details of the bank account, the

Company shall dispatch the dividend warrants to such

Shareholder by post.

25. As per the Income Tax Act, 1961 (“IT Act”), dividends

paid or distributed by the Company after 1st April,

2020, shall be taxable in the hands of the shareholders

and the Company shall be required to deduct tax at

source (TDS) at the prescribed rates from the dividend

to be paid to the shareholders, subject to approval of

shareholders in the ensuing AGM. For the prescribed

rates for various categories, please refer to the

Finance Act, 2020 and the amendments thereof.

A separate email communication was sent to the

shareholders on Friday, 20th May, 2022, informing the

relevant procedure to be adopted by them/documents

to be submitted for availing the applicable tax rate.

The said communication and draft of the

exemption forms and other documents are available

on the Company's website at https://www.

asianpaints.com/TDSExemptionForms.html.

The resident and non-resident

shareholders should send the scanned copies

of the requisite documents to TSR at

csg5-exemptforms2223@tcplindia.co.in on or

before Friday, 17th June, 2022 to enable the

Company to determine the appropriate TDS/

withholding tax rate, as may be applicable. The

resident individual shareholders also have an option

to upload the exemption documents directly at

https://tcpl.linkintime.co.in/formsreg/submission-of-

form-15g-15h.html.

26. Transfer of Unclaimed Dividend Amounts to the

Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF):

a.

Pursuant to the Act read with the Investor

Education and Protection Fund Authority

(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules,

2016 (“IEPF Rules”), dividends that are unpaid

or unclaimed for a period of 7 (seven) years

from the date of their transfer are required

to be transferred by the Company to the IEPF,

administered by the Central Government.

Further, according to the said IEPF Rules, shares

in respect of which dividend has not been claimed

by the shareholders for 7 (seven) consecutive

years or more shall also be transferred to the

demat account of the IEPF Authority.

b.

During the financial year 2021-22, the Company

has transferred to IEPF, the following unclaimed

dividends and corresponding shares thereto:

Particulars

Amount of

Dividend

(in `)

No. of

shares

Final Dividend 2013-14

85,24,804

72,160

Interim Dividend 2014-15

48,73,479

97,077

Total

1,33,98,283

1,69,237

c.

The dividend amount and shares transferred

to the IEPF can be claimed by the concerned

members from the IEPF Authority

after complying with the procedure

prescribed under the IEPF Rules. The details

of the unclaimed dividends are also

available on the Company’s website at

https://www.asianpaints.com/IEPF.html and

the said details have also been uploaded on the

website of the IEPF Authority and the same can

be accessed through the link www.iepf.gov.in.

Others

27. In case of any change in relation to the name,

registered address, email id, mobile no., PAN,

bank details such as, name of the bank and branch

details, bank account number, MICR code, IFSC code,

nomination, power of attorney, etc., the members are

required to intimate the same:

a.

for shares held in electronic form: to their

respective DP; and

b.

for shares held in physical form: to the Company/

TSR in prescribed Form No. ISR-1 and other forms

pursuant to SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/

MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655 dated

3rd November, 2021.

Further, the Company has sent letters to the members

holding shares in physical form to furnish the above-

mentioned details which are not registered in their

respective folio no(s).

28. SEBI vide its Circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_

RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated 25th January, 2022 has

mandated the listed companies to issue

securities in dematerialised form only while

processing certain prescribed service requests.

Accordingly, the members are requested to make

service request by submitting a duly filled and signed

Form No. ISR-4, the format of which is available on

the Company’s website at https://www.asianpaints.

com/ShareholderServiceRequest.html and on the

website of TSR at www.tcplindia.co.in. Members are

requested to note that any service request would only

be processed after the folio is KYC Compliant.

29. SEBI vide its notification dated 24th January, 2022 has

mandated that all requests for transfer of securities

including transmission and transposition requests

shall be processed only in dematerialised form. In

view of the same and to eliminate all risks associated

with physical shares and avail various benefits of

dematerialisation, the members are advised to

dematerialise their holdings.

30. In accordance with the provisions of Section 72 of the

Act and SEBI circulars, the facility for nomination is

available for the members of the Company in respect

of the shares held by them. Members who have not

yet registered their nomination are requested to

register the same by submitting the Form No. SH-13.

If a Member desires to opt out or cancel the earlier

nomination and record a fresh nomination, he/she

may submit the same in Form No. ISR-3 or Form

No. SH-14, as the case may be. The said forms are

available on the Company's website at https://www.

asianpaints.com/ShareholderServiceRequest.html.

Members are requested to submit the said details

to their respective DP, in case the shares are held by

them in dematerialised form and to the Company/TSR,

in case the shares are held by them in physical form.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of the Company for a

period of 3 (three) years commencing from 1st April, 2020

to 31st March, 2023.

Further, at the seventy-fifth AGM of the Company held

on 29th June, 2021, the members had accorded their

approval to grant equity stock options to Mr. Amit Syngle

under the Asian Paints Employee Stock Option Plan

2021 ("2021 Plan").

In accordance with the provisions of Sections 149, 196, 197,

198, 203, Schedule V and other applicable provisions, if

any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014, Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) (including any

statutory modification(s) and/or re-enactment(s) thereof

for the time being in force), and the Articles of Association

of the Company, the Board of Directors, based on the

recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and Audit Committee, and subject to the

approval of the members, approved the re – appointment

of Mr. Amit Syngle as the: Managing

Managing Director of the Hitech

Corporation Limited since 2011.

Mr. Dani is currently the Chairman of Indian

American International Chamber of Commerce

(IAICC) International Board, working with the

vision to promote economic development by

fostering bilateral trade and investment globally.

Thus, further strengthening the bilateral relations

between the two countries and with the rest of

the world.

He was the Chairman of Young Leaders Forum

Committee of Indian Merchants Chamber from

2009-2013. During his tenure, Mr. Dani was

felicitated by Mr. Narendra Modi in 2010. He

was also appointed as the Chairman of Ease of

Doing Business Committee of Indian Merchants

Chamber from 2015-2018 where he had an

opportunity to present the Roadmap for India

to improve its Ease of Doing Business ranking to

the Joint Parliamentary Standing Committee on

Commerce of Rajya Sabha.

Mr. Dani made a presentation on World Peace to

American Council of Young Political Leaders, an

initiative of the Trump administration. In line with

his core beliefs, he delivered a presentation on

Compassionate Capitalism at the Ernst & Young

CXO Roundtable event, Silicon Valley, USA in

2016 on a new form of capitalism that holds the

potential for improving corporate performance

while simultaneously advancing the quality of life.

He is a recipient of the ‘Yuva Icon Award’

presented by Dr. A.P.J Abdul Kalam. He received

the 'Business Excellence and Innovative Best

Practices Award' from Dr. Pranab Mukherjee.

Mr. Manish Choksi holds a Bachelor of

Chemical Engineering degree from University

of Houston, USA and an MBA (Master of

Business Administration) with specialisation

in Entrepreneurial Management and MIS from

University of Houston, USA.

He joined Asian Paints Limited in the year

1992 as an Executive and has grown in ranks

by holding various positions across Sales,

Information Technology, Supply Chain,

Chemicals, International Business and HR

functions of the Company.

Before being inducted as the Non-Executive

Director on the Board of Directors of the

Company in the year 2018, he held the position

of President-International Business, IT, HR and

Chemicals. He was a member of the Executive

Council of Asian Paints Group and reported

to the then: Managing Director & CEO of the

Company. Mr. Manish Choksi spearheaded

the Information Technology function of

the Company and has been instrumental in

leveraging IT solutions across the extended

enterprise and achieving improved business

performance.

He was also the head of the International

Business of the Company and has led the

Company’s efforts in expansion of its emerging

markets portfolio. He has been a catalyst for

the Company’s foray into Home Improvement

businesses. Mr. Manish Choksi has significantly

contributed in achieving the Company’s growth

plans and more particularly in the critical

areas of implementation of Supply Chain

Management solutions. He played an active role

in restructuring the Joint Venture companies of

the Company with PPG Industries Inc., USA.

Mr. Manish Choksi has been a leader in the

IT community and the past

Managing Director & CEO of the Company w.e.f. 1st April, 2020. Post

taking over, he has propelled the brand from a zone of having ‘share of surface’ to a ‘share of

space’ in homes bringing home décor categories like Furniture, Lighting, Fabrics and Furnishing

into play.

He has been a fast tracker and has been responsible for propelling the Asian Paints brand into a

league of its own and has been the principal force for heralding the brand in the home space. He

has initiated a lot of new initiatives and innovation platforms to grow the business over the last

decade which has catapulted the Company into exponential growths over the last 20 years. He is

closely associated with colour, décor and design and is the ‘Gamechanger’ for bringing Colour &

Retailing into the AP strategy. He is also a member of the Colour Marketing Group, USA and has

been honoured with various awards by the Indian and International Marketing fraternity.

Expertise in specific functional

areas

All functions of the Company including Sales & Marketing, International Business, Research &

Technology, Strategy, Supply Chain Management, General Management and other technical

skills.

Date of first appointment on the

Board

1st April, 2020

Shareholding in the Company as

on the date of Notice (self and

beneficial basis)

600 shares of the face value of ` 1 each (0.00%)

Terms and conditions of

appointment/re-appointment

As mentioned in the Notice and explanatory statement thereto

Details of remuneration last drawn

(Financial Year 2021-22)

` 13,75,13,890*

[* The remuneration paid to Mr. Amit Syngle,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

The Board of Directors at their meeting held

on 10th May, 2022, subject to approval of the

shareholders, approved the re-appointment of

Mr. Amit Syngle (DIN: 07232566) as the Managing

Director & CEO of the Company for a further

period of 5 (five) years commencing from

1st April, 2023 to 31st March, 2028.

Appropriate resolution for re-appointment

of Mr. Amit Syngle as the: Managing Director

& CEO of the Company is being placed for the

approval of the shareholders of the Company

at the ensuing AGM. The Board of Directors,

Nomination and Remuneration Committee and

Audit Committee of the Company recommends

his re-appointment as the Managing Director &

CEO of the Company.

v.

Retirement by rotation and subsequent

re-appointment

In accordance with the provisions of Section 152

and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act

and the Articles of Association of the Company,

Mr. Malav Dani (DIN: 01184336) and Mr. Manish

Choksi (DIN:00026496), Non-Executive Directors

of the Company, are liable to retire by rotation at

the ensuing AGM and being eligible have offered

themselves for re-appointment.

The Managing Director & CEO and Independent

Directors of the Company are not liable to

retire by rotation.

Key Managerial Personnel

Mr. Amit Syngle, Managing Director & CEO, and

Mr. R J Jeyamurugan, CFO & Company Secretary, are the

Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

During the year under review, there were no changes to

the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

Pursuant to Section 134 of the Act (including any statutory

modification(s) and/or re-enactment(s) thereofnfor the

time being in force), the Directors of the Company

state that:

i.

in the preparation of the annual accounts for the

financial year ended 31st March, 2022, the applicable

Accounting Standards have been followed and there

are no material departures from the same;

("SEBI SBEB Regulations"), has been uploaded on the

website of the Company at

https://www.asianpaints.com/AnnualReports.html.

The 2021 Plan is being implemented in accordance with the

provisions of the Act and SEBI SBEB Regulations.

The details of the stock options granted under the

2021 Plan and the disclosures in compliance with SEBI

SBEB Regulations and Section 62(1)(b) of the Act read

with Rule 12(9) of the Companies (Share Capital and

Debentures) Rules, 2014 are set out in Annexure (A)

and are available on the website of the Company at

https://www.asianpaints.com/AnnualReports.html.

DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

Board of Directors

Sad Demise of Mr. Abhay Vakil, erstwhile Non-Executive

Director of the Company

Mr. Abhay Vakil, erstwhile Non-Executive Director of the

Company, left for heavenly abode on 2nd November, 2021.

Late Mr. Abhay Vakil was associated with the Company

since 1974. He was the Whole-time Director of the

Company from 1983 to 1998 and he held the position of

Managing Director from 1998 to 2009. He was appointed as

a Non-Executive Director of the Company in 2009.

During his tenure as the Managing Director of the

Company, late Mr. Vakil was overseeing the Company’s

decorative business and was in charge of the supply chain/

sales and marketing functions of the decorative business.

His sad demise is an irreparable loss to the Company.

The Board of Directors of the Company express their

deep condolences and pay tribute to late Mr. Abhay Vakil.

The Board places on record profound appreciation for

his valuable contribution for channelising the growth

of the Company.

Change in Directorate

i.

Retirement of Independent Directors

Dr. S. Sivaram (DIN: 00009900) and Mr. M. K. Sharma

(DIN: 00327684) retired as an Independent Director(s)

of the Company with effect from closure of business

hours on 30th September, 2021 and 31st March, 2022,

respectively, upon completion of their tenure as

Independent Directors in terms of Section 149(11)

of the Act.

Dr. S. Sivaram joined the Board as an Independent

Director in the year 2001 and since then the Company

has immensely benefitted from his guidance in the

areas of technology, governance, risk management,

etc. The Board places on record appreciation for his

thoroughness, dedication and commitment.

Mr. M. K. Sharma joined the Board as an Independent

Director in the year 2012. The Board places on record

appreciation for the outstanding contribution of

Mr. M. K. Sharma during his tenure as an Independent

Director of the Company. As the

Managing Director & CEO, the

Chief Financial Officer, the Audit Committee, the Risk

Management Committee, and the Board.

Mitigation plans to significant risks are well integrated

with functional and business plans and are reviewed on a

regular basis by the senior leadership.

The Company endeavours to continually sharpen its risk

management systems and processes in line with a rapidly

changing business environment. There are no risks which

in the opinion of the Board threaten the existence of the

Company. However, some of the risks which may pose

challenges are set out in the Management Discussion and

Analysis which forms part of this Annual Report.

The Board of Directors of the Company on the

recommendation of the Risk Management Committee

has developed Risk Management Policy for the Company

including identification therein of elements of risk, if

any, which in the opinion of the Board may threaten the

existence of the Company and which articulates the

Company’s approach to address the uncertainties in its

endeavour to achieve its stated and implicit objectives.

The Risk Management Policy of the Company is available

on the website of the Company at

https://www.asianpaints.com/RMPolicy.html.

VIGIL MECHANISM

The Company promotes ethical behaviour in all its business

activities and in line with the best governance practices.

The Company has a robust vigil mechanism through its

Whistle Blower Policy approved and adopted by Board

of Directors of the Company in compliance with the

provisions of Section 177(10) of the Act and Regulation

22 of the Listing Regulations.

The Company has engaged an agency for managing the

’Ethics Hotline’ which can be used to, inter alia, report

any instances of financial irregularities, breach of code

of conduct, abuse of authority, disclosure of financial/

unpublished price sensitive information other than for

legitimate purposes, unethical/unfair actions concerning

Company vendors/suppliers, malafide manipulation of

Company records, discrimination to the Code of Conduct in

an anonymous manner.

The Policy also provides adequate protection to the

Directors, employees and business associates who report

unethical practices and irregularities.

Any incidents that are reported are investigated

and suitable action is taken in line with the Whistle

Blower Policy.

The Whistle-Blower Policy aims to:

•

allow and encourage stakeholders to bring to the

management’s notice concerns about unethical

behavior;

•

ensure timely and consistent organisational response;

•

build and strengthen a culture of transparency

and trust; and

•

provide protection against victimisation.

No person was denied access to the Audit Committee.

The Whistle Blower Policy has been appropriately

communicated within the Company across all levels

and is available on the website of the Company at

https://www.asianpaints.com/WBPolicy.html.

POLICY ON PREVENTION OF SEXUAL

HARASSMENT AT WORKPLACE

As per the requirements of the Sexual Harassment

of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013 (“Prevention of Sexual Harassment

Act”), the Company has formulated a Policy on Prevention

of Sexual Harassment at Workplace for prevention,

prohibition and redressal of sexual harassment at

workplace and an Internal Complaints Committee has also

been set up to redress any such complaints received.

The Company is committed to providing a safe and

conducive work environment to all of its employees

and associates.

COMMITTEES

As on 31st March, 2022, the Board has 7 (seven)

Committees: Audit Committee, Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee, Risk Management Committee, Stakeholders

Relationship Committee, Investment Committee and

Shareholders Committee.

The Board of Directors of the Company have dissolved the

Shareholders Committee and the terms of reference of the

said Committee have been merged with the Stakeholders

Relationship Committee. The said changes were effective

from 1st April, 2022.

During the year, all recommendations of the Committees

of the Board which were mandatorily required have been

accepted by the Board.

A detailed note on the composition of the Board and its

Committees, including its terms of reference is provided

in the Corporate Governance Report. The composition and

terms of reference of all the Committees of the Board of

Directors of the Company is in line with the provisions of

the Act and the Listing Regulations.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)

During the financial year 2021-22, the Company has spent

` 71.01 crores (Rupees seventy-one crores and one lakh

only) towards CSR expenditure. The CSR initiatives of

the Company were under the thrust area of health &

hygiene, enhancing vocational skills, water conservation

and disaster management. The CSR Policy of the

Company is available on the website of the Company at

https://www.asianpaints.com/CSRPolicy.html.

The Company’s CSR Policy statement and annual report

on the CSR activities undertaken during the financial

year ended 31st March, 2022, in accordance with Section

135 of the Act and the Companies (Corporate Social

Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 ("CSR Rules") is set out in

Annexure (D) to this Report.

Synopsis of the report of the independent agency for the

CSR projects to which impact assessment is applicable in

terms of the provisions of Section 135 of the Act and CSR

Rules, has been annexed to the said annual report on CSR.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT AND

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY

REPORT

In compliance with Regulation 34 of the Listing

Regulations, a separate report on Corporate Governance

and the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report,

forms part of this Annual Report.

ANNUAL RETURN

The Annual Return of the Company as on 31st March, 2022

in Form MGT-7 in accordance with Section 92(3) of the Act

read with the Companies (Management and Administration)

Rules, 2014, is available on the website of the Company at

https://www.asianpaints.com/AnnualReports.html.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

All transactions with related parties were reviewed and

approved by the Audit Committee and were in accordance

with the Policy on dealing with and materiality of related

party transactions and the related party framework,

formulated and adopted by the Company.

The SEBI vide amendments to the Listing Regulations

had introduced substantial changes in the related

party transaction framework, inter alia, by enhancing

the purview of the definition of related party, and

overall scope of transactions with related parties

effective 1st April, 2022 or unless otherwise specified

in the amendment.

The Board of Directors on recommendations of the Audit

Committee approved the revised ‘Policy on dealing with

and materiality of related party transactions’ and related

party framework of the Company to align it with the

amendments notified by SEBI.

All contracts/arrangements/transactions entered into by

the Company during the year under review with related

parties were in the ordinary course of business and on

arm’s length basis in terms of provisions of the Act.

Further, there are no contracts or arrangements entered

into under Section 188(1) of the Act, hence no justification

have been separately provided in that regard.

The Company’s Policy on dealing with and materiality of

related party transactions is available on the website of the

Company at https://www.asianpaints.com/RPTPolicy.html.

There are no materially significant related party

transactions that may have potential conflict with interest

of the Company at large. There were no transactions of

the Company with any person or entity belonging to the

Promoter(s)/Promoter(s) Group which individually holds

10% or more shareholding in the Company.

The details of the related party transactions as per Indian

Accounting Standards (IND AS) - 24 are set out in Note 41

to the standalone financial statements of the Company.

The Company in terms of Regulation 23 of the Listing

Regulations submits within the stipulated time from the

date of publication of its standalone and consolidated

financial results for the half year, disclosures of

related party transactions on a consolidated basis,

in the format specified in the relevant accounting

standards to the stock exchanges. The said disclosures

are available on the website of the Company at

https://www.asianpaints.com/StatutoryFilings.html.

Form AOC-2 pursuant to Section 134(3)(h) of the Act read

with Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is

set out in Annexure (E) to this Report.

LOANS AND INVESTMENTS

Details of loans, guarantees and investments under

the provisions of Section 186 of the Act read with the

Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014,

as on 31st March, 2022, are set out in Note 47(C) to the

standalone financial statements of the Company.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company has not

received any remuneration or commission from any

of the subsidiary companies. Further the Company

doesn’t have any holding company;

xiii None of the Auditors of the Company have reported

any fraud as specified under the second proviso of

Section 143(12) of the Act;

xiv. The information on conservation of energy,

technology absorption and foreign exchange earnings

and outgo as stipulated under Section 134 of the Act

read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, is set

out in the Annexure (F) to this Report;

xv. Company has not issued equity shares with

differential rights as to dividend, voting or otherwise;

xvi. The Company has not issued any sweat equity shares

to its directors or employees;

xvii. There was no revision of financial statements

and Board’s Report of the Company during the

year under review;

xviii. No application has been made under the Insolvency

and Bankruptcy Code; hence the requirement to

disclose the details of application made or any

proceeding pending under the Insolvency and

Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (31 of 2016) during the year

along with their status as at the end of the financial

year is not applicable; and

xix. The requirement to disclose the details of difference

between amount of the valuation done at the time

of onetime settlement and the valuation done while

taking loan from the Banks or Financial Institutions

along with the reasons thereof, is not applicable.

APPRECIATION

The Board of Directors place on record sincere gratitude

and appreciation for all the employees of the Company.

Our consistent growth was made possible by their

hard work, solidarity, cooperation, and dedication

during the year.

The Board conveys its appreciation for its customers,

shareholders, suppliers as well as vendors, bankers,

business associates, regulatory and government

authorities for their continued support.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Deepak Satwalekar

Chairman

(DIN: 00009627)

Place: Mumbai

Date: 10th May, 2022

The Company periodically conducts sessions for employees

across the organisation to build awareness about

the Policy and the provisions of Prevention of Sexual

Harassment Act.

Complaints of sexual harassment received during the

financial year 2021-22 by the Company were investigated in

accordance with the procedures prescribed and adequate

steps were taken to resolve them.

The policy formulated by the Company for prevention

of sexual harassment is available on the website of the

Comany at https://www.asianpaints.com/POSHPolicy.html.

INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS RELATED TO

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company has adequate Internal Financial Controls

System over financial reporting which ensures that all

transactions are authorised, recorded, and reported

correctly in a timely manner. The Company’s Internal

Financial Controls over financial reporting provides

reasonable assurance over the integrity of financial

statements of the Company.

The Company has laid down Standard Operating

Procedures, Policies and Authority/Commercial Manual

to guide the operations of the business. Functional heads

are responsible to ensure compliance with all laws and

regulations and also with the policies and procedures laid

down by the management.

The Corporate Accounts team has undertaken advanced

digitalisation and automation initiatives in the current

year. System based reports and automated accounting for

various areas in financial statements have contributed to

better accuracy and faster financial reporting. Further, the

financial statement preparation has been automated to

ensure end to end system driven reporting across Group

reducing scope of manual errors. Such initiatives would be

continued in the coming year as well.

The Shared Services Center continued the journey

of digitalisation and touchless processing of vendor

payments taking it to next level. Virtual Assistant for

Processing Invoices, on the fly intelligence tool, has been

deployed for better compliances to laws & regulation.

A mobile application has been developed for employee

reimbursement with Optical Character Recognition

enabled technology easing the process of raising claims

as well as automating necessary controls for seamless

processing. Car hiring process has been digitalised

automating the entire process from booking a request

to invoice processing along with tracking of distances

travelled and time involved.

The Company tracks all amendments to Accounting

Standards, the Act and makes changes to the underlying

systems, processes and financial controls to ensure

adherence to the same. During the current year, the

Company assessed impact of changes in Schedule III

under the Act and Accounting Standards on its financial

reporting and accordingly made necessary changes in its

policies, processes and disclosures. All resultant changes

to the policy and impact on financials are disclosed

after due validation with the statutory auditors and the

Audit Committee.

During the year, the Company has prepared Risk

Assessment and Control Matrix for all processes involved

in financial reporting and was tested for design and

operating effectiveness.

The Company gets its standalone financial statements

audited every quarter by its Statutory Auditors. The

policies to ensure uniform accounting treatment

are prescribed to the subsidiary companies as well.

International subsidiaries provide information required for

consolidation of accounts in the format prescribed by the

Company. The accounts of the subsidiary and joint venture

companies are audited and certified by their respective

Statutory Auditors for consolidation.

OTHER DISCLOSURES

i.

Unclaimed Dividend

In terms of applicable provisions of the Act read

with the Investor Education and Protection Fund

Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund)

Rules, 2016 (“the IEPF Rules”), during the year under

review, unpaid or unclaimed dividend amounting to

` 1.34 crores (Rupees one crores and thirty-four lakhs

only) was transferred by the Company to the Investor

Education and Protection Fund (“IEPF”), established

by the Government of India.

Further, 1,69,237 (One lakh sixty-nine thousand two

hundred and thirty-seven) shares were transferred

to the demat account of the IEPF Authority during

the year, in accordance with the IEPF Rules, as the

dividend(s) has not been paid or claimed by the

shareholders for 7 (seven) consecutive years or more;

ii.

None of the Directors of the Company have resigned

during the year under review;

iii.

The Company has not failed to implement any

corporate action during the year under review;

iv.

The disclosure pertaining to explanation for any

deviation or variation in connection with certain terms

of a public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc. is

not applicable to the Company;

v.

The Company’s securities were not suspended during

the year under review;

vi.

There are no material changes and commitments

affecting the financial position of the Company which

have occurred between the end of the financial year

2021-22 and the date of this Report.

An overview of the paint industry, important changes

in the paint industry during the last financial year,

external environment, and economic outlook have

been provided in detail in the separate section of

Management Discussion and Analysis forming part of

this Annual Report;

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

14,660

14,660^

-

29,320

5.

Ashish Rae

Associate Vice President – Home Improvement

1,310

1,900

-

3,210

6.

Harish Lade

Vice President – Supply Chain

2,850

2,450

-

5,300

7.

Hiral Kumar Raja

Associate Vice President – Accounts, SSC &

Taxation

840

1,433

36

2,309

8.

Jitendra Kalra

Director at Asian Paints Industrial Coatings

Limited, wholly owned subsidiary company

CEO – Asian Paints PPG Private Limited, joint

venture company

3,920

2,450

-

6,370

9.

Joseph Eapen

Associate Vice President – Asian Paints

International Private Limited, wholly owned

subsidiary company

1,310

1,116

60

2,486

10.

Pragyan Kumar

Chief Executive – Asian Paints International

Private Limited, wholly owned subsidiary

company

2,850

2,450

59

5,359

11.

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

2,850

2,450

-

5,300

12.

Rahul Bhatnagar

President – Project Sales, R&T and Industrial

JVs

3,920

2,450

-

6,370

13.

Rajeev Kumar Goel

Vice President – Technology

2,850

2,450

-

5,300

14.

Sameer Salvi

Associate Vice President – Mantech, Strategy &

New Businesses

2,140

1,900

-

4,040

15.

Savitha Shivsankar

Chief Human Resources Officer

-

-

703

703

16.

Shyam Swamy

Associate Vice President – Home Improvement,

Décor, Services & Retailing

1,724

1,900

-

3,624

17.

Sumit Midha

Vice President – Retail Sales, Commercial &

Marketing

2,970

1,900

53

4,923

# This is a provisional grant for the financial year 2021-22 and basis satisfaction of performance condition of vesting, supplementary stock options

will be granted.

$ Additional grants issued on account of promotions and appointments made during the financial year 2021-22, in accordance with 2021 Plan.

^ Indicates provisional grant of stock options. The actual number of stock options will be finalised by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

post approval and adoption of the financial statement for the financial year 2021-22 by the shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting of

the Company.

Note:

The exercise price of Grants 1 & 2 is ` 1,518.70 and Grant 3 is ` 1,632.53 per stock option. The exercise price of stock options granted to eligible

employees is at 50% of the "Reference Share Price" of the Company, as defined under the 2021 Plan.

Annexure (A) to Board’s Report (Contd.)

Annexure 1

a)

Details of stock options granted:

Particulars

Grant 1

Grant 2

Grant 3

Grant Date

16th August, 2021

16th August, 2021

10th February, 2022

Vesting Date

31st March, 2024

31st March, 2025

31st March, 2025

Fair Value at Grant Date (`)

1,685.13

1,752.87

1,884.83

Exercise Price (`)*

1,518.70

1,518.70

1,632.53

Options outstanding at the beginning of the year

-

-

-

Options granted during the year

1,10,514

1,16,022

4,425

Options exercised during the year

-

-

-

Options forfeited during the year

-

-

-

Options lapsed during the year

2,160

2,718

-

Balance as at year end

1,08,354

1,13,304

4,425

Exercisable at period end

-

-

-

Weighted Average remaining contractual life (years)

3

4

4

* Represents weighted average exercise price for respective option series towards all the movements including opening and closing

outstanding options.

b) Fair Value of Stock Options granted:

Fair Value of Stock Options was calculated using the Black Scholes Model. The key assumptions used for calculating

the option fair value are as follows:

Grant date

Risk free

interest rate

Expected life

Expected

volatility

Dividend yield

Market price

at the time of

grant of

the option (`)

Exercise

price

Assumptions

Zero Coupon

Sovereign Bond

Interest Rate

equivalent for

option life

Tenure to vesting of

option and half of

exercise period assuming

even exercise of shares

during exercise period

Based on daily

volatility for

period equivalent

for option life

Dividend yield

is calculated as

dividend paid in

last FY divided by

current share price

50% of

Reference

Share Price

16th August, 2021

5.07%

3.12 years

34.67%

0.60%

2,987.55

1,518.70

16th August, 2021

5.50%

4.12 years

32.17%

0.60%

2,987.55

1,518.70

10th February, 2022

5.57%

3.63 years

33.93%

0.55%

3,228.35

1,632.53

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

13,75,13,890

129.06

32.02

6.

Malav Dani

Non-Executive Director

49,50,000

4.65

19.85

7.

Amrita Vakil

Non-Executive Director

45,50,000

4.27

14.90

8.

Jigish Choksi

Non-Executive Director

44,30,000

4.16

15.36

9.

Nehal Vakil$

Non-Executive Director

6,85,000

0.64

**

10.

S. Sivaram^

Independent Director

21,30,000

2.00

**

11.

M. K. Sharma#

Independent Director

60,80,000

5.71

24.34

12.

Vibha Paul Rishi

Independent Director

47,70,000

4.48

18.66

13.

R. Seshasayee

Independent Director

57,80,000

5.42

28.73

14.

Suresh Narayanan

Independent Director

54,30,000

5.10

20.94

15.

Pallavi Shroff

Independent Director

44,50,000

4.18

18.67

16.

Milind Sarwate%

Independent Director

22,60,000

2.12

**

17.

R J Jeyamurugan***

CFO & Company Secretary

3,05,82,078

28.70

18.64

< Mr. Deepak Satwalekar was appointed as Chairman of the Company with effect from 30th June, 2021.

~ Mr. Ashwin Dani ceased to be the Chairman of the Company with effect from closure of business hours on 29th June, 2021.

* Mr. Abhay Vakil passed away on 2nd November, 2021.

$ Ms. Nehal Vakil was appointed as a Non-Executive Director on 1st March, 2022.

^ Dr. S. Sivaram retired as an Independent Director with effect from closure of business hours on 30th September, 2021 upon completion of his

term in terms of Section 149(10) of the Act.

# Mr. M. K. Sharma retired as an Independent Director with effect from closure of business hours on 31st March, 2022 upon completion of his

term in terms of Section 149(10) of the Act.

% Mr. Milind Sarwate was appointed as an Independent Director with effect from 21st October, 2021.

Notes:

1.

The aforesaid details are calculated on the basis of remuneration for the financial year 2021-22 and include sitting fees paid to Directors

during the financial year.

2.

The remuneration to Directors is within the overall limits approved by the shareholders of the Company.

3.

** Percentage increase/decrease in remuneration is not reported as they were holding directorship for the part of the financial year

2021-22 and/or they were appointed during the financial year 2021-22.

4.

> The remuneration paid to Mr. Amit Syngle,: Managing

letter of even date which is annexed as

Annexure and forms an integral part of this report.

To:

The Members,

Asian Paints Limited,

6A, Shantinagar,

Santacruz (East),

Mumbai – 400 055.

My report of even date is to be read along with this: letter:

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the

secretarial records. The verification was done on test-

check basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected

in secretarial records. I believe that the process

and practices I followed provide a reasonable basis

for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and

appropriateness of financial records and books of

accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained Management

Representation about the compliance of laws, rules

and regulations and happening of events, etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. My examination

was limited to the verification of procedures on

test-check basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as

to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

Dr. K. R. Chandratre

FCS No.: 1370, C. P. No.: 5144

Place: Pune

Date: 10th May 2022

UDIN: F001370D000298293

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1206/2021

Annexure (C-1) to Board’s Report

To:

The Members,

Asian Paints Limited,

6A, Shantinagar,

Santacruz (East),

Mumbai – 400 055.

I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of

applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good

corporate practices by Asian Paints Limited (hereinafter

called “the Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted

in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for

evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances

and expressing my opinion thereon.

Based on my verification of the Company’s books,

papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and

other records maintained by the Company and also the

information provided by the Company, its officers, agents

and authorised representatives during the conduct of

Secretarial Audit, I hereby report that in my opinion,

the Company has, during the audit period covering the

financial year ended on 31 March, 2022 (‘Audit Period’)

complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder

and also that the Company has proper Board-processes

and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the

manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms

and returns filed and other records maintained by the

Company for the financial year ended on 31 March, 2022

according to the provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules

made thereunder;

(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956

(‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and

Bye-laws framed thereunder;

(iv) The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and

the rules and regulations made thereunder to the

extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct

Investment. and External Commercial Borrowings;

(v)

The following Regulations prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992

(‘SEBI Act’): —

(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011;

(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

(c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2018 (Not applicable to the

Company during the Audit Period);

(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations,

2014 and The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat

Equity) Regulations, 2021;

(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue

and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations,

2008 and The Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible

Securities) Regulations, 2021 (Not applicable to

the Company during the Audit Period);

(f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)

Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act

and dealing with client;

(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009

and The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021

(Not applicable to the Company during the

Audit Period) and

(h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018

(Not applicable to the Company during

the Audit Period).

(vi) I further report that, having regard to the

compliance system prevailing in the Company and on

examination of the relevant documents and records in

pursuance thereof on test-check basis, the Company

has complied with the following laws applicable

specifically to the Company:

(a)

The Environment (Protection) Act, 1986;

(b) Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution)

Act, 1981 and Air (Prevention and Control of

Pollution) Rules, 1982;

(c)

Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution)

Act, 1974 and Water (Prevention and Control of

Pollution) Rules 1975;

(d) Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and

Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016;

(e) The Manufacture, Storage and Import of

Hazardous Chemicals Rules, 1989;

(f)

The Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940; and

(g) The Legal Metrology Act, 2009 and rules and

regulations thereunder.

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2022

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director & CEO

3

3

Mr. R J Jeyamurugan is the Secretary to the CSR Committee.

3.

Weblink where Composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects approved by the Board are

disclosed on the website of the Company

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Weblink

(a)

CSR Committee

https://www.asianpaints.com/GovernanceStructure.html

(b)

CSR Policy

https://www.asianpaints.com/CSRPolicy.html

(c)

CSR Projects

https://www.asianpaints.com/CSRProjects2021-22.html

4.

Details of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the

Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014

The Company had appointed Ormax Consultants Private Limited to undertake impact assessment for the

following activities undertaken by the Company under the vocational training programme (Colour Academy) for

the FY 2020-21:

•

Skilling and vocational training

•

Technical knowledge distribution

•

Productivity and livelihood enhancement for dignified living

Key findings of the said impact assessment on various metrics are given below:

Metric(s)

Overall score

(1-5, 5 being the highest)

Key Impact

Professional Impact

4.38

•

Enhanced profile of services

•

Quality project delivery

•

Proactive and professional approach

•

New businesses from references

Financial Impact

3.42

•

Dietary changes

•

Persona and overall appearance

•

High Value Investment

Intra-Personal Impact

4.57

•

Change in the mindset

•

Design suggestions to clients

•

Acquiring challenging assignments

Inter-Personal Impact

4.55

•

Influence in work community

•

Respect in community

Recommendations:

•

Hybrid Learning - Sustainable teaching methodology comprising the strengths of online (learning anywhere/

anytime) with offline practical lessons (learning by doing).

•

Lead Generation Program - Soft skill training for the participants to enable them convert the leads into

businesses and handle the client interactions in professional manner. Empowering participants with local leads

by creating eco systems of companies doing large scale interior design works for homes & corporates.

•

Course Timings - The course timings needs to be aligned to the work schedules of participants so that

opportunity costs can be mitigated.

Detailed report can be accessed at https://www.asianpaints.com/AnnualReports.html.

Annexure (D) to Board’s Report (Contd.)

•

Mobile Medical Units ("MMUs")

The Company has been running 8 (eight) MMUs

spread across 8 (eight) locations. These MMUs

provide consultations, free medicines, basic

diagnostics, referrals to government hospitals,

among others. These units also conduct

awareness and quiz sessions on health in the

community.

•

Safar

Safar, one of the Company’s healthcare

initiatives, is directed towards improving

health awareness and medical care facilities

among truck drivers.

(ii) Disaster Management

Under the thrust area of disaster management, the

Company contributes towards relief, rehabilitation

and reconstruction activities as a part of our disaster

management intervention. As a responsible Company,

we focus towards mitigating the effects of the crisis

created by natural disasters, pandemic or likewise.

The Company have partnered with the Government

on various instances to provide support and aid

and have also worked with different partners for

distribution of essentials among communities during

the time of crisis.

In continuation of the Company’s commitment

towards disaster management, during the FY 2021-22

the Company contributed an amount of ` 2.28 crores

(Rupees two crores and twenty-eight lakhs only)

approximately towards COVID-19 pandemic relief and

` 19 lakhs (Rupees nineteen lakhs only) approximately

towards flood relief, to various NGOs for helping

the community with health care facilities & various

other essentials.

(iii) Enhancing Vocational Skills

Skill building is a powerful tool to empower

individuals and drive the financial growth and

community development of a nation. The Company’s

aim with this endeavour is to invest in inclusive

growth and believe that everyone should be given

a fair chance at a dignified life. The Company is

committed to enhancing the technical knowledge

of the individuals with an inherent predilection for

the work, so that it increases their productivity &

livelihood which would result in them garnering

recognition and respect in the community. Our

training programmes cover a multitude of subjects,

such as painting, designer finishes, emulsions, metal

care, mechanisation, waterproofing, wood finishes,

wallpaper installation, sanitisation course, etc.

Asian Paints Colour Academy offers the best training

facilities to both new and experienced paint applicators.

Our fixed academies are spread across 19 (nineteen)

major towns in the country while our mobile

academies service over 700 (seven hundred) towns

across the length and breadth of the country. Digital

trainings introduced in 2020 continue to be a game

changer, making up for 75% of overall trainings.

The Colour Academy works in the direction of

imparting skill education and enhancing productivity

of the people in paint application trade.

The Company has scaled up its initiatives and offers

specialised and skill-based training to carpenters

and plumbers to enhance their skills, empower them,

provide opportunities to secure better employment

and improve their livelihood.

The Company also continues to provide trainings on

financial literacy to help the participants understand

the art of budgeting, managing contingencies,

applicable insurance schemes, government

schemes, etc.

(iv) Water Conservation

The Company has drafted a water vision for itself

with an intention to make communities around

its manufacturing locations, water secure. The

Company is engaged with helping communities

around its manufacturing locations and other

areas of operations to conserve water by reducing

overall specific water consumption, developing

integrated watershed management, reusing/recycling

wastewater, water ATMs, rejuvenating water bodies

and rainwater harvesting.

The initiatives undertaken in this area, inter alia,

include (a) creating capacities in conserving water

through significant investments in partnership

with relevant stakeholders, with the objective

of water conservation; (b) educating farmers in

looking at various government schemes with the

objective of water management; and (c) undertaking

water replenishment projects in the communities

surrounding Company’s factories.

Our project, Jal Sashakt, has helped transform

the lives of over 5,000 (five thousand) people in

7 (seven) drought-prone villages in Maharashtra by

tripling their water supply and increasing their land’s

crop output by more than 20%. This is a fantastic

example of technology, community, NGOs and

corporate teams coming together with a shared vision

to achieve dramatic change.

To know more about our initiatives in the CSR section,

please refer the detailed discussions under the Social

Capital of this Annual Report.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

CSR Committee

(DIN: 07232566)

(DIN: 01184336)

Place: Mumbai

Date: 10th May, 2022

Sr.

No.

Name of the

Project

Item from

the list of

activities in

Schedule VII

to the Act

Local

Area

(Yes/

No)

Location of the Project

Amount

spent

for the

Project

(in `

crores)

Mode of

implementation-

Direct

(Yes/No)

Mode of implementation -

through implementing agency

State

District

Name

CSR

Registration

number

4.

• Promoting

integrated

watershed

development

in areas

around our

manufacturing

locations and

rejuvenation of

water bodies

including

desilting lakes

and installing

& maintaining

rooftop

rainwater

harvesting

units and

recharge

systems in

villages and

schools

• Providing

access to

potable water

Water

Yes

Haryana

Telangana

Uttar Pradesh

Maharashtra

Andhra

Pradesh

Karnataka

Tamil Nadu

Gujarat

Rohtak

Medak

Gautam Buddha

Nagar

Satara

Visakhapatnam

Mysuru

Kancheepuram,

Cuddalore

Bharuch

16.18 Direct and

through

implementing

agency

• Aga Khan

Rural Support

Programme (India)

• Akash Ganga Trust

• Ambuja Cement

Foundation

• CREDIT - I

• DHAN

(Development of

Humane Action)

Foundation

• Forum for

Organized

Resource

Conservation and

Enhancement

(FORCE)

• Hand in Hand India

• Ladli Foundation

Trust

• National Agro

Foundation

• Vanarai

• CSR00004229

• CSR00013290

• CSR00006913

• CSR00003577

• CSR00000273

• CSR00000037

• CSR00001853

• CSR00000456

• CSR00000610

• CSR00001205

Total

67.32

(d) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads

-

` 3.54 crores

(e) Amount spent on Impact Assessment

-

` 0.15 crore

(f) Total amount spent for the Financial Year (8b+8c+8d+8e) -

` 71.01 crores

(g) Excess amount for set-off

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Amount

(in ` crores)

(i)

Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5) of the Act

70.77

(ii)

Total amount spent for the financial year

71.01

(iii)

Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]

0.24

(iv)

Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or Programmes or activities of the previous financial years

-

(v)

Amount available for set-off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)]

0.24

Annexure (D) to Board’s Report (Contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter and spirit.

Asian Paints not only adheres to the prescribed

Corporate Governance practices as per the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing

Regulations”) but is also committed to sound Corporate

Governance principles and practices. The Company aspires

to reach the highest standards of Corporate Governance,

while emphasising on transparency, creating a sustainable

culture, and setting industry-leading benchmarks.

It constantly strives to adopt emerging best practices

being followed globally.

Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") vide

Notification dated 5th May, 2021, amended certain

provisions of the Listing Regulations, including submission

of Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report

(“BRSR”) in replacement of the existing Business

Responsibility Report.

The disclosure requirement in BRSR is based on National

Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct Principles,

which is divided into 2 (two) parts i.e. Essential Indicators

(to be reported on a mandatory basis) and Leadership

Indicators (to be reported on a voluntary basis). The

disclosure under the BRSR format is voluntary for the

financial year 2021-22 and shall be mandatory from the

financial year 2022-23 onwards.

With an objective of enhancing the Company’s governance

disclosure and in line with the expectations of our

stakeholders, Asian Paints has decided to publish the

BRSR from the financial year 2021-22 onwards, including

Leadership Indicators, to the extent available, and the

same forms part of this Annual Report.

In recognition of its governance practices, the Company

was, third time in a row, conferred upon the ‘Golden

Peacock Award for Excellence in Corporate Governance −

2021’, by the Institute of Directors, India.

This report is prepared in accordance with the provisions of

the Listing Regulations and the report contains the details

of Corporate Governance systems and processes at Asian

Paints Limited.

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE AND DEFINED ROLES AND

RESPONSIBILITIES

Asian Paints’ governance structure comprises the Board of

Directors, Committees of the Board and the management.

Corporate Governance at Asian Paints is implemented

through robust board governance processes, internal

control systems & processes and strong audit mechanisms.

These are articulated through the Company’s Code of

Conduct, Corporate Governance Guidelines and charters

of various Committees of the Board and the Company’s

Disclosure Policy.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors have the responsibility of ensuring

long-term business strategy, enhancing shareholder

value and overseeing the interests of all stakeholders,

effective management, and performance & monitoring

the effectiveness of the Company’s Corporate Governance

practices. The: Managing Director & CEO reports to the

Board and is in charge of the management of the affairs of

the Company, executing business strategy in consultation

with the Board and achieving annual and long-term

business goals.

Composition of the Board

The Asian Paints Board has an optimum mix of Executive

and Non-Executive Directors in line with the applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the

Listing Regulations.

The composition and size of the Board is reviewed

periodically to ensure an optimum mix of Directors

with complementary skill sets and varied perspectives

for constructive deliberations facilitating effective

decision making. The Company understands that sound

succession planning for the members of the Board and

senior management is essential for sustained growth

of the Company.

As on 31st March, 2022, the Board comprised of

14 (fourteen) members, 7 (seven) of which were

Independent Directors constituting half of the Board

strength, 6 (six) were Non-Executive/Promoter Directors

and 1 (one) Managing Director & CEO.

Detailed profile of all the Board members is

available on the Company’s website at

https://www.asianpaints.com/GovernanceStructure.html.

As a part of the succession planning and a step further in

our journey towards further enhancing our governance

practices, the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Deepak

Satwalekar, Independent Director, as the

Managing Director & CEO and other

members of the senior management and assessed the

quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information

between the Company’s management and the Board that

is necessary for the Board to perform its duties effectively

and reasonably.

The details of the meetings held through video-conference

and attended by the Independent Directors of the

Company during the financial year 2021-22, is detailed

below:

Name of Independent

Director(s)

Meeting date(s)

14th July,

2021

8th October,

2021

7th January,

2022

Deepak Satwalekar

M K Sharma ^

R Seshasayee

S. Sivaram %

Vibha Paul Rishi

Suresh Narayanan

Pallavi Shroff

Milind Sarwate #

^ Retired from the Company with effect from closure of business hours

on 31st March, 2022, upon completion of his term of appointment as an

Independent Director.

% Retired from the Company with effect from closure of business hours

on 30th September, 2021, upon completion of his term of appointment

as an Independent Director.

#Appointed as an Independent Director of the Company with effect from

21st October, 2021.

Non-Executive Directors with materially significant,

pecuniary or business relationship with the Company

Except for the sitting fees and commission payable to the

Non-Executive Directors annually in accordance with the

applicable laws and with the approval of the shareholders,

there is no pecuniary or business relationship between the

Non-Executive Directors and the Company.

Name of Director(s)

Skill/Expertise/Competence

Sales & Marketing

experience:

Exposure to sales

and marketing

management based

on understanding

of the consumers

International Business

experience:

Experience in

leading businesses in

different

geographies/markets

around the world and

emerging markets

exposure

General management

and leadership:

Strategic planning,

sustainability and

project interest of all

stakeholders

Financial and risk

management skills:

Understanding the

financial statements

and financial

controls, systems and

processes & mergers

and acquisitions

Technical,

professional skills

and knowledge

including legal,

governance and

regulatory aspects

Deepak Satwalekar

P

x

P

P

x

Manish Choksi

P

P

P

P

P

Ashwin Dani

P

P

P

P

P

Amit Syngle

P

P

P

P

P

Malav Dani

P

P

P

P

x

Amrita Vakil

P

x

P

P

x

Jigish Choksi

P

x

P

x

x

Nehal Vakil

x

x

P

P

x

M K Sharma *

P

P

P

P

P

Vibha Paul Rishi

P

P

P

P

x

R Seshasayee

P

P

P

P

P

Suresh Narayanan

P

P

P

P

x

Pallavi Shroff

P

P

P

P

P

Milind Sarwate

x

x

P

P

P

* Retired from the Company with effect from closure of business hours on 31st March, 2022, upon completion of his term of appointment as an

Independent Director.

Declarations

The Company has received declarations from the

Independent Directors that they meet the criteria of

Independence laid down under Section 149 of the Act

read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and

Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, and

Regulations 16(1)(b) & 25 of the Listing Regulations.

The Independent Directors have also confirmed that

they have registered themselves with the Independent:

Managing Director of

Hitech Corporation

Limited

-

1

33,05,510

(0.34%)

Amrita Vakil

Non-

Executive

Director/

Promoter

Cousin of

Nehal Vakil

3

Non-Executive – Non-

Independent Director

of Elcid Investments

Limited

-

-

25,66,680

(0.27%)

Jigish Choksi

Non-

Executive

Director/

Promoter

Cousin of

Manish

Choksi

-

-

-

-

19,95,180

(0.21%)

Nehal Vakil

Non-

Executive

Director/

Promoter

Cousin of

Amrita

Vakil

3

-

-

-

1,28,05,610

(1.34%)

M K Sharma

Non-

Executive

Director/

Independent

No

3

Independent Director

of United Spirits

Limited and Ambuja

Cements Limited

1

3

-

Vibha Paul Rishi

Non-

Executive

Director/

Independent

No

4

Independent Director

of Escorts Limited,

Tata Chemicals

Limited, ICICI

Prudential Life

Insurance Company

Limited and ICICI Bank

Limited

1

5

-

Name of

Director(s)

Nature of

Directorship

Inter-se

relationship

Directorship in other companies

Membership and

Chairpersonship on the

Committees of the Board of

other companies**

No. of shares held

along with % to the

paid-up share capital

of the Company*** #

Number * Name of listed entities

along with category

Chairperson

Member

R Seshasayee

Non-

Executive

Director/

Independent

No

1

-

-

1

1,496

(0.00%)

Suresh Narayanan

Non-

Executive

Director/

Independent

No

1

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director & CEO on

succession planning. The succession plan is closely aligned

with the strategy and long term needs of the Company.

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY

The Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company,

inter alia, provides that the NRC shall formulate the criteria

for appointment of Directors on the Board of the Company

and persons holding senior management positions in

the Company, including their remuneration and other

matters as provided under Section 178 of the Act and the

Listing Regulations.

In accordance with the Policy, the responsibilities of NRC,

inter alia, include:

1.

Formulation of criteria and its review on an

ongoing basis, for determining qualifications, skills,

expertise, qualities, positive attributes required

to be a Director, based on the qualities, including

independence of Independent Directors, and such

expertise which may be beneficial for the Company

and essential for it to operate in changing business

environment. Identification of persons as potential

candidates, who are qualified to be appointed as

Directors and recommend their re-appointment, if

any, to the Board after taking into consideration the

performance of a Director;

2.

Evaluation of performance of the Board, its

Committees and Individual Directors. The Committee

also evaluates the performance of: Managing

Managing Director & CEO,

excludes performance-based incentive of ` 1,12,50,000 (Rupees one

crore twelve lakhs and fifty thousand only) paid for previous financial

year. It also excludes ` 3,58,75,000 (Rupees three crores fifty-eight

lakhs and seventy-five thousand only) worth of stock options granted

in accordance with the Asian Paints Employee Stock Option Plan ('2021

Plan') for the financial year 2021-22. The stock options would vest after

fulfillment of vesting conditions in accordance with the 2021 Plan.

Taxable value of perquisite for car allowance has been considered in the

aforesaid computation.

$ Services of the: Managing Director may be terminated by either party,

giving the other party six months’ notice or the Company paying six

months’ basic salary in lieu thereof. There is no separate provision for

payment of severance pay.

@ Appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect

from 1st March, 2022, to fill the casual vacancy created on the Board on

account of the sad demise of Mr. Abhay Vakil, Non-Executive Director of

the Company.

% Retired from the Company with effect from closure of business hours

on 30th September, 2021, upon completion of his term of appointment

as an Independent Director.

& Retired from the Company with effect from closure of business hours

on 31st March, 2022, upon completion of his term of appointment as an

Independent Director.

** Appointed as an Independent Director of the Company with effect

from 21st October, 2021.

The appointment of Managing Director & CEO, Key

Managerial Personnel and other employees are by virtue

of their employment/contract of service with the Company

as management employees and therefore, their terms of

employment vis-à-vis salary, variable pay, service contract,

notice period and severance fee, if any, are governed by

the applicable policies.

The structure of remuneration payable to the Managing

Director & CEO involves a fair balance of fixed pay and

variable component which is linked to achievement of

business goals and long-term strategy.

The remuneration payable to all cadres of managerial

employees, including the Managing Director & CEO is

benchmarked annually and is reviewed by the NRC. In

accordance with the Nomination and Remuneration Policy

of the Company, the revisions to the remuneration payable

to the Managing Director & CEO, Key Managerial Personnel

and other senior managerial personnel is reviewed by the

NRC based on their performance evaluation.

PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

In terms of the requirements of the Act and the Listing

Regulations, an annual performance evaluation of the

Board is undertaken where the Board formally assesses its

own performance with an aim to improve the effectiveness

of the Board and the Committees.

The Company has a structured assessment process for

evaluation of performance of the Board, its Committees

and individual performance of each Director including

the Chairperson. The evaluations are carried out in a

confidential manner and the Directors provide their

feedback by rating based on various metrics.

The Independent Directors at their separate meeting

reviewed the performance of: Non-Independent Directors

and the Board as a whole, the

Managing Director & CEO and 2 (two) Non-Executive

Directors. CSR Committee met 3 (three) times during the

financial year 2021-22.

The composition of the CSR Committee of the Board of

Directors of the Company along with the details of the

meetings held through video-conference and attended by

the members of the Committee during the financial year

2021-22, is detailed below:

Name of Member(s)

Nature of

membership

Meeting date(s)

16th

July,

2021

17th

January

2022

24th

March,

2022

Malav Dani

Chairman

Deepak Satwalekar

Member

Amrita Vakil

Member

Amit Syngle

Member

Vibha Paul Rishi

Member

Mr. R J Jeyamurugan acts as the Secretary to the

Committee.

The meetings of the CSR Committee are also attended by

members of the CSR Council of the Company as invitees.

The terms of reference of the CSR Committee as

approved by the Board and amended from time to time

includes the following:

1.

Recommending the amount of expenditure to be

incurred on the activities;

2.

Monitoring implementation and adherence to the CSR

Policy of the Company from time to time;

3.

Preparing a transparent monitoring mechanism

for ensuring implementation of the projects/

programmes/activities proposed to be undertaken by

the Company; and

4.

Undertaking any other matters as may be

prescribed under law or as the Board may decide

from time to time.

The details of the CSR initiatives as per the CSR Policy of

the Company is available in the Board's Report forming

part of this Annual Report.

During the year under review, the CSR Policy was revised

to include changes made consequent to amendment in the

CSR Rules and other necessary changes. The CSR Policy

of the Company has been uploaded on the Company’s

website at https://www.asianpaints.com/CSRPolicy.html.

RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

The Risk Management Committee (“RMC”) constituted

in line with the provisions of the Listing Regulations,

presently comprises 5 (five) members, 2 (two) Independent

Directors, a Non-Executive Director and 2 (two) members

from the management of the Company. The RMC met

3 (three) times during the financial year 2021-22. The

intervening period between 2 (two) consecutive RMC

meetings was well within the maximum allowed gap of

180 (one hundred and eighty) days.

The composition of the RMC of the Board of Directors of

the Company along with the details of the meetings held

through video-conference and attended by the members

of the Committee during the financial year 2021-22 is

detailed below:

Name of Member(s)

Nature of

membership

Meeting date(s)

2nd

July,

2021

7th

October,

2021

15th

February,

2022

S. Sivaram %

Chairman

Vibha Paul Rishi *

Chairperson

Amit Syngle

Member

Pallavi Shroff

Member

P. Sriram

Member

% Ceased to be the member and Chairman of the Committee with effect

from closure of business hours on 30th September, 2021.

* Re-designated as the Chairperson of the Committee with effect from

4th October, 2021.

With effect from 1st April, 2022, Mr. Jigish Choksi,

Non-Executive Director and Mr. Rahul Bhatnagar,

President – Project Sales, R&T, Industrial JVs, have been

appointed as the members of the Committee.

Mr. Amit Syngle has ceased to be the member of the

Committee with effect from 1st April, 2022.

Mr. R J Jeyamurugan acts as the Secretary to the

Committee.

The RMC is responsible for oversight on overall risk

management processes of the Company and to ensure

that key strategic and business risks are identified and

addressed by the management.

The terms of reference of the RMC, as approved

by the Board and amended from time to time

includes the following:

1.

To identify Company’s risk appetite set for various

elements of risk;

2.

To formulate a detailed risk management policy

which shall include:

a)

A framework for identification of internal

and external risks specifically faced by the

listed entity, in particular including financial,

operational, sectoral, sustainability (particularly,

ESG related risks), information, cyber security

risks or any other risk as may be determined

by the Committee.

b)

Measures for risk mitigation including

systems and processes for internal control of

identified risks.

c)

Business continuity plan;

3.

To monitor and oversee implementation of the

risk management policy, including evaluating the

adequacy of risk management systems;

4.

To periodically review the risk management policy, at

least once in two years, including by considering the

changing industry dynamics and evolving complexity;

5.

To ensure appropriate methodology, processes and

systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks

associated with the business of the Company;

6.

To inform and make necessary recommendations

to the Board regarding the nature and content of

discussions held during the Committee meetings and

take necessary actions thereof;

7.

To review the appointment, removal, and terms of

remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if any); and

8.

To seek information from any employee, obtain

outside legal or other professional advice and secure

attendance of outsiders with relevant expertise as

and when required.

The Risk Management Policy of the Company articulates

the Company’s approach to address uncertainties in its

endeavours to achieve its stated and implicit objectives.

It prescribes the roles and responsibilities of various

stakeholders within the Company, the structure for

managing risks and framework with respect to Risk

Management and the Internal Financial Controls

comprehensively address the key strategic/business risks,

information technology, financial, cyber security risks and

operational risks respectively.

During the year under review, the Risk Management

Policy was revised to include changes made consequent to

amendment in the Listing Regulations.

INVESTMENT COMMITTEE

Apart from the above statutory Committees, the Board has

constituted an Investment Committee with an objective to

focus and report to the Board on areas of strategic focus

and significance for the Company. The Investment

Committee presently comprises 7 (seven) members, 3

(three) Independent Directors, 3 (three) Non-Executive

Directors and the Managing Directors & CEO. Investment

Committee met 7 (seven) times during the

financial year 2021-22.

The composition of the Investment Committee of the

Board of Directors of the Company along with the details

of the meetings held through video-conference and

attended by the members of the Committee during the

financial year 2021-22, is detailed below:

Name of Member(s)

Nature of

membership

Meeting date(s)

9th August,

2021

14th September,

2021

7th January,

2022

25th January,

2022

1st February,

2022

11th March,

2022

29th March,

2022

R Seshasayee

Chairman

Deepak Satwalekar

Member

Manish Choksi

Member

Abhay Vakil *

Member

Malav Dani

Member

Suresh Narayanan

Member

Amit Syngle

Member

* Ceased to be the member of the Committee with effect from 2nd November, 2021, consequent to his demise.

With effect from 1st April, 2022, Ms. Amrita Vakil has been appointed as a member of the Committee.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director &

CEO, and the Company Secretary & CFO of the Company.

The Shareholders Committee met once during the

financial year 2021-22.

The composition of the Shareholders Committee of

the Board of Directors of the Company along with the

details of the meeting held in person and attended by the

members of the Committee during the financial year

2021-22, is detailed below:

Name of Member(s)

Nature of

membership

Meeting date

31st March, 2022

Abhay Vakil *

Chairman

Manish Choksi

Member

Ashwin Dani

Member

Amit Syngle

Member

R J Jeyamurugan

Member

* Ceased to be the member and Chairman of the Committee with effect

from 2nd November, 2021, consequent to his demise.

Mr. R J Jeyamurugan also acts as the Secretary to the

Committee.

The terms of reference of the Shareholders Committee, as

approved by the Board and amended from time to time,

inter alia, included issuance of share certificates pursuant

to duplicate/remat/renewal requests received, approving

the register of members as on the record date(s) and/or

book closure date(s) for receiving dividends, etc., reviewing

correspondence with the shareholders vis-à-vis legal cases,

authorising affixing of the Common Seal of the Company

from time to time.

Further, the Board of Directors of the Company had

delegated the authority to approve the transfer,

transmission, dematerialisation of shares, etc., to any

two members, jointly, of the Shareholders Committee

including the CFO & Company Secretary.

The Shareholders Committee has been dissolved and

its terms of reference have been merged with the

Stakeholders Relationship Committee of the Board with

effect from 1st April, 2022.

MANAGEMENT

The management structure of the Company comprises

the: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO, the CFO & Company Secretary and the

Chief Human Resources Officer for receiving and

investigating all complaints and protected disclosures

under this Policy. Employees of the Company or

business associates can make protected disclosures to

the Ethics Committee through the Asian Paints Ethics

Hotline (toll free number/web reporting facility) and/

or any other written or oral means of communication.

The employees/Directors and business associates

may, in exceptional cases, approach directly to the

Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board of

Directors of the Company for registering complaints.

Any incidents that are reported are investigated

and suitable action is taken in line with the

Whistle Blower Policy.

No person was denied access to the Audit Committee

of the Company with regards to the above.

5.

In accordance with the provisions of Regulation

26(6) of the Listing Regulations, the Key Managerial

Personnel, Director(s), Promoter(s) and senior

management personnel have affirmed that they have

not entered into any agreement for themselves or on

behalf of any other person, with any shareholder or

any other third party with regard to compensation

or profit sharing in connection with dealings in the

securities of the Company.

6.

The Company has complied with all the requirements

of the Stock Exchange(s) and SEBI on matters

relating to Capital Markets. There were no penalties

imposed or strictures passed against the Company by

SEBI, Stock Exchange(s) on which the shares of the

Company are listed or any statutory authority in this

regard, during the last 3 (three) years.

7.

The Company has complied with all the mandatory

requirements of the Listing Regulations relating to

Corporate Governance.

Non-Mandatory Requirements

i.

The Independent Chairman of the Company has been

provided with a Chairman’s Office at the Registered

Office of the Company.

ii.

The Chairman of the Board is an Independent Director

and his position is separate from that of the Managing

Director & CEO.

iii.

Quarterly and Half-yearly financial results of the

Company including summary of the significant

events for the period ended 30th September, are sent

to all the shareholders of the Company, who have

registered their email addresses with the Company.

The Company discusses with the Institutional

Investors and Equity Analysts on the Company’s

performance on a periodic basis and presentations,

if any, made during such meetings and calls are also

available on the website of the Company.

iv.

During the year under review, there is no audit

qualification on the Company’s financial statements.

The Company continues to adopt best practices to

ensure regime of unmodified audit opinion.

v.

The Chief Internal Auditor reports to the Audit

Committee of the Company. He participates in the

meetings of the Audit Committee of the Board of

Directors of the Company and presents his internal

audit observations to the Audit Committee.

vi.

The Company releases audited standalone financial

results every quarter.

vii. The Integrated Report has been prepared as per the

Integrated Reporting <IR> framework by International

Integrated Reporting Council.

Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP, has

provided a 'limited assurance' on certain Identified

Sustainability Indicators based on Global Reporting

Initiatives (GRI) Standards, and the same is annexed to

this Annual Report.

8.

Subsidiary companies:

The Company does not have any material subsidiary

company in terms of Regulation 16 of the Listing

Regulations. The synopsis of the minutes of the Board

meetings of the subsidiary companies are placed at

the Board meeting of the Company on quarterly basis.

The Audit Committee reviews the financial statements

including investments by the unlisted subsidiaries

of the Company.

The management periodically brings to the notice

of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors

of the Company, a statement of all significant

transactions and arrangements entered into by

unlisted subsidiaries, if any.

The Policy for determining material subsidiaries

has been uploaded on the Company’s

website at https://www.asianpaints.com/

PolicyforMaterialSubsidiaries.html.

9.

Website:

The Company ensures dissemination of applicable

information under Regulation 46(2) of the Listing

Regulations on the Company’s website at

www.asianpaints.com. There is a separate section on

‘Investors’ on the website of the Company containing

details relating to the financial results declared by the

Company, annual reports, presentations made by the

Company to investors, press releases, shareholding

patterns and such other material information which is

relevant to shareholders.

10. Secretarial Compliance Report:

SEBI vide its Circular No. CIR/CFD/CMD1/27/2019

dated 8th February, 2019 read with Regulation 24A

of the Listing Regulations, directed listed entities to

conduct Annual Secretarial Compliance Audit from

a Practicing Company Secretary of all applicable

SEBI Regulations and circulars/guidelines issued

thereunder. The said Secretarial Compliance Report

is in addition to the Secretarial Audit Report by

Practicing Company Secretary under Form No.

MR-3 and is required to be submitted to the Stock

Exchanges within 60 days from the end of the

financial year.

The Company has engaged the services of

Dr. K. R. Chandratre (CP No.: 5144), Practicing

Company Secretary and Secretarial Auditor of the

Company, for providing this certification.

The Company is publishing the said Secretarial

Compliance Report, on voluntary basis and the same

has been annexed to the Board’s Report forming part

of this Annual Report.

11. Certificate from Practicing Company Secretary:

Certificate as required under Part C of Schedule V of

the Listing Regulations, received from Ms. Kumudini

Bhalerao (CP No.: 6690), Partner of Makarand M. Joshi

& Co., Practicing Company Secretaries, that none

of the Directors on the Board of the Company have

been debarred or disqualified from being appointed

and/or continuing as Directors of the Company by

the SEBI/MCA or any such statutory authority, was

placed before the Board of Directors at their meeting

held on 10th May, 2022 and is set out as Annexure (C)

to this Report.

12. Total fees paid to Statutory Auditors of the Company:

Total fees of ` 3,75,19,787 (Rupees three crores

seventy-five lakhs nineteen thousand seven hundred

eighty-seven only) for the financial year 2021-22,

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

& CEO of the Company is annexed as Annexure (D)

to this Report.

16. Code of Conduct to Regulate, Monitor and Report

Trading by Designated Persons:

In accordance with the SEBI Insider Trading

Regulations, the Company has a Code of Conduct to

Regulate, Monitor and Report trading by Designated

Person ("Code for Prevention of Insider Trading")

and a Code of Practices and Procedures for fair

disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information

("Code of Fair Disclosure"). Further, the Company

has established systems and procedures to prohibit

insider trading activity.

The Prevention of Insider Trading Code is reviewed

and amended suitably from time to time, to

incorporate the amendments carried out by SEBI.

All compliances relating to Code of Conduct for

Prevention of Insider Trading are being managed

through a web-based portal onboarded by the

Company. The Company periodically circulates the

informative emails on Prevention of Insider Trading,

Do's and Don’ts, etc. to the employees to familiarise

them with the provisions of the Code and educate

and sensitize them on various aspects of Code for

Prevention of Insider Trading. The management also

conducted several trainings and workshops with the

Designated Persons to create awareness on various

aspects of Prevention of Insider Trading Code and the

SEBI Insider Trading Regulations and to ensure that

the internal controls are adequate and effective to

ensure compliance.

These activities have created substantial awareness

amongst the Designated Persons.

During the year under review, the Audit Committee

has reviewed the compliance with the provisions of

the SEBI Insider Trading Regulations and has verified

that the systems for internal controls are adequate

and operating effectively.

The Audit Committee reviews cases of

non-compliances, if any, and makes necessary

recommendations to the Board with respect to

action taken against such defaulters. The said

non-compliances are promptly intimated to the

Stock Exchanges in the prescribed format and

penalty, if any, is being directly deposited by the

Designated Person with SEBI’s Investor Protection

and Education Fund.

The Board have also formulated a Policy for

determination of ‘legitimate purposes’ as a part of the

Code of Fair Disclosure as per the requirements of the

SEBI Insider Trading Regulations.

The Code for Prevention of Insider Trading

and Code of Fair Disclosure have been

uploaded on the Company's website at

https://www.asianpaints.com/CGpolicies.html.

17. None of the Independent Directors of the Company

have resigned before the expiry of their tenure. Thus,

disclosure of detailed reasons for their resignation

along with their confirmation that there are no

material reasons, other than those provided by them

is not applicable.

18. There are no non-compliances of any requirements of

Corporate Governance Report, as per sub-paras (2) to

(10) of Schedule V Part C of the Listing Regulations.

MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

19. The Company promptly discloses information on

material corporate developments and other events as

required under the Listing Regulations. Such timely

disclosures indicate the good corporate governance

practices of the Company. For this purpose, it

provides multiple channels of communications

through dissemination of information on the online

portal of the Stock Exchanges, Press Releases, the

Annual Reports and by placing relevant information

on its website.

a)

Publication of financial results:

Quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results

of the Company are published in leading English

and Marathi language newspaper, viz., all India

editions of Economic Times, Mumbai edition of

Free Press Journal & Navshakti and Maharashtra

edition of Maharashtra Times.

b)

Website and News Releases:

In compliance with Regulation 46 of the Listing

Regulations, a separate dedicated section

under ‘Investors’ on the Company’s website

gives information on various announcements

made by the Company, status of unclaimed

dividend, Annual Report, Quarterly/Half yearly/

Nine-months and Annual financial results along

with the applicable policies of the Company.

The Company’s official news releases and

presentations made to the institutional investors

and analysts are also available on the Company’s

website at www.asianpaints.com. Quarterly

Compliance Reports on Corporate Governance

and other relevant information of interest to

the Investors are also placed under the Investors

Section on the Company’s website.

c)

Analysts presentations:

The presentations on performance of the

Company are placed on the Company’s website

for the benefit of the institutional investors,

analysts and other shareholders immediately

after the conclusion of investors call for the

financial results.

The Company also conducts calls/meetings

with investors immediately after declaration

of financial results to brief them on the

performance of the Company. These calls are

attended by the: Managing

letter, as may be applicable.

d.

Non-resident shareholders:

Non-resident shareholders are requested to

immediately notify:

i.

Indian address for sending all

communications, if not provided so far;

ii.

Change in their residential status on return

to India for permanent settlement; and

iii.

Particulars of their Non-resident rupee

account, whether repatriable or not, with a

bank in India, if not furnished earlier.

e.

Updation of shareholders details:

i.

Shareholders holding shares in physical form

are requested to notify the changes to the

Company/its RTA, promptly by a written

request under the signatures of sole/first

joint holder; and

ii.

Shareholders holding shares in electronic

form are requested to send their

instructions directly to their DPs.

f.

Shareholders holding shares in more than one

folio in the same name(s) are requested to send

the details of their folios along with the share

certificates so as to enable the Company to

consolidate their holdings into one folio.

g.

Shareholders are requested to deal only

through SEBI registered intermediaries and give

clear and unambiguous instructions to their

broker/sub-broker/DP.

h.

Nomination of shares:

In accordance with the provisions of Section

72 of the Act and SEBI circulars, the facility for

nomination is available for the members of

the Company in respect of the shares held by

them. Members who have not yet registered

their nomination are requested to register the

same by submitting the Form No. SH-13. If a

Member desires to opt out or cancel the earlier

nomination and record a fresh nomination, he/

she may submit the same in Form No. ISR-3

or Form No. SH-14, as the case may be. The

said forms are available on the website of the

Company at https://www.asianpaints.com/

ShareholderServiceRequest.html.

i.

Permanent Account Number ("PAN"):

Members who hold shares in physical form are

advised that SEBI has made it mandatory that

a copy of the PAN Card of the transferor(s),

transferee(s), surviving joint holders/legal heirs

be submitted to the Company while obtaining the

services of transfer, transposition, transmission

and issue of duplicate share certificates.

j.

Email id registration:

To support the green initiative, shareholders

are requested to register their email address

with their DPs or with the Company’s RTA, as

the case may be. Communications in relation to

the Company like Notice and Outcome of Board

meetings, Dividend credit intimations, Notice

of AGM and Annual Report are periodically sent

electronically to such shareholders who have

registered their email address.

In case of any change in relation to the

email address, the members are required to

intimate the same:

a.

For shares held in electronic form: to their

respective DP; and

b.

For shares held in physical form: to the

Company/RTA in prescribed Form No. ISR-1

and other forms pursuant to SEBI Circular

No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/

CIR/2021/655 dated 3rd November, 2021.

k.

SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES):

SEBI vide its Circular dated 26th March,

2018 issued new policy measures w.r.t. SEBI

Complaints Redress System (SCORES).

As per the new process, SEBI has requested the

members to approach the Company directly

at the first instance for their grievance. If the

Company does not resolve the complaint of

the shareholders within stipulated time, then

they may lodge the complaint with SEBI/Stock

Exchanges for further action.

Further, SEBI vide Circular dated 13th August,

2020, has specified standard operating procedure

for handling complaints by stock exchanges,

accordingly the Company is now required to

resolve the complaint within a period of 30 days

of receipt of the same.

24. ADDRESS FOR CORRESPONDENCE

REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT

CONTACT DETAILS

For any queries relating to the shares of the

Company, correspondence may be addressed to the

Company’s RTA at:

TSR Consultants Private Limited

C-101, 1st Floor, 247 Park, Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg

Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400 083

Tel. No.: (022) 6656 8484 Extn.: 411/412/413

Fax No.: (022) 6656 8494

Toll Free No.: 1800-2100-124

Email: csg-unit@tcplindia.co.in

Website: www.tcplindia.co.in

The details of collection centres are available on the

website of RTA at https://www.tcplindia.co.in/office-

network.html and is also available on the website of

the Company at www.asianpaints.com.

The documents will also be accepted at the Registered

Office of the Company:

Asian Paints Limited

CIN: L24220MH1945PLC004598

6A, Shantinagar, Santacruz (East), Mumbai – 400 055

Tel. No.: (022) 6218 1000

Email: investor.relations@asianpaints.com

Website: www.asianpaints.com

Shareholders are requested to quote their folio no./

DP ID & Client ID, email address, telephone number

and full address while corresponding with the

Company and its RTA.

25. ADDRESS OF THE REDRESSAL AGENCIES FOR

INVESTORS TO LODGE THEIR GREIVANCES

Regulatory Authorities:

Ministry of

Corporate Affairs

‘A’ Wing, Shastri Bhawan

Rajendra Prasad Road

New Delhi – 110 001

Tel. No.: (011) 2338 4660, 2338 4659

Website: www.mca.gov.in

Securities and

Exchange Board of

India

Plot No. C4-A, ‘G’ Block

Bandra-Kurla Complex

Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051

Tel. No.: (022) 2644 9000/4045 9000/

(022) 2644 9950/4045 9950

Fax No.: (022) 2644 9019-22/4045 9019-22

Toll Free Investor Helpline: 1800-227-575

Email: sebi@sebi.gov.in

Website: www.sebi.gov.in

Stock Exchanges:

BSE Limited

Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers

Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001

Tel. No.: (022) 2272 1233/4

(022) 6654 5695

Fax No.: (022) 2272 1919

Website: www.bseindia.com

National Stock

Exchange

of India Limited

Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G

Bandra Kurla Complex

Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051

Tel. No.: (022) 2659 8100 – 8114

Fax No.: (022) 2659 8120

Website: www.nseindia.com

Depositories:

National Securities

Depository Limited

Trade World, A Wing, 4th Floor

Kamala Mills Compound, Lower Parel

Mumbai – 400 013

Tel. No.: (022) 2499 4200

Email: info@nsdl.co.in

Website: www.nsdl.co.in

Central Depository

Services (India)

Limited

Marathon Futurex, A-Wing, 25th Floor

NM Joshi Marg, Lower Parel

Mumbai – 400 013

Toll free No.: 1800-225-533

Email: complaints@cdslindia.com

Website: www.cdslindia.com

26. OTHERS

a.

Details of utilisation of funds raised through

preferential allotment or qualified institutions

placement as specified under Regulation 32(7A)

of the Listing Regulations: NIL

b.

Investor Charter

In order to facilitate investor awareness for

various service requests, SEBI vide its Circular

dated 26th November, 2021 had prescribed

Investor Charter for RTAs, inter alia, detailing

the services provided to investors, rights of

investors, timelines for various activities of

RTAs, Dos and Don’ts for Investors and Grievance

Redressal Mechanism.

In this regard, all the registered RTAs were

required to take necessary steps to bring the

Investor Charter to the notice of existing and

new shareholders by way of disseminating it on

their websites/through email and displaying at

prominent places in offices, etc.

Additionally, to bring transparency in the Investor

Grievance Redressal Mechanism, it has been

decided that all the registered RTAs shall disclose

on their respective websites, the data when the

complaint was received by them and redressal

thereof, latest by 7th of succeeding month, as

per the format provided in the said Circular. The

provisions of the said Circular were effective

from 1st January, 2022.

The Investor Charter of the Company’s RTA

is available on their website at https://www.

tcplindia.co.in/InvestorCharter.html.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

CFO & Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 10th May, 2022

Annexure A to Report on Corporate Governance for the financial year ended 31st March, 2022

CERTIFICATE ON COMPLIANCE WITH SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS)

REGULATIONS, 2015 BY ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED RELATING TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

REQUIREMENTS

I have examined compliance by Asian Paints Limited (the Company) with the requirements under the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations) relating to Corporate Governance for

the year ended on 31 March 2022.

In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the explanations given to me and the representation

by the Directors and the management, I certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management of the Company.

My examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the

compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance under the Listing Regulations. The examination is neither an

audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company or the Corporate Governance Report

of the Company.

I state that no complaint relating to investor’s grievance received by the Company is pending unresolved as on

31 March, 2022.

I further state that such compliance is neither an assurance to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Dr. K. R. Chandratre

FCS No.: 1370, C. P. No.: 5144

Place: Pune

Date: 10th May, 2022

UDIN: F001370D000298447

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1206/2021

Annexure B to Report on Corporate Governance for the financial year ended 31st March, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Date: 10th May, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES

I.

DETAILS OF THE COMPANY

1.

Corporate Identity Number (CIN):

L24220MH1945PLC004598

2.

Name of the Company: Asian Paints Limited

3.

Year of incorporation: 1945

4.

Registered office address: 6A, Shantinagar,

Santacruz (East), Mumbai – 400 055,

Maharashtra, India.

5.

Corporate address: Same as mentioned

in point no. (4).

6.

E-mail: investor.relations@asianpaints.com

7.

Telephone: (022) 62181000

8.

Website: www.asianpaints.com

9.

Financial year reported: 1st April, 2021 to

31st March, 2022

10. Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where

shares are listed:

BSE Limited (BSE)

National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)

11. Paid-up Capital: ` 95,91,97,790 divided into

95,91,97,790 equity shares of ` 1 each.

12. Name and contact details of the person who may be

contacted in case of any queries on the BRSR:

Name

:

R J Jeyamurugan

Designation

:

CFO & Company Secretary

Tel. no.

:

(022) 62181000

E-mail

:

investor.relations@asianpaints.com

13. Reporting boundary: The disclosures under this

report are made on standalone basis for Asian

Paints Limited.

II.

PRODUCTS/SERVICES

14. Details of business activities (accounting for 90%

of the turnover):

Sr.

No.

Description of

main activity

Description of

business activity

% of Turnover of

the entity

1.

Sale of products

Manufacture/

Purchase and sale

of wide range of

paints and home

décor products

(including bath

fittings and sanitary

ware)

99.76

15. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting

for 90% of the entity’s turnover):

Sr.

No.

Product/Service

Group*

% of total

Turnover

contributed

1.

Manufacture of Paints,

varnishes, enamels and

thinners.

202

97.81

* As per National Industrial Classification – Ministry of Statistics and

Programme implementation.

III. OPERATIONS

16. Number of locations where plants and/or

operations/offices of the entity are situated:

Locations

Number of

plants

Number of

offices*

Total

National

14

206

220

International^

-

-

-

* Includes warehouses and distribution centres.

^ The international operations are carried out by the Company

through its subsidiary companies and are outside the reporting

boundary of this report.

17. Markets served by the entity:

a.

Number of locations:

Locations

Number

National (No. of States and Union Territories)

37

International (No. of Countries)

18

b.

What is the contribution of exports as a percentage

of the total turnover of the entity?

The contribution of exports as a percentage of total

turnover of the Company is 0.72%.

c.

A brief on types of customers.

Asian Paints Limited, headquartered in Mumbai, is

in the business of manufacturing and selling wide

range of paints for decorative and industrial use. The

Company also offers wide range of wallcoverings,

adhesives and services under its portfolio. The

Company has entered into the home décor segment

Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report

offering lightings, furnishings and furniture, along

with end to end design to execution services under

this segment. The Company is also present in the

Home Improvement business offering bath and

kitchen products.

The Company caters to a wide range of customers,

including homeowners, other businesses, corporates,

architects, interior designers, influencers, contractors,

wholesalers and distributors.

IV. EMPLOYEES

18. Details as at 31st March, 2022:

a.

Employees and workers (including differently abled):

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Total (A)

Male

Female

No. (B)

% (B / A)

No. (C)

% (C / A)

EMPLOYEES

1.

Permanent (D)

5,712

5,198

91

514

9

2.

Other than permanent (E)

5,701

5,386

94.5

315

5.5

3.

Total employees (D + E)

11,413

10,584

92.7

829

7.3

WORKERS

4.

Permanent (F)

1,711

1,705

99.6

6

0.4

5.

Other than permanent (G)

12,899

12,103

93.8

796

6.2

6.

Total workers (F + G)

14,610

13,808

94.5

802

5.5

b.

Differently abled employees and workers:

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Total (A)

Male

Female

No. (B)

% (B / A)

No. (C)

% (C / A)

DIFFERENTLY ABLED EMPLOYEES

1.

Permanent (D)

1

1

100

-

-

2.

Other than permanent (E)

-

-

0

-

-

3.

Total differently abled employees

(D + E)

1

1

100

-

-

DIFFERENTLY ABLED WORKERS

4.

Permanent (F)

4

4

100

-

-

5.

Other than permanent (G)

10

9

90

1

10

6.

Total differently abled workers

(F + G)

14

13

92.9

1

7.1

19. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women:

Total (A)

No. and percentage of females

No. (B)

% (B / A)

Board of Directors

14*

4

28.6

Key Management Personnel

2*

-

-

* Includes the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO.

4.

Do you have a focal point (Individual/Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues

caused or contributed to by the business?

Yes, the Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company is responsible for addressing any human right issues caused

or contributed by the business.

5.

Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.

Human rights principles as enshrined in the United Nations Global Compact ("UNGC") are embedded in our core

values and system. We have framework that focuses on good governance, our commitment to abiding by each law,

ensuring timely payment of employee salaries, and providing equal opportunities without exception.

Any grievances are routed to Human Resource function and in certain cases to the Ethics Committee. Necessary

action is taken in line with underlying polices and regulations applicable to the workplace. The closure is intimated

to the aggrieved person.

6.

Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:

FY 2021-22

FY 2020-21

Filed during the year

Pending resolution at

the end of year

Filed during the year

Pending resolution at

the end of year

Sexual Harassment

3

1*

1

Nil

Discrimination at workplace

Nil

Nil

Child Labour

Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour

Wages

Other human rights related issues.

* The case pending for resolution is not beyond 90 days.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No: 046930

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN: 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

10th May, 2022

Mumbai

10th May, 2022

Balance Sheet

as at 31st March, 2022

(` in Crores)

Particulars

Notes

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

ASSETS

Non-Current assets

Property, Plant and Equipment

2A

3,689.63

3,971.80

Right of Use Asset

2B

786.20

714.79

Capital work-in-progress

3

225.47

118.56

Goodwill

4A

35.36

35.36

Other Intangible Assets

4B

42.75

41.52

Investments in Subsidiaries and Associates

5

1,095.56

1,015.57

Financial Assets

Investments

5

550.69

984.95

Other Financial Assets

6

470.61

579.23

Income Tax Assets (Net)

7

144.58

132.84

Other Non-current assets

8

119.56

39.44

7,160.41

7,634.06

Current assets

Inventories

9

5,277.61

3,124.61

Financial Assets

Investments

5

2,164.34

3,178.81

Trade Receivables

10

2,915.77

1,809.75

Cash and Cash Equivalents

11A

276.04

113.27

Other Balances with Banks

11B

32.53

21.64

Other Financial Assets

6

1,645.41

1,252.27

Other Current Assets

8

436.22

446.41

12,747.92

9,946.76

Total Assets

19,908.33

17,580.82

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity

Equity Share Capital

12

95.92

95.92

Other Equity

13

13,253.17

11,993.27

13,349.09

12,089.19

Liabilities

Non-Current Liabilities

Financial Liabilities

Borrowings

14

16.16

14.31

Lease Liabilities

15

518.80

468.73

Other Financial Liabilities

16

1.14

1.09

Provisions

17

168.29

163.51

Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)

18C

205.30

265.19

Other Non-current Liabilities

19

2.11

3.41

911.80

916.24

Current Liabilities

Financial Liabilities

Borrowings

14

-

7.89

Lease Liabilities

15

179.22

157.22

Trade Payables

Total Outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises

20

56.04

53.55

Total Outstanding dues of creditors other than Micro Enterprises and Small

Enterprises

20

3,441.25

2,760.75

Other Financial Liabilities

16

1,524.78

1,276.65

Other Current liabilities

19

307.22

173.73

Provisions

17

38.08

57.91

Income Tax Liabilities (Net)

21

100.85

87.69

5,647.44

4,575.39

Total Equity and Liabilities

19,908.33

17,580.82

Significant accounting policies and Key accounting estimates and judgements

1

See accompanying notes to the Financial Statements

2-48

As per our report of even date attached

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Asian Paints Limited

CIN: L24220MH1945PLC004598

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Chartered Accountants

F.R.N: 117366W/W-100018

Deepak Satwalekar

Chairman

DIN: 00009627

Amit Syngle: Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No: 046930

Milind Sarwate

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No: 046930

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN: 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

10th May, 2022

Mumbai

10th May, 2022

B) OTHER EQUITY

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No: 046930

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN: 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

10th May, 2022

Mumbai

10th May, 2022

Cash Flow Statement (Contd.)

for the year ended 31st March, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director (as

at 31st March, 2021 ₹ 4.58 crores)]

-

-

206.97

195.56

Payable towards other expenses

[including ₹4.72 crores due to Non-Executive Directors

(as at 31st March, 2021 ₹ 4.70 crores)]

-

-

635.48

568.47

Forward exchange contract (net)

-

-

0.92

-

1.14

1.09

1,501.31

1,255.01

Total

1.14

1.09

1,524.78

1,276.65

# Investor Education and Protection Fund ('IEPF')- As at 31st March, 2022 and 31st March, 2021, there is no amount due and outstanding to be

transferred to the IEPF by the Company. Unclaimed Dividend, if any, shall be transferred to IEPF as and when they become due.

NOTE 17 : PROVISIONS

(` in Crores)

Non-Current

Current

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

(a) Provision for Employee Benefits (Refer note 37)

Provision for Compensated absences

165.91

156.23

21.96

19.22

Provision for Gratuity

-

-

1.46

21.98

Provision for Pension

1.18

1.29

0.27

0.34

Provision for Post retirement medical and other

benefits

1.20

5.99

1.46

1.65

168.29

163.51

25.15

43.19

(b) Others (Refer note 33)

Provision for Excise

-

-

1.50

2.24

Provision for Central Sales Tax / VAT

-

-

11.43

12.48

-

-

12.93

14.72

Total

168.29

163.51

38.08

57.91

Description of nature and purpose of each reserve

General Reserve - General reserve is created from time to time by way of transfer of profits from retained earnings for

appropriation purposes. General reserve is created by a transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an

item of other comprehensive income.

Capital Reserve -

a.

Capital reserve of ₹ 5000/- was created on merger of 'Pentasia Chemicals Ltd' with the Company, pursuant to

scheme of Rehabilitation-cum-Merger sanctioned by Board of Industrial and Financial Reconstruction in the

financial year 1995-96.

b.

Capital Reserve of ₹ 44.38 crores was created on merger of Asian Paints (International) Limited, Mauritius, wholly

owned subsidiary of the Company, with the Company as per the order passed by the National Company Law Tribunal.

Capital Redemption Reserve - This reserve was created for redemption of preference shares in the financial year

1989-90. The preference shares were redeemed in the financial year 1990-91.

Remeasurement of defined benefit plans -This represents the cumulative gains and losses arising on the

remeasurement of defined benefit plans in accordance with Ind AS 19 that have been recognized in other

comprehensive income.

Share based payment reserve - This represents the fair value of the stock options granted by the Company under the

2021 Plan accumulated over the vesting period. The reserve will be utilised on exercise of the options.

Treasury shares - This represents cost incurred by the Company to purchase its own equity shares from secondary

market through the Company’s ESOP trust for issuing the shares to the eligible employees on exercise of stock options

granted under the 2021 Plan.

Debt instruments through other comprehensive income -This represents the cumulative gains and losses arising

on the revaluation of debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income that have been

recognized in other comprehensive income, net of amounts reclassified to profit or loss when such assets are disposed

off and impairment losses on such instruments.

Equity instruments through other comprehensive income - This represents the cumulative gains and losses arising on

the revaluation of equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, under an irrevocable

option, net of amounts reclassified to retained earnings when such assets are disposed off.

Trust Reserve - This represents net income of the ESOP trust.

NOTE 14 : BORROWINGS*

(` in Crores)

Non-Current

Current

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

Secured

Deferred payment liabilities :

Loan from State of Haryana #

16.16

14.31

-

7.89

Total

16.16

14.31

-

7.89

Notes:

# The Company is eligible to avail interest free loan in respect of 50% of VAT paid within Haryana on the sale of goods produced at Rohtak plant for

a period of 7 financial years beginning from April 2010. The Company has received total interest free loan of ₹ 37.02 crores (Previous year - ₹ 37.02

crore) for the period from April 2010 to March 2015. Loan received post transition to Ind AS (w.e.f 01.04.2015) are recognised at fair value using

prevailing market interest rate for equivalent loan. The difference between the gross proceeds and fair value of the loan is the benefit derived from

the interest free loan and is recognised as deferred income (Refer note 19).

This loan is secured by way of a bank guarantee issued by the Company and is repayable after a period of 5 years from the date of receipt of interest

free loan. For the year ended 31st March, 2016 and 31st March, 2017, the Company had made the necessary application to the Haryana Government

for the issue of eligibility certificate. As on 31st March, 2022, the Company has repaid loan of ₹ 17.20 crores (Previous year - ₹ 9.31 crores).

* Default in terms of repayment of principal and interest - NIL.

NOTE 13 : OTHER EQUITY (CONTD.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO and based on employee’s grade, performance rating and such

other criteria as may be considered appropriate. The employees shall be entitled to receive one equity share of

the Company on exercise of each stock option, subject to performance of the employees and continuation of

employment over the vesting period. The exercise price for stock options granted are at a discount of 50% to the

Reference Share Price (the average of the daily high and low of the volume weighted average prices of the Shares

quoted on a recognised stock exchange during the 22 trading days preceding the day on which the grant is made) of

the shares of the Company as defined under 2021 Plan.

Further, the 2021 Plan replaced the existing Deferred Incentive Scheme (which provided for deferred cash pay-outs

based on performance of the employees and satisfaction of vesting conditions). Pursuant to launch of 2021 Plan,

the eligible employees were given option to convert existing deferred incentive benefit for FY 2020-21 into ESOPs.

Accordingly, stock options were granted to those employees opting for ESOPs.

The Administrator approved secondary purchase of shares equivalent to the options granted in August 2021

through Asian Paints Employees Stock Ownership Trust (“ESOP Trust” or “Trust”) which is shown as treasury shares

in the statement of changes in equity.

a)

Details of stock options granted:

Particulars

Grant 1

Grant 2

Grant 3

Grant Date

16th August, 2021

16th August, 2021

10th February, 2022

Vesting Date

31st March 2024

31st March 2025

31st March 2025

Fair Value at Grant Date (`)

1,685.13

1,752.87

1,884.83

Exercise Price (`)*

1,518.70

1,518.70

1,632.53

Options outstanding at the beginning of the year

-

-

-

Options granted during the year

110,514

116,022

4,425

Options exercised during the year

-

-

-

Options forfeited during the year

-

-

-

Options lapsed during the year

2,160

2,718

-

Balance as at year end

108,354

113,304

4,425

Exercisable at period end

-

-

-

Weighted Average remaining contractual life (years)

3

4

4

*Also represents weighted average exercise price for respective option series towards all the movement including opening and closing

outstanding options.

b) Fair Value of Stock Options granted:

Fair Value of Stock Options was calculated using the Black Scholes Model. The key assumptions used for

calculating the option fair value are as below:

Grant date

Risk free

interest rate

Expected life

Expected

volatility

Dividend Yield

Market price

at the time of

grant of the

option (Rs)

Exercise price

Assumptions:

Zero Coupon

Sovereign

Bond

Interest Rate

equivalent for

option life

Tenure to vesting of

options and half of

exercise period assuming

even exercise of options

during exercise period

Based on

daily volatility

for period

equivalent for

option life

Dividend yield

is calculated as

dividend paid in

last FY divided

by current share

price

50% of Reference

Share Price

Grant 1- 16th

August 2021

5.07%

3.12 years

34.67%

0.60%

2,987.55

1,518.70

Grant 2 - 16th

August 2021

5.50%

4.12 years

32.17%

0.60%

2,987.55

1,518.70

Grant 3 - 10th

February, 2022

5.57%

3.63 years

33.93%

0.55%

3,228.35

1,632.53

During the year, the Company has recognized an expense of Rs. 8.52 crores (31st March, 21 - Nil). This is net of

reversal of provision of deferred incentive scheme of Rs 2.45 crores and recoveries from subsidiaries of Rs 2.42

crores.

NOTE 37 : EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (CONTD.)

3)

Employee share based payment plans (Contd.)

The details of the Asian Paints Factory Employees Provident Fund and plan assets position are given below:

(` in Crores)

Particulars

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

Present value of benefit obligation at period end

303.28

290.18

Plan assets at period end, at fair value, restricted to

303.28

290.18

Asset recognized in Balance Sheet

-

-

Assumptions used in determining the present value obligation of the interest rate guarantee under the

Projected Unit Credit Method (PUCM):

(` in Crores)

Particulars

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

Discounting Rate

7.27%

6.87%

Expected Guaranteed interest rate

8.10%*

8.50%

*Rate announced by Central Board of Trustees of Employees Provident Fund Organisation for the FY 2021-22 and the same is used for

valuation purpose. The Trust has provisionally declared interest rate of 8.30% for FY 2021-22.

2)

Other Long term employee benefits:

Annual Leave and Sick Leave assumptions

The liability towards compensated absences (annual leave and sick leave) for the year ended 31st March, 2022 based

on actuarial valuation carried out by using Projected Accrued Benefit Method resulted in increase in liability by

₹ 12.42 crores. (Previous Year- increased by ₹27.90 crores)

(a) Financial Assumptions

(` in Crores)

Particulars

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

Discount Rate

7.27%

6.87%

Salary increases allowing for Price inflation

All Grades-

9% for first 2 years

8% thereafter

All Grades-

10% for first year

9% for second year

8% thereafter

(b) Demographic Assumptions

(` in Crores)

Particulars

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

Mortality

IALM (2012-14) Ultimate

IALM (2012-14) Ultimate

Employee Turnover

Upto 34yrs - 10.30%,

35-44 yrs - 4.90%,

Above 44yrs-1.80%

Upto 34yrs - 10.30%,

35-44 yrs - 4.90%,

Above 44yrs-1.80%

Leave Availment Ratio

5%

5%

3)

Employee share based payment plans

During the year ended 31st March, 2022, the Company implemented Asian Paints Employee Stock Option Plan

2021 ("2021 Plan"). The plan was approved by the shareholders in the Company's 75th AGM held on 29th June, 2021.

The 2021 Plan enables grant of stock options to the eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries not

exceeding 25,00,000 Shares, which is 0.26 % of the paid up equity share capital of the Company as on 12th May, 2021.

Further, the stock options to any single employee under the Plan shall not exceed 5,00,000 Shares of the Company

during the tenure of the Plan, subject to compliance with Applicable Law.

The options granted under 2021 Plan have a maximum vesting period of 4 years. The options granted are based

on the performance of the employees during the year of the grant and their continuing to remain in service over

NOTE 37 : EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (CONTD.)

1)

Post-employment benefits : (Contd.)

d) Provident Fund (Contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Shri. R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Non-Executive Directors

Late Shri. Abhay Vakil (upto 2nd November, 2021)

Shri. M.K. Sharma (upto 31st March, 2022)

Ms. Amrita Vakil

Ms. Nehal Vakil (w.e.f. 1st March, 2022)

Shri. Ashwin Dani

Mrs. Pallavi Shroff

Shri. Deepak Satwalekar (Chairman)

Shri. R Seshasayee

Shri. Jigish Choksi

Dr. S. Sivaram (upto 30th September, 2021)

Shri. Malav Dani

Shri. Suresh Narayanan

Shri. Manish Choksi (Vice Chairman)

Mrs. Vibha Paul Rishi

Shri. Milind Sarwate (w.e.f. 21st October, 2021)

NOTE 41 : RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTD.)

b) Subsidiaries : (where control exists) (Contd.)

i)

Subsidiaries of Asian Paints International Private Limited, Singapore (Contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No: 046930

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN: 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

10th May, 2022

Mumbai

10th May, 2022

(` in Crores)

Particulars

Notes

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

Current Liabilities

Financial Liabilities

Borrowings

15

731.12

334.05

Lease Liabilities

16

212.85

183.18

Trade Payables

Total Outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises

20

83.58

91.53

Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro Enterprises and Small

Enterprises

20

4,080.72

3,287.19

Other Financial Liabilities

17

1,886.81

1,594.67

Other Current Liabilities

19

376.09

229.58

Provisions

18

69.70

84.43

Income Tax Liabilities (Net)

22

130.12

121.23

7,570.99

5,925.86

Total Equity And Liabilities

22,984.45

20,369.62

Significant accounting policies and Key accounting estimates and judgements

1

See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2-46

Consolidated Balance Sheet

as at 31st March, 2022

(` in Crores)

Particulars

Notes

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

ASSETS

Non-Current Assets

Property, Plant and Equipment

2A

4,184.46

4,476.35

Right of Use Assets

2B

905.75

845.55

Capital work-in-progress

3

426.43

182.98

Goodwill

4A

242.86

302.63

Other Intangible Assets

4B

185.99

233.99

Investments in Associates

5

515.47

483.90

Financial Assets

Investments

5

551.36

985.78

Trade Receivables

6

2.40

2.89

Other Financial Assets

7

486.05

594.06

Deferred Tax Assets (Net)

21C

26.02

14.28

Income Tax Assets (Net)

9

172.46

152.23

Other Non-Current Assets

10

132.87

68.38

7,832.12

8,343.02

Current Assets

Inventories

11

6,152.98

3,798.60

Financial Assets

Investments

5

2,180.70

3,267.12

Trade Receivables

6

3,871.44

2,602.17

Cash and Cash Equivalents

8A

621.72

346.39

Other Balances with Banks

8B

242.61

264.36

Other Financial Assets

7

1,533.50

1,197.24

Other Current Assets

10

541.25

537.23

Assets classified as Held for Sale

12

8.13

13.49

15,152.33

12,026.60

Total Assets

22,984.45

20,369.62

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity

Equity Share Capital

13

95.92

95.92

Other Equity

14

13,715.64

12,710.37

Equity attributable to owners of the Company

13,811.56

12,806.29

Non-Controlling Interests

14

387.53

422.86

14,199.09

13,229.15

Liabilities

Non-Current Liabilities

Financial Liabilities

Borrowings

15

44.54

14.53

Lease Liabilities

16

598.37

561.36

Other Financial Liabilities

17

2.18

3.38

Provisions

18

218.32

215.21

Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)

21C

348.85

415.59

Other Non-Current Liabilities

19

2.11

4.54

1,214.37

1,214.61

This space has been intentionally left blank

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No: 046930

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN: 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

10th May, 2022

Mumbai

10th May, 2022

(` in Crores)

Particulars

Notes

Year

2021-22

Year

2020-21

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO:

- Owners of the Company

3,030.57

3,139.29

- Non-controlling interest

54.24

67.46

3,084.81

3,206.75

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO:

- Owners of the Company

(212.31)

4.13

- Non-controlling interest

(13.35)

(9.81)

(225.66)

(5.68)

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO:

- Owners of the Company

2,818.26

3,143.42

- Non-controlling interest

40.89

57.65

2,859.15

3,201.07

Earnings per equity share (Face value of ` 1 each)

41

(1) Basic Earnings per Share (EPS) (`)

31.59

32.73

(2) Diluted Earnings per Share (EPS) (`)

31.59

32.73

Significant accounting policies and Key accounting estimates and judgements

1

See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2-46

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31st March, 2022

(` in Crores)

Particulars

Notes

Year

2021-22

Year

2020-21

REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS

Revenue from Sale of Products

23A

28,830.02

21,440.24

Revenue from Sale of Services

23A

93.46

44.96

Other Operating Revenue

23A

177.80

227.59

Other Income

24

380.01

303.05

Total Income (I)

29,481.29

22,015.84

EXPENSES

Cost of Materials Consumed

25A

16,254.59

10,317.09

Purchases of Stock-in-Trade

25B

3,371.13

1,872.59

Changes in inventories of finished goods, Stock-in-Trade and work-in-progress

25C

(1,324.97)

(92.45)

Employee Benefits Expense

26

1,786.67

1,540.75

Other Expenses

27

4,210.25

3,219.21

Total Expenses (II)

24,297.67

16,857.19

EARNING BEFORE INTEREST, TAX, DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION

(EBITDA) (I-II)

5,183.62

5,158.65

Finance Costs

28

95.41

91.63

Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

29

816.36

791.27

PROFIT BEFORE SHARE OF PROFIT IN ASSOCIATE AND EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS

4,271.85

4,275.75

Share of profit in Associate

34

31.57

28.60

PROFIT BEFORE EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS AND TAX

4,303.42

4,304.35

Exceptional items

39

115.70

-

PROFIT BEFORE TAX

4,187.72

4,304.35

Tax Expense

21

(1) Current Tax

1,161.53

1,114.02

(2) Short tax provision for earlier years

2.82

7.74

(3) Deferred Tax

(61.44)

(24.16)

Total tax expense

1,102.91

1,097.60

PROFIT AFTER TAX

3,084.81

3,206.75

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (OCI)

(A) Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss

(a) (i) Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans

32

4.59

(6.24)

(ii) Income tax (expense)/benefit on remeasurement of defined benefit

plans

(0.96)

1.79

(b) (i) Net fair value (loss)/gain on investments in equity instruments through

OCI

(82.31)

57.26

(ii) Income tax benefit/(expense) on net fair value gain on investments in

equity instruments through OCI

9.59

(4.88)

(c) Share of OCI in associate

(0.05)

0.73

(B) Items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss

(a) (i) Net fair value (loss)/gain on investment in debt instruments through OCI

(3.26)

2.41

(ii) Income tax benefit/(expense) on net fair value gain on investment in

debt instruments through OCI

0.39

(0.28)

(b) Exchange difference arising on translation of foreign operations

(153.65)

(56.47)

Total Other Comprehensive Income (A+B)

(225.66)

(5.68)

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR

2,859.15

3,201.07

This space has been intentionally left blank

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No: 046930

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN: 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

10th May, 2022

Mumbai

10th May, 2022

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended 31st March,2022

A) EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL

(` in Crores)

Particulars

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

Balance at the beginning of the reporting year

95.92

95.92

Changes in Equity Share capital due to prior period errors

-

-

Restated balance at the beginning of the current reporting period

95.92

95.92

Changes in Equity Share capital during the year

-

-

Balance at the end of the reporting year

95.92

95.92

B) OTHER EQUITY

(` in Crores)

Particulars

Attributable to owners of the Company

Total

Reserves and Surplus

Items of Other Comprehensive Income(OCI)

Total

attributable

to owners of

the Company

Non-

controlling

interests

Capital

Reserve on

Consolidation

Capital

Reserve

Capital

Redemption

Reserve

Statutory

Reserves

General

Reserve

Retained

earnings

Remeasurement

of the defined

benefit plans

Other

Reserves

Share

of other

reserves in

Associate

Share

based

Payment

Reserve

Treasury

Shares

Trust

reserve

Debt

instruments

through

OCI

Foreign

Currency

Translation

Reserve

Equity

instruments

through

OCI

Share of

OCI in

Associate

Balance as at 1st April, 2020 (A)

39.16

44.38

5.37

14.37

4,715.75

5,222.86

(18.22)

(17.71)

-

-

-

-

2.48

(142.09)

168.63

(0.74)

10,034.24

403.53

10,437.77

Additions during the year :

Profit for the year

-

-

-

-

-

3,139.29

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

3,139.29

67.46

3,206.75

Items of OCI for the year, net of tax

Exchange differences on translating the financial

statements of foreign operations

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(46.86)

-

-

(46.86)

(9.61)

(56.47)

Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans

-

-

-

-

-

-

(4.25)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(4.25)

(0.20)

(4.45)

Net fair value gain on investment in equity

instruments through OCI

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

52.38

-

52.38

-

52.38

Net fair value gain on investment in debt

instruments through OCI

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

2.13

-

-

-

2.13

-

2.13

Share of the OCI in Associate

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.73

0.73

-

0.73

Total Comprehensive Income for the year (B)

-

-

-

-

-

3,139.29

(4.25)

-

-

-

-

-

2.13

(46.86)

52.38

0.73

3,143.42

57.65

3,201.07

Reductions during the year :

Dividends (Refer note 31)

-

-

-

-

-

(465.23)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(465.23)

(38.32)

(503.55)

Equity/other changes in Associate

-

(2.91)

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.85

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(2.06)

-

(2.06)

Transfer to Statutory Reserves and General

Reserve

-

-

-

0.43

-

(0.43)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Total (C)

-

(2.91)

-

0.43

-

(465.66)

-

-

0.85

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(467.29)

(38.32)

(505.61)

Balance as at 31st March, 2021 (D) = (A+B+C)

39.16

41.47

5.37

14.80

4,715.75

7,896.49

(22.47)

(17.71)

0.85

-

-

-

4.61

(188.95)

221.01

(0.01)

12,710.37

422.86

13,133.23

Balance as at 31st March, 2021 (D)

39.16

41.47

5.37

14.80

4,715.75

7,896.49

(22.47)

(17.71)

0.85

-

-

-

4.61

(188.95)

221.01

(0.01)

12,710.37

422.86

13,133.23

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No: 046930

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN: 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

10th May, 2022

Mumbai

10th May, 2022

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

for the year ended 31st March, 2022

(` in Crores)

Particulars

Year

2021-22

Year

2020-21

(A)

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Profit before tax

4,187.72

4,304.35

Adjustments for :

Depreciation and amortisation expense

816.36

791.27

Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment (net)

(44.36)

(18.33)

Net gain on modification/ termination of leases

(4.27)

(3.20)

Finance costs

95.41

91.63

Allowances for doubtful debts and advances

57.56

33.43

Bad debts written off

2.15

3.42

Interest income

(92.72)

(67.32)

Dividend income

(15.16)

(7.81)

Share of profit in Associate [Refer note 34]

(31.57)

(28.60)

Impairment loss on Goodwill in Causeway Lanka [Refer note 39]

13.47

-

Net gain arising on financial assets measured at fair value through Profit & Loss (FVTPL)

(76.09)

(92.28)

Share based payment expense (net)

10.94

-

Provision for expected credit loss [Refer note 39]

53.73

-

Deferred income arising from government grant

(1.76)

(2.28)

Net unrealised foreign exchange loss/(gain)

57.60

(12.31)

Effect of exchange rates on translation of operating cashflows

(71.61)

(22.44)

Operating Profit before working capital changes

4,957.40

4,969.53

Adjustments for :

(Increase) in Inventories

(2,354.38)

(408.79)

(Increase) in trade receivables

(1,326.48)

(848.57)

Increase in trade payables

644.02

1,142.75

(Increase) in financial assets

(130.62)

(236.86)

(Increase) in other assets

(21.21)

(256.08)

Increase in other financial liabilities

237.19

250.07

Increase in other liabilities and provisions

156.26

151.02

Cash generated from Operating activities

2,162.18

4,763.07

Income Tax paid (net of refund)

(1,175.69)

(1,079.72)

Net Cash generated from Operating activities

986.49

3,683.35

(B)

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Purchase of Property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets

(538.24)

(281.87)

Sale of Property, plant and equipment (including advances)

39.58

27.61

Payment for acquiring right of use assets

(12.46)

(6.84)

Purchase of non-current investments

-

(0.50)

Sale of non-current investments

146.46

272.32

Sale / (Purchase) of current investments (net)

61.03

(139.34)

Net investment in term deposits (having original maturity more than three months)

(110.21)

(500.33)

Interest received

76.99

73.35

Dividend received

15.16

7.81

Net Cash used in Investing activities

(321.69)

(547.79)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

(as at 31st March, 2021 ` 4.58 crores)]

0.15

1.07

254.60

244.91

Payable towards other expenses

[including ` 4.72 crores due to Non-Executive Directors

(as at 31st March, 2021 ` 4.70 crores)]

-

0.04

780.65

757.18

Forward exchange contract(net)

-

-

0.97

-

2.18

3.38

1,862.15

1,568.00

Total

2.18

3.38

1,886.81

1,594.67

# As at 31st March, 2022, ` 23.47 crores (31st March, 2021 : ` 21.64 crores) is the amount of unclaimed dividend which remains unpaid by the Parent

Company, and shall be transferred to Investor Education and Protection Fund ('IEPF') as and when they become due. There is no amount due and

outstanding to be transferred to the IEPF by the Parent Company.

NOTE 18 : PROVISIONS

(` in Crores)

Non-Current

Current

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

(a) Provision for Employee Benefits (Refer note 32)

Provision for Compensated absences

184.92

175.20

30.20

25.11

Provision for Gratuity

1.95

1.69

4.75

24.24

Provision for Pension, Leaving Indemnity, Medical Plan

and Others (unfunded)

30.25

32.33

4.29

1.72

Provision for Post retirement medical and other

benefits

1.20

5.99

1.46

1.65

218.32

215.21

40.70

52.72

(b) Others (Refer note 43)

Provision for Excise

-

-

1.50

2.24

Provision for CST/VAT and Other Statutory Liabilities

-

-

26.83

28.93

Provision for Warranties

-

-

0.67

0.54

-

-

29.00

31.71

Total

218.32

215.21

69.70

84.43

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO and based on employee’s grade, performance rating and such

other criteria as may be considered appropriate. The employees shall be entitled to receive one equity share of the

Parent Company on exercise of each stock option, subject to performance of the employees and continuation of

employment over the vesting period. The exercise price for stock options granted are at a discount of 50% to the

Reference Share Price (the average of the daily high and low of the volume weighted average prices of the Shares

quoted on a recognised stock exchange during the 22 trading days preceding the day on which the grant is made) of

the shares of the Parent Company as defined under 2021 Plan.

NOTE 32 : EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (CONTD.)

1)

Post-employment benefits : (Contd.)

e)

Provident Fund (Contd.)

Further, the 2021 Plan replaced the existing Deferred Incentive Scheme (which provided for deferred cash pay-outs

based on performance of the employees and satisfaction of vesting conditions). Pursuant to launch of 2021 Plan,

the eligible employees were given option to convert existing deferred incentive benefit for FY 2020-21 into ESOPs.

Accordingly, stock options were granted to those employees opting for ESOPs.

The Administrator approved secondary purchase of shares equivalent to the options granted in August 2021

through Asian Paints Employees Stock Ownership Trust (“ESOP Trust” or “Trust”) which is shown as treasury shares

in the Statement of Changes in Equity.

a)

Details of Stock Options granted:

Particulars

Grant 1

Grant 2

Grant 3

Grant Date

16th August 2021

16th August 2021

10th February 2022

Vesting Date

31st March 2024

31st March 2025

31st March 2025

Fair Value at Grant Date (`)

1,685.13

1,752.87

1,884.83

Exercise Price (`)*

1,518.70

1,518.70

1,632.53

Options outstanding at the beginning of the year

-

-

-

Options granted during the year

1,10,514

1,16,022

4,425

Options exercised during the year

-

-

-

Options forfeited during the year

-

-

-

Options lapsed during the year

2,160

2,718

-

Balance as at year end

1,08,354

1,13,304

4,425

Exercisable at period end

-

-

-

Weighted Average remaining contractual life (years)

3

4

4

*Also represents weighted average exercise price for respective option series towards all the movement including opening and closing

outstanding options.

b) Fair Value of Stock Options granted:

Fair Value of Stock Options was calculated using the Black Scholes Model. The key assumptions used for

calculating the option fair value are as below:

Grant date

Risk free

interest rate

Expected life

Expected

volatility

Dividend Yield

Market price

at the time of

grant of the

option (`)

Exercise

price

Assumptions:

Zero Coupon

Sovereign

Bond

Interest Rate

equivalent for

option life

Tenure to vesting of

options and half of

exercise period assuming

even exercise of shares

during exercise period

Based on

daily volatility

for period

equivalent for

option life

Dividend yield

is calculated as

dividend paid in

last FY divided

by current share

price

50% of

Reference

Share Price

Grant 1-

16th August, 2021

5.07%

3.12 years

34.67%

0.60%

2,987.55

1,518.70

Grant 2 -

16th August, 2021

5.50%

4.12 years

32.17%

0.60%

2,987.55

1,518.70

Grant 3 -

10th February, 2022

5.57%

3.63 years

33.93%

0.55%

3,228.35

1,632.53

During the year, the Group has recognized an expense of ` 10.94 crores (31st March, 21: Nil). This is net of

reversal of provision of deferred incentive scheme of ` 2.45 crores.

NOTE 32 : EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (CONTD.)

3)

Employee share based payment plans (Contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Shri R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Non-Executive Directors

Late Shri. Abhay Vakil (upto 2nd November, 2021)

Shri. M.K. Sharma (upto 31st March, 2022)

Ms. Amrita Vakil

Ms. Nehal Vakil (w.e.f. 1st March, 2022)

Shri. Ashwin Dani

Mrs. Pallavi Shroff

Shri. Deepak Satwalekar (Chairman)

Shri. R Seshasayee

Shri. Jigish Choksi

Dr. S. Sivaram (upto 30th September, 2021)

Shri. Malav Dani

Shri. Suresh Narayanan

Shri. Manish Choksi (Vice Chairman)

Mrs. Vibha Paul Rishi

Shri. Milind Sarwate (w.e.f. 21st October, 2021)

c)

Close family members of Key Managerial Personnel who are under the employment of the Company:

Shri. Varun Vakil

d) Entities where Directors/Close family members of Directors having control/significant influence:

Addverb Technologies Pvt. Ltd.

Hitech Specialities Solutions Ltd.

Resins and Plastics Ltd.

Ankleshwar Industrial Development

Society

Jalaj Trading And Investment Company

Pvt. Ltd.

Ricinash Renewable Materials Pvt. Ltd. ##

Ashwin Suryakant Dani (HUF)

Jaldhar Investments And Trading

Company Pvt. Ltd

Rupen Investment and Industries Pvt. Ltd.

Asteroids Trading And Investments Pvt.

Ltd

Lambodar Investments And Trading

Company Ltd.

Sattva Holding and Trading Pvt. Ltd.

Castle Investment & Industries Pvt. Ltd.

Lyon Investment and Industries Pvt. Ltd.

Satyadharma Investments And Trading

Company Pvt Ltd.

Centaurus Trading And Investments Pvt.

Ltd.

Murahar Investments And Trading

Company Ltd.

Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas & Co.

Dani Finlease Pvt. Ltd. @

Navbharat Packaging Industries Pvt. Ltd. *

Stack Pack Ltd. ^

Doli Trading and Investments Pvt. Ltd.

Nehal Trading and Investments Pvt. Ltd.

Smiti Holding And Trading Company Pvt.

Ltd.

Elcid Investments Ltd.

Paladin Paints And Chemicals Pvt. Ltd.

Sudhanva Investments And Trading

Company Pvt.Ltd.

ELF Trading And Chemicals Mfg. Pvt.

Ltd. ^^

Parekh Plast India Ltd. **

Suptaswar Investments And Trading

Company Ltd.

Geetanjali Trading and Investments Pvt.

Ltd.

Piramal Swasthya Management and

Research Institute

Tru Trading And Investments Pvt. Ltd.

Gujarat Organics Ltd.

Pragati Chemicals Ltd. #

Unnati Trading And Investments Pvt. Ltd.

Hiren Holdings Pvt. Ltd.

Pratham Education Foundation

Vikatmev Containers Ltd.

Hitech Corporation Ltd.

Rayirth Holding And Trading Company

Pvt. Ltd.

Hydra Trading Private Limited

* change in name w.e.f. 22nd December, 2021 (formerly known as Navbharat Packaging Industries Ltd.).

** till 31st December, 2020

# merged with Resins and Plastics Ltd from 1st August, 2020

## formerly known as Ricinash Oil Mill Ltd. (till 25th August, 2021) & Ricinash Renewable Materials Ltd (till.7th March, 2022).

^ w.e.f. 20th January, 2021

^^ change in name w.e.f. 22nd December, 2021 (formerly known as ELF Trading And Chemicals Mfg. Ltd.).

@ change in name w.e.f. 7th February, 2022 (formerly known as Dani Finlease Ltd.).

e) Other entities where significant influence exist :

i)

Post employment-benefit plan entity:

Asian Paints (India) Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund

ii) Others :

Asian Paints Office Provident Fund (Employee benefit plan)

Asian Paints Factory Employees' Provident Fund (Employee benefit plan)

Asian Paints Management Cadres' Superannuation Scheme (Employee benefit plan)

Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties:

1.

The Group has been entering into transactions with related parties for its business purposes. Related party vendors

are selected competitively in line with other unrelated parties having regard to strict adherence to quality, timely

servicing, and cost advantage. Further related party vendors provide additional advantages in terms of:

(a) Supplying products primarily to the Group,

(b) Advanced and innovative technology,

(c) Customization of products to suit the Group’s specific requirements, and

(d) Enhancement of the Group’s purchase cycle and assurance of just in time supply with resultant benefits–

notably on working capital.

2.

The purchases from and sales to related parties are made on terms equivalent to and those applicable to all

unrelated parties on arm’s length transactions.

Outstanding balances payable and receivable at the year-end are unsecured, interest free and will be settled in cash.

3.

The assessment of receivables is undertaken in each financial year through examining the financial position of

related parties, the market and regulatory environment in which related parties operate and is in accordance with

the accounting policy of the Group.

Compensation of key management personnel of the Parent Company:

(` in Crores)

Particulars

2021-22

2020-21

Short-term employee benefits

23.38

18.50

Post-employment benefits

0.12

0.14

Total compensation paid to key management personnel

23.50

18.64

Details of transactions with and balances outstanding of associate companies:

(` in Crores)

Name of the related party

Nature of transaction

2021-22

2020-21

Transaction

value

Outstanding

amount

Transaction

value

Outstanding

amount

PPG Asian Paints Private Limited

Revenue from Sale of Products

6.78

1.67

7.09

2.59

Purchase of Goods

3.57

2.06

0.44

0.38

Purchase of Assets

0.42

-

-

-

Processing Income

11.62

(0.13)

13.40

#

Royalty Income

3.25

0.50

3.17

0.40

Other Non Operating Income

7.38

0.93

8.76

0.71

Processing charges

0.41

0.01

0.15

0.14

Reimbursement of Expenses -

received

0.19

0.08

0.67

0.23

Reimbursement of Expenses - paid

0.02

-

0.45

-

Revocoat India Private Limited

Other Non Operating Income

0.19

0.02

0.18

#

# Represents amounts less than ` 50,000/-

NOTE 33 : RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTD.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN No: 07232566

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN No: 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

10th May, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

