Dear Stakeholders,

The Indian economy sharply bounced back in FY 2021-22, with

robust GDP growth of 8.7% after 6.6% contraction reported in

the previous year due to restrictions and lockdowns imposed by

the Government to control the spread of COVID-19 pandemic.

Government expenditure and domestic spending has supported

the economy, complemented by a long-term focused growth-

oriented budget. The initiatives undertaken by the Government

in the recent past, such as the commodity-intensive National

Infrastructure Pipeline (NIP) and Production Linked Incentive

(PLI) scheme to boost local manufacturing, will play a big role

in making India a manufacturing hub for global majors. This

is encouraging, and such bold and scalable programmes are

instrumental in realising the vision of a self-reliant India.

Indian chemical industry performance

According to CRISIL, the Indian Speciality chemicals industry

will outpace its Chinese counterpart and double its share of the

global market to ~6% by 2026 from 3-4% in fiscal 2021. This will

drive a strong revenue growth of 18-20% this fiscal and 14-15% in

the next fiscal, compared to single-digit growth reported in the

previous two fiscals.

The chemical industry across the globe is undergoing a strategic

shift in supply chain from China to other countries including

India. This presents huge opportunity for India to showcase their

expertise and become a global hub for chemical manufacturing.

China emerged as a global manufacturing giant in recent decades.

Since 2000, its chemical production capacity has increased

eightfold. However, in recent years, capacity reductions as a result

of increasing environmental compliance of chemical facilities,

a trade war with the US, and, most recently, COVID-19 crisis-led

lockdowns and Russia-Ukraine war have led companies to adopt

a China+1 strategy. With supply chain disruption and uncertainty

in China, global players are looking to diversify their sourcing, and

India provides strong alternatives with similar scale, technology,

raw materials, and supportive Government policies.

The year in perspective

We continued to be agile to the changing needs and preferences of

our customers and delivered specialised solutions to stay ahead

of the curve. While doing so, we prudently deployed capital to

elevate our market position in the chosen chemistries. Despite

a challenging macro-economic backdrop, we demonstrated

immense resilience to continue our operations uninterrupted,

while fulfilling the supply commitments of customers. We

undertook several enhancements in the product mix, improved

realisations and cost reduction efforts which helped deliver better

margin profile. Overall, we achieved highest-ever revenue and

profitability during FY 2021-22 despite all odds.

Premised on strong earnings performance, the Board of Directors

recommended a dividend of ₹ 7 per equity share, i.e., 350%

of face value of ₹ 2 each for FY 2021-22 towards rewarding its

shareholders.

At Deepak Nitrite, R&D forms a cornerstone for growth, and

we consistently build our capabilities and competencies in

process research, product innovation, intellectual property,

and analytical references to provide integrated solutions for our

customers. We are making sizeable investment in R&D to build

in-house capability to create a pipeline of products that will drive

future growth. Deepak Research and Development Centre (DRDC)

has enabled us to file applications for 36 patents cumulatively and

develop innovative and advanced intermediates that drive our

portfolio expansion.

Our people are our most valuable asset, and their domain

knowledge and experience provide us with a significant

competitive advantage. Our experienced professionals are

crucial to our ambition to become a global leader in our business.

The Company comprises committed and motivated employees

because we have developed a motivating work culture and

priortised the health of our employees through regular health

check-ups and safe work practices. We are committed to high

standards of ESG practice and our operations are aligned to

Responsible Care practices.

Access to basic health services is a challenge in villages and

economically challenged areas in India. As a responsible

corporate citizen, Deepak Group extends support to the residents

of these villages and rural areas by providing primary healthcare

services. We have launched 4 Mobile Health Units that provide

health care services in 133 villages around Dahej and Dugdha in

Gujarat and Taloja and Roha in Maharashtra. We have impacted

around 1,70,000 lives through our CSR initatives, in FY 2021-22.

Outlook

Looking ahead, we will continue the next phase of our growth

journey by strengthening the quality of customer engagement,

sharpening existing strong procurement and logistics practices,

enhancing safety and sustainability efforts and nurturing a

progressive work culture. Our planned foray into advanced

solvents, various upstream and downstream products and adding

new chemistry platforms is a step in the right direction to diversify

our product portfolio, widen the customer base, and increase

the value-addition across the portfolio. All this will fortify our

business proposition, while elevating our leadership position

across chosen chemistries. We will continue to be a partner of

choice for leading Indian and global conglomerates by leveraging

deep chemistry expertise and robust manufacturing set-up.

I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to all our

stakeholders and shareholders for their untiring support that

helped us beat the industry standards and set new benchmarks. I

look forward to a bright future in the years to come.

Regards,

Deepak C. Mehta

Chairman and: Managing Director

Dear Stakeholders,

Despite huge challenges in the operating environment in

the year gone by, we sharpened focus on creating value for

business by continuing to build a company that is increasingly

agile, resilient, and future ready. I am delighted to share that

throughout FY 2021-22, Deepak’s integrated business model

ensured that financial strength remained resilient and major

strategic endeavours remained on track.

As the teams managed to harmonise the effects of the

unpredicatable swings in economic factors due to the pandemic

and geopolitical forces, we evaluated our raison d’être- most

important reasons to exist- from the perspective of our key

stakeholders. Every stakeholder has an opportunity cost while

investing their money, time, business, trust, and we must

demonstrate how we value this by giving them a reason to

‘Depend on Deepak’.

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

Deepak Nitrite Limited

14

15

Corporate Overview

Financial Statements

Statutory Reports

02-65:

Dear Stakeholders,

In FY 2021-22, Deepak Phenolics delivered Revenue of

₹ 4,291 Crores (growth of 68%) and EBITDA of

₹ 974 Crores.

This year, we achieved record levels of sales and earnings

as a result of improved plant performance and customer

engagement. Widespread logistics and supply bottlenecks,

increasing energy and raw materials prices and remnants of

the pandemic are some of the challenges that the world still

struggles with. Our financial performance confirms that we

are on the right path with our strategic direction, our adapted

organisational structure and our ongoing cost discipline.

During the year, our plants operated efficiently and continued

achieving an overall higher plant utilisation on sustainable

basis. With the strategic objective of moving into value-added

downstream products, we commenced the production of Iso-

propyl Alcohol (IPA) at the manufacturing facility at Dahej amidst

the Covid-19 pandemic. We undertook a brownfield expansion

project and by December 2021 we doubled our IPA production

capability to 60,000 MTPA.

Given the rising demand from the laminates and plywood

industry, we believe phenol consumption in India is likely to

grow in double digits over near to medium term. With India’s

largest phenol-acetone plant, we will continue to accrue

benefits from the country’s growing demand and import

substitutions. The long-term prospects remain strong and

intact. Our fully-integrated manufacturing facilities will help us

manage and produce chemicals with a competitive advantage.

We aim to add high-value solvents, which are backward

integrated and have set aside ₹ 700 Crores for capital

expenditure, which is expected to be completed by FY 2023-24.

Life sciences, paints and coatings, among other industries, will

greatly benefit from these products.

We are well-positioned to continue to play a leading role in

a robustly growing industry. Our scale and diversification

across products, geographies, and markets is our competitive

advantage. We have the right team and strategy in place to

deliver long-term sustainable growth and continue to create

value for our stakeholders. I would like to thank my colleagues

across our Group for their hard work throughout FY 2021-22

and our shareholders, customers and stakeholders for their

continual support

Regards,

Meghav Mehta

Executive Director

Deepak Phenolics Limited

Executive Director’s Message

Driving Growth with

Consistency and Conviction

Deepak Nitrite Limited

17

Corporate Overview

Financial Statements

Statutory Reports

02-65:

Managing Director

Shri Maulik Mehta

Executive Director & CEO

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Director (Finance) & CFO

With a career spanning almost five decades, Shri Deepak C. Mehta has been at the

forefront of India’s emergent Chemicals Industry, steering Deepak Group into a market

leading position in the Chemical Intermediates sector. Shri Mehta belongs to a rare creed

of entrepreneurs, who were ahead of their milieu, to focus exclusively on the sustainable

aspect of business, and thereby achieve inclusive economic impact.

His vision and tireless efforts have materialised in: letter, action and spirit of Deepak Group,

bringing ‘Responsible Chemistry’ to life and instilling ‘Value from Waste’ as well as ‘Triple

Bottomline’ elements at the heart of the Company’s operations.

Under his auspicious leadership, Deepak Group has undergone revolutionary expansion

and strategic diversification, foraying new products and segments, augmenting existing

capabilities and an ever-increasing geographic penetration, both internationaland

national. Today, Deepak Group is a recognised leader in Basic Intermediates, Fine &

Speciality Chemicals and Performance Products alike, with marquee customers across 45+

countries spanning every continent on the globe.

Under his stewardship, Deepak Group has commissioned India’s largest Phenol-Acetone

plant, in Dahej, Gujarat, a state-of-the-art facility with IoT-enabled systems and cutting-

edge green technology that have earned it the title of being the lowest thermal footprint

facility in the world.

With Shri Deepak C. Mehta, at helm, the Company embraced ‘Make in India’ for the world

and ‘Atmanirbhar Bharat’ by gaining scalability from its state-of-the-art manufacturing

processes, creating a brand that evokes trust.

Apart from his active entrepreneurial engagements, Shri Mehta is a trustee at the

Deepak Foundation, a philanthropic initiative, dedicated to improving the quality of

life for the under- privileged and the needy. The Foundation is committed to improving

life expectancy among women and children, who do not have access to basic medical

facilities.

He is also associated with the BAIF Development Research Foundation, a not-for-profit

organisation dedicated to empowering and transforming lives in rural India. An avid

animal-lover, Shri Mehta is also a part of Vadodara Society for Prevention of Cruelty to

Animals (VSPCA). He is a Member of the Board at GSFC University, and an Ex-

Managing Director of the Company from December

1989 till December 2017. With extensive experience, a comprehensive approach and

industry foresight, Shri Ajay C. Mehta has paved the way for innovation and excellence at

Deepak Nitrite Limited. He is presently a Non-Executive Director in Deepak Nitrite Limited

and a: Managing Director of Deepak Novochem Technologies Limited. He is a member of

the Executive Committee of Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture

and various other developmental institutions and social organisations.

Dear Stakeholders,

The year gone by was undoubtedly one of the most

challenging years in recent memory. There were

unprecedented macro shocks and circumstances challenged

each aspect of our operations. However, owing to sheer

zeal of overcoming these upheavals and using them as a

springboard to leap up, the entire organisation ameliorated

the odds to showcase a ‘never-before’ performance. I simply

avail this opportunity to express my sincerest gratitude to

one and all at Deepak and especially to the Board members

for their unwavering confidence on the entire team.

Working capital management

We have been vigilant on the realisability of inventory and

receivables. Around the time the war broke out, with a rapid

intensifying threat of sanctions on our Russian customer, we

moved quickly and proactively to end our exposure.

We are closely monitoring customer requirements in Europe

given the pressure caused by curtailment of Russian natural

gas supplies. Given the dynamic nature of the global industry,

we are also assessing the eventuality of supply assurance from

China given it’s zero tolerance policy for Covid. In a nutshell,

we are constantly monitoring the situation and working

to ensure uninterrupted operations while remaining cost

effective.

It is critical to remain available to customers on a 24/7 basis

and deliver on supply commitments as doing so during

challenging times is what truly differentiates a provider like us

across the global landscape. We are pleased that in almost all

our products, we have increased both market share and wallet

share of key accounts.

Qualified Institutions Placement (QIP)

DNL has received approval from its shareholders for fund raise

through issue of additional equity shares through QIP route

upto ₹ 2,000 Crores; while this resolution shall remain in force

for a year upto January 26, 2023, we expect to launch it at an

appropriate time.

Governance and Orientation

Our commitment to deliver superior customer satisfaction,

consistent and competitive profitable growth remains

stronger than ever. The competitive situation today shows

that investing is imperative to be future-ready, which is part

of our growth strategy. Integrity and transparency are our key

governance pillars, and our governance practices and financial

reporting have been in tandem with our goal of long-term

value creation. Finally, I am grateful to all our stakeholders for

their continued trust and support that makes DNL stronger

with each passing day.

I express my sincere thanks and gratitude to all our

stakeholders, including our shareholders, for being with us

and having trust in us, during the challenging time.

Regards,

Sanjay Upadhyay

Director (Finance) & Chief Financial Officer

We endeavour to maximise value for all stakeholders through

the implementation of differentiated business strategies,

optimum utilisation of resources and further refinement of

business processes towards enhancement of our sustainable

business model. The financial performance clearly indicates

that even as we prioritised our communities, our people and

our customers, we ensured that opportunities to maximise

revenues, reduce expenses or tactically enhance the business

were not foregone. While growing as a profitable business, the

funds generated are utilised to create value across all other

capitals, ensuring that the benefits of growth are far-reaching

and sustainable.

We reported our highest ever Revenue, EBITDA and PAT despite

facing plethora of challenges caused by severe volatility in prices

of raw materials, constraints in availability and regular supply

of inputs as well the challenges to logistics across global and

domestic trade. This was further accelerated by the ongoing

Russia-Ukraine war with consequent pressure on gas price,

making many important intermediate materials dearer day

by day.

We ended this year on a high note, with consolidated revenue

increasing by 56% on a year-on-year basis accompanied by 37%

year-on-year growth in PAT. The combination of high utilisation

and focused pricing have enabled DNL to report its highest

ever annual turnover. We faced unprecedented pressure on

inputs and logistics prices during the year. However, the entire

organisation could work towards better pricing, volume gains,

increase in wallet and market share in almost all cases, as well

as process improvement and cost leadership initiatives across

business segments. The outcome is visible in the sustained

growth performance.

The Company achieved ROCE of over 30% on a standalone basis

for more than 10 consecutive quarters now. On the balance

sheet front, the financial position of Deepak is very sound with

a zero-debt position (net basis). We have not only attained net

debt-free status but also steadily built-up surplus funds of ₹ 437

Crores, which have been invested in highly secured debt funds,

as plans are firmed up for its eventual deployment in growth

accretive expansion programmes.

Credit rating

Recognising the disciplined and improved financial position, the

long-term credit rating of Deepak has improved from AA stable

to AA positive by ICRA with a similar improvement for Deepak

Phenolics’ long-term credit rating which was upgraded from

AA- stable to AA positive. Importantly, these upgrades reflecting

improved credit worthiness have been realised in less than a

year’s time in the backdrop of tightening liquidity and a less

favourable environment for capital raising.

Capex

Projects approved by the Board aggregating to ₹ 1,500 Crores

are being implemented as per plan and commissioning is

expected in a phased manner from FY 2022-23 to the next 12

to 24 months; this includes value-added products of Phenol

and Acetone, adding new chemistry platforms, investing into

upstream and downstream integration projects.

The Company has achieved ROCE

of over 30% on a standalone basis for

more than 10 consecutive quarters

now. On the balance sheet front, the

financial position of Deepak is strong

with a zero-debt position (net basis).

We have not only attained net debt-

free status but also steadily built-up

surplus funds of ₹ 437 Crores, which

have been invested in highly secured

debt funds, as plans are firmed up for

its eventual deployment in growth

accretive expansion programmes.

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

Deepak Nitrite Limited

44

45

Corporate Overview

Financial Statements

Statutory Reports

02-65:

Managing Director

Shri Maulik Mehta

Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Director (Finance) & Chief Financial Officer

Shri Ajay C. Mehta

Non-Executive Director

Shri S. K. Anand

Non-Executive Director

Shri Meghav Mehta*

Additional Director

Shri Sudhir Mankad

Independent Director

Dr. Richard H. Rupp

Independent Director

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram

Independent Director

Shri Sanjay Asher

Independent Director

Smt. Purvi Sheth

Independent Director

Shri Dileep Choksi

Independent Director

AUDIT COMMITTEE

Shri Dileep Choksi

Chairman

Shri Sudhir Mankad

Member

Shri S. K. Anand

Member

Shri Sanjay Asher

Member

STAKEHOLDER’S RELATIONSHIP &

INVESTORS GRIEVANCE COMMITTEE

Shri Ajay C. Mehta

Chairman

Shri Sanjay Asher

Member

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Member

NOMINATION & REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Shri Sudhir Mankad

Chairman

Shri S. K. Anand

Member

Smt. Purvi Sheth

Member

RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

Shri Deepak C. Mehta

Chairman

Shri S. K. Anand

Member

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Member

Shri Maulik Mehta

Member

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram

Member

* Appointed as an Additional Director with effect from May 4, 2022.

Deepak Nitrite Limited

84

85

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

66-171

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director to decide the mode of holding

51st Annual General Meeting (“AGM”). In view of rising Cases of

COVID-19 and as a safety measure, the Chairman & Managing

Director of the Company decided to hold the AGM through VC/

OAVM. Hence, in compliance with the Circulars, the AGM of the

Company is being held through VC/OAVM.

2.

In terms of the Circulars, the physical attendance of Members

is dispensed with and there is no requirement of appointment

of proxies. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies

by Members will not be available for the AGM and hence,

the Proxy Form and Attendance Slip are not annexed to this

Notice. However, Corporate Members are entitled to appoint

authorised representatives to attend the AGM through

VC/OAVM and participate thereat and cast their votes through

e-Voting. Since the AGM will be held through VC/OAVM, the Route

Map for AGM venue is not required to be annexed to the Notice.

3.

The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through

VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the

quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.

4.

In compliance with the Circulars, Notice of the AGM along

with the Annual Report for the Financial Year 2021-22 is being

sent only through email to those Members whose email IDs

are registered with the Company/Depositories. Members may

note that the Notice of the AGM and Annual Report for the

Financial Year 2021-22 will also be available on the Company’s

website www.godeepak.com, and the websites of the Stock

Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of

India Limited at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com,

respectively and on the website of NSDL (agency providing the

remote e-Voting facility) at www.evoting.nsdl.com.

5.

Members who have not yet registered their email addresses

are requested to register the same with their Depository

Participants in case the shares are held by them in electronic

mode and with the Company’s Registrar & Share Transfer

Agent i.e. Link Intime India Private Limited (“RTA”) in case the

shares are held by them in physical mode.

6.

Process for Registration/updation of E-mail ID, PAN, Bank Account Details and other details:

Type of Holder Process to be followed

Physical

For availing the following investor services, send a written request in the prescribed forms to the RTA of the Company,

Link Intime India Private Limited either by email to vadodara@linkintime.co.in or by post to B-102-103, Shangrila

Complex, 1st Floor, Opp. HDFC Bank, Near Radhakrishna Chhar Rasta, Akota, Vadodara – 390 020

Tel: 0265-2356794 / 6136000

Form for availing investor services to register PAN, email address, bank details and other KYC

details or changes/update thereof for securities held in physical mode

Form ISR-1

Update of signature of securities holder

Form ISR-2

For nomination as provided in the Rules 19 (1) of Companies (Share capital and debenture)

Rules, 2014

Form SH-13

Declaration for opting out of Nomination

Form ISR-3

Cancellation of nomination by the holder(s) (along with ISR-3)/Change of Nominee

Form SH-14

Form for requesting issue of Duplicate Certificate and other service requests for shares/

debentures/ bonds, etc., held in physical form

Form ISR-4

The forms for updating the above details are available at:

https://www.godeepak.com/investor-related-forms/

Demat

Members holding shares in dematerialised mode are requested to intimate all changes pertaining to their bank

details, National Electronic Clearing Service (“NECS”), Electronic Clearing Service (“ECS”), mandates, nominations,

power of attorney, change of address/name, e-mail address, contact numbers, etc. to their Depository Participant

(“DP”) only, and not to the Company’s RTA.

Changes intimated to the Depository Participant will then be automatically reflected in the Company’s records

which will help the Company and its RTA to provide efficient and better services to the Members.

This may be treated as an advance opportunity in terms of proviso to Rule 18(3) (i) of the Companies (Management and Administration)

Rules, 2014.

Notice (Contd.)

Deepak Nitrite Limited

88

89

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

66-171

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview:

letter

etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorised

signatory(ies) who are authorised to vote, to the Scrutiniser

by e-mail to dinesh.joshi@kanjcs.com with a copy marked

to evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other

than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board

Resolution/ Power of Attorney/ Authority: Letter etc. by

clicking on “Upload Board Resolution/Authority Letter”

displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be

disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go through the

“Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset

Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to

reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-Voting user

manual for Shareholders available at the download section

of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020

990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a request to Mr. Amit Vishal,

Asst. Vice President or Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager at

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not

registered with the depositories for obtaining user id and

password and registration of e-mail ids for e-voting for the

Resolutions set out in this Notice:

Shareholders may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for

obtaining user id and password for e-Voting.

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode, please provide

Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share

certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy

of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar

Card).

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-

CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name,

client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement,

PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-

attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card).

3.

If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in

demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method

explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and

joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting

facility provided by listed companies, individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through

their demat account maintained with Depositories and

Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update

their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat

account in order to access e-Voting facility.

Other Instructions

●

The Scrutiniser shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting

at the AGM, first count the votes cast during the AGM, thereafter

unblock the votes cast through remote e-Voting and submit,

not later than 48 hours of conclusion of the AGM, a consolidated

Scrutiniser’s Report of the total votes cast in favour or against,

if any, to the

Managing Director of the Company from 1989 till 2017. With extensive experience,

a comprehensive approach and industry foresight, Shri Ajay C. Mehta has paved the way for

innovation and excellence at Deepak Nitrite Limited. He is presently a Non-Executive Director

in Deepak Nitrite Limited and a: Managing Director of Deepak Novochem Technologies Limited.

He is a member of the Executive Committee of Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries

and Agriculture and various other developmental institutions and social organisations.

Qualifications

Science Graduate with Honours from University of Mumbai and Master of Science (Chemical

Engineering) from the University of Texas, USA

Directorships held in Companies

Listed Companies

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited

Unlisted Companies

Deepak Novochem Technologies Limited

Blueshell Investment Private Limited

Sofotel Infra Private Limited

Prolific Credits and Capital Private Limited

Lakaki Works Private Limited

Deepak Assets Reconstruction Private Limited

Crossover Advisors Private Limited

Satej International Resources Private Limited

(Previously Known as Synergy Li Power Resources (India) Private Limited

Shalimar Distributors and Investments Private Limited

Form3d Solutions Private Limited

Blackhill Investments Private Limited

Deepak Research and Development Foundation

Membership /

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors have pleasure in presenting the Fifty First (51st) Annual Report and the second Integrated Report of Deepak Nitrite Limited

(‘your Company’ or ‘the Company’) along with the Audited Financial Statements for the Financial Year (‘FY’) ended March 31, 2022. The

consolidated performance of the Company and its subsidiaries has been referred to wherever required.

FINANCIAL RESULTS

Your Company’s financial performance for the year ended March 31, 2022 is summarised below:

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Standalone

Consolidated

2021-22

2020-21

2021-22

2020-21

Total Revenue (Gross)

2,581.85

1,822.68

6,844.80

4,381.27

Operating Profit Before Depreciation, Finance Cost,

Exceptional Item and Tax (EBITDA)

716.15

549.61

1,646.19

1,268.55

Less: Depreciation and Amortisation expenses

72.54

66.88

177.70

152.63

Less: Finance Costs

1.60

4.12

34.04

74.20

Profit before Tax

642.01

478.61

1,434.45

1,041.72

Less: Tax expenses

155.80

123.89

367.81

265.91

Net Profit for the Year

486.21

354.72

1,066.64

775.81

Other Comprehensive Income

0.06

(1.30)

0.17

(1.07)

Total Comprehensive Income for the Year

486.27

353.42

1,066.81

774.74

Surplus brought forward from previous year

1,288.07

934.73

1,789.97

1,015.31

Balance available for Appropriation

1,774.54

1,288.07

2,856.98

1,789.97

Your Company continues to take precautions at all facilities and

offices and has complied with all prescribed norms while operating

its facilities during the Financial Year to ensure safety and well-being

of employees. Deepak Nitrite continues to prioritise the health and

well-being of its associates and the communities it serves and has

strived to ensure that all of its employees and their families are

completely vaccinated. The Company is proud to claim a 100%

vaccination record across its operations.

Without doubt, your Company’s business model has been put to test

by the ongoing global pandemic. The fundamental characteristics

of placing the customer first, focusing on high quality of product

and efficient execution, diversified operations as well as committed

and motivated manpower have enabled the Company to navigate

the uncertainties and emerge stronger through the unprecedented

challenges.

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

Standalone

Your Company performed well amid a challenging macro

environment, maintaining its performance momentum during the

Financial Year 2021-22. Aside from the instability induced by the

second wave of Covid-19 in India, the operational performance

was marked with rising input and energy costs, fluctuating foreign

exchange rates, inbound and outward logistic constraints coupled

with higher logistics costs, owing to various macroeconomic

and geo-political reasons. Your Company has leveraged its

manufacturing expertise, large facilities and nimble operations

to ensure efficient performance backed up with a strong financial

position. Further, your Company has undertaken several Project

investments to accelerate its growth momentum going forward.

The economic ramifications of the Ukraine-Russia conflict

are being felt around the world. Every commodity, from oil to

cereals to chemicals, is facing a price increase owing to disrupted

supply chains. Chemical sector had just turned around after

gaining ground from Covid-19 induced disruptions. However, the

Russia-Ukraine stand-off has emerged as a cause of concern for the

sector, as availability of several key building blocks is constrained

leading to impact on margins for key industry participants in the

near future. Substantial impact is arising on account of the sharp

rise in the prices of crude oil which is a key raw material for many

players. Sanctions on commodities formerly exported from

Russia, voluntary export limits, and measures to reduce oil and gas

imports will all have an impact on global trade. If the war persists,

established trade channels may be significantly destabilised

leading to trade flows getting significantly reshaped.

Notwithstanding these challenges, Deepak Nitrite’s business

performance has been strong, with Y-o-Y growth in all its Strategic

Business Units (’SBUs’) towards the end of the year. In FY 2021-22,

total revenue, including other income, was ₹ 2,581.85 Crores, up

from ₹ 1,822.68 Crores in FY 2020-21, a 42% increase. EBITDA for

FY 2021-22 was ₹ 716.15 Crores, up 30% from ₹ 549.61 Crores in the

previous year. In FY 2021-22, Profit Before Tax (‘PBT’) was ₹ 642.01

Crores, up from ₹ 478.61 Crores in FY 2020-21, a 34% increase. Profit

After Tax (‘PAT’) was ₹ 486.21 Crores in FY 2021-22, up 37% from

₹ 354.72 Crores the previous year.

The first half of FY 2021-22 witnessed contrasting business

challenges, with strong demand at the outset succumbing to

sharp rises in raw material, utility, and logistics costs. Within this

backdrop, the Company’s efforts to focus on cost management

and operational excellence enabled to alleviate the worst of the

volatility. Across all businesses, your Company has endeavored to

maintain and grow its market share while sustaining or increasing

its profitability. During the year, depreciation and finance costs

amounted to ₹ 72.54 Crores and ₹ 1.60 Crores, respectively. Your

Company is net debt-free as of March 31, 2022, and its operational

surplus of ₹ 436.79 Crores is invested in liquid mutual funds, which

offer liquidity, stability, and greater yields.

Domestic revenues grew by 52% to ₹ 1,454.16 Crores in FY 2021-22,

from ₹ 954.25 Crores in FY 2020-21, owing to consistent demand

from key end-user industries, also bolstered by targeted initiatives

on the product-mix front. Domestic requirements for chemical

intermediates are on an upswing, presenting new opportunities

for companies like yours. While Export revenue came in at

₹ 1,056.89 Crores, up from ₹ 854.89 Crores recorded in the previous

year. Export performance was driven by focused approach while

several countries where customers are located, were experiencing

faster return to normalcy with positive demand trajectory.

Moreover, international customers are reinforcing their supply

chains and are seeking a strategic shift from a philosophy of ‘just in

time’ to ‘just in case’ – a move that benefits your Company’s wide

portfolio of key intermediates.

Your Company has the potential to take advantage of the situation

and accelerate in the medium term to long term. With its unique

product mix and several decades of manufacturing experience,

Deepak Nitrite is an outstanding candidate to lead the India's

chemical manufacturing trend. This, combined with contributions

from existing brownfield expansions and upcoming greenfield

projects with value added forward integration, will strengthen the

competitiveness and places your Company aptly to grow its market

share, thereby generating value for all stakeholders.

Deepak Phenolics Limited

Deepak Phenolics Limited (‘DPL’), is a wholly owned material

subsidiary of your Company, engaged in business of manufacture of

Phenol, Acetone, Cumene and Isopropyl Alcohol ('IPA').

FY 2021-22 started with very good demand for Phenol and Acetone,

and prices remained buoyant on the back of regional manufacturing

disruptions and at the same time strong demand in global markets.

Though, global markets suffered by trade conflicts, unavailability of

vessels, political uncertainties, heightened volatility in commodity

prices, demand for chemical and petrochemical products witnessed

significant increase, especially in Indian sub-continent, with crude

oil prices started climbing to new levels and by start of third quarter

of the Financial Year, crude oil prices crossed hundred US dollar

mark. Other commodity prices in non-ferrous and ferrous metals

segments climbed to highest ever levels mainly due to Russia and

Ukraine war followed by plethora of sanctions imposed by US and

EU on Russia.

With healthy demand across all applications for all products

of DPL and highest ever prices of Phenol and Acetone, DPL has

demonstrated encouraging performance on sustained basis in

FY 2021-22, despite the challenges pertaining to feedstocks as well

Covid-19. In FY 2021-22, DPL reported Revenues of ₹ 4303.42 Crores

as against ₹ 2563.48 Crores in FY 2020-21 with Profit After Tax of

₹ 624.36 Crores in FY 2021-22 as against ₹ 421.16 Crores in FY 2020-21,

registering a growth of 68% and 48%, respectively. Phenol

business demonstrated encouraging performance on a sustained

basis, largely attributable to strong demand in India and excellent

operations carried out by the team. DPL also exported smaller

quantities to high-demand markets. Inspite of steep challenge

posed by peak of second wave of Covid-19, especially in availability

of logistics and manpower, the facility continued to operate at high

utilisation level.

As the next phase of growth is undertaken with deployment of

₹ 700 Crores, the Group’s product mix is expected to change to

more specialised products, both upstream and downstream, with

higher captive consumption of both Phenol and Acetone. The value

chain integration of chemical intermediates is expected to result in

increased value addition.

In a key development, the brownfield expansion of IPA has been

successfully completed in December, 2021. As a result, the capacity

for IPA has doubled to 60,000 MTPA. DPL is on the right track

of becoming a diversified chemical major, where the business

trajectory will continue to endure, with focus on innovation. DPL

aims to become a world-class supplier of solvents, which are well

integrated with its wide product basket and process competencies.

Consolidated

Your Company’s total revenue, including other income, was

recorded at ₹ 6,844.80 Crores in the Financial Year 2021-22,

gaining 56% from ₹ 4,381.27 Crores in the previous year. This

was attributable to recovery in standalone operations, across

all segments, which was aided by DPL’s significantly improved

performance. Even though several end-user industries were yet

to recover to pre-Covid levels of activity, the Company and DPL

have actively catered to both domestic and overseas markets

to drive higher volumes and capitalise on favourable realisation

trends. Against this backdrop, your Company has implemented

its operational plan effectively and efficiently, as well as met its

supply commitments, ensuring reliable and predictable deliveries

to customers. Overall, the Group has been responsive to maximise

the benefits of improved operating environment.

In FY 2021-22, EBITDA was ₹ 1,646.19 Crores, up 30% from ₹ 1,268.55

Crores in FY 2020-21. The improved operating performance in the

current year-to-date has driven EBITDA.

Profit Before Tax (‘PBT’) stood at ₹ 1,434.45 Crores as compared to

₹ 1,041.72 Crores in FY 2020-21, while Profit After Tax (‘PAT’) came in

at ₹ 1,066.64 Crores as compared to ₹ 775.81 Crores in FY 2020-21,

representing a strong growth of 38% and 37% respectively.

Even though the economy is still recovering from the effects of

Director’s Report (Contd.)

Deepak Nitrite Limited

102

103

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

66-171

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director of

the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary, DPL. As per the terms of

his appointment, he is entitled to receive remuneration from DPL by

way of commission on net profits of DPL calculated in accordance

with the provisions of Section 198 of the Act. The aggregate

remuneration of Shri Deepak C. Mehta from the Company and its

wholly owned subsidiary shall always be in accordance with Section

V of Part II of Schedule V to the Act.

KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

Pursuant to provisions of Section 203 of the Act, Shri Deepak C.

Mehta, Chairman &: Managing

letter October 14, 2020, has extended the recognition of DRDC

for a further period up to March 31, 2023.

State-of-the-art pilot plants with kilo scale laboratory

Your Company also has two state-of-the-art pilot facilities, one each

situated at Roha, in Maharashtra and Nandesari, in Gujarat. The

Pilots act as catalysts between R&D and commercial production

of intermediates for Agrochemicals, Dyes, Pharmaceuticals

etc., thereby allowing your Company to deliver quality product

seamlessly. The Pilot facility boasts of stainless steel and glass

lined reactors along with distillation columns for gas and liquid

raw materials and is fully-equipped with advanced instruments,

DCS (Distributed Control system) and utilities like chilled brine, low

pressure steam, cooling water, temper water and more.

SAFETY, HEALTH & ENVIRONMENT

Your Company is committed to ensure a sound Safety, Health and

Environment (“SHE”) performance related to its manufacturing

processes, products and services. It is continuously taking various

steps to develop and adopt safer process technologies, unit

operations and sustainable systems

The Company is investing in areas such as Process Automation for

increased safety and reduction of human error element, enhanced

level of training on process and behaviour based safety, adoption

of safe & environmental friendly production processes, upgrading

effluent treatment facilities, Reverse Osmosis plants, Multiple Effect

Evaporator etc to reduce the discharge of effluents, commissioning

of Waste Heat recovery systems, and so on to ensure the reduction,

recovery and reuse of effluents & other utilities. SHE management

system is monitored and reviewed periodically. Structured &

regular safety meetings are carried out to review existing process

safety parameters.

Systematic and well documented scale up procedure is in place for

the development of product from Research & Development to Pilot

to Commercial scale. It includes risk assessment and process safety

study at each stage to ensure inherently safe processes.

The Company has policy and system in place to deploy

internationally recognised guidelines, such as the principles of

the United Nations’ Global Compact, the International Labour

Organisation (“ILO”) conventions and Responsible Care® Initiative. It

has system in place to ensure social compliances related to human

rights, labour & social standards, anti-discrimination, conflict of

interest and anti-corruption.

As per materiality analysis Health and Safety remained a core area

of importance for the Company with an aim to achieve accident-free

workplace. Your Company believes that all injuries, occupational

Director’s Report (Contd.)

Deepak Nitrite Limited

110

111

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

66-171

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00028377)

Place: Vadodara

Date: May 4, 2022

Director’s Report (Contd.)

Deepak Nitrite Limited

112

113

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

66-171

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion

on these Secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the secretarial records.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Kanj & Co. LLP

Company Secretaries

Dinesh Joshi

Designated Partner

Membership No.: F3752

CP No.: 2246

UDIN: F003752D000265123

Date: May 4, 2022

Place: Pune

Secretarial Audit Report

for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2022

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

The Members,

Deepak Phenolics Limited

First Floor, Aaditya-II,

National Highway No.8,

Chhani Road,

Vadodara-390024,

Gujarat, India.

We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate

practices by Deepak Phenolics Limited (“Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provide us a reasonable basis for

evaluating the corporate conducts / statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s Books, Papers, Minute Books, Forms and Returns filed and other records maintained by the

Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorised representatives during the conduct of

Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the Financial Year ended on

March 31, 2022 (“review period”), complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-

Processes and Compliance-Mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the Books, Papers, Minute Books, Forms and Returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for the review

period, according to the provisions of:

i.

The Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the rules made thereunder;

ii.

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and the rules made thereunder;

iii.

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;

iv.

Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 1996 / 2018, to the extent applicable;

v.

SEBI (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client, to the

extent applicable;

vi.

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct Investment,

Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings;

vii.

The Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 are not applicable to the

Company being an Unlisted Public Company.

We have also examined compliance with all the applicable and approved Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company

Secretaries of India. Being an Unlisted Public Company, clauses / regulations of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, are not applicable to the Company.

During the review period the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc.

mentioned above.

We further report that;

A.

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive directors and

Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the review period, were

carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act;

B.

Adequate notice is given to all the Directors to schedule the Board Meetings. Agenda and detailed notes on Agenda were sent at least

seven days in advance and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarification on the Agenda items before

the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting;

Annexure-B

Deepak Nitrite Limited

116

117

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

66-171

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview:

letter, that:

i.

Maintenance of Secretarial records and compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations,

Standards is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our examination was limited to the verification and audit of

procedures and records on test basis. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these Secretarial records and compliances based

on such verification and audit.

ii.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of

the contents of Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in Secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

iii.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the Compliance of Laws, Rules and Regulations and

happening of events etc.

iv.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

S. Samdani

Partner

Samdani Shah & Kabra

Company Secretaries

FCS No. 3677; CP No. 2863

PR# 1079/2021

ICSI UDIN: F003677D000171713

Date: April 26, 2022;

Place: Vadodara

Deepak Nitrite Limited

118

119

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

66-171

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director, the Executive Director & CEO, the Director (Finance) & CFO review the Business Responsibility

performance of the Company during the monthly review meetings. The action points that emerge from the discussions at these

meetings are recorded, implemented wherever necessary and reviewed in the subsequent meetings. Besides, the CSR Committee of

the Board reviews the social performance of the Company on yearly basis.

b.

Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability Report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this report? How frequently it is published?

The Company publishes Business Responsibility Report annually as part of its Annual Report. The Report can be viewed on the

website of the Company www.godeepak.com.

SECTION E: PRINCIPLE-WISE PERFORMANCE

Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability

1.

Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and corruption cover

only the company? Does it extend to the Group/Joint Ventures/

Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs /Others?

The Company is committed to the highest standards of integrity

and behavior and ensure compliance and adherence to law and

internal policies through its compliance systems.

The Board of Directors of the Company has adopted a Code

of Conduct. These are set of regulations, policies, principles

and guidelines to help maintain a lawful, honest and ethical

environment throughout the Company. The policies, rules and

guidelines in the Code of Conduct apply to all employees /

associates, including contractual employees of the Company and

its subsidiaries.

2.

How many stakeholder complaints have been received in the

past Financial Year and what percentage was satisfactorily

resolved by the management? If so, provide details thereof, in

about 50 words or so.

The Company has not received any complaint from any stakeholders

relating to ethics, bribery and corruption during the Financial Year

2021-22.

Business Responsibility Report (Contd.)

Principle 2: Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout their life

cycle

1.

List up to 3 of your products or services whose design has

incorporated social or environmental concerns, risks and/or

opportunities.

a) Sodium Nitrite

b) Optical Brightening Agent

c) Methoxylamine Hydrochloride solution

2.

For each such product, provide the following details in respect

of resource use (energy, water, raw material etc.) per unit of

product (optional):

The details are given in Annexure-G relating to Conservation of Energy,

Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earning and Outgo of

Director’s Report.

a) Reduction during sourcing/production/ distribution

achieved since the previous year throughout the value

chain?

b) Reduction during usage by consumers (energy, water) has

been achieved since the previous year?

3.

Does the Company have procedures in place for sustainable

sourcing (including transportation)? If yes, what percentage of

your inputs was sourced sustainably?

The Company has system for sustainable sourcing. Environmental

concerns are being assessed while supplier evaluation.

4.

Has the Company taken any steps to procure goods and

services from local & small producers, including communities

surrounding their place of work? If yes, what steps have been

taken to improve their capacity and capability of local and

small vendors?

While the criteria for selection of goods and services is quality, reliability

and price, the Company gives preference to the manufacturers and

service providers located near-by. The Company provides feedback

to them to improve their quality in compliance with Company’s

requirement, enhance capacity and capability particularly in the areas

of manufacturing and fabrication and safety, health and environment.

5.

Does the Company have a mechanism to recycle products

and waste?

Yes.

Principle 3: Businesses should promote the wellbeing of all employees

1.

Total number of Employees

There were 1,601 permanent employees as on March 31, 2022.

2.

Total number of employees hired on temporary/contractual/

casual basis

There were 1,923 employees hired on temporary/contract/casual

basis as on March 31, 2022.

3.

Number of permanent women employees.

There were 40 permanent women employees as on March 31, 2022.

4.

Number of permanent employees with disabilities

There were 2 permanent employees with disabilities as on

March 31, 2022.

5.

Do you have an employee association that is recognised by

management

Yes, the Company has recognised unions in Nandesari, Roha, Taloja

and Hyderabad.

6.

What percentage of your permanent employees is members of

this recognised employee association?

24.01% of the total permanent employees are members of

recognised union.

7.

Number of complaints relating to child labour, forced labour, involuntary labour, sexual harassment in the last financial year and

pending, as on the end of the financial year.

S.

No.

Category

No. of Complaints filed

during the Financial

Year

No of Complaints pending

as on end of Financial Year

1.

Child Labour / Forced Labour / Involuntary Labour

Nil

Nil

2.

Sexual Harassment

Nil

Nil

3.

Discriminatory Employment

Nil

Nil

8.

Percentage of under mentioned employees who were given safety & skill up-gradation training in the last year?

S.

No. Employees Category

Employee imparted

safety training

Employees imparted skill up -

gradation training

a.

Permanent Employees

100%

33%

b.

Permanent Women Employees

100%

77%

C.

Casual/Temporary/Contractual Employees

100%

60%

d.

Employees with Disabilities

100%

100%

Business Responsibility Report (Contd.)

Deepak Nitrite Limited

122

123

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

66-171

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director

Date: May 4, 2022

(DIN: 00028377)

Business Responsibility Report (Contd.)

Deepak Nitrite Limited

124

125

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

66-171

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director

Chairman of CSR Committee

Date : May 4, 2022

(DIN: 00028377)

(DIN: 00086077)

Report on Corporate Social Responsibility (Contd.)

Deepak Nitrite Limited

128

129

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

66-171

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director

Chairman of CSR Committee

Date : May 4, 2022

(DIN: 00028377)

(DIN: 00086077)

Annexure - 1 (Contd.)

Annexure - E

Nomination and Remuneration Policy

1. INTRODUCTION

A transparent, fair and reasonable process for determining

the appropriate remuneration at all levels of the Company is

required to ensure that shareholders remain informed and

confident in the management of the Company. To harmonise

the aspirations of human resources consistent with the

goals of the Company and in terms of the provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder and the

Listing Regulations as amended from time to time, this policy

on nomination and remuneration of Directors on the Board of

the Company, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees

in the Senior Management is formulated in compliance

with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the

applicable rules thereto and of the Listing Regulations with

the Stock Exchanges.

This Policy shall act as a guideline for determining, inter-

alia, qualifications, positive attributes and independence of

a Director, appointment and removal of the Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel and Senior Management employees

and matters relating to the remuneration for the Directors,

Key Managerial Personnel and other employees.

Pursuant to the requirement of Section 178 of the Companies

Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations with the Stock

Exchanges, the Company has a duly constituted Nomination

and Remuneration Committee.

2. OBJECTIVE OF THE POLICY

2.1. The objective of this Policy is to outline a framework to ensure

that the Company’s remuneration levels are aligned with best

industry practices and are good enough to attract and retain

competent Directors on the Board, Key Managerial Personnel

and the Senior Management Personnel of the quality required.

The key objectives of this Policy include:

(i)

guiding the Board in relation to appointment and

removal of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and

Senior Management employees.

(ii)

evaluating the performance of the members of the

Board and provide necessary report to the Board for

further evaluation of the Board.

(iii) recommending to the Board the remuneration payable

to the Directors and setting forth a policy for determining

remuneration payable to Key Managerial Personnel and

Senior Management employees.

2.2. While determining the remuneration for the Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel and Senior Management employees,

regard should be given to prevailing market conditions,

business performance and practices in comparable

companies, also to financial and commercial health of the

Company as well as prevailing laws and government/other

guidelines, to ensure that pay structures are appropriately

aligned and the levels of remuneration remain appropriate.

2.3. While designing the remuneration package it should be

ensured:

(i)

The level and composition of remuneration is reasonable

and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate person, to

ensure the quality required to run the Company successfully.

(ii)

Remuneration to Directors, Key Managerial Personnel

and Senior Management employees involves a balance

between fixed and incentive pay reflecting short and

long term performance objectives appropriate to the

working of the Company and its goals.

2.4. Some part of the remuneration package may be linked

to the achievement of corporate performance targets

of the Company and a strong alignment of interest with

stakeholders.

2.5. The Committee shall observe the set of principles and

objectives as envisaged under the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”)

(including Section 178 thereof), rules framed there under

and the Listing Regulations including, inter-alia, principles

pertaining to determining qualifications, positives attributes,

integrity and independence.

2.6. In this context, the following Policy has been formulated

by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and

recommended to the Board of Directors for adoption.

3. EFFECTIVE DATE

This Policy shall be effective from the date of its adoption by

the Board.

4. DEFINITIONS

4.1. In this Policy the following terms shall have the meaning

assigned to them:

(i)

“Act” means The Companies Act, 2013 and rules made

thereunder.

(ii)

“Board of Directors” or “Board” means the Board of

Directors of the Company.

(iii) “Committee” means Nomination and Remuneration

Committee of Board of Directors of the Company,

constituted in accordance with the provisions of Section

178 of the Act and the Listing Regulations.

(iv) “Company” means “Deepak Nitrite Limited.”

(v)

“Director” shall mean a member of the Board of

Directors of the Company appointed from time to time

in accordance with the Articles of Association of the

Company and provisions of the Act.

Deepak Nitrite Limited

132

133

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

66-171

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director.

(viii) “Financial Year” shall mean the period ending on the

31st day of March every year.

(ix)

“Independent Director” shall mean a Director

referred to in Section 149 (6) of the Act read with the

Listing Regulations.

(x)

“Key Managerial Personnel” or “KMP” shall have the

meaning ascribed to it in the Act.

(xi)

“Listing Regulations” shall mean Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended

from time to time and for the time being in force.

(xii) “: Managing Director” means a Director who, by virtue

of the Articles of Association of the Company or an

agreement with the Company or a resolution passed

in its general meeting, or by its Board of Directors, is

entrusted with substantial powers of management

of the affairs of the Company and includes a Director

occupying the position of Managing Director, by

whatever name called.

(xiii) “Policy” or “this Policy” means, “Nomination and

Remuneration Policy.”

(xiv) “Remuneration” means any money or its equivalent

given or passed to any person for services rendered

by him and includes perquisites as defined under the

Income-tax Act, 1961.

(xv) “Senior Management” means officers/personnel of

the Company who are members of its core management

team excluding Board of Directors and shall comprise all

members of management one level below Chief Executive

Officer / Managing Director / Whole-time Director

including Chief Executive Officer and shall specifically

include Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary.

4.2. Unless the context otherwise requires, words and expressions

used in this Policy and not defined herein but defined in

the Companies Act, 2013 and/or Listing Regulations as

may be amended from time to time shall have the meaning

respectively assigned to them therein.

5. APPLICABILITY

This Policy is applicable to:

(i)

Directors (Managing Director, Executive Director,

Independent Director and Non-Independent Director)

(ii)

Key Managerial Personnel

(iii) Senior Management employees

(iv) Other Employees

6. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

6.1. Role of the Committee:

(a) Identifying persons who are qualified to become

Director and who may be appointed in Senior

Management cadre in accordance with the criteria laid

down, recommend to the Board their appointment

and removal and shall carry out evaluation of every

Director’s performance.

(b) Formulating the criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes and independence of a Director

and recommend to the Board, a policy, relating to

the remuneration for the Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel and Senior Management employees.

(c)

Formulating the criteria for evaluation of Independent

Directors and the Board.

(d) Devising a policy on Board diversity.

(e)

Ensuring that the Board comprises of a balanced

combination of Executive Directors and Non-Executive

Directors.

(f)

The Committee shall take into consideration and

ensure the compliance of provisions under Schedule

V of the Companies Act, 2013 for appointing and fixing

remuneration of Managing Directors / Executive

Directors.

(g) While approving the remuneration, the Committee shall

take into account financial position of the Company,

trend in the industry, qualification, experience and past

performance of the appointee.

(h) any other role as may be specified by the Board.

6.2. Composition of the Committee

(a)

The Committee shall comprise of at least three (3)

Directors, all of whom shall be non-executive Directors

and at least half shall be Independent Directors.

Nomination and Remuneration Policy (Contd.)

Nomination and Remuneration Policy (Contd.)

(b) The Board shall reconstitute the Committee as and

when required to comply with the provisions of the Act

and/or the Listing Regulations.

(c)

Membership of the Committee shall be disclosed in the

Annual Report.

(d) Term of the Committee shall continue unless terminated

by the Board of Directors.

6.3.

Managing Director /

Executive Director shall adhere to the Code of Conduct

stipulated for the Director.

7.6.4. He shall fulfill the conditions as specified under Part I of

Schedule V of the Act. However, in case the conditions

specified under Part I of Schedule V of the Act is not

fulfilled, such appointments shall be subject to the

approval of the Central Government.

7.7. Criteria for appointment of KMPs:

7.7.1. Pursuant to the requirement of Section 203 of the Act,

the Company is required to appoint a: Managing

Managing Director shall not be entitled to sitting

fees for attending the meetings of the Board or any

Committee thereof.

8.2. Remuneration to Executive Director:

8.2.1. Fixed Pay

(a)

Executive Director shall be eligible for a monthly

remuneration as may be approved by the Board

on the recommendation of the Committee in

accordance with the provisions of the Act and rules

made thereunder for the time being in force.

(b)

The Fixed Pay of Executive Director shall comprise

of salary, perquisites, allowances and other

benefits. The perquisites, allowances and other

benefits to the Executive Director shall include but

not be limited to the following:

(i)

Re-imbursement of medical expenses

incurred for self and members of his family, as

per policy of the Company.

(ii)

Leave travel concession for self and members

of his family, as per policy of the Company.

(iii) Medical and other insurances, as per policy of

the Company.

(iv) Company Car with Driver.

(v)

Company’s contribution to provident fund,

superannuation fund or annuity fund,

gratuity and encashment of leave, as per the

policy of the Company.

(vi) Retirement and other benefits, as per policy

of the Company.

(vii) Hardship Allowance as applicable in

accordance with the policy of the Company.

(c)

The break-up of the pay scale and quantum of

perquisites including, employer’s contribution to

P.F, pension scheme, medical expenses etc. shall

be decided and approved by the Board on the

recommendation of the Committee and approved

by the shareholders and Central Government,

wherever required.

8.2.2. Variable Pay

In addition to the salary, perquisites, allowances

and other benefits as mentioned above, Executive

Director will also be entitled to a Variable Pay by way

of Performance Linked Incentive. This amount shall be

paid annually after the end of each Financial Year. The

Performance Linked Incentive shall be in the range of

0% to 25% of cost to the Company or such other amount

as may be decided by the board of directors from time

to time upon recommendation of Nomination and

Remuneration committee.

8.2.3. Loyalty Bonus

In addition to the above, Executive Director shall also

be entitled for the Loyalty Bonus as per policy of the

Company.

8.2.4. Payment of Variable component / Increments

(a)

Payment of Variable component of the

remuneration of the Executive Director for a

particular Financial Year and increments to the

existing remuneration structure of Executive

Director shall be recommended by the

Chairman &: Managing Director of the Company

to the Committee based upon the individual

performance and also the Company’s performance

as per policy of the Company.

(b)

The Committee shall review the payment of

Variable component of the remuneration of the

Executive Director for a particular Financial Year

and increments to the existing remuneration

structure of Executive Director as recommended

by the

Managing Director

Date : May 4, 2022

(DIN:00028377)

Nomination and Remuneration Policy (Contd.)

Annexure - F

DISCLOSURE UNDER SECTION 197(12) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013:

PART (A) – DISCLOSURE AS REQUIRED UNDER RULE 5(1) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF

MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014:

1.

Ratio of remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the Financial Year ended

March 31, 2022 and the percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company

Secretary or Manager in the Financial Year ended March 31, 2022:

Name of the Director/ KMP

Remuneration*

(` in Crores)

% Increase in

Remuneration

in the FY 2021-

22

Ratio to Median

Remuneration

Shri Deepak C. Mehta, Chairman &: Managing Director

6.99

0.72

117.68

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay, Director (Finance) & CFO

4.32

20.33

72.73

Shri Maulik Mehta, Executive Director & CEO

3.29

26.54

55.39

Shri Ajay C. Mehta, Non-Executive Director

0.15

50.00

2.53

Dr. Richard H. Rupp, Independent Director

0.45

0.00

7.58

Shri Sudhir Mankad, Independent Director

0.22

10.00

3.70

Shri S. K. Anand, Non-Executive Director

0.25

25.00

4.21

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram, Independent Director

0.18

20.00

3.03

Shri Sanjay Asher, Independent Director

0.18

20.00

3.03

Smt. Purvi Sheth, Independent Director

0.18

20.00

0.03

Shri Dileep Choksi, Independent Director

0.20

33.33

3.37

Shri Arvind Bajpai, Company Secretary

0.76

16.92

NA

* Excluding sitting fees, wherever applicable.

Notes:

1.

In the Financial Year 2021-22, there was an increase of 12.60% in the median remuneration of employees.

2.

There were 1,601 permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2022.

3.

Average Percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than Managerial Personnel in the last Financial Year was

10.10 % and average percentile increase in remuneration of Managerial Personnel was 15.86%.

Shri Deepak C. Mehta,

Managing Director

Date : May 4, 2022

(DIN: 00028377

1.

Company’s Philosophy on Code of Governance

The Company’s philosophy on Corporate Governance

envisages the attainment of a high level transparency and

accountability in the functioning of the Company and the

efficient conduct of its business, including its interaction with

employees, shareholders, depositors, creditors, consumers,

financial institutions and other lenders. Accountability

improves decision making and transparency helps to explain

the rationale behind decisions which in turn helps in building

confidence in the Company. The Company firmly believes that

for a company to succeed on a sustained basis to meet the

various challenges posed on account of changing business

environment and stakeholder’s expectation, it must maintain

global standards of Corporate Conduct.

It also believes that Corporate Governance is not simply a

matter of creating checks and balances; it is about creating

an outperforming organisation, which leads to increasing

employee and customer satisfaction.

2.

Board of Directors

(i)

Composition and Category of Directors

The Board of Directors (“Board”) along with its Committees

provides leadership and guidance to the Management and

directs and supervises the performance of the Company,

thereby enhancing stakeholders value. The Board has

a fiduciary relationship in ensuring that the rights of all

stakeholders are protected. The Board comprise of Director

that bring wide range of skills, expertise and experience which

enhances the overall board effectiveness.

Apart from that, the Board also discharges its responsibilities

/ duties for the management, general affairs, direction,

performance and long term success of business as a whole. The

Board, as part of its succession planning exercise, periodically

reviews its composition to ensure that the same is closely

aligned with the strategy and long-term needs of the Company.

The Board Composition is in conformity with the applicable

provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) as

amended from time to time and Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”).

The Board of the Company is having an optimum combination

of Executive and Non-Executive Directors. As on March 31,

2022 The Board consists of 11 Directors out of which, 3 are

Executive Directors including: Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer and 8 are Non-Executive Directors. Out

of 8 Non-Executive Directors, 6 are Independent Directors

including 1 woman Independent Director.

The

Managing Director

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Director (Finance) & CFO

Shri Maulik Mehta

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Executive Director & CEO

Shri Ajay C. Mehta

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Non-Executive Director

Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Dr. Richard H. Rupp

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Shri Sudhir Mankad

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Navin Fluorine International Limited

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Swaraj Engines Limited

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Shri S. K. Anand

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Non-Executive Director

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Supreme Petrochem Limited

Non-Executive, Independent Director

GMM Pfaudler Limited

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Apcotex Industries Limited

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

Deepak Nitrite Limited

144

145

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

66-171

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director and

Shri Ajay C. Mehta, Non-Executive Director of the Company

are brothers. Shri Maulik Mehta Executive Director & CEO

and Shri Meghav Mehta, Additional Director are brothers.

Shri Maulik Mehta and Shri Meghav Mehta are son of

Shri Deepak C. Mehta, Chairman &: Managing Director and

nephew of Shri Ajay C. Mehta, Non-Executive Director of

the Company.

No other Director of the Company is having relationship with

any other Director.

(v)

Independent Directors

The selection of eminent people for appointment as

Independent Directors on the Board is considered by the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The Committee,

inter alia, considers qualification, positive attributes, area

of expertise and number of directorships and memberships

held in various committees of other companies by such

person and recommend the same to the Board. The Board

considers the Committee’s recommendation and takes

appropriate decision.

Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

The Company has received declaration from the Independent

Directors confirming that they meet the criteria of

independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the

Act read with Regulation 16 (1) (b) of the Listing Regulations.

In terms of Regulation 25 (8) of the Listing Regulations, the

Independent Directors have confirmed that they are not

aware of any circumstances or situations which exist or may

be reasonably anticipated that could impact their ability to

discharge their duties.

Further, in terms of Section 150 read with Rule 6 of the

Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors)

Rules, 2014, as amended, Independent Directors of the

Company have included their names in the data bank of

Independent Directors maintained with the Indian Institute of

Corporate Affairs.

The Independent Directors immediately on appointment

are issued a formal letters of appointment and the terms

and conditions of their appointment are disclosed on the

Company’s website at www.godeepak.com.

No Independent Director had resigned during the Financial

Year 2021-22.

(vi) Separate Meeting of Independent Directors

The Independent Directors meet at least once in a year without

presence of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and

Management of the Company. During the year under review,

the Independent Directors met on March 10, 2022, as required

under Schedule IV to the Act (Code for Independent Directors)

and Regulation 25 (3) of the Listing Regulations, inter alia to:

(a)

Evaluate performance of Non-Independent Directors

and the Board of Directors as a whole;

(b)

Evaluate performance of the

Managing Director/Whole

time Director;

2)

To specify the manner for effective evaluation

of performance of Board, its Committee and

individual Directors;

3)

Devising a policy on diversity of Boards of Directors;

4)

Identifying persons who are qualified to become

Directors and who may be appointed as KMP or

one level below Chief Executive Officer/Managing

Director/Whole-time Director. in accordance with

the criteria laid down, and recommend to the

Board their appointment and removal;

5)

Whether to extend or continue the term of

appointment of the Independent Directors, on the

basis of the report of performance evaluation of

Independent Directors;

6)

To recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in

whatever form, payable to KMPs and employees

one level below Chief Executive Officer/Managing

Director/Whole-time Director. and

7)

Such other terms as may be required under the Act

or the Listing Regulations.

The Committee recommends remuneration package of

Executive Directors to the Board considering individual

performance, experience and market conditions with

a view to provide a remuneration package which is

appropriate for the responsibilities involved. In reviewing

the overall remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel and one level below Chief Executive Officer/: Managing

Managing Director

Shri Sanjay

Upadhyay

Member

Director (Finance)

& CFO

(ii)

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of CSR Committee are as under:

1)

To formulate and recommend to the Board a

Corporate Social Responsibility Policy (“CSR

Policy”);

2)

To recommend the amount of expenditure to be

incurred on the activities listed in CSR Policy;

3)

To monitor the CSR Policy of the Company from

time to time; and

4)

Such other roles and functions as may be

prescribed in the Act and Rules made thereunder.

(iii) Meetings and Attendance thereat

Three (3) meetings of the CSR Committee were held

during the Financial Year 2021- 22 on May 4, 2021,

July 27, 2021 and October 14, 2021. The necessary

quorum was present for all the meetings of CSR

Committee. In case of a special and urgent business

needs, the CSR Committee’s approval is taken by

passing resolutions by circulation, as permitted by

law, which is noted and confirmed at the subsequent

CSR Committee meeting.

The attendance at the CSR Committee meetings held

during Financial Year 2021-22 are as under:

Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

Deepak Nitrite Limited

154

155

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

66-171

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director

Shri S. K. Anand

Member

Non-Executive &

Non-Independent

Director

Shri Sanjay

Upadhyay

Member

Director (Finance)

& CFO

Shri Maulik Mehta

Member

Executive Director

& CEO

Dr. Swaminathan

Sivaram

Member

Independent Director

The Company Secretary of the Company acts as

Secretary to the Committee.

(ii)

Terms of Reference

In accordance with the provisions of the Listing

Regulations, the Terms of Reference for the Risk

Management Committee of Directors are as under:

1)

To formulate a detailed Risk Management Policy

which shall include:

(a)

A framework for identification of internal

and external risks specifically faced by

the listed entity, in particular including

financial, operational, sectoral, sustainability

(particularly, ESG related risks), information,

cyber security risks or any other risk as may

be determined by the Committee.

Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

(b)

Measures for risk mitigation including

systems and processes for internal control of

identified risks.

(c)

Business continuity plan.

2)

To ensure that appropriate methodology,

processes and systems are in place to monitor and

evaluate risks associated with the business of the

Company;

3)

To monitor and oversee implementation of the

risk management policy, including evaluating the

adequacy of risk management systems;

4)

To periodically review the risk management policy,

at least once in two years, including by considering

the changing industry dynamics and evolving

complexity;

5)

To keep the Board of Directors informed about

the nature and content of its discussions,

recommendations and actions to be taken;

6)

The appointment, removal and terms of

remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if any) shall

be subject to review by the Risk Management

Committee; and

7)

the Risk Management Committee shall coordinate

its activities with other committees, in instances

where there is any overlap with activities of such

committees, as per the framework laid down by

the Board of Directors.

(iii) Meetings and Attendance thereat

Three (3) meetings of the Risk Management Committee

were held during the Financial Year 2021-22 on April 23,

2021, October 13, 2021 and March 30, 2022.

The attendance at the Risk Management Committee

meetings held during Financial Year 2021-22 are as under

Name of Member

No. of Risk Management

Committee Meetings

held /attended during

Tenure of Director

Shri Deepak C. Mehta

3/3

Shri S. K. Anand

3/3

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

3/3

Shri Maulik Mehta

3/3

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram

3/3

4.

Remuneration of Directors

(A) Chairman &: Managing Director / Executive Directors

The remuneration of

Managing Director and Shri Maulik Mehta, Executive

Director & CEO are for a period of five years from the date of

their respective appointments. Since the term of Shri Sanjay

Upadhyay as the Director (Finance) & CFO was up to April 27,

2022, the Board of Directors at their meeting held on January

24, 2022, subject to approval of Members of the Company,

approved the re-appointment of Shri Sanjay Upadhyay as the

Director (Finance) & CFO for another term from April 28, 2022

till July 31, 2026.

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay (DIN: 01776546) and Shri Maulik Mehta

(DIN: 05227290) are liable to retire by rotation.

There is no provision for payment of severance fees.

The Company does not have any Stock Options Scheme.

(B) Independent

Directors

and

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Directors

The Independent Directors and Non-Executive Non-

Independent Directors do not draw any remuneration from

the Company other than the sitting fee for attending meetings

of the Board or Committees thereof and Commission on the

Net Profits of the Company as may be determined by the

Board from time to time and as approved by the shareholders

in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Act. The

Commission payable to the Independent Directors and Non-

Executive Non-Independent Directors is limited to a fixed

amount per year not exceeding 1% of Net Profit for the year,

calculated as per the provisions of the Act. No remuneration

by way of Commission was paid to any single Non-Executive

Director in excess of fifty percent of the total annual

remuneration by way of Commission payable to all Non-

Executive Directors.

The amount of Commission to Independent Directors and

Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors is determined on

the basis of: (a) attendance and time spent in the meetings of

Board and Committees thereof; (b) attendance at the General

Meeting(s) of the Company during the particular year; (c) Roles

and responsibilities as Chairman and/or Member of respective

Committee; (d) Individual contribution at the meetings and

contribution made by the Directors on various matters of

the Company.

The details of remuneration paid / payable to Independent Directors and Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors for the Financial

Year 2021-22 are as under:

Amount in `

Sr.

No.

Name

Sitting Fees

Commission

Total

1.

Shri Sudhir Mankad

3,75,000

22,00,000

25,75,000

2.

Dr. Richard H. Rupp

2,10,000

45,00,000

47,10,000

3.

Shri S. K. Anand

3,90,000

25,00,000

28,90,000

4.

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram

3,00,000

18,00,000

21,00,000

5.

Shri Ajay C. Mehta

1,50,000

15,00,000

16,50,000

6.

Shri Sanjay Asher

3,00,000

18,00,000

21,00,000

7.

Smt. Purvi Sheth

2,10,000

18,00,000

20,10,000

8.

Shri Dileep Choksi

3,00,000

20,00,000

23,00,000

Total

22,35,000

1,81,00,000

2,03,35,000

Note: Commission payable to all the Non- Whole Time Directors, shall in aggregate not exceed 1% per annum of the Net Profit of the Company calculated

under the provisions of the Act.

The details of Equity Shares of the Company held by Non-Executive Directors as on March 31, 2022 are as under:

Sr.

No. Name of Non-Executive Director

No. of shares

held

1

Shri Ajay C. Mehta

Nil

2

Dr. Richard H. Rupp

Nil

3

Shri Sudhir Mankad

Nil

4

Shri S. K. Anand

Nil

5

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram

Nil

6

Shri Sanjay Asher

Nil

7

Smt. Purvi Sheth

Nil

8

Shri Dileep Choksi

Nil

The Company has no pecuniary relationship or transactions with its Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors other than

payment of sitting fees to them for attending Board and Committee meetings and commission as approved by the Members of

the Company except as approved by Board or Committee in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations.

Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

5.

General Body Meetings

(i)

Annual General Meetings

The last three Annual General Meetings ("AGM") of the Company were held within the statutory time period and the details of the

same are mentioned herein below:

Financial

Year

Date

Time

Venue / Mode

2020-21

July 30, 2021

11:30 A.M.

Through Video Conference / Other Audio Visual Means (‘VC’/ ‘OAVM’) at Vadodara

2019-20

August 7, 2020

11:30 A.M.

Through Video Conference / Other Audio Visual Means (‘VC’/ ‘OAVM’) at Vadodara

2018-19

June 28, 2019

10:30 A.M.

Hotel Grand Mercure Vadodara Surya Palace, Opp. Parsi Agiyari, Sayajigunj,

Vadodara – 390020, Gujarat.

(ii) Special Resolutions

The information regarding Special Resolutions passed at the previous three Annual General Meetings are as follows:

Meeting

Date of AGM

Information regarding Special Resolutions passed

50th AGM

July 30, 2021

Continuation of directorship of Dr. Richard H. Rupp (DIN: 02205790) as an Independent Director of the

Company beyond the age of Seventy Five (75) years in terms of Regulation 17(1A) of Listing Regulations.

49th AGM

August 7, 2020 There was no matter that required passing of Special Resolution.

48th AGM

June 28, 2019

(a) Re-appointment of Shri Sudhin Choksey (DIN:00036085) as an Independent Director for second term

of 3 consecutive years.

(b) Re-appointment of Shri Sudhir Mankad (DIN:00086077) as an Independent Director for second term of

3 consecutive years.

(c) Re-appointment of Shri S. K. Anand (DIN:00001792) as an Independent Director for second term of

3 consecutive years.

(d) Re-appointment of Dr. Swaminathan (DIN:00009900) Sivaram as an Independent Director for second

term of 3 consecutive years.

(e) Re-appointment of Dr. Richard H. Rupp (DIN:02205790) as an Independent Director for second term of

3 consecutive years.

(f) Payment of managerial remuneration in excess of the limits prescribed under the second proviso to

Sub-section (1) of Section 197 of the Act.

(g) Payment of remuneration to the Executive Directors who are Promoters or members of Promoter

Group.

(iii) Extraordinary General Meeting

No Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) was held during the last three Financial Years i.e. FY 2020-21, FY 2019-20 and FY 2018-19.

(iv) Postal Ballot conducted during the year and procedure thereof

During the year under review, Postal Ballot exercise was undertaken in the month of December 2021 for raising of funds through

private placement by way of Qualified Institutions Placement and result of the Postal Ballot was declared on January 28, 2022. The

Results were made available on the website of the Company at www.godeepak.com and were also communicated to BSE Limited,

National Stock Exchange of India Limited and NSDL Limited.

The details and voting pattern of the Resolutions passed through the said Postal Ballot exercise are as under:

Sr.

No.

Resolution

Special /

Ordinary

No. of

Valid Votes

received

No. and % of

Votes in

Favour

No. and %

of Votes

Against

1

Raising of funds in one or more tranches, by issue and

allotment of equity shares and/or eligible securities by way

of Qualified Institutions Placement (“QIP”) for an aggregate

amount up to ₹ 2,000 Crores.

Special

8,66,23,864

8,66,18,280

99.99%

5,584

0.01%

The Board of Directors appointed Shri Dinesh Joshi, Practicing Company Secretary, Designated Partner of KANJ & Co., LLP, Company

Secretaries, Pune, as the Scrutiniser to scrutinise the Postal Ballot process in a fair and transparent manner.

Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

Deepak Nitrite Limited

158

159

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

66-171

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director

Date: May 4, 2022

(DIN: 00028377)

Dividend Distribution Policy (Contd.)

Deepak Nitrite Limited

170

171

51st Annual Integrated Report 2021-22

66-171

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Director

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Sanjay Upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

Sudhir Mankad

Partner

Director-Finance & CFO

DIN: 01776546

Company Secretary

Membership No: F6713

Director

DIN: 00086077

Vadodara: May 04, 2022

Vadodara: May 04, 2022

Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2022

₹ in Crores

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

I. Revenue from Operations

24

2,511.05

1,809.14

II. Other Income

25

70.80

13.54

III. Total Income (I+II)

2,581.85

1,822.68

IV. Expenses:

(a) Cost of Materials Consumed

26

1,306.83

778.25

(b) Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods and Work-in-Progress

27

(85.49)

(7.36)

(c) Employee Benefits Expense

28

196.74

181.05

(d) Power & Fuel Expenses

29

205.98

134.03

(e) Finance Costs

30

1.60

4.12

(f) Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

31

72.54

66.88

(g) Other Expenses

32

241.64

187.10

Total Expenses (IV)

1,939.84

1,344.07

V. Profit Before Tax (III-IV)

642.01

478.61

VI. Tax Expense:

(a) Current Tax

152.52

123.22

(b) Deferred Tax

3.28

0.67

VII. Profit for the Year (V-VI)

486.21

354.72

VIII. Other Comprehensive Income:

Items that will not be Reclassified to Profit and Loss:

(a) Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Obligations (Net)

0.34

(1.85)

(b) Tax Effect on remeasurement of Defined Benefit obligations (Net)

(0.08)

0.47

(c) Fair Value Gains on Investments

(0.27)

0.10

(d) Tax effect of Fair Value Gains on Investments

0.07

(0.02)

Total Other Comprehensive Income for the Year (VIII)

0.06

(1.30)

IX. Total Comprehensive Income for the Year (VII+VIII)

486.27

353.42

Earnings per equity Share

(a) Basic (Nominal Value per Share ₹ 2)

42

35.65

26.01

(b) Diluted (Nominal Value per Share ₹ 2)

42

35.65

26.01

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Financial Statements.

As per our report of even date

For and on behalf of the Board

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Deepak C. Mehta

Maulik Mehta

Dileep Choksi

Chartered Accountants

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Director

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Sanjay Upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

Sudhir Mankad

Partner

Director-Finance & CFO

DIN: 01776546

Company Secretary

Membership No: F6713

Director

DIN: 00086077

Vadodara: May 04, 2022

Vadodara: May 04, 2022

Statement of Cash Flow (Contd.):

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Director

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Sanjay Upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

Sudhir Mankad

Partner

Director-Finance & CFO

DIN: 01776546

Company Secretary

Membership No: F6713

Director

DIN: 00086077

Vadodara: May 04, 2022

Vadodara: May 04, 2022

Notes

forming part of the Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2022

COMPANY OVERVIEW

Deepak Nitrite Limited (‘DNL’ or ‘the Company’) is a prominent chemical manufacturing public limited company incorporated and

domiciled in India. Its registered office is located at Aaditya-I Chhani Road, Vadodara- 390 024, Gujarat, India and its manufacturing

facilities are located in the states of Gujarat, Maharashtra and Telangana.

The Company manufactures Basic Intermediates, Fine & Speciality Chemicals and Performance Products.

The Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2022 has notified amendments to the following accounting standards.

The amendments are effective from April 1, 2022.

1.

Ind AS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment

2.

Ind AS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets

3.

Ind AS 41 Agriculture

4.

Ind AS 101 First time Adoption of Ind AS

5.

Ind AS 103 Business Combination

6.

Ind AS 109 Financial Instruments

There is no material impact on adoption of these amendments.

1.

Significant Accounting Policies

This Note provides a list of the significant Accounting Policies adopted by the Company in the preparation of these Financial

Statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

(a)

Basis of preparation

(i)

Compliance with Ind AS

The Financial Statements comply in all material respects with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under

Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) [Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015] and other

relevant provisions of the Act.

The Financial Statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except for the following assets and liabilities

which have been measured at fair value or revalued amount:

(a)

Certain financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value

(b)

Derivative Financial instruments

(c)

Defined benefit plan – plan assets measured at fair value

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction

between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or

estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Company takes

into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if the market participants would take those characteristics

into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value measurement and/or disclosure

purposes in the financial statements is determined on such a basis except for leasing transactions that are within

the scope of Ind AS 116, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net

realisable value in Ind AS 2 or value in use in Ind AS 36.:

Director's Sitting Fees

0.22

0.19

(u) Other Directors Commission

1.81

1.55

(v)

Reversal for Inventory Obsolescence

-

(1.62)

Total

241.64

187.10

Note: Payment to Auditor

₹ in Crores

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

(a)

As Auditor:

Audit fees

0.33

0.35

Tax Audit fees

0.04

0.04

Quarterly Limited Review

0.28

0.28

(b)

In Other Capacity:

Taxation Matters

0.02

0.02

Other Services (Certification fees)

0.02

0.01

Total

0.69

0.70

Notes

forming part of the Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2022:

Managing Director

Shri Maulik D. Mehta

Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer (from June 01, 2020); Whole Time Director (upto May 31, 2020)

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay Director-Finance & Chief Financial Officer

(iii) Entities over which key managerial personnel or their relatives are able to exercise significant Influence

Check Point Credits & Capital Private Limited * Deepak Cybit Private Limited * Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation

Limited *Deepak Gulf LLC, Sultanate of Oman* Deepak Foundation * Deepak International Limited * Deepak Medical Foundation *

Deepak Research and Development Foundation * Deepak Novochem Technologies Limited. * Forex Leafin Private Limited * Hardik

Leafin Private Limited * Pranawa Leafin Private Limited * Skyrose Finvest Private Limited * Stepup Credits & Capital Private Limited *

Stiffen Credits and Capital Private Limited * Stigma Credits & Capital Private Limited * Storewell Credits and Capital Private Limited*

Sundown Finvest Private Limited

(iv) Relative of Key Management Personnel

Shri Chimanlal K. Mehta

Shri Meghav D. Mehta

Smt Ila D. Mehta

Notes

forming part of the Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2022

B)

Transactions with the Related Parties

₹ in Crores

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Subsidiary

Companies

Key

Management

Personnel

Entities over

which key

managerial

personnel

or their

relatives

are able to

exercise

significant

influence

Relative

of Key

Management

Personnel

TOTAL

Subsidiary

Companies

Key

Management

Personnel

Entities over

which key

managerial

personnel

or their

relatives

are able to

exercise

significant

influence

Relative

of Key

Management

Personnel

TOTAL

1

Purchase of Goods

Deepak Fertilisers &

Petrochemicals Corporation

Limited

-

-

124.64

-

124.64

-

-

77.16

-

77.16

Deepak Phenolics Limited

5.80

-

-

-

5.80

2.26

-

-

-

2.26

2

Sale of Goods/Services

Deepak Novochem Technologies

Limited

-

-

18.12

-

18.12

-

-

21.15

-

21.15

Deepak Phenolics Limited

1.72

-

-

-

1.72

9.67

-

-

-

9.67

Deepak Fertilisers &

Petrochemicals Corporation

Limited

-

-

1.23

-

1.23

-

-

-

-

-

3

Conversion Charges Received

Deepak Novochem Technologies

Limited

-

-

10.72

-

10.72

-

-

6.50

-

6.50

4

Sharing of Utilities

Deepak Phenolics Limited

6.35

-

-

-

6.35

0.57

-

-

-

0.57

5

Rendering of Services /

Reimbursement of Expenses

Deepak Novochem Technologies

Limited

-

-

0.03

-

0.03

-

-

0.03

-

0.03

Deepak Phenolics Limited

5.39

-

-

-

5.39

4.91

-

-

-

4.91

Deepak Chem tech Limited

(Formerly known as Deepak

Clean Tech Limited)

8.29

-

-

-

8.29

-

-

-

-

-

Storewell Credits and Capital

Private Limited

-

-

0.04

-

0.04

-

-

0.10

-

0.10

6

Sale of Capital Asset

Deepak Chem Tech Limited

(Formerly known as Deepak

Clean Tech Limited)

127.99

-

-

-

127.99

-

-

-

-

-

Notes

forming part of the Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2022:

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Director

DIN: 00016322

Sanjay Upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

Sudhir Mankad

Director-Finance & CFO

DIN: 01776546

Company Secretary

Membership No: F6713

Director

DIN: 00086077

Vadodara: May 04, 2022

For and on behalf of the Board

Deepak C. Mehta

Maulik Mehta

Dileep Choksi

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Director

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Sanjay Upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

Sudhir Mankad

Partner

Director-Finance & CFO

DIN: 01776546

Company Secretary

Membership No: F6713

Director

DIN: 00086077

Vadodara: May 04, 2022

Vadodara: May 04, 2022

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2022

₹ in Crores

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

I. Revenue from Operations

28

6,802.19

4,359.75

II. Other Income

29

42.61

21.52

III. Total Income (I+II)

6,844.80

4,381.27

IV. Expenses:

(a) Cost of Materials Consumed

30

4,210.95

2,274.27

(b) Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods and Work-in-Progress

31

(96.60)

(10.01)

(c) Employee Benefits Expense

32

274.11

247.04

(d) Power & Fuel Expenses

33

438.61

264.74

(e) Finance Costs

34

34.04

74.20

(f) Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

35

177.70

152.63

(g) Other Expenses

36

371.54

336.68

Total Expenses (IV)

5,410.35

3,339.55

V. Profit Before Tax (III-IV)

1,434.45

1,041.72

VI. Tax Expense:

(a) Current Tax

352.79

239.65

(b) Deferred Tax

15.02

26.26

VII. Profit for the Year (V-VI)

1,066.64

775.81

VIII. Other Comprehensive Income:

Items that will not be Reclassified to Profit and Loss:

(a) Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Obligations (Net)

0.48

(1.54)

(b) Tax Effect on remeasurement of Defined Benefit obligations (Net)

(0.11)

0.39

(c) Fair Value Gains on Investments

(0.27)

0.10

(d) Tax effect of Fair Value Gains on Investments

0.07

(0.02)

Total Other Comprehensive Income for the Year (VIII)

0.17

(1.07)

IX. Total Comprehensive Income for the Year (VII+VIII)

1,066.81

774.74

X. Profit is attributable to:

Owners of the Group

1,066.64

775.81

Non-Controlling Interest

-

-

XI. Other Comprehensive Income is attributable to:

Owners of the Group

0.17

(1.07)

Non-Controlling Interest

-

-

XII. Total Comprehensive Income is attributable to:

Owners of the Group

1,066.81

774.74

Non-Controlling Interest

-

-

Earnings Per Equity Share

(a) Basic (Nominal Value per share ₹ 2)

45

78.20

56.88

(b) Diluted (Nominal Value per share ₹ 2)

45

78.20

56.88

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

As per our report of even date

For and on behalf of the Board

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Deepak C. Mehta

Maulik Mehta

Dileep Choksi

Chartered Accountants

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Director

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Sanjay Upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

Sudhir Mankad

Partner

Director-Finance & CFO

DIN: 01776546

Company Secretary

Membership No: F6713

Director

DIN: 00086077

Vadodara: May 04, 2022

Vadodara: May 04, 2022

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow (Contd.):

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Director

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Sanjay Upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

Sudhir Mankad

Partner

Director-Finance & CFO

DIN: 01776546

Company Secretary

Membership No: F6713

Director

DIN: 00086077

Vadodara: May 04, 2022

Vadodara: May 04, 2022

Notes

forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2022

Group overview

Deepak Nitrite Limited (‘DNL’ or ‘the Company’) is a prominent chemical manufacturing public limited company incorporated and

domiciled in India. Its registered office is located at Aaditya-I Chhani Road, Vadodara- 390 024, Gujarat, India and its manufacturing

facilities are located in the states of Gujarat, Maharashtra and Telangana.

The Company with its three subsidiaries namely Deepak Phenolics Limited, Deepak Nitrite Corporation Inc. and Deepak Chem Tech

Limited (Formerly known as Deepak Clean Tech Limited) are referred to as the Group here under.

The Group manufactures Basic Intermediates, Fine & Speciality Chemicals, Performance Products, and Phenolics.

The Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2022 has notified amendments to the following accounting standards.

The amendments are effective from April 1, 2022.

1.

Ind AS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment

2.

Ind AS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets

3.

Ind AS 41 Agriculture

4.

Ind AS 101 First time Adoption of Ind AS

5.

Ind AS 103 Business Combination

6.

Ind AS 109 Financial Instruments

There is no material impact on adoption of these amendments.

1.

Significant Accounting Policies

This Note provides a list of the significant Accounting Policies adopted by the Group in the preparation of these Consolidated

Financial Statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated. The

Financial Statements are for the Group consisting of the Company and its subsidiary companies.

(a) I. Basis of preparation

(i)

Compliance with Ind AS

The Consolidated Financial Statements comply in all material respects with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified

under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) [Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015] and other

relevant provisions of the Act.

The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except for the following assets and

liabilities which have been measured at fair value or revalued amount:

(a)

Certain financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value

(b)

Derivative Financial instruments

(c)

Defined benefit plan – plan assets measured at fair value

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between

market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated

using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account

the characteristics of the asset or liability if the market participants would take those characteristics into account when

pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value measurement and/or disclosure purposes in the financial

statements is determined on such a basis except for leasing transactions that are within the scope of Ind AS 116, and

measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in Ind AS 2 or

value in use in Ind AS 36.:

Letter of Undertaking with rate of interest ranging from SOFR plus spread ranging from 0.20% p.a. to 1.50% p.a. These

borrowings are repayable on demand.

Notes

forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2022

(ii)

Working Capital borrowings are secured by way of first Hypothecation charge over Group’s Raw Materials, Semi-Finished and

Finished Goods, Consumable Stores and Book Debts. The assets stated herein are disclosed under note no. 9 and 11.

24. TRADE PAYABLES

₹ in Crores

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

(a)

To outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises

32.37

15.04

(b)

To outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises

479.34

421.70

Total

511.71

436.74

The average credit period on goods purchased or services received ranges between 30 days to 180 days. For ageing schedule related to

Trade Payables refer note 42.5

25. OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

₹ in Crores

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

(a)

Security Deposits

8.40

7.21

(b)

Investor Education and Protection Fund will be credited by following amounts (as and when due)

Unpaid Dividend

1.42

1.20

Unclaimed Matured Deposits (Refer Note below)

0.07

0.07

Unpaid Interest on Matured Fixed Deposits

-

0.01

(c)

Payable for capital expenditure

30.85

19.20

(d)

Interest accrued but not due on Borrowings

0.35

0.62

(e)

Others

1.02

4.13

Total

42.11

32.44

The Unclaimed Matured deposits of ₹ 0.07 crores outstanding as at March 31, 2022 represents an aggregate amount of certain cheques

issued towards compulsory repayment of the outstanding fixed deposits as on March 31, 2015, which have not been presented to the

bank for payment by the depositors.

There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) by the

Group except for an amount of ₹ 49,000 pertaining to unclaimed deposits of Parent Company, pertaining to the year 2014-15 which was

due to be transferred on March 30, 2022 and was transferred on May 03, 2022.

26. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

₹ in Crores

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

(a)

Advances received from Customers

32.24

8.18

(b)

Statutory Dues

36.11

9.21

Total

68.35

17.39

27. CURRENT TAX LIABILITIES

₹ in Crores

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

Provision for Tax (Net of Advances)

2.39

1.59

Total

2.39

1.59

Notes

forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2022:

Director's Sitting Fees

0.35

0.28

(u) Other Directors Commission

3.25

2.99

(v)

Provision for Inventory Obsolescence

-

3.44

Total

371.54

336.68

37. RELATED PARTIES DISCLOSURES

A)

Name of Related Party and nature of relationship

(i) Key Management Personnel

Shri Deepak C. Mehta

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Director

DIN: 00016322

Sanjay Upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

Sudhir Mankad

Director-Finance & CFO

DIN: 01776546

Company Secretary

Membership No: F6713

Director

DIN: 00086077

Vadodara: May 04, 2022

Notes

forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2022:

