letter dated 1st August 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the

Integrated Annual Report for the financial year ended 31st March 2022 along with Notice of the

75th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Grasim Industries Limited (‘the Company’) to be held on

Monday, 29th August 2022 at 11:30 a.m. (IST) through Video Conference (‘VC’) / Other Audio-

Visual Means (‘OAVM’).

The Integrated Annual Report for the financial year ended 31st March 2022 and the Notice of the

75th AGM are being dispatched electronically to the members whose email IDs are registered

with the Company / KFin Technologies Limited, Registrar and Transfer Agent of the Company

and the Depositories.

The Notice of 75th AGM and the Integrated Annual Report for the financial year ended 31st

March 2022 is also uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed at

https://www.grasim.com/investors/results-reports-and-presentations.

The above is for your information and record.

Thanking you,

Yours sincerely,

For Grasim Industries Limited

Sailesh Daga

Company Secretary

FCS-4164

Encl: as above

Cc:

Luxembourg Stock Exchange

Market & Surveillance Dept., P.O.

Box 165, L-2011 Luxembourg,

Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,

Europe

Citibank N.A.

Depositary Receipt

Services

388 Greenwich Street,

6th Floor, New York,

NY 10013

Citibank N.A.

Custodial Services

FIFC, 11th Floor, C-54 & 55,

G Block Bandra Kurla

Complex, Bandra (East),

Mumbai-400098

Sailesh

Kumar Daga

Digitally signed by

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Date: 2022.08.05

17:57:56 +05'30':

letter providing the e-mail address, mobile number,

self-attested PAN copy and Client Master copy in case

of electronic folio and copy of share certificate in case

of physical folio for sending the Annual report, Notice

of AGM and the e-voting instructions.

XIII. After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow

all steps above to cast your vote by electronic means.

XIV. In case of any queries/grievances, you may refer

the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Members

and e-voting User Manual available at the ‘download’

section of https://evoting.kfintech.com or call KFinTech

on 1800 309 4001 (toll free).

III. Access to join the AGM on KFinTech system and to

participate and vote thereat.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM

through VC / OAVM platform provided by KFinTech. Members

may access the same at https://emeetings.kfintech.com by

using the e-voting login credentials provided in the e-mail

received from the Company/KFinTech. After logging in, click

on the Video Conference tab and select the EVEN of the

Company. Click on the video symbol and accept the meeting

etiquettes to join the AGM. Please note that the Members

who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting

or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve

the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions

mentioned above.

Procedure for joining the AGM though VC / OAVM

I.

Member will be able to attend the AGM through

VC / OAVM or view the live webcast of the AGM at

https://emeetings.kfintech.com/ by using their remote

e-voting login credentials and selecting the ‘Event’ for

Company’s AGM.

Members who do not have the User ID and Password

for e-voting or have forgotten the User ID and

Password may retrieve the same by following the

remote e-voting instructions mentioned in this Notice.

Further, Members can also use the OTP based login for

logging into the e-voting system.

II.

Facility for joining AGM though VC / OAVM shall open

atleast 30 minutes before the commencement of the

Meeting and shall be kept open throughout the AGM.

III.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops/Desktops with Google Chrome (preferred

browser), Safari, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge,

Mozilla Firefox 22.

IV.

Members will be required to grant access to the

webcam to enable VC / OAVM. Further, Members

connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through

Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience

Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their respective

network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable

Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of

aforesaid glitches.

V.

Facility of joining the AGM through VC / OAVM shall be

available on first come first served basis.

Large Members (i.e. Members holding 2% or more

shareholding), promoters, institutional investors,

directors, key managerial personnel, the Chairpersons

of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and Stakeholders' Relationship Committee,

Auditors, etc. will not be subject to the aforesaid

restriction of first come first served basis.:

letter, addressed to

KFinTech:

• share certificate(s)

• copy of Pan Card(s) of all the Members

• Member’s e-mail ID and mobile number

Upon receipt of the above documents, the Company will

consolidate the holdings and issue: letter of confirmation in

lieu of consolidated share certificate. The Member’s details

will be updated in the Company’s record. This will not only

facilitate speedy communication but also result in faster

disbursal of future dividend. Moreover, the possibility of loss/

misplacement of dividend warrants will also be eliminated.

It is also recommended that Members consider migrating

their shareholding to the electronic mode.

XI.

SEBI has vide Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/

CIR/2021/655 dated 3rd November 2021 read with

SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/ CIR/2021/687 dated

14th December 2021, mandated furnishing of details of

PAN, e-mail address, mobile number, bank account and

nomination by holders of physical securities. Further, it is

stated that folios wherein any one of the cited document/

details including linking of PAN with Aadhaar are not

furnished or made available on or after 1st April 2023,

the relevant folio(s) shall be frozen by the Registrars and

Transfer Agent of the Company (RTA). After 31st December

2025, the frozen folios shall be referred by RTA/Company to

the administering authority under the Benami Transactions

(Prohibitions) Act, 1988 and/or Prevention of Money

Laundering Act, 2002. The requisite forms are available

on the website of the Company https://www.grasim.com/

investors/investors-forms. Members are requested to get

in touch with RTA in this regard.

letter of appointment as an Independent

Director, setting out the terms and conditions is available for

inspection by the members.

The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item

No. 9 of the Notice for the approval by the Members.

Except Ms. Anita Ramachandran and her relatives, none of the

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their

relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise,

in the resolutions for her appointment, set out in Item No. 9 of

this Notice.

Item Nos. 10, 11 and 12:

Adoption of the Grasim Industries Limited Employee Stock Option

and Performance Stock Unit Scheme 2022 ("the Scheme 2022");

extending the benefits of the Scheme 2022 to employees of the

group companies including associate and subsidiary companies

of the Company; approval for implementing the Scheme 2022

through the trust route, secondary acquisition of the equity

shares of the Company by the Trust and extending financial

assistance / provision of money by the Company to the Trust to

fund the acquisition of its equity shares, in terms of the Scheme

2022.

The Board of Directors (“Board”) of the Company at its meeting

held on 19th July 2022 based upon the recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Commitee approved adoption

of the ‘Grasim Industries Limited Employee Stock Option and

Performance Stock Unit Scheme 2022’ (“the Scheme 2022”)

for the benefit of eligible employees of the Company, its Group

Company(ies) including subsidiary Company(ies) and associate

company(ies) [as defined under the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat

Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations") and

the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act")], which entitles them to

the equity shares of the Company, subject to the approval of the

Members by way of a special resolution.

The Company aims to provide competitive remuneration

opportunities to its employees, including through annual

incentive plans and long-term incentive plans. The Company

believes that the presence of a long-term incentive plan and

the resulting employee ownership can facilitate a performance

driven culture and contribute to the success of the Company. The

Company views stock options and units as long-term incentive

instruments to enable the employees to share the value they

create for the Company in the years to come. Accordingly, the

main objectives of the Scheme 2022 are:

(i)

to achieve sustained growth of the Company and create

stakeholder value by aligning the interests of the employees

with the long-term interests of the Company;

(ii)

to attract and retain talent and as well as to motivate the

employees to contribute to its growth and profitability;

(iii) to recognise and reward the efforts of employees and

their continued association with the Company and its

group company(ies) including associate company(ies) and

subsidiary company(ies); and

(iv) to promote the culture of employee ownership, to enable

the employees to have greater involvement in the existing

plans of the Company and provide them an opportunity to

share in the future growth and profitability of the Company,

which should lead to improved employee engagement,

motivation and retention.

The Board has nominated the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee (the “NRC”) to be designated as the Compensation

Committee for the administration and superintendence of the

Scheme 2022 in accordance with the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations.

Approval of the Members is being sought for grant of employee

stock options (“Options”) and/or performance stock units

(“PSUs”) (collectively “Stock Options”) to the eligible employees

as may be determined by the NRC.

The Scheme 2022 shall be implemented through the Grasim

Employees’ Welfare Trust ("the Trust"). The Trust will acquire

equity shares of the Company through secondary acquisition such

that the secondary acquisition in a financial year shall not exceed

2% of the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as at the

end of the previous financial year. Further, in terms of the SEBI

SBEB & SE Regulations, the total equity shares to be held by the

Trust shall not exceed 5% of the paid-up equity share capital as at

the end of the financial year immediately prior to the year in which

the shareholder approval is obtained. As at 31st March 2022, 5%

of the paid-up equity share capital of the Company comprises of

3,29,14,771 (Three Crore Twenty Nine Lakh Fourteen Thousand

Seven Hundred Seventy One) equity shares.:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS: Dear Shareholders,

For many years, we have been talking about

increasing volatility and unpredictability.

The events of the last 24 months have

heralded a new era of uncertainty where

both the amplitude and frequency of shifts

have vastly exceeded anything we have

seen in recent decades. The unprecedented

pandemic was followed by supply chain

whiplash, and further disruption was

brought on by the Russia-Ukraine war.

We are now staring at the spectre of

a high-interest rate and high-inflation

regime globally.

Over the years, corporations have tried to find a balance

between efficiency and resilience, with successive decades

of growth having swung the pendulum in the direction of

efficiency. The events of the last two years have once again

taught us all the virtues of reserves and resilience.

This era of disruption also presents a unique opportunity for

renewal. The exigencies of this disruption have pushed the

boundaries of innovation. A world that freed thinking from

its conventional shackles. And we are clearly staring at a new

age, with new paradigms and new ideas.

GLOBAL ECONOMY: THE STORM BEFORE THE CALM?

The global economy recovered from the pandemic shock in

2022 on the back of supportive fiscal and monetary policies

and mass vaccination programmes. However, at the end

of FY22, the war in Ukraine and the subsequent economic

sanctions on Russia posed several challenges. It disrupted

energy markets and supply chains and added to the already

evolving inflationary pressures and concerns over consumer

demand. Consequently, growth forecasts have been slashed.

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) now expects the

world economy to grow by 3.6% in CY22, which is 0.8

percentage points lower than its pre-war projections.

Many economies have experienced a sharp surge in inflation,

particularly in food and fuel prices, taking their inflation

rates to multi-decade highs. Central banks have been forced

to respond to surging prices with aggressive rate hikes.

The pace of monetary tightening is turning out to be quite

swift as central bankers attempt to catch up with the rising

inflation from their ultra-accommodative stance during the

pandemic.

As the stance of monetary policy shifts, there is greater

turbulence in currency markets. The dollar has strengthened,

while emerging economies have witnessed downward

pressure on their currencies. At the same time, energy and

commodity markets have witnessed heightened volatility.

Global supply chain disruptions due to pandemic-induced

lockdowns have been replaced by new disruptions caused by

the war in Ukraine and the economic sanctions.

While the global economic backdrop remains challenging,

there are reasons to remain optimistic. First, despite the

slowdown, IMF’s projection of world GDP growth in CY22 is still

tracking the pre-pandemic average. Second, fiscal support

in developed economies remains above the pre-pandemic

trend, although diluted, versus past years. Third, mega-trends

around sustainability, green investments, digitisation, and

disintermediation remain well-entrenched and will support

growth and productivity enhancement in the medium-term.

Thus, while businesses will need to remain on guard regarding

financial market volatility and cost pressures this year, one

could expect the medium-term growth recovery to remain

on track.

We live by his values

Integrity, Commitment, Passion, Seamlessness and Speed.

Shri Aditya Vikram Birla

1

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 |

Grasim Industries Limited

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

2

3

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 |

Grasim Industries Limited:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

The VSF Vilayat site became the first Indian site to achieve

the EU Best Available Technology (BAT) compliance. The

remaining Indian sites would achieve compliance by FY25.

The Nagda unit set a new benchmark by commissioning a

Zero liquid Discharge plant (ZLD), a global first in Man Made

Cellulose Fibre industry.

PULP JOINT VENTURES

The operational performance of the pulp plants was

impacted by technical factors in the overseas plants. Better

pulp prices and exceptional items supported the financial

performance. The pulp JV's are of strategic importance to

Grasim's operations as they cater to a significant portion of

our pulp requirement and ensure consistency in the supply of

prime quality pulp.

CHEMICALS

The Chemical business reported watershed performance

in FY22, with both the Chlor-Alkali and Advanced material

business clocking solid results.

Global caustic soda prices rallied through the year on the

back of a robust recovery in demand due to the phasing out

of covid-related restrictions and other geopolitical factors.

Indian caustic soda prices also trended global prices, but with

a lag. The Indian demand for caustic soda was driven by pulp

& paper, textile, and alumina. The prices of chlorine, a by-

product of caustic soda, turned negative in H2FY22 on the

back of weak demand from the end-user industry.

Improving the percentage of chlorine integration is a key

element of the strategy. The business is looking to enhance

the rate of chlorine integration from 30% in Q4FY22 to 40%

by FY25.

The performance of the Advanced Material (Epoxy)

business was robust, driven by solid demand from the

end-user segment (Auto and Wind Power) and substantial

improvement in realisation. Witnessing a strong demand in

the Advanced Material business, your Company has decided

to double its capacity.

On the sustainability front, improving the share of renewable

energy in the overall power mix, and setting up Zero Liquid

Discharge plants are core to the strategy.

The Net Revenue for FY22 stood at ` 7,888 Crore, an increase

of 72% YoY, and EBITDA at ` 1,534 Crore was up 160% YoY.

OTHER BUSINESSES

The execution of our strategic foray into paints business is

on track. We have accelerated our pace of investments in

the business. This will enable your Company to create a more

significant Pan India presence and harness & expand the

distribution network of our white cement business to serve

customers with an unmatched product offering.

The Textile business witnessed a strong recovery in

operational and financial performance with a rebound in the

textile demand during H2FY22.

The performance of the Insulators business for FY22

improved, driven by demand from overseas markets, higher

export realisation, and recovery of old dues.

CAPEX

The total capex spent by the Company towards capacity

creation and modernisation of plants stood at ` 1,958 Crore in

FY22 compared to ` 1,508 Crore excluding the paints business

(standalone basis). The total capex spent by the paints

business since inception stood at ` 605 Crore. The Board of

your Company has approved a total capex amount of ` 10,000

Crore for the paints business. This amount will be invested till

FY25 with commissioning of plants starting from Q4FY24.

ULTRATECH CEMENT LIMITED (A SUBSIDIARY OF

THE COMPANY)

UltraTech recorded net revenues of ` 52,599 Crore and an

EBITDA of ` 12,022 Crore in FY22.

The Indian cement industry is expected to add ˜80 million

tonnes of capacity by FY24, the highest during the last

ten years, driven by increased spending on housing and

infrastructure. As India’s building solutions champion,

UltraTech is committed to meeting the nation’s future needs

for housing, roads, and other infrastructure.

ADITYA BIRLA CAPITAL LIMITED (A SUBSIDIARY OF

THE COMPANY)

Aditya Birla Capital has built a platform with high quality,

significant scale, and a retail franchise over the years. The

company has tripled net profit over the last five years and

nearly doubled over the previous two years, despite several

external challenges.

4

5

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 |

Grasim Industries Limited:

Managing Director

26

Value creation model

28

Stakeholder engagement

30

Materiality assessment

32

Risk Management

34

Strategy and progress

42

Grasim at 75

44

Financial capital

48

Manufactured capital

54

Intellectual capital

58

Natural capital

64

Human capital

78

Social and relationship capital

84

Leadership team

92

GRI Index

95

Independent Assurance Statement

100

Financial Highlights

104

Board’s Report

108

Management Discussion and Analysis

153

Report on Corporate Governance

159

Shareholder Information

185

Business Responsibility &

Sustainability Report

200

CSR Report

238

Standalone Financial Statements

241

Consolidated Financial Statements

350

Further information can be found

online at grasim.com

REPORTING APPROACH

ABOUT THIS REPORT

This is the third integrated report of

Grasim Industries. We commenced our

integrated reporting journey in 2020, to

present a collective view of our value-

creation encompassing our financial

and non-financial performance, future

strategy, resources and relationships,

risks and opportunities, and governance

approach, among others. This year,

we strive to enhance our disclosures

by combining our integrated report

with our annual report to facilitate

easy access for our stakeholders to

all information in one interlinked

document. This Report is for the period

from 1st April 2021 to 31st March 2022.

FRAMEWORKS AND STANDARDS

This Report follows the guiding

principles and content elements of the

Integrated Reporting <IR> Framework

outlined by the International Integrated

Reporting Council (IIRC), now the Value

Reporting Foundation (VRF). Further,

this Report has been prepared in

accordance with the GRI Standards:

Core option.

This Report also covers information

that aligns with

· United Nations Global Compact

(UNGC)

· United Nations Sustainable

Development Goals (UN SDGs)

· CDP (formerly known as Carbon

Disclosure Project)

· National Guidelines on Responsible

Business Conduct (NGRBC)

· Companies Act, 2013 (and the rules

made thereunder)

· Indian Accounting Standards

· Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015

· Secretarial Standards issued by the

Institute of Company Secretaries

of India

· Task Force on Climate-related

Financial Disclosure (TCFD)

· Business Responsibility and

Sustainability Report (BRSR)

· Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)

SCOPE AND BOUNDARY

This Report covers financial disclosures

of Grasim Industries at both standalone

and consolidated levels. The non-

financial disclosures (specifically

environmental and social KPIs) pertain

to our standalone domestic operations

at the following sites:

· Viscose Stable Fibre (VSF) – Nagda,

Harihar, Kharach and Vilayat

· Pulp – Harihar

· Chemicals – Nagda, Vilayat, Veraval,

Karwar, Rehla, Renukoot and Ganjam

· Textiles – Rishra, Malanpur and

Kolhapur

· Insulators – Halol and Rishra

· Viscose Filament Yarn (VFY) –

Veraval and Kalyan

BOARD RESPONSIBILITY

The integrity of the information

presented in this Report has been

assured by our respected Board

of Directors to the best of their

knowledge. Our senior management

comprising key managerial personnel

has also reviewed the Report for

consistency, clarity, and veracity of

messaging.

10

11

| Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 |

Grasim Industries Limited:

Managing Director

Dr. Santrupt Misra

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Shailendra K. Jain

Non-Executive Director

Our Board

OUR GOVERNANCE

22

23

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 |

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited:

Managing Director,

I could not have asked for a stronger foundation.

Stepping forward into the next phase of growth-“Next

25 Years”, we will continue to explore new paradigms and

new ideas. This is a new age. And as always, dynamism will

continue to define our actions. Through our products and

services, we will always endeavour to positively impact all our

stakeholders and create shared prosperity—for people and

the planet.

Best regards,

H K Agarwal: Managing

Letter of Intent

with Renewcell to use their pulp once their commercial

facility starts. The Company has invested further for

expanding the scale of Reviva at EUBAT compliant Vilayat

site by building up textile waste pre-treatment facility based

on in-house developed technology.

WASTE WATER RECYCLING INNOVATIONS

Initiated implementing innovations in the process and water

treatment technologies to enable recycle and re-use of waste

effluent streams. The target is to pilot novel technologies

for recovering useful chemicals from the waste streams and

optimally use the recovered chemicals back in the process.

Once fully implemented, this will simplify the ETP operations

and lead way towards eventual target of minimising water

usage and sustaining our leadership position as the lowest

water consumer among viscose fibre manufacturers.

FLAME RETARDANT (FR) VSF: FIBER FOR FIRE

SUITS AND TECHNICAL TEXTILES

Commercialised textile grade FR Fiber with certified

flame retardant properties for application in fire suits,

military uniforms, kids wear and technical textiles.

The fibres are certified with Oeko-Tex standard100

which gives highest assurance of safety and health.

After having successfully developed the FR fibre, we

are uniquely positioned to offer solutions for designed

technical textiles for the Protective wear segment in

India and globally.

FASHION YARN

The team developed Lycra-covered yarn (Spandex

covered with PSY), which is stretchable and has usage

in garments and denim. The development of space-dyed

yarn is in progress for usage in fashion fabrics.

LINEN CLUB

This wrinkle-resist range, offers maximum Linen with

minimum creases. It is the first-of-its kind innovation in

the Indian Linen fabric retail market.

It has been developed after extensive research, tests and

trials using eco-friendly chemicals and processes. The

Linen has added benefits of wrinkle resistance and faster

crease recovery and has been successfully established to

serve all categories of retail and brands.

ADVANCED MATERIAL – EPOXY RESINS

BUSINESS

The R&D team is engaged in developing various bio-based

products, the molecules of which are developed via a

combination of the Company’s formulation expertise

and properties in new bio-based chemistries developed

by reputed agencies. Various reactive bio-based epoxy

diluents of desired viscosities, Epoxy equivalent weight

(EEW) and Hydrolyzable Chloride (HyCl) content, mono,

di- and multi-functional epoxy building blocks are

developed by R&D.

INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL

60

61

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 |

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited:

Managing Director -

UltraTech Cement Limited

Mr. Rajesh Shrivastava

Chief Executive Officer-

Solar Power Business

LEADERSHIP TEAM

Mr. H. K. Agarwal: Managing

Managing Director

and Key Managerial Personnel ('KMP') of the Company, not liable

to retire by rotation, with effect from 1st December 2021. The

members of the Company have approved his appointment as: Managing

Managing Director of the Company, took an

early retirement and ceased to be the: Managing Director and

Key Managerial Personnel of the Company with effect from

the close of business hours of 30th November 2021.

The Board placed on record its sincere appreciation for the

valuable contribution and services rendered by Mr. Vipin Anand

and Mr. Dilip Gaur during their tenure with the Company.

There is no pecuniary or business relationship between the

Non-executive Directors and the Company, except for the sitting

fees and commission payable to the Non-executive Directors,

in accordance with the applicable laws and approval of the

shareholders of the Company.

Key Managerial Personnel

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Act,

Mr. Harikrishna Agarwal, Managing Director, Mr. Ashish Adukia,

Chief Financial Officer (‘CFO’) and Mr. Sailesh Daga, Company

Secretary are the Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) of the

Company as on 31st March 2022.

Mr. Pavan Jain has been appointed as CFO and KMP of the

Company with effect from 15th August 2022. The appointment

comes in the wake of Mr. Ashish Adukia’s plan to pursue career

opportunities outside the Aditya Birla Group. He will be relieved

from his current responsibilities as CFO and KMP of the Company

with effect from 14th August 2022.

The Board placed on record its sincere appreciation for the

valuable contribution made by Mr. Ashish Adukia during his

tenure as the CFO and KMP of the Company.

MEETINGS OF THE BOARD

The Board of Directors of the Company met 6 (six) times during

the year to deliberate on various matters. The meetings were

held on 24th May 2021, 13th August 2021, 1st September 2021,

12th November 2021, 31st December 2021 and 14th February 2022.

Further details are provided in the Corporate Governance Report,

which forms an integral part of this Annual Report.

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

Your Company has received declarations from all the Independent

Directors of your Company, confirming that:

(a)

they meet the criteria of independence as prescribed under

Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the

Listing Regulations; and

(b)

they have registered their names in the Independent

Directors Databank.

Your Company’s Board is of the opinion that the Independent

Directors possess requisite qualifications, experience and

expertise in Corporate Governance, Legal, Compliance, Financial

literacy, General Management, Human Resource Development,

Industry knowledge, Innovation, technology & digitisation,

Marketing, Risk Management, Strategy and Sustainability and

they hold highest standards of integrity.

FORMAL ANNUAL EVALUATION

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations,

the Board of Directors has carried out an annual evaluation of

its own performance, its Committees, Independent Directors,

Non-executive Directors, Executive Director and the

Managing Director. Dr. Pragnya Ram,

Group Executive President - CSR is a permanent invitee to the

Committee. The Corporate Social Responsibility Policy ('CSR

Policy'), indicating the activities undertaken by your Company,

is available on your Company’s website at https://www.grasim.

com/investors/policies-and-code-of-conduct.

Your Company is a caring corporate citizen and lays significant

emphasis on development of the host communities around which

it operates. Your Company, with this intent, has identified several

projects relating to Social Empowerment and Welfare, Rural

Development, Sustainable Livelihood, Health Care and Education,

during the year, and initiated various activities in neighbouring

villages around its plant locations. Your Company undertook

several initiatives to help nation fight against COVID-19 crisis

including supply of healthcare equipment, oxygen concentrators,

organisation of medical camps, distributing face masks, hand

gloves, sanitiser bottles, COVID-19 testing kits, PPE kit, creating

COVID-19 related awareness, etc.

During the year, the Company spent C42.47 Crore, of which

C38.40 Crore (excluding CSR of C4.75 Crore which remained

unspent and has been transferred to separate bank account

in April 2022 and classified as ongoing project by the Board)

was spent towards mandatory CSR obligations of the Company

and additionally C4.07 Crore was spent towards voluntary CSR

activities.

The initiatives undertaken by your Company on CSR activities,

during the year, are given in Annexure 'E' to this Report, in

the format prescribed in the Companies (Corporate Social

Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, as amended.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND SUSTAINABILITY

Your Company has constituted Risk Management and

Sustainability Committee, which is inter alia, mandated to

review the risk management plan/process of your Company. Risk

evaluation and management is an ongoing process within the

organisation. Your Company has a comprehensive Enterprise Risk

Management framework to periodically assess risks in the internal

and external environments and incorporates mitigation plans in

its business strategy and operation plans. The same is periodically

reviewed by the Committee. The scope of the Committee has

been enhanced to include activities pertaining to overseeing

sustainability activities, advising the Board on sustainability

practices, etc, and accordingly, the Risk Management Committee

was renamed as Risk Management and Sustainability Committee

('RMSC') effective from 24th May 2021. During the year, the

RMSC met twice to review the risk management activities of

the Company which includes Risk Identification, Assessment,

Evaluation and Mitigation plans.

Based on the aforesaid review, there are no risks, which in the

opinion of the Board, threaten the existence of the Company.

However, key risks are set out in the Management Discussion and

Analysis, which forms part of this Annual Report.

The Risk Management Policy is available on the Company’s website

at https://www.grasim.com/Upload/PDF/risk-management-

policy.pdf

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

As per Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Listing Regulations, a

separate section on Business Responsibility and Sustainability

Report, describing the initiatives taken by your Company from

environmental, social and governance perspective, forms an

integral part of this Annual Report.

ANNUAL RETURN

Pursuant to Section 92 and Section 134 of the Act, read with

Rule 12 of the Companies (Management and Administration)

Rules, 2014, the Annual Return of your Company as on 31st

March 2022 is available on Company’s website at https://www.

grasim.com/Upload/PDF/annual-return-aug22.pdf

INTERNAL CONTROLS

Your Company has in place adequate internal control systems

(including internal financial control system) commensurate with

the size and complexity of its operations. Internal control systems

comprising of policies and procedures are designed to ensure

sound management of your Company’s operations, safe keeping

of its assets, optimal utilisation of resources, reliability of its

financial information and compliance. Systems and procedures

are periodically reviewed to keep pace with the growing size

and complexity of your Company’s operations. During the year,

no material or serious observation has been received from the

Joint Statutory Auditors of your Company, citing inefficiency or

inadequacy of such controls.

REMUNERATION POLICY

The Company’s remuneration policy is directed towards

rewarding performance based on review of achievements. The

remuneration policy is in consonance with existing industry

practice. There has been no change in the policy during the year.

The Remuneration Policy of your Company, as formulated by

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board

of Directors, is given in Annexure 'F' to this Report and is also

available on your Company’s website at https://www.grasim.com/

upload/pdf/ABG-executive-remuneration-philosophy-policy.pdf

Board’s Report (Contd.):

Managing Director of the Company,

under ESOS-2018 and also approved vesting of 4,35,952 Stock

Options and 2,18,800 RSUs. NRC also approved 52,847 Stock

Options not be vested, due to vesting criteria not being met in

accordance with the provisions of ESOS-2018. The ESOS-2018

is being administered through the Grasim Employees’ Welfare

Trust ('Trust').

2,06,437 equity shares were transferred from the Trust account

to the employees account on account of exercise of Stock Options

and RSUs by the grantees.

The details of Stock Options granted pursuant to ESOS-2006 and

the Stock Options and RSUs granted pursuant to ESOS-2013 and

ESOS-2018, and the other disclosures in compliance with the

provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share

Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021,

is available on your Company’s website at https://www.grasim.

com/Upload/PDF/esos-disclosure-aug22.pdf

A certificate from the Secretarial Auditors, with respect to

implementation of your Company’s ESOS, will be available

electronically for inspection, without any fee, by the members

from the date of circulation of the Notice of the Annual General

Meeting up to the date of Annual General Meeting. Members

seeking to inspect such documents can send an e-mail at

grasim.secretarial@adityabirla.com.

ESOS-2022

The Company intends to reward, attract, motivate and retain

employees and directors of the Company, its subsidiary

or associate company(ies) for their high level of individual

performance, by offering them equity shares by way of an

Employee Stock Options Scheme.

Towards this, the Company seeks the approval of the members

to adopt the ‘Grasim Industries Limited Employee Stock Option

and Performance Stock Unit Scheme, 2022’ (hereinafter referred

to as 'the Scheme 2022’) in terms of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)

Regulations, 2021 ('SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations'). The Company

intends to offer not more than 44,14,000 Equity Shares of

C2/- each (which represents 0.67% of the paid-up equity share

capital as on 31st March 2022) in one or more tranches, in

accordance with the Scheme 2022, SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations

or other provisions of law as may be prevailing at that time.

The Scheme 2022 shall be implemented through the Grasim

Employees’ Welfare Trust ('Trust'), since it is proposed that the

equity shares of the Company would be acquired by the Trust

from the secondary market. The Company proposes to extend

financial assistance to the Trust for this purpose, subject to the

overall limits specified under the applicable laws.

The broad framework of the Scheme 2022 is detailed in the

Notice of the AGM. Your Directors recommend the resolutions

seeking your approval for Scheme 2022 and related matters

form part of the Notice of the AGM.

Board’s Report (Contd.):

Managing Director of the Company does not receive any

remuneration or commission from any of its subsidiaries;

4.

There were no revisions in the financial statement(s);

5.

There has been no change in the nature of business of your

Company;

6.

No significant or material orders were passed by the

Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which impact the going

concern status and your Company’s operations in the

future. The update on the status of material orders passed

by the Regulators or Court or Tribunals is provided in this

Report;

7.

There were no proceeding initiated under the Insolvency

and Bankruptcy Code, 2016;

8.

There was no instance of one time settlement with any

Bank or Financial Institution; and

9.

There was no failure to implement any Corporate Action.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

Your Directors express their deep sense of gratitude to the banks,

financial institutions, stakeholders, business associates, Central

and State Governments for their co-operation and support and

look forward to their continued support in future.

Your Directors very warmly thank all our employees for their

contribution to your Company’s performance. We applaud

them for their superior levels of competence, dedication and

commitment to your Company.

For and on behalf of the Board

Kumar Mangalam Birla

Chairman

Mumbai, 19th July 2022

(DIN: 00012813)

Board’s Report (Contd.):

Managing Director

Non-executive Director

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

DIN :09288720

DIN: 00013625

Membership No.: F4164

Date : 24th May 2022

Place : Mumbai:

letter of even date annexed to this report as

Annexure-A.

1.

COMPLIANCE WITH SPECIFIC STATUTORY PROVISIONS

We further report that:

1.1 We have examined the books, papers, minutes books,

forms and returns filed and other records maintained by

the Company during the year according to the applicable

provisions/clauses of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (the 'Act') and the Rules

made thereunder;

(ii)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956

(‘SCRA’) and the Rules made thereunder;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and

Bye-laws framed thereunder;

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA), 1999 and

the Rules and Regulations made thereunder to the

extent of Overseas Direct Investments and External

Commercial Borrowings;

(v)

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed

under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,

1992 (‘SEBI Act’):

(a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011;

(b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

(c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat

Equity) Regulations, 2021;

(d)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015;

Annexure ’D’ to the Board’s Report:

Managing Director of the Company with effect from

30th November 2021.

(x)

Appointment of Mr. Harikrishna Agarwal (DIN:

09288720), as the: Managing

letter.

1.

The Company’s management is responsible for maintenance

of secretarial records and compliance with the provisions of

corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations and

standards. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the

secretarial records produced for our audit.

2.

We have followed such audit practices and processes as

we considered appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial

records.

3.

We have considered compliance related actions taken by

the Company based on independent legal /professional

opinion obtained as being in compliance with law.

4.

We have verified the secretarial records furnished to us on

a test basis to see whether the correct facts are reflected

therein. We have also examined the compliance procedures

followed by the Company. We believe that the processes

and practices we followed, provide a reasonable basis for

our opinion.

5.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

6.

We have obtained the management’s representation about

the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening

of events, wherever required.

7.

Our Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For BNP & Associates

Company Secretaries

[Firm Regn. No.: P2014MH037400]

Avinash Bagul

Partner

Place: Mumbai

FCS No.: 5578/COP No.: 19862

Date: 24th May 2022

UDIN: F005578D000359965:

Managing Director

1

1

5

Mr. Harikrishna Agarwal2

Member,: Managing

Managing Director

Chairperson, CSR Committee

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00022995

Annexure 'E' to the Board's Report (Contd.):

Managing Director, Chief

Financial Officer and Company Secretary; and

3.

Senior Management.

III. BUSINESS AND TALENT COMPETITORS

We benchmark our executive pay practices and levels

against peer companies in similar industries, geographies

and of similar size. In addition, we look at secondary

reference (internal and external) benchmarks in order to

ensure that the pay policies and levels across the Group are

broadly equitable and support the Group's global mobility

objectives for executive talent. Secondary reference points

bring to the table, the executive pay practices and pay

levels in other markets and industries, to appreciate the

differences in levels and medium of pay and build in as

appropriate for decision making.

IV. EXECUTIVE PAY POSITIONING

We aim to provide competitive remuneration opportunities

to our executives by positioning target total remuneration

(including perks and benefits, annual incentive pay-outs,

long-term incentive pay outs at target performance) and

target the total cash compensation (including annual

incentive pay-outs) at target performance directionally

between median and top quartile of the primary talent

market. We recognise the size and scope of the role and

the market standing, skills and experience of incumbents

while positioning our executives.

We use secondary market data only as a reference point for

determining the types and amount of remuneration while

principally believing that the target total remuneration

packages should reflect the typical cost of comparable

executive talent available in the sector.

V.

EXECUTIVE PAY-MIX

Our executive pay-mix aims to strike the appropriate balance

between key components: (i) Fixed Cash Compensation

(Basic Salary + Allowances); (ii) Annual Incentive Plan;

(iii) Long-Term Incentives; and (iv) Perks and Benefits.

Annual Incentive Plan

We tie annual incentive plan pay-outs of our executives to

the relevant financial and operational metrics achievement

and their individual performance. We annually align the

financial and operational metrics with priorities/focus areas

for the business.

Long-Term Incentives

Our long-term incentive plans incentivise stretch

performance, link executive remuneration to sustained

long-term growth and act as a retention and reward tool.

We use stock options as the primary long-term incentive

vehicles for our executives as we believe that they best align

executive incentives with stockholder interests.

We grant restricted stock units as a secondary long-term

incentive vehicle, to motivate and retain our executives.:

Managing Director

155.64

36.41

Not Applicable

Mr. Ashish Adukia5

Chief Financial Officer

358.96

Not Applicable

6%

Mr. Sailesh Daga6

Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

86.32

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

Note: Percentage increase in remuneration is not calculated for Directors / KMP, who were with the Company for part of the year in 2021-22.

1

Smt. Rajashree Birla, leads the entire CSR initiatives and monitors its implementation for the Company. She is deeply involved in identifying

and planning the areas of social impact and then closely monitors the progress of such CSR activities. For her exemplary contribution, she has

won many awards and accolades. The most outstanding is the “Padma Bhushan” Award bestowed on her by the Government of India in 2011

in the area of “Social Work”.

2

Appointed as an Independent Directors w.e.f. 24th May 2021.

3

Remuneration of Mr. Vipin Anand (ceased as Non-Executive Director Non-Independent Director w.e.f. 14th October 2021) and Mr. Raj Kumar

(appointed as a Non-Executive Director Non-Independent Director w.e.f. 12th November 2021) for FY 2021-22 is payable to LIC of India.

4

Remuneration paid to Mr. Harikrishna Agarwal as: Managing

Managing Director are held by different individuals, where

Chairman of the Board is a Non-executive Chairman. The

Board periodically evaluates the need for change in its size

and composition in order to remain aligned with statutory

and business requirements.

None of the Directors is on the Board of more than 10

public limited companies or acts as a Director/Independent

Director in more than 7 listed entities. None of the Director

on the Board, who is an Executive Director serves as an

Independent Director in more than 3 listed entities.

Further, none of the Directors is a Member of more than

10 Committees or Chairperson of more than 5 Committees,

across all public companies in which he/she is a Director.

The composition of the Board is in conformity with the

requirements of the Act and the Listing Regulations.

All Independent Directors are free from any business or

other relationship that could materially influence their

judgement. The Company has received declarations from

all the Independent Directors confirming that they meet

the criteria of independence as specified under Regulation

16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and under Section 149(6)

of the Act and they are qualified to act as Independent

Directors. Independent Directors have included their names

in the data bank of Independent Directors maintained

with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs in terms of

Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies

(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.

In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations,

Independent Directors have confirmed that they are not

aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or

may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or impact

their ability to discharge their duties with an objective of

independent judgement and without any external influence.

In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors fulfil

the conditions specified in the Listing Regulations and:

Managing Director is

appointed for a term of up to two years and is not liable

to retire by rotation. Non-executive Directors (except

Independent Directors) are liable to retire by rotation and

are eligible for re-appointment, unless otherwise specifically

provided under the Articles of Association or under any

statute.

The details of the composition of the Board of Directors of the Company and the outside Directorships and Committee positions

held by them as on 31st March 2022 are as under:

Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla

DIN

00012813

Profile

Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla is the Chairman of the Board of Directors

of your Company and the Chairman of Aditya Birla Group ('Group'),

which operates in 36 countries across six continents. He is a Chartered

Accountant and holds an MBA Degree from the London Business School.

Mr. Birla chairs the Boards of all major Group companies in India and

globally. In the 26 years that he has been at the helm of the Group, he has

accelerated growth, built meritocracy, and enhanced stakeholder value. In

the process he has raised the Group’s turnover by over 25 times.

He has been the architect of over 40 acquisitions in India and globally,

among the highest by any Indian multinational. Under his stewardship,

the Group enjoys a position of leadership in all the major sectors in which

it operates, from cement to chemicals, metals to textiles, and apparels

to financial services. Over the years, Mr. Birla has built a highly successful

meritocratic organisation, anchored by an extraordinary force of 140,000

employees belonging to 100 different nationalities.

Outside the Group, Mr. Birla has held several key positions on various

regulatory and professional Boards. He was a Director on the Central

Board of Directors of the Reserve Bank of India. He was Chairman of

the Advisory Committee constituted by the Ministry of Company Affairs

and also served on the Prime Minister of India’s Advisory Council on

Trade and Industry. As the Chairman of the Securities Exchange Board

of India Committee on Corporate Governance, he framed the first-ever

governance code for Corporate India.

Over the years, Mr. Birla has been conferred several prestigious awards.

In 2021, he received the TiE Global Entrepreneurship Award for Business

Transformation, the first Indian business leader to receive this honour. He

is also the first Indian Industrialist to be conferred an Honorary degree by

the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

Mr. Birla is deeply engaged with Educational Institutions. He is the Chancellor

of the Birla Institute of Technology & Science ('BITS') with campuses in

Pilani, Goa, Hyderabad and Dubai. He is also the Chairman of India’s premier

management institute — Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.

On the global arena, Mr. Birla is an Honorary Fellow of the London Business

School. In 2019, Mr. Birla constituted a £15 million scholarship programme

at the London Business School in memory of his grandfather, Mr. B. K. Birla,

marking the largest ever-endowed scholarship gift to a European Business

School.

A firm practitioner of the trusteeship concept, Mr. Birla has institutionalised

the concept of caring and giving at the Group. With his mandate, the Group

is involved in meaningful welfare driven activities that distinctively enrich

the lives of millions.

Category of Director

Chairman, Non-executive and

Non-independent Director

Age

55 years

Date of Appointment

14th October 1992

Term ending date

Liable to retire by rotation

Tenure ~

30 years

Shareholding

11,76,713*

Board Memberships – Indian

Listed companies

1. Aditya Birla Capital Limited:

Non-executive Director

2. Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail

Limited: Non-executive Director

3. Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited:

Non-executive Director

4. Century Textiles and Industries

Limited: Non-executive Director

5. Hindalco Industries Limited:

Non-executive Director

6. UltraTech Cement Limited:

Non-executive Director

Directorship(s) in public

companies

7

Committee position

Chairman

-

Member

-

Area of expertise

Corporate Governance, Legal & Compliance

Financial literacy

General Management

Human Resource Development

Industry knowledge

Innovation, technology & digitisation

Marketing

Risk Management

Strategy

Sustainability

* Including shares held as Karta of Aditya Vikram Kumar Mangalam Birla HUF

Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.):

Managing Director of Life Insurance Corporation of

India (LIC). He has been associated with LIC for 38 years. At LIC, Mr. Kumar

has handled several significant assignments, in various capacities ranging

from being CEO of LIC Mutual Fund Asset Management Limited; Zonal

Manager of Central Zone, Bhopal; Executive Director of Estate & Office

Services, Human Resource Development and International Operations and

had additional charge of Management Development Centre, Borivali and

Vigilance Department of LIC. He has, also, served as Chief Public Information

Officer and Appellate Authority, under Right to Information, of LIC and was

also the Chief-Personnel and Chief-Customer Relationship Management at

LIC. He has been conferred with 'Most Influential Human Resource Officer in

Asia' Award by CHRO, Asia and was also awarded 'Hinditar Bhashi Samman'

by Madhya Pradesh Rashtra Bhasha Prachar Samiti, Bhopal. Mr. Kumar

is a Science Graduate and has attended various training programmes at

IIM-Ahmedabad, ISB-Hyderabad, Indian Institute of Advanced Studies-

Bangalore, National Insurance Academy - Pune, Delhi Productivity Council,

Management Development Centre - Mumbai etc. Mr. Kumar also serves on

the Board of LICHFL Asset Management Co. Limited, LIC Housing Finance

Limited and LIC (Lanka) Limited He is a Trustee of LIC Golden Jubilee

Foundation and LIC of India Provident Fund No. 1. He is also a Member of

Governing Board of National Insurance Academy. He had served on the Board

of LICHFL Care Homes Limited, LIC Mutual Fund Asset Management Company

Limited, LIC of Bangladesh Limited, Rajasthan Financial Corporation, High

Energy Batteries (India) Limited, Reliance Naval and Engineering Limited, He

was also a Member of the Governing Body of Insurance Institute of India,

Mumbai.

Category of Director

Non-executive Director

Non-independent Director

Age

60 years

Date of Appointment

12th November 2021

Term ending date

Liable to retire by rotation

Tenure ~

5 Months

Shareholding

-

Board Memberships -

Indian Listed companies

LIC Housing Finance Limited:

Nominee Director

Directorship(s)

in public companies

2

Committee position

Chairman

-

Member

-

Area of expertise

Corporate Governance, Legal & Compliance

Financial literacy

General Management

Human Resource Development

Industry knowledge

Risk Management

Strategy

Sustainability:

Managing Director of the Company is

a Business Leader and a veteran of the Aditya Birla Group (ABG), having

been part of ABG for close to four decades. During this period, he has held

different roles in Cement, Chemicals and Pulp and Fibre Businesses.

He started his career with ABG in 1982 as Management Trainee at Rajashree

Cement, a division of Indian Rayon. He subsequently worked with TANFAC

as Chief Commercial Executive before moving to Thailand as Vice-president

(Commercial), Thai Peroxide in 1987 and became its Unit Head in 1995. In

2000, he moved to Epoxy Division in Thailand as Unit Head of Thai Epoxy and

was Unit Head of Epoxy Division and Chlor Alkali Division from 2004 until 2009.

In 2009, he moved to Thai Rayon as Unit Head and President. In 2013, he

took on the role of COO, Pulp and Fibre- SEA & China and Country Head, Group

Affairs- Thailand. He returned to India in 2015 to take on the role of COO

Manufacturing with Pulp and Fibre. Mr. Agarwal is a Chartered Accountant and

has done an Executive MBA from Sasin, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok. He

is also a recipient of Chairman’s Outstanding Leader Award, 2012.

Category of Director

Executive Director,: Managing Director

Age

62 years

Date of Appointment

1st December 2021

Term ending date

30th November 2023

Tenure ~

4 months

Shareholding

44,389

Board Memberships -

Indian Listed companies

-

Directorship(s)

in public companies

-

Committee position

Managing Director of the Company.

The Agenda is circulated a week prior to the date of the

Meeting. The Board Agenda includes an Action Taken Report

comprising of actions emanating from the previous Board

Meetings and status updates thereof. The Agenda for the

Board and Committee Meetings covers items set out as

per the guidelines in Listing Regulations to the extent it

is relevant and applicable. The Agenda for the Board and

Committee Meetings includes detailed notes on the items to

be discussed at the Meeting to enable the Directors to take

an informed decision. Video/audio-conferencing facilities are

also used to facilitate Directors travelling or located at other

locations to participate in the Meetings. Prior approval from

the Board is obtained for circulating the agenda items with

shorter notice for matters that form part of the Board and

Committee Agenda and are considered to be in the nature

of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information ('UPSI').

The Company Secretary attends all the Meetings of the

Board and its Committees, in the capacity of Secretary

of the Committees. The Company Secretary advises/

assures the Board and its Committees on Compliance and

Governance principles and ensures appropriate recording of

minutes of the Meetings.

The draft minutes of each Board/ Committee meetings are

circulated to all Directors/ Members for their comments

within 15 days of the meeting. The Company Secretary,

after incorporating comments, if any, received from the

Directors/ Members, records the minutes of each Board/

Committee meeting within 30 days from conclusion of

the meeting. The important decisions taken at the Board/

Committee meetings are communicated to the concerned

departments promptly.:

Managing Director w.e.f. 30th November 2021.

4

Appointed as the: Managing Director w.e.f. 1st December 2021.

5

Appointed as Non-executive Director w.e.f. 12th November 2021.

6

Resigned as an Independent Director w.e.f. 24th 2021, due to health reasons on account of advanced age.

7

Completion of term as an Independent Director w.e.f. 6th May 2021.

Meeting of Independent Directors

A separate meeting of Independent Directors of the Company

was held on 25th March 2022, without the presence of

Non-independent Directors and the management, inter alia,

to discuss:

• Evaluation of the performance of Non-independent

Directors and the Board of Directors as a whole;

• Evaluation of the performance of the

Managing Director forms part

of this Report.

Training, Induction and Familiarisation Programme: Letter of appointment, stipulating the terms of

appointment, role, rights and responsibilities, are issued to

the Independent

Managing Director is

determined by the NRC, which is in accordance with the

remuneration policy of the Company. A fair portion of the

remuneration is linked to the Company’s performance,

thereby creating a strong alignment of interest

with members.

Executive

Directors

Salary,

Benefits,

Bonus,

Pension, etc.,

paid during

the Year

(F in lakh)

Performance-

linked

Incentive

paid during

the Year1

(F in lakh)

Service

Contract,

Notice

Period and

Severance

Fee

Stock

Option

Details,

if any

Mr. Dilip Gaur

(Managing

Director up to 30th

November 2021)

1002.20*

298.38

See

Note 2

See

Note 3

Mr. Harikrishna

Agarwal

(Managing

Director w.e.f. 1st

December 2021)

452.54*

-

See

Note 2

See

Note 3

* Includes perquisite value of stock options/RSUs exercised during the

year as under:

Executive Directors

Amount (E In lakh)

Mr. Dilip Gaur

186.57

Mr. Harikrishna Agarwal

296.90

1.

The Board has approved payment of performance-

linked variable pay for the FY 2020-21 as aforesaid to

the: Managing

Managing Director of the

Company, under ESOS-2018 and also approved vesting

of 4,35,952 Stock Options and 2,18,800 RSUs. NRC

also approved 52,847 Stock Options not be vested, due

to vesting criteria not being met in accordance with

the provisions of ESOS-2018. The ESOS-2018 is being

administered through the Grasim Employees’ Welfare

Trust (Trust).

2,06,437 equity shares were transferred from the

Trust account to the employees account on account

of exercise of Stock Options and RSUs by the grantees.

The details of Stock Options granted pursuant to ESOS-2006

and the Stock Options and RSUs granted pursuant to

ESOS-2013 and ESOS-2018, and the other disclosures

in compliance with the provisions of the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits

and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, are available on your

Company’s website at https://www.grasim.com/Upload/

PDF/esos-disclosure-aug22.pdf

A certificate from the Secretarial Auditors, with respect

to implementation of your Company’s Employees Stock

Option Schemes will be available electronically for

inspection without any fee by the members from the date

of circulation of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting

up to the date of Annual General Meeting. Members seeking

to inspect such documents can send an e-mail at grasim.

secretarial@adityabirla.com.

Directors and Officers Insurance:

In line with the requirements of Regulation 24(10) of the

Listing Regulations, the Company has in place a Directors

and Officers Insurance Policy ('D&O') for all its Directors

(including Independent Directors) and Members of the

Senior Management for such quantum and for such risks

as determined by the Board.

C.

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

Composition, Meeting and Attendance

The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee ('SRC') comprises

of 1 Non-executive Director, 1 Independent Director and

1 Executive Director. The composition of the SRC complies

with the requirements of the Listing Regulations and the Act.

During the year, 2 (Two) SRC meetings were held on

15th September 2021 and 28th March 2022.

The details of composition as on 31st March 2022 and

attendance of the members at the SRC meetings held are

as given below:

Name of the Members

Categories

No. of Meetings

Held

during

the

tenure

Attended

Ms. Anita Ramachandran,

Chairperson1

Independent

2

2

Mr. Shailendra K. Jain

Non-executive

2

2

Mr. Harikrishna Agarwal2

Executive

1

1

Mr. O. P. Rungta3

Independent

-

-

Mr. Cyril Shroff4

Independent

-

-

Mr. Dilip Gaur5

Executive

1

1

1 Appointed as the Chairperson of the Committee w.e.f. 24th May 2021.

2 Appointed as the Member of Committee w.e.f. 1st December 2021.

3 Ceased to be the Member of the Committee w.e.f. 24th May 2021.

4 Ceased to be the Member of the Committee w.e.f. 24th May 2021.

5 Ceased to be the Member of the Committee w.e.f. 30th November 2021.

During the year, the SRC was reconstituted on 24th May

2021 and 12th November 2021.:

Managing Director of the Company

3

Appointment of Mr. Raj Kumar as a Non-executive Director of the Company

VI. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

• Copies of the press release, quarterly presentations on

the Company's performance, official news release and

presentation made to Institutional Investors/Analysts

are hosted on the Company’s website at www.grasim.

com and the Group's website at www.adityabirla.com

• Quarterly Results:

Results are generally published in:

Newspaper

Cities of Publication

Business Standard

All Editions

Nai Dunia

Indore Edition

Results are displayed on the Company’s website at

https://www.grasim.com/investors/results-reports-and-

presentations and at www.adityabirla.com

• At the end of each quarter, the Company organises

earnings call with the analysts and investors and the

transcripts of the same are thereafter uploaded on the

website at https://www.grasim.com/investors/results-

reports-and-presentations

• Disclosures pursuant to various provisions of the Listing

Regulations, as applicable, are promptly communicated

to the Stock Exchanges where the securities of the

Company are listed, and are also displayed on the

Company's website at https://www.grasim.com/

investors/results-reports-and-presentations

• The Company has engaged KFin Technologies Limited

to enable Members to attend the AGM through video

conference ('VC')/other audio-visual means ('OAVM') or

view the live webcast of the AGM at https://emeetings.

kfintech.com

VII. DISCLOSURES

(i)

Details of materially significant Related Party

Transactions that may have a potential conflict

with the interest of the Company at large

During the year, no material transactions with any related

party as defined under the Act and the Listing Regulations

have been entered into, which have a potential conflict

with the interest of the Company at large. All contracts/

arrangements/ transactions entered into by your Company

with its related parties were on an arm's-length basis

and in the ordinary course of business. All related party

transactions have prior approval of the Audit Committee

and are reviewed by the Audit Committee on a quarterly

basis. Attention of the members is drawn to Note 4.6 of

the Standalone Financial Statements, forming part of this

Annual Report, which sets out the related party disclosures.

Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.):

Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer

Certification

In terms of provisions of Regulation 17(8) of the Listing

Regulations, certificate from: Managing

Managing Director is separate and the

Chairman is a Non-executive Director and not related

to: Managing

Managing Director

Date: 24th May 2022

DIN: 09288720

CEO / CFO CERTIFICATION

The Board of Directors

Grasim Industries Limited

We certify that:

A.

We have reviewed the Financial Statements and the Cash Flow Statement of Grasim Industries Limited ('the Company') for

the year ended 31st March 2022 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

(1) these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that

might be misleading; and

(2) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company's affairs and are in compliance with the existing

Accounting Standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which are

fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company's Code of Conduct.

C.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated

the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting. We have disclosed to the

Company’s Auditors and the Audit Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors, deficiencies in the design or operation of

internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps taken or proposed to be taken to rectify the deficiencies.

D.

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:

(1) significant changes in the internal control, if any, over financial reporting during the year;

(2) significant changes in accounting policies during the year, if any, and that the same have been disclosed in the Notes to

the Financial Statements; and

(3) instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the Management

or an employee having a significant role in the Company's internal control system over financial reporting.

Harikrishna Agarwal

Ashish Adukia

Place: Mumbai: Managing

Managing Director

01/12/2021

12

06627311

Mr. Raj Kumar

Non-executive Director

12/11/2021

*Date of appointment of Directors are taken as appearing on MCA Portal.

Ensuring the eligibility of every director for appointment/continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the

Management of the Company. We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the

Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For BNP & Associates

Company Secretaries

[Firm Regn. No. P2014MH037400]

Avinash Bagul

Partner

FCS No.:-5578/

COP No.:-19862

Place: Mumbai

UDIN:-F005578D000360097

Date: 24th May 2022

PR No.:- 637 / 2019:

letter signed by the sole/first joint holder along with a

cancelled copy of cheque –

• Name of the Bank with its Branch & complete Address;

• Bank Account Number (SB/ CC/ Current);

• 9 digit MICR Code (Magnetic Ink Character Recognition)

appearing on the MICR cheque issued by your bank to

you:-

− In case you are holding shares in dematerialised

form: To your Depository Participant (DP) quoting

reference of your DP ID and Client ID.

− In case you are holding shares in physical mode,

quoting reference of your Ledger Folio No. to the

RTA at the address mentioned above.

− In case you have already registered your bank details

and you wish to change the NECS/ECS mandate, then

please write to your DP for shares held in demat

form or to the RTA for shares held in physical form

by informing your revised bank details.

Kindly note that there are number of benefits of

payment of dividend vide electronic mode, viz.

− Prompt credit of dividend amount directly into your bank

account as there will be no mailing or handling delays in

receiving the physical dividend warrant;

− Avoids loss/misplacement of physical dividend warrant

in postal transit;

− It eliminates the need to deposit the physical warrant

in the bank;

− Avoids dividend warrant becoming stale/ time barred.

Shareholders may also note that the Income Tax Act, 1961

amended by the Finance Act, 2020, mandates that dividend

paid or distributed by a company on or after 1st April 2020

shall be taxable in the hands of the Shareholders. The

Company will deduct tax at source (TDS), wherever

applicable, at the applicable rates at the time of making

the payment of final dividend.

Unpaid/Unclaimed Dividend Warrants

Dividend warrants in respect of the dividend declared in

August 2021 have been dispatched to the shareholders

at the addresses registered with the Company. Those

shareholders who have not yet received the dividend

warrants may please write to the Company/RTA for further

information in this behalf. Shareholders who have not

encashed the warrants are requested to send a: letter to

the RTA for crediting the amounts through NEFT/ NECS/

RTGS directly to your bank account.

Unclaimed Shares/Dividend

Pursuant to Sections 124 and 125 of the Companies Act,

2013 read with the Investor Education and Protection

Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund)

Rules, 2016, as amended from time to time (IEPF Rules),

dividend, if not claimed for a period of 7 consecutive years

from the date of transfer to Unpaid Dividend Account of

the Company, are liable to be transferred to the Investor

Education and Protection Fund (IEPF).

Further, shares in respect of such dividends which have

not been claimed for a period of 7 consecutive years are

also liable to be transferred to IEPF. In the interest of the

shareholders, the Company sends periodical reminders to

the shareholders to claim their dividends in order to avoid

transfer of dividend/shares to IEPF. Notices in this regard

are also published in the newspapers and the details of

unclaimed dividend and shareholders whose shares are

liable to be transferred to the IEPF, are uploaded on the

Company’s website.

The Company has during the year, transferred the unclaimed

dividend to the IEPF, outstanding for 7 consecutive years,

of the Company, erstwhile Aditya Birla Nuvo Limited and

erstwhile Aditya Birla Chemicals (India) Limited (both have

amalgamated with the Company). Further, equity shares

of the Company, in respect of which dividend has not been

claimed for 7 consecutive years or more, have also been

transferred to the said IEPF.

letter) as mentioned in the form to the Nodal Officer of the Company at its

corporate office: A-2, Aditya Birla Centre, S.K. Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai –

400 030 in an envelope marked 'Claim for refund from IEPF Authority'.:

Managing Director

9.

Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/

Director responsible for decision making on sustainability

related issues? (Yes/No). If yes, provide details.

Yes,

1. Mr. N. Mohan Raj, (Chairman) Independent Director

2. Mr. V. Chandrasekaran, Independent Director

3. Dr. Thomas M. Connelly, Jr., Independent Director

4. Mr. H. K. Agarwal,: Managing

Director's report on page. no.

108 for details

Capex

7%

3%

Statutory Environmental Capex

2.

a)

Does the entity have procedures in place for

sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No)

Yes

For our viscose business, Dissolving Grade Pulp

(DGP) made from renewable resource wood is the

key raw material. All the wood is procured from the

sustainably managed forests which are certified

to globally acclaimed forestry certifications. Wood

sourcing has the highest impact on the sustainable

supply chain of the viscose industry and thus, we have

a very stringent 'Wood Sourcing Policy' that ensures

protection of ancient and endangered forests. In

addition to this, we work with global not-for-profit

Canopy which work towards forestry conservation.

Canopy conducts an audit for all the viscose producers

globally to understand their wood sourcing practices.

Our Company has been at the top of the ranking from

last 3 years. The top ranking in the environmental

report reflects our relentless effort to improve

sustainable wood sourcing practices, conservation of

forests, innovations, next generation fibre solutions

and transparency across the value chain.

Further to this, we are currently implementing a

more robust 'Supplier Assessment Programme' to

strengthening our sourcing as per the principles of

Sustainable Sourcing.

b)

If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced

sustainably?

For our VSF and textile business a significant protion

of input material i.e Pulp, flax and wool is sourced from

sustainable sources.

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.):

letter/230620219SMW6M3K.pdf

Grasim Industries -

Birla Paints Division,

Punjab

SEIAA/PB/IND/2021/EC/22 19th January 2022

Yes

Yes

https://www.grasim.com/Upload/

PDF/grasim-ec-: letter-19-1-2022.

pdf

12. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India; such as the Water (Prevention

and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment protection act and rules thereunder

(Y/N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances, in the following format:

Sr.

No.

Specify the law/ regulation/

guidelines which was not

complied with

Provide details of the

non-compliance

Any fines/ penalties/ action taken

by regulatory agencies

such as pollution control

boards or by courts

Corrective action

taken, if any

NIL

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

Managing Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 037924

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Ashish Adukia

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 24th May 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F4164

Mumbai

Dated: 24th May 2022:

Managing Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 037924

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Ashish Adukia

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 24th May 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F4164

Mumbai

Dated: 24th May 2022:

Managing Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 037924

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Ashish Adukia

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 24th May 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F4164

Mumbai

Dated: 24th May 2022:

Managing Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 037924

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Ashish Adukia

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 24th May 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F4164

Mumbai

Dated: 24th May 2022:

Letter of Credit discounted

-

25.00

Current Maturities of Long-Term Debts (Note 2.19)

1,000.43

73.08

Other Loans

Unsecured:

Commercial Papers*

-

845.45

1,086.28

1,073.98

* Maximum balance outstanding during the year

850.00

2,650.00

2.24.1

Working Capital Borrowings are secured by hypothecation of stocks and book debts of the Company. And quarterly Stock

statements filed by the company with banks or financial institutions are in agreement with the books of accounts.

2.24.2

The Company had Undrawn Facility of C 590 Crore as on 31st March 2022 and C 570 Crore as on 31st March 2021.

2.24.3

The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.

2.25 SUPPLIER`S CREDIT

C in Crore

Particulars

As at

31st March, 2022

As at

31st March, 2021

Supplier's Credit

183.40

-

183.40

-

Supplier’s Credit represents the extended interest bearing credit offered by the supplier which is secured against Usance: Letter

of Credit (LC). Under this arrangement, the supplier is eligible to receive payment from negotiating bank prior to the expiry of the

extended credit period. The interest for the extended credit period payable to the bank on maturity of the LC has been presented

under Finance Cost. Rate of interest at 5.30%

2.26 CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES - TRADE PAYABLES

(Carried at Amortised Cost, except otherwise stated)

C in Crore

Particulars

As at

31st March, 2022

As at

31st March, 2021

Total Outstanding due of Micro and Small Enterprises (refer note 4.8.1)

90.55

78.81

Due to Related Parties (Note 4.6.3)

100.93

33.05

Acceptances

1,066.90

493.80

Others

3,392.35

2,046.44

Total

4,650.73

2,652.10

Managing Director (ceased w.e.f. 30th November 2021)

Key Management Personnel

Shri Kumar Mangalam Birla - Non-Executive Director

Key Management Personnel

Shri Shailendra K Jain - Non-Executive Director

Key Management Personnel

Shri H K Agrawal-: Managing

letter of credit or security deposits.

Total Trade receivables as on 31st March 2022 is C 1,690.42 Crore (31st March 2021 is C 1,312.03 Crore)

The Company does not have higher concentration of credit risks to a single customer.

Single largest customers of the Company have exposure of 1.17% of total sales (31st March 2021: 2.44%) and in receivables 4.22%

(31st March 2021: 5.66%).

The ageing analysis of the receivables (net of provision) has been considered from the date the invoice falls due, refer note 2.11.2.

As per simplified approach, the Company makes provision of expected credit losses on trade receivables using a provision matrix

to mitigate the risk of default in payments and makes appropriate provision at each reporting date wherever outstanding is for

longer period and involves higher risk. However, total write off against receivables are C 0.22 Crore of the outstanding receivables

for the current year (Previous Year C 0.36 Crore).:

Managing Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 037924

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Ashish Adukia

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 24th May 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F4164

Mumbai

Dated: 24th May 2022:

Managing Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 037924

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Ashish Adukia

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 24th May 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F4164

Mumbai

Dated: 24th May 2022:

Managing Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 037924

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Ashish Adukia

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 24th May 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F4164

Mumbai

Dated: 24th May 2022:

Managing Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 037924

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Ashish Adukia

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 24th May 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F4164

Mumbai

Dated: 24th May 2022

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Contd.)

for the year ended 31st March 2022:

Managing Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 037924

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Ashish Adukia

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 24th May 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F4164

Mumbai

Dated: 24th May 2022:

letter of credit on its maturity will be converted

into a term loan with Axis Bank having the repayment

terms as mentioned above. The maturity of the loan is

31st March 2037.

84.13

-

Axis Bank Limited

The loan is repayable in 58 structured quarterly

instalments beginning from 31st December 2022 and

ending on 31st March 2037.

29.60

-

Kotak Bank Ltd.

Repayable in such structured quarterly instalments

beginning from 31st December 2021 not exceeding

beyond 31st March 2037.

14.43

-

Axis Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 58 quarterly instalments starting

from 31st December 2022.

8.05

-

RBL Bank Ltd.

Repayable in 76 quarterly instalments beginning March

2019.

29.56

122.37

Axis Bank Ltd.

Repayable in 58 structured quarterly instalments

beginning from 30th June 2022.

49.42

28.53

Bank of Baroda

Repayable in structured quarterly instalments as per the

loan agreements upto September 2034.

206.20

205.20

Federal Bank

The loan is repayable in 36 structured quarterly

instalments after the end of moratorium period as per

the loan agreement which shall not exceed 27th December

2029.

345.70

344.99

Standard Chartered Bank

The facility is repayable between 28th December 2022

- 08th January 2023 as the maturity date of the credit

instrument.

118.44

112.43

Standard Chartered Bank

The facility is repayable between 14th November 2022 -

05th December 2022 as the maturity date of the credit

instrument.

145.28

139.74

Yes Bank Ltd.

Refinanced the loan with Bank of Baroda for the residual

tenor by signing an assignment-cum-amendment deed

executed between the Company, Bank of Baroda and

Yes Bank. The: Letter of Credit on its maturity will be

converted into a term loan with Bank of Baroda, having

the repayment terms as mentioned above. The maturity

of various Letter of Credit discounted is between June

2020 to April 2021.

-

15.72

HDFC Bank

Repaid in October 2021.

-

2,652.44

State Bank of India

Repaid in July 2021.

-

2,000.00

HDFC Bank Ltd.

Repaid in July 2021.

-

1,803.79

Axis Bank Ltd.

Repaid in July 2021.

-

507.08

State Bank of India

Repaid in July 2021.

-

300.00

Axis Bank Ltd.

Repaid in July 2021.

-

150.00

HDFC Bank Ltd.

Repaid in July 2021.

-

131.25

ICICI Bank Ltd.

Repaid during the year.

-

86.80

Rupee Term Loan secured by exclusive

charge on certain specific PPE of

Nagda (Staple Fibre Division) or

1st pari-passu charge on movable PPE^^

Quarterly ballooning repayment over 5 years from

May 2016 to 28th May 2021, which is repaid during the

year.

-

3.51

Letter

of Credit (LC). Under this arrangement, the supplier is eligible to receive payment from negotiating bank prior to the expiry of the

extended credit period. The interest for the extended credit period payable to the bank on maturity of the LC has been presented

under Finance Cost. Rate of interest was 5.30%.

2.33 POLICYHOLDER'S LIABILITIES - CURRENT

C in Crore

Particulars

As at

31st March, 2022

As at

31st March, 2021

Insurance Contract Liabilities

1,926.01

2,252.59

Investment Contract Liabilities

8.99

11.06

Fair Value Changes of Policyholder's Investments

468.41

610.87

Incurred But Not Reported (IBNR) Provisions

108.97

114.11

Freelook Reserve (Net)

0.96

0.99

Unexpired Premium Reserve

654.40

495.60

3,167.74

3,485.22

2.34 TRADE PAYABLES - CURRENT

C in Crore

Particulars

As at

31st March, 2022

As at

31st March, 2021

Due to Related Parties (Note 4.7.2)

108.58

37.98

Total Outstanding Due to Micro and Small Enterprises #

244.28

165.25

Acceptances

1,066.90

493.80

Others

9,973.68

7,219.81

11,393.44

7,916.84

# This information has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information available with the Group.

C in Crore

Particulars

Unbilled

Expenses

(A)

Not Due

(B)

Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment

Grand

Total

(A+B+C)

Less than

1 Year

1-2 Years

2-3 Years

More than

3 Years

Total (C)

As at 31st March, 2022

Micro and Small Enterprises

0.21

200.66

40.64

0.52

0.25

0.04

41.45

242.32

Others

2,145.59

4,969.28

3,923.92

26.85

15.69

5.75

3,972.21

11,087.08

Disputed Dues – Micro and Small Enterprises

-

-

0.12

0.10

-

1.74

1.96

1.96

Disputed Dues – Others

6.05

17.73

6.24

11.46

15.36

5.24

38.30

62.08

Total

2,151.85

5,187.67

3,970.92

38.93

31.30

12.77

4,053.93 11,393.44

As at 31st March, 2021

Micro and Small Enterprises

22.09

115.68

27.14

0.08

0.01

0.03

27.26

165.03

Others

1,842.10

3,132.40

2,653.10

45.04

10.88

1.48

2,710.50

7,685.00

Disputed Dues – Micro and Small Enterprises

-

-

0.12

-

-

0.10

0.22

0.22

Disputed Dues – Others

16.64

13.08

9.65

17.89

3.11

6.22

36.87

66.59

Total

1,880.83

3,261.16

2,690.01

63.01

14.00

7.83

2,774.85

7,916.84:

Letter of Comfort Issued on behalf of clients *

1,614.92

257.96

* includes Corporate Guarantees given to National Housing Bank by the ABCL on behalf of its subsidiary Aditya Birla Housing Finance Limited

(ABHFL) of C 1,541.76 Crore, against which the amount liable by ABHFL is C 1,498.73 Crore (31st March 2021 C 225.93 Crore). As per the terms

of the Guarantee, on invocation, the Group’s liability is capped at the outstanding amount.

It includes Corporate Guarantees given by the Subsidiaries on behalf of its clients of C 115.34 Crore as at 31st March, 2022. (Previous Year

31st March, 2021 C 31.49 Crore).

4.2 CAPITAL, FINANCIAL AND OTHER COMMITMENTS

C in Crore

Particulars

Year Ended

31st March, 2022

Year Ended

31st March, 2021

4.2.1 Capital Commitments

(a)

Estimated Amount of Contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for

(Net of Advances Paid)

3,913.99

3,419.20

4.2.2 Financial and Other Commitments

(a)

Financial Commitments

Joint Ventures @

266.51

210.90

@ As per the agreement with the Joint Ventures, the Company is committed to make additional contribution

in proportion to their interest in Joint Ventures, if required. These commitments have not been recognised in

the financial statements.

(b)

(i)

Uncalled Liability on partly paid-up Investments of Insurance Business

282.43

447.61

(ii)

Uncalled Liability on partly paid-up shares of Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited

-

28.11

4.3 ACQUISITION OF WAACOX ENERGY PRIVATE LIMITED (WEPL) W.E.F. JULY 05, 2021 (IND AS 103)

Aditya Birla Renewables Limited holding 49% of total equity share capital of the WEPL has acquired additional 31,880,100 equity

shares (51% of total equity share capital) of WEPL from Sangam Renewables Limited (along with its nominee) on July 05, 2021 as

a result of which WEPL has become a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Aditya Birla Renewables Limited w.e.f. July 05, 2021.

During the current year, Aditya Birla Renewables Limited has carried out the fair valuation excercise of WEPL in accordance with

Ind AS 103 and realigned the assets and liabilities acquired on acquistion and purchase consideration in accordance with fair value

as summarised below::

Managing Director (ceased w.e.f. 30th November 2021)

Shri Kumar Mangalam Birla - Non-Executive Director

Shri Shailendra K Jain - Non-Executive Director

Shri H. K. Agrawal-: Managing

letter and other loan securing documents agrees with its customers on collateral

security to be provided by the customers in secured loan exposures that are subject to credit risk. Collateral security enables

us to recover all or part of the outstanding exposure by liquidating the collateral asset provided, in cases where the borrower

is unable or unwilling to fulfil its primary obligations.

Collateral security accepted could be in the form of:

a)

Financial collateral in the form of pledge of equity shares, units of mutual funds, assignment of life insurance policies;

b)

Current assets in the form of inventories meant for sale or receivables arising out of the sale of finished goods;

c)

Fixed asset (in the form of immovable properties – real estate, Plant and Machinery, Equipment);

d)

Third-party obligation (in the form of Irrevocable Unconditional Guarantee issued by Bank, Third party);

e)

Risk participation from Credit Guarantee Fund Trust for Micro and Small Enterprises (CGTMSE); and

f)

Assignment of borrower’s rights and interests under agreements with third parties.

In addition, we also stipulates escrow of cash flows and a Debt Service Reserve Account (DSRA) for project loans. Collateral

serves to mitigate the inherent risk of credit loss in an exposure, by either improving recoveries in the event of a default or

substituting the borrower.

As part of the assessment of a credit transaction the availability, adequacy and suitability of collateral for the transaction

is evaluated and decided upon. The processes includes verification of the title to the collateral offered and valuation by

technical experts where warranted. We accept as collateral only securities of good quality and have in place legally effective

and enforceable documentation.

For guarantee’s taken, the guarantor’s creditworthiness is assessed during the credit assessment process of the transaction.

We have collateral type specific haircuts in place which are reviewed at intervals as appropriate to the type of collateral.

The NBFC and HFC recognises that collateral can be a credit mitigant (alternative source of repayment), but does not replace

or dilute the underwriting standards the company adopts to underwrite credit exposures.:

letter of credit or security deposits.

Total trade receivables as on 31st March, 2022 is C 5,050.47 Crore (excluding C 371.89 Crore of Insurance and NBFC/HFC

Business) {31st March, 2021: C 4,114.20 Crore (excluding C 227.58 Crore of Insurance and NBFC/HFC Business).

Given the diverse nature of the Group's businesses, trade receivables are spread over a number of customers with no significant

concentration of credit risk. No single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s net sales or for any of the Group’s

primary businesses during the current year and in the previous year. Therefore, the Group does not expect any material risk

on account of non-performance by any of its counter parties.

As per simplified approach, the Group makes provision of expected credit losses on trade receivables using a provision matrix

to mitigate the risk of default in payments and makes appropriate provision at each reporting date, wherever outstanding is

for longer period and involves higher risk.

Movement of Loss Allowance:

C in Crore

Particulars

31st March 2022

31st March 2021

Provision at the beginning of the year:

222.58

242.80

Add: Provided during the Year

13.50

26.53

Less: Utilised during the Year

(10.96)

(11.76)

Less: Written Back during the Year

(26.22)

(0.03)

Less: Transferred to Liabilities Classified as Held for Sale

-

(33.00)

Effect of Foreign Conversion

2.91

(1.96)

Provision at the end of the year:

201.81

222.58:

Managing Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 037924

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Ashish Adukia

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 24th May 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F4164

Mumbai

Dated: 24th May 2022:

