letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies)

who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to narasimhan.b8@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@

nsdl.co.in. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution

/ Power of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on ”Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed

under ”e-Voting” tab in their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password.

In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?”

option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual

for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and

1800 22 44 30 or send a request to Ms. Soni Singh at evoting@nsdl.co.in

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring User id and

password and registration of email ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share

certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar

Card) by email to hilinvestors@adityabirla.com.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name,

client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self

attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to hilinvestors@adityabirla.com. If you are an Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for

e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.

3.

Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for

e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and

Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat

account in order to access e-Voting facility.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:-

1.

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

2.

Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their

vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote

through e-Voting system in the AGM.

3.

Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be eligible

to vote at the AGM.

4.

The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the day of

the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Message from the Chairman

Mr. Aditya Vikram Birla: Dear Shareholders,

For many years, we have been talking about increasing

volatility and unpredictability. The events of the last 24

months have heralded a new era of uncertainty where

both the amplitude and frequency of shifts have vastly

exceeded anything we have seen in recent decades.

The unprecedented pandemic was followed by supply

chain whiplash, and further disruption was brought on by

the Russia-Ukraine war. We are now staring at the spectre

of a high-interest rate and high-inflation regime globally.

Over the years, corporations have tried

to find a balance between efficiency and

resilience, with successive decades of

growth having swung the pendulum in

the direction of efficiency. The events of

the last two years have again taught us

all the virtues of reserves and resilience.

This era of disruption also presents a

unique opportunity for renewal. The

exigencies of this disruption have

pushed the boundaries of innovation.

A world where traditional rules

didn’t apply, freed thinking from its

conventional shackles. And we are

clearly staring at a new age, with new

paradigms and new ideas.

Global Economy:

The Storm Before the Calm?

The Global economy recovered

from the pandemic shock in 2022

on the back of supportive fiscal and

monetary policies and mass vaccination

programmes. However, at the end of

FY2021-22, the war in Ukraine and the

subsequent economic sanctions on

Russia posed a large shock. It disrupted

energy markets and supply chains

and added to the already evolving

inflationary pressures and concerns

over consumer demand. Consequently,

growth forecasts have been slashed.

The International Monetary Fund (IMF)

now expects the world economy to

grow by 3.6% in CY2021-22, which is 0.8

percentage points lower than its pre-war

projections.

Many economies have experienced

a sharp surge in inflation recently,

particularly in food and fuel prices,

taking their inflation rates to multi-

decade highs. Central banks have been

forced to respond to surging prices

with aggressive rate hikes. The pace of

monetary tightening is turning out to be

quite swift as central bankers attempt

to catch up with the rising inflation from

their ultra-accommodative stance during

the pandemic.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Message from the Chairman

The trends lend confidence to a robust

economic narrative for India in the

medium term, which augurs well for the

corporate sector as well.

Aditya Birla Group: Dynamism

and Resilience at Play

The Aditya Birla Group’s pace of

activity, range of businesses, and

depth of global presence provides a

useful compass to navigate this age

of disruption. Against the backdrop of

our long history as a Group, dynamism

leaps out as a common theme. Over

the years, we have witnessed multiple

business cycles.

Across businesses and markets, our

evolution is a story of continuous

renewal and regeneration, as we

aggressively invested in growth

and created long-term value for

all stakeholders. This institutional

dynamism and resilience helped us

navigate an unprecedented business

environment in FY2021-22.

The pandemic inordinately impacted

the future of work, workforce, and

workplace. We have moved with the

new work ethic by focusing on a holistic

employee experience that puts equal

emphasis on growth, engagement,

and wellbeing.

Our employees value and appreciate the

One ABG culture, which is profoundly

embedded across the organisation.

This culture gives the ultimate

competitive edge in a world where

business models are easily upended.

It has been a matter of great pride for

us that our employee engagement

has continued to be strong despite the

stresses of the pandemic. 87% of our

employees stated in a survey that they

have a colleague/friend at work to lean

on during difficult times. 96% of our

employees experienced considerate

behaviour from their managers during

this period.

We Are Only as Strong as Our

People

The Group’s continued focus and

investment in its People Processes in

good times have helped us build and

sustain a robust and agile workforce that

is able to be nimble and responsive at all

times. When corporates across the world

are facing a rather unusual phenomenon

- The Great Resignation - our employee

survey score for Intent to stay remained

strong. It is higher than the Global High

Performing organisations and almost

similar to pre-COVID levels. This strong

affinity is a testimony to our relentless

commitment to delivering a world of

opportunities with care to our employees.

Internal employee movements of over

5,000 (within the businesses) were up

18% from the average of the last two

fiscals. We also focussed on bringing

in young talent, with 73% of new hires

being under 35 years of age. Last year,

over 9,000 new employees joined the

Group refreshing our competence base.

Building an aspirational workplace

for a diverse workforce was identified

as one of the important aspects of

our new HR strategy. Enhancing the

diversity of our Group is a journey, and

it is getting strengthened with targeted

efforts over time. Our commitment

to gender diversity is evident through

the appointment of 7 women to senior

leadership roles. 21% of all new hires

were women, and we had 102 women

engineering graduates join us at

plant locations.

We have always looked for opportunities

to showcase the power of our women

leadership. This year, our cement

business, UltraTech launched India’s

first ‘all-women’ operated Ready-Mix

Concrete (RMC) manufacturing plant at

Bhugaon, Pune. Our list of firsts includes

Aditya Birla AMC’s all-women Mutual

Fund branch in Bhilai, Chhattisgarh and

Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail’s Madura

manufacturing plants in the South zone,

which has 85% women employees.

Our learning strategy evolved

continually to adapt in response to the

dynamic external environment. This was

achieved by re-designing innovative

learning properties and methodologies

focussing on building contemporary

and contextual skills. We shifted gears

across digital, blended, and now hybrid

learning, making it easier to shift across

modes of learning for different sets of

learners. We strategically increased the

adoption and penetration of our digital

learning platform (Gyanodaya Virtual

Campus) to cover 94% of our employees

in the management cadre. Leveraging

the power of internal and external

networks, 500+ high-quality digital

content modules were created on various

themes and topics across ABG.

The spirit of ABG’s resilience and

dynamism was displayed at an

individual, team and business level.

This has been reflected in the business

results for FY2021-22.

This year also saw the launch of new

businesses, units, capacity, products,

and brands. This happened seamlessly,

presenting a unique human story of

innovation and grit; and bringing alive

our Group values of commitment and

passion. We have together navigated

an unprecedented period of disruption

and emerged stronger and sharper—

demonstrating that care, empathy,

and results are mutually compatible.

Especially so in periods of turmoil.

Your Company’s Performance

Your Company delivered its exceptional

financial and operational performance

consolidated performance in FY2021-22,

backed by favourable macros, better

cost control and operational efficiencies.

This record performance was delivered

despite challenges like the ongoing

pandemic, a steep inflation in input

costs, volatility in commodity prices, and

global supply chain disruptions due to

the geopolitical situations.

Despite these headwinds, your Company

registered an all-time high consolidated

business EBITDA of `30,056 Crore on a

turnover of `1,95,059 Crore in FY2021-22.

Your Company's aluminium business in

India and Novelis continued to deliver

a record financial performance, despite

tough market conditions caused by

inflationary challenges and rising

input costs.

The major enablers were improved

macros, thrust on operational

efficiencies and improved performance

of India downstream business and a

strong revival of demand. All the plants

operated at their designed capacities

during the year in both Aluminium

and Copper. Hindalco's consolidated

EBITDA continued to be delinked from

the volatility of the global aluminium

prices taking together the EBITDA of

Novelis, Copper and India Aluminium

downstream VAP.

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LIMITED

Corporate Overview

Strategic Overview

Our Capitals

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Message from the Chairman

As a step towards the downstream

expansion plans in India, your Company

acquired Hydro’s aluminium extrusions

business in Kuppam, Andhra Pradesh,

aligned with its’s strategy to increase

downstream capacity to meet the

growing market demand, further expand

product portfolio and increase revenue

from value-added products. The Kuppam

plant will also serve as an archetype for

Hindalco’s upcoming state-of-the-art

extrusions plant in Silvassa in Western

India. Your Company intends to build a

larger value-added product portfolio

over the next few years.

Your Company’s Copper business,

delivered a strong performance across

all fronts amid challenges posed by

the pandemic, rise in LME, and supply

chain disruptions. In FY2021-22, your

Company acquired Polycab’s CCR unit,

Ryker (now Asoj) having a capacity of

2,25,000 MT of copper rods in Gujarat.

Post this acquisition, Birla Copper

now ranks among the world’s Top-3

copper rod players outside of China.

The cathode production was 359 kt in

FY2021-22 versus 262 kt in the prior year.

The Continuous Cast Rod production was

higher at 259 kt in FY2021-22, versus 235

kt in the previous year.

Novelis reported yet another remarkable

performance this year with a record

shipment of 3,858 kt, adjusted EBITDA

of $2.045 Billion. The adjusted EBITDA/

tonne of $530 was also the highest ever.

Novelis continues to improve its product

mix with the share of beverage can sheet

at 58%, Automotive body sheets at 17%,

Specialties at 23% and Aero at 2% in

FY2021-22. Novelis reported the share of

recycled contents at 57% in FY2021-22,

and continues to be world's largest

recycler. Your Company continues to

focus on strengthening the balance

sheet with the consolidated Net Debt-

to-EBITDA at 1.36 times at the end of the

FY2021-22 from the peak of 3.83 times at

the end of June 2020 post the closure of

the Aleris acquisition and 2.59 times at

the end of March 2021.

On the back of this strong and

exceptional performance and with a

strong balance sheet, your Company

announced a total capital expenditure

of nearly $8 Billion to be spent over

the next five years in India and Novelis

together. All these investments are

directed towards your Company’s focus

on transformational organic growth

through expansion in the downstream

businesses in Novelis and India. This

investment includes Novelis’ identified

more than $4.5 Billion worth of

potential organic opportunities to serve

the growing demand for sustainable

aluminium products. In the India

business, your Company has announced

a capex investment of around $3-3.3

Billion that shall be allocated to high-

growth downstream projects in the

growing segments of EVs, E-Mobility,

Packaging, Batteries, Building &

Construction, and Consumer Durables.

During FY2021-22, your Company

retained its position of being World's

Most Sustainable Aluminium Company

(as per S&P Dow Jones Sustainability

Indices Corporate Sustainability

Assessment 2020 & 2021) and the only

aluminium company in the DJSI World

Index 2021. In addition to this, your

Company also achieved the prestigious

Gold Class Distinction in the ‘S&P

Global Sustainability Yearbook’ of

2022. This sustainability-led approach

to business has enabled your Company

to strengthen its balance sheet and

set global benchmarks on sustainable

business practises. These affirmations

inspire your Company to continue to

walk the path of sustainability.

Conclusion

The forces of change engulfing the

world are creating a whole new set of

exciting possibilities and unbelievable

opportunities. Many that didn’t even

exist yesterday. We are uniquely

privileged that we are not passive

recipients of changing circumstances but

can actively shape our destiny. And this

tomorrow is for us to discover and build.

Across businesses, we are at the cusp

of a transformational growth cycle.

As a business house, we have always

made investment decisions based on

long-term fundamental drivers like

market opportunity, demography,

technology, etc. Our strong leadership

position across key businesses has

come on the back of bold but calibrated

long-term bets. Given the inherent

strengths of your Company, we are again

at a moment where we are uniquely

positioned to invest for long-term

growth and explore new paradigms.

An exciting journey beckons.

Kumar Mangalam Birla

Chairman

a sustainable business model with

responsible stewardship, stakeholder

engagement and future proofing as its

three pillars.

ABG has now embarked on

sustainability journey 2.0 with a

focus on mainstreaming ESG. Our

sustainability journey follows a four-

dimensional approach which considers

industry, sectoral and operational

uniqueness, geographies of operation,

value chain approach to include key

stakeholder expectations, and short-

and long-term time horizons.

Your Company retained

its position of being

World’s Most Sustainable

Aluminium Company

(as per S&P Dow Jones

Sustainability Indices

Corporate Sustainability

Assessment 2020 & 2021)

and the only aluminium

company in the DJSI

World Index 2021.

HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LIMITED

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Strategic Overview

30

Our Business Model

32

Our Strategic Priorities

34

Building Resilience

40

Stakeholder Engagement

44

Materiality Assessment

Our Capitals

46

Financial Capital

54

Manufactured Capital

68

Human Capital

92

Intellectual Capital

100 Natural Capital

130 Social and Relationship Capital

Statutory Reports

164 Management Discussion & Analysis

182 Financial Highlights

186 Directors’ Report

225 Social Report

230 Business Responsibility and

Sustainability Report

246 Corporate Governance Report

262 Shareholder Information

Financial Statements

274 Consolidated Financial Statements

443 Standalone Financial Statements

582 Independent Assurance Statement

on Integrated Report

Reporting Principle

The non-financial performance has

been reported in accordance with

the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)

2021 Standards. The report is also

aligned with Business Responsibility

and Sustainability Report (BRSR),

principles of the United Nations Global

Compact (UNGC), Sustainability

Accounting Standards Board (SASB) as

well as the United Nations Sustainable

Development Goals (UN SDGs).

The financial and statutory details

disclosed in this report are as per

the requirements of the Companies

Act, 2013 (including the rules made

thereunder); Indian Accounting

Standards; the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015; and

the Secretarial Standards issued by

the Institute of Company Secretaries

of India.

Reporting Period

The information is reported for

the period from 1st April, 2021 to

31st March, 2022.

Scope and Boundary

The report covers the financial and

non-financial parameters of Hindalco

Industries Limited. This includes our

India operations of aluminium and

copper businesses; along with our

wholly owned subsidiary, Novelis Inc.

Independent Assurance

The standalone and consolidated

financial statements contained in

the Financial Statement section are

audited by independent auditors

Price Waterhouse & Co. Chartered

Accountants LLP. The non-financial

assurance is carried out by Ernst and

Young Associates LLP. The assurance

is based on International Standard on

Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000

and AccountAbility 1000 Assurance

Standard (AA1000AS). The assurance

statement is part of this report.

We are proud to present our second Integrated Annual Report showcasing

our efforts to create global sustainability benchmarks. The report is based

on the Value Reporting Foundation’s Integrated Reporting Framework. The

Value Reporting Foundation is a global non-profit organisation comprising the

International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) and Sustainability Accounting

Standards Board (SASB).

This report covers the disclosure of our performance across six key capitals -

Financial, Manufactured, Intellectual, Natural, Human, as well as Social and

Relationship. Apart from our performance, the report highlights our value creation

efforts for our stakeholders, identifies risks, opportunities and mitigation plans in

the backdrop of a fast-changing external environment and our long-term strategy.

Forward-looking Statement

There are few statements in the report

that refer to our future operations and

performance. The forward-looking

statements and the identified risks

are necessarily based on projections

and trends in the industry and could

differ from the actual results. These

statements include all the statements

other than historical facts, performance

highlights, strategy and mitigation

plans, and objectives.

Feedback

We publish our reports annually.

The previous Integrated Annual

Report was published in July 2021,

and is available on our website.

We value your feedback, which will

continue to enable us to disclose

relevant information in the most

effective and transparent manner.

We would be happy to address any

queries or suggestions that you may

have with respect to our performance

or this report. You may write to us

at hilinvestors@adityabirla.com or

contact us on (+91-22) 6691 7000.

About the Report

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Mr. Nilesh Koul

Head – Downstream Aluminium Business

Mr. N. Nagesh

Head – Renukoot Cluster

Mr. Kailash Pandey

Head – Sambalpur Cluster

Mr. Praveen Kumar Maheshwari

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Sanjay R. Agarwal

Head – Strategic Procurement

Left to right sitting

Mr. Mazharullah Beig,

Unit Head – Utkal Alumina International Limited

Mr. Bibhu Mishra

Head – Manufacturing Centre for Excellence

Mr. Saurabh Khedekar

Head – Chemicals Business

Mr. Anil Malik

Company Secretary

Mr. Rohit Pathak

CEO, Copper Business

Mr. Aniruddha Kulkarni

Chief Strategy Officer

Mr. Anil Mathew

Head – Policy Advocacy and Chief Risk Officer

Mr. Samik Basu

Chief Human Resources Officer

16

17

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LIMITED

Corporate Overview

Strategic Overview

Our Capitals

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

AC

Audit Committee

CSRC CSR Committee

NRC Nomination and Remuneration

Committee

RMC Risk Management & ESG

Committee

SRC

Stakeholder Relationship

Committee

PIT

Prevention of Insider Trading (PIT)

Regulations Committee

FC

Finance Committee

Chairman

Member

NRC

AC

CSRC

AC

NRC

CSRC

PIT

RMC

SRC

CSRC

PIT

FC

Mr. Praveen Kumar

Maheshwari

Whole time Director & CFO

Mr. Askaran Agarwala

Non-Executive Director

RMC

SRC

CSRC

RMC

FC

Mr. Kailash Nath Bhandari

Independent Director

AC

SRC

NRC

RMC

Mr. Yazdi Piroj Dandiwala

Independent Director

Dr. Vikas Balia

Independent Director

Ms. Alka Marezban

Bharucha

Independent Director

Mr. Sudhir Mital

Independent Director

Mr. Anant Maheshwari

Independent Director

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LIMITED

Corporate Overview

Strategic Overview

Our Capitals

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Sustainability on a global scale: Dear Stakeholders,

In a globalised marketplace, the industry is

increasingly prone to extreme disruptions.

In recent times, we have already witnessed the

volatility associated with global pandemics,

climate events and war. At Hindalco, and the

Aditya Birla Group at large, the organisational

ethos is built on resilience and willingness to

take on all challenges. There is another credo

equally at play – our ability to welcome change.

To anticipate the rising of a new age, replete with

new ideas. To embrace new paradigms and the

opportunities that arise. That is the essence of

sustain-ability at Hindalco.

Through the years and despite the

buffets of market volatility, our

operational focus has consistently

been on smart and strategic growth,

shaped by the shift towards digital

technologies and driven by our

ESG commitments. Our efforts to stay

future ready has allowed us to reach

and retain the position of World’s

Most Sustainable Aluminium Company

(as per S&P Dow Jones Sustainability

Indices Corporate Sustainability

Assessment 2020 & 2021). You may be

pleased to note that we are the only

aluminium company in the DJSI World

Index 2021.

Our growth journey has taken us to

10 countries and 4 continents, making

Hindalco-Novelis one of the world’s

largest non-ferrous companies.

Novelis is the world’s largest rolling

products and recycling company in

the world. In the past year, Novelis

has announced several expansion

projects including a $365 Million

highly-advanced automotive recycling

centre in Guthrie, North America and

a $375 Million investment to expand

its rolling and recycling capabilities in

Zhenjiang, China. In India, Hindalco has

invested in extending our downstream

footprint, thus making us the largest

fully integrated aluminum player going

from alumina right to value-added and

customised products.

Resilience in Action

Hindalco delivered an exceptional

financial and operational performance

despite it being a tough year.

There were several challenges such

as the pandemic, a steep inflation in

input costs, volatility in commodity

prices, and global supply chain

disruptions. In the face of these

headwinds, Hindalco persevered and

delivered record-breaking profitability

for the year. Consolidated Net Profit

for the year grew four times to

`13,730 Crore. Consolidated EBITDA

was up 59%, at `30,056 Crore in

FY2021-22. The powerful financial

performance has further strengthened

the Company’s balance sheet. It has

significantly reduced consolidated net

leverage ratios from 2.59x in FY2020-21

down to 1.36x at the end of FY2021-22.

We achieved notable milestones across

all business segments:

Novelis

• Novelis’ capacity crossed 4 Mn MT

reinforcing our position as the

world’s largest FRP (Flat Rolled

Products) producer

• Net sales peaked to an all-time high

of $17.1 Billion

• Net income crossed the $1 Billion

mark

`13,730 CR

Net Profit

1.36x

Net leverage ratio

• Operating cash flows touched

$1 Billion This strong financial

performance has significantly

reduced net leverage ratios

from the peak of 3.8x post-Aleris

acquisition, down to 2.2x at the end

of FY2021-22

India Aluminium

All our aluminium plants achieved

record production with lowest raw

material consumption.

We successfully commissioned the

5,00,000 tonne brownfield alumina

facility at Utkal amid the pandemic,

ramping it up to rated capacity in less

than a week. With our continued focus

on operational excellence and cost

control, supported by strong macros,

Aluminium India business EBITDA

touched `13,025 Crore, a 139% growth

yoy. EBITDA margins at 41% remained

one of the highest in the industry. The

results were bolstered by an improved

performance by our downstream

business validating our strategy of

building a sustainable business model

isolated from metal cycles.

`30,056 CR

EBITDA

Our efforts to stay future ready has allowed us to reach

and retain the position of World’s Most Sustainable

Aluminium Company. You may be pleased to note

that we are the only aluminium company in the DJSI

World Index 2021.

27

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Strategic Overview

Our Capitals

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director

In FY2021-22, we completed the

acquisition of Ryker’s 2,25,000

tonne copper rod facility in Gujarat.

Birla Copper now ranks among the

world’s top-3 Copper Rod players

outside of China.

We also entered two new segments–

i) Cu-Mg Alloy rods for railways, and

ii) Inner Groove Tubes for ACs, where

we successfully qualified under the

PLI scheme to manufacture these

in India. With Copper being a key

metal in India’s accelerating journey

towards Electrification, Urbanisation,

Renewables and E-Mobility, Birla

Copper is on the cusp of a strong

growth trajectory.

Specialty Alumina

The Specialty Alumina business

recorded impressive growth in the

face of multiple pressures. Specialty

Alumina is a very versatile product with

applications across various industries

like ceramics, wires and cables,

electrical, electronics, refractories

(for steel, cement and glass) as well

as niche applications like water

treatment, solid surfaces, medical and

petrochemicals.

In FY2021-22, the business diversified

its product offering with multiple new

high-tech products for value-added

applications in the wire and cables,

refractories and abrasives segments.

The industry is growing at about 5%

globally, and domestically, between

10% to 18% with elevated growth on the

higher-end of VAP range. We believe

we are well-poised to capitalise on

the opportunity with our cutting-edge

value-added product range.

Seeding New Growth

The sound financial performance

and strong balance sheet positions

Hindalco well to embark on a new wave

of growth. We have announced a total

capital expenditure of about $8 Billion

over the next five years. Our focus is

on driving transformational organic

growth by expanding the downstream

business in Novelis, and India. Novelis

has identified potential investment

opportunities of more than $4.5 Billion

to serve the increasing demand for

sustainable aluminium products. In the

India Business, we have announced

a capex of nearly $ 3 Billion. 70%

of our consolidated cash flows will

be allocated towards high-growth

downstream segments - EVs,

Mobility, Packaging, Batteries, B&C,

Consumer durables.

The Greener, Stronger,

Smarter Way

We have taken bold bets to achieve

our targets of carbon neutrality, water

positivity, no net loss on biodiversity

and zero waste to landfill by 2050.

We have progressed on all fronts:

i.

We have reduced specific

freshwater consumption by 9%

and 27% in India Aluminium and

289

learning programmes benefiting

60% of technical role holders

41%

Of women in

GET hires in 2022

1.26 MN

lives touched through our

CSR activities across India

Copper businesses respectively,

over the FY2018-19 baseline.

This is towards our target of 20%

reduction by 2025.

ii.

We have met our current targets

of 100 MW renewable capacity,

and going ahead, we intend to

achieve a renewable capacity of

300 MW by FY2024-25, including

100 MW solar power capacity

with hybrid storage.

iii.

Zero waste to landfill is being

pursued by all units through

external collaborations.

Our waste recycling is at 86%

this year, up 6 percentage points.

We achieved 114% ash utilisation,

and near 100% utilisation of red

mud at three of our refineries.

iv.

Our goal for No Net Loss on

Biodiversity at sites by 2050

is being roadmapped by our

partnership with IUCN. We have

been implementing biodiversity

management plans at five of our

sites this year and are adding

nine more. The cumulative green

belt in FY2021-22 has grown by

10% over the previous year.

v.

We are leading the nation in

Sustainable Mining through

our engagement with Xynteo.

The seven thematic areas

and related KPIs is a unique

framework which holds the key

to sustainable mining.

Many of our efforts and practices

have been recognised globally, but

we are not resting on our laurels. ESG

is a serious commitment to the future.

People come First

We respect and uphold the human

rights of all stakeholders. Employees

are one of our strongest pillars.

Many of our people initiatives have

borne fruit. Gender diversity is a key

focus area for us and we have pushed

for greater diversity hiring at the

entry level. Consequently, hiring of

women GETs has gone up from 18%

in 2018 to 41% in 2022.

Another noteworthy initiative is

the Hindalco Technical University

– an online open learning platform

that offers world-class learning

programmes to our engineers,

supervisors and workers on the

shopfloor. During the pandemic,

HTU delivered 289 learning

programmes, benefitting over

60% of technical role holders.

Our initiatives for various segments

of the workforce make for a great

employee experience. Our efforts

were recognised with the Great Place

to Work Certification by Great Place

to Work® Institute (India).

Despite our many successes, sadly,

two fatalities were recorded last

year. On the positive side, Hindalco

has surpassed all its previous

safety performances. This can be

attributed to the implementation

of the ‘Serious Injuries and Fatality

(SIF) prevention programme’, a

new and unique initiative in Indian

manufacturing which standardises

contractor safety management

processes across Hindalco.

Guided by the Aditya Birla Group’s

social vision, Hindalco has been

engaged in meaningful welfare

driven activities to uplift the lives

of underprivileged communities.

Our CSR initiatives have touched

over 1.26 Million lives across India.

Our community expenditure for

FY2022 stands at `55 Crore.

During the waves of COVID, we made

considerable efforts to protect

employees across ranks as well as

our communities. We increased and

improved medical infrastructure at

our plant hospitals and healthcare

centres, set up oxygen lines in

remote locations, and broadened

medical coverage to include contract

workers, 3rd party employees and

their families. As an organisation,

we stood strong with our people. I am

especially proud of the care shown by

our employees to support each other

and our communities.

Anticipating the Future

Our successes as well as the learnings

from our failures inspire us to raise

the bar every single time. We believe

high performance organisations are by

nature sustainability-focused and future

ready. Hindalco’s achievements are due

to the collaborative teamwork of our

employees and I take this opportunity

to thank everyone for their efforts which

resulted in the Company’s pathbreaking

performance in FY2021-22. I also thank

all our stakeholders for your unflagging

trust and support. I am pleased to

share with you the Integrated Report

for FY2021-22 and look forward to your

sustained trust in us.

Satish Pai: Managing

Managing Director’s goals are

defined by the Company’s 3C + 2S

principle. Customer centricity and

product development is a focus area

with dedicated objectives on sales and

customer satisfaction. The cash and

cost goals focus on profitability, cash

flows, production and cost optimisation.

The sustainability goals cover Hindalco’s

performance in air, water, waste,

biodiversity, climate management

and overall ESG performance. System

and process goals cover digitalisation,

HR planning and driving culture.

Performance evaluation is linked to the

achievement of these goals. ESOPs are

allocated based on performance, and

vesting depends on the performance of

the business in the preceding year.

We also have a focussed learning

intervention for people managers on

managing biases. Apart from individual

performances, we also encourage

our employees to participate in team-

building exercises and collective thinking

to tackle professional challenges. All our

employees receive regular performance

and career development reviews.

Hiring of young

talent

Learning and

Development

Gender Diversity

Focus on building

technical/specialist

capability

Increased people

movements

3C

2S

CUSTOMER

CASH

COST

SAFETY &

SUSTAINABILITY

Human Capital

Learning and Development

We believe in holistic development

of our employees and want them to

excel in technical skills, behavioural

competencies as well as functional

capabilities. Our learning and

development efforts include internal

and external trainings, focussed

group trainings, e-learnings, coaching,

mentoring, on-the-job training (OJT),

workshops and seminars. Each

employee is guided by their manager

to develop their skill roadmap through

My Development Plan (MDP) on ABG’s

central HR platform, Poornata.

Capability Development for

Future Leaders

In order to nurture future leaders

through specialist technical career paths,

in the reporting year, we identified 42

employees to develop special skills and

expertise and sent them to United Arab

Emirates for a year for training. Plans are

afoot to deploy 25 employees to Novelis

for a three-year period to acquire skills

related to downstream business.

We have designed leadership

programmes for our future leaders i.e.,

managerial employees to build the right

competencies at every career stage.

Our top talent is encouraged to undergo

these leadership programmes.

Some of the key development

programmes are:

• Ascend Sales Academy - This

three-month programmes focusses

on building interpersonal skills and

creating business effectiveness for

sales and marketing employees.

• XSEED (Excellence in Skill

Enhancement and Employee

Development) - A leadership

programme for our junior managers

on team development, goal setting,

building agility and resilience.

• FLY (Future Leaders in You)

This programme focusses on self-

development of junior managers

and leading a team in a digital

environment.

• FFFD (Fit for Future by Design)-

This 15-month programme is about

discovering self, developing business

acumen necessary for transition in

career from a specified function or

operational path.

• Copper Leadership Series - This

programme is targeted towards

middle managers to deliver

superior performance and be result

oriented in their current roles, take

accountability and drive initiatives on

their own to enhance performance.

The above-mentioned trainings

helped groom our future leaders and

enabled them to build capabilities for

better teamwork, time management,

risk taking and communication.

Training for our Board of

Directors (BODs)

We follow structured orientation

and a training programme known as

‘Familiarisation Programme’ for the

Independent Directors to understand

the business and operations of Hindalco.

We welcome a new Director to the

Board of Directors by sharing various

documents like introduction of Hindalco,

profile of BODs and senior management,

code of conduct, latest annual and

sustainability reports, etc. This reporting

year, the Familiarisation Programme

was attended by six of our Independent

Directors for a consolidated training time

of 30 hours.

The details of programmes identified by

HR and attended by our employees is

tracked by our Cornerstone on Demand

(CSOD) platform.

Training Needs Identification (TNI)

after interacting with employees

and leadership

70:20:10 Principle for on-the-job

training, other trainings

and classroom learning

Goal setting process for each

employee by feeding data into

My Development Plan (MDP)

Training plan is prepared by Unit

HR and L&D team accordingly

Approach for Identifying New

Training Programmes

Our human resources team is responsible

for supporting training and development

activities for management and non-

management level employees.

Employees of Birla

Copper’s Asoj plant

77

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LIMITED

76

Corporate Overview

Strategic Overview

Our Capitals

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter and spirit.

Safety risk assessment

We have comprehensive standards for

Safety and Occupational Health Hazard

identification and Risk assessment

and Management. In FY2021-22,

a comprehensive review of risk

assessment using Job safety analysis

(JSA) was undertaken. JSA is a structured

technique which reviews all the activities

identified by the respective departments

of all units. We have mandated ‘no

work without risk- assessment’ and all

work-related activities are reviewed

before commencement. All our plants

are assessed and audited by third party

entities or statutory authorities.

We have Hazard Identification and

Risk Assessment (HIRA) subject matter

experts at each Hindalco unit, who are

deployed after receiving a five-day

comprehensive training followed by a

89

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LIMITED

88

Corporate Overview

Strategic Overview

Our Capitals

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

ensuring implementation and monitoring of sustainability

initiatives across the organisation. We have task forces and

ESG SPOCs from all functions working together to bring about

positive change in the organisation. The task forces are made

for ensuring ground level implementation of environment

initiatives. There are Risk Champions to assess potential risks

including those related to ESG. The ESG SPOCs in corporate

functions take up projects to further the cause of ESG

implementation in the organisation.

We have developed a roadmap to attain net carbon neutrality

by 2050. We have already put up 100 MW of renewable

energy capacity and we plan to scale it up to 300 MW by

2025. These efforts are being reinforced by various energy

efficiency projects and pilot demonstrations of technologies

in the pipeline. We are boosting freshwater conservation by

augmenting the use of water from other sources like treated

water and rainwater. We are aiming for overall water positivity

by 2050, with a sub-target of making our downstream and

mining operations water positive by 2025. Our efforts on

circularity include extracting value out of waste generated and

increasing material recycling.

We aim to be zero waste to landfill by 2030, ensuing that waste

is being put to good instead of ending up in the landfill. Our

work in protecting biodiversity, which was initiated alongside

IUCN, has led to the development of BMPs for critical sites.

These are now under implementation and will help us attain

our target of no net loss by 2050. Our Sustainable Mining

Charter and KPIs for implementing the charter under seven

thematic areas is another key step to make our mining vertical

more sustainable. Our subsidiary Novelis is the largest

aluminium recycler in the world.

3.10 Consolidated Cashflow:

Cash generated from operations for Hindalco Consolidated stands at `16,838 Crore in FY2021-22 versus `17,232 Crore in FY2020-21.

The table below shows the comparative movement of Cash flows:

(` Crore)

Particulars

Consolidated

Year ended

31-03-2022

31-03-2021

A.

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Operating Cashflow before working capital changes

29,726

17,648

Changes in working capital

(9,132)

1,520

Cash generated from operations before Tax

20,594

19,168

(Payment)/Refund of Direct Taxes

(3,773)

(1,256)

Net Cash generated/(used) -Operating Activities - Continuing Operations

16,821

17,912

Net Cash Generated/(Used) - Operating Activities - Discontinued Operations

17

(680)

Net Cash Generated/(Used) - Operating Activities (a)

16,838

17,232

B.

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES

Net Capital Expenditure

(5,355)

(5,517)

Disposal of Investments in Subsidiaries (Net)

66

-

(Purchase)/Sale of Other instruments (Net)

4,226

(2,775)

Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired

(412)

(19,524)

Investment in equity accounted investees

(1)

-

Loans & Deposits (given)/received back (Net)

(6,209)

(261)

Interest and dividends received

239

228

Purchase/Sale of Investment in Equity Shares at FVTOCI (Net)

363

(43)

Lease payments received from finance lease

9

10

Net Cash Generated/(Used) - Investing Activities - Continuing Operations

(7,074)

(27,882)

Net Cash Generated/(Used) - Investing Activities - Discontinued Operations

-

2,245

Net Cash Generated/(Used) - Investing Activities (b)

(7,074)

(25,637)

C.

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Equity Raised/Debentures Redeemed

3

-

Treasury shares acquired & Proceeds from Shares Issued by ESOP Trust

(79)

2

Net Debt inflows/Outflows

(2,772)

(968)

Interest & Finance Charges paid

(3,250)

(3,678)

Dividend Paid (including Dividend Distribution Tax)

(667)

(222)

Net Cash generated/(Used) - Financing Activities - Continuing Operations

(6,765)

(4,866)

Net Cash Generated/(Used) - Financing Activities - Discontinued Operations

-

(16)

Net Cash Generated/(Used) - Financing Activities (c)

(6,765)

(4,882)

Net Increase/(decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents (a)+(b)+(c)

2,999

(13,287)

Management Discussion & Analysis

179

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LIMITED

178

Corporate Overview

Strategic Overview

Our Capitals

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors have pleasure in presenting the 63rd Annual Report and the audited standalone and consolidated financial

statements of your company for the year ended 31st March, 2022.

Financial Highlights

` in Crore

Consolidated

Standalone

2021-22

2020-21

2021-22

2020-21

Revenue from Operations

1,95,059

1,32,008

67,653

42,701

Other Income

1,136

1,199

535

650

Profit Before Interest, Tax and Depreciation

(PBITDA)

29,638

18,896

11,828

4,884

Depreciation and Amortisation

6,729

6,628

1,752

1,708

Impairment Loss/(Reversal) of Non Current Assets

(Net)

155

138

95

140

Finance Costs

3,768

3,738

1,417

1,469

Profit before Exceptional Items and Tax Share in Profit

/ (Loss) in Equity Accounted Investments

18,986

8,392

8,564

1,567

Share of Equity Accounted Investments

6

5

-

-

Profit before Exceptional Items and Tax

18,992

8,397

8,564

1,567

Exceptional Items

582

(492)

(107)

7

Profit before Tax

19,574

7,905

8,457

1,574

Tax Expenses

5,373

2,723

2,950

581

Profit/ (Loss) for the year from Continuing

Operations

14,201

5,182

-

-

Profit/ (Loss) for the Year from Discontinued

Operations

(464)

(2,066)

-

-

Tax Expense/ (Benefit) of Discontinued Operations

7

(367)

-

-

Profit/ (Loss) for the year from

DiscontinuedOperations

(471)

(1,699)

-

-

Profit/ (Loss) for the year

13,730

3,483

5,507

993

Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss)

(1,148)

4,784

(397)

3,780

Total Comprehensive Income

12,582

8,267

5,110

4,773

Basic EPS - Continuing Operations (`)

63.85

23.30

-

-

Basic EPS - Discontinued Operations (`)

(2.12)

(7.64)

-

-

Basic EPS (`)

61.73

15.66

24.76

4.46

Dividend:

For the year ended 31st March, 2022, the Board of Directors of your Company has recommended dividend of ` 4.00 per share

(Previous year ` 3.00 per share) to equity shareholders.

Equity shares that may be allotted upon exercise of Options granted under the Employee Stock Option Scheme and out of the

Share Capital Suspense before the Book Closure for payment of dividend will rank paripassu with the existing shares and shall

also be entitled to receive the aforesaid dividend.

In terms of provisions of Regulation 43A of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, herein after referred to as “ Listing Regulations” your Company has formulated a Dividend

Distribution Policy. The Policy is given in Annexure I to the Annual Report and is also accessible from your Company’s Website

www.hindalco.com.

Overview and State of the Company’s Affairs:

The Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2022 have been prepared in

accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards (IND AS) as notified by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.

Standalone full year highlights

Your Company registered a revenue of ` 67,653 crores for the fiscal year 2022 vs ` 42,701 crores in the previous year up 58%

on account of higher global prices of aluminium and copper in FY22 versus EBIDTA of ` 4,884 crores in FY21. EBITDA (Earnings

before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation) stood at ` 11,828 crores, up 142% compared to the last year, on account of

higher profitability in Aluminium business supported by improved macros, higher volumes, and cost optimization. Depreciation

was up 3% at ` 1,752 crore in FY22 versus ` 1,708 crores in FY21. The Finance Cost was lower on Year by 4% at ` 1,417 crores

in FY22 versus ` 1,469 crores in FY21. This reduction in finance cost was mainly due to overall reduction in the average cost of

long-term loans on account of re-financing. The Profit before Tax (and Before Exceptional Items) stood at ` 8,564 crore, up by

447% compared to the previous year due to higher EBITDA. Net Profit for FY22 stood at ` 5,507 crores as compared to ` 993

crore up 455% Year on Year compared to the previous year.

Consolidated Full Year Highlights

Hindalco’s Consolidated Revenue stood at ` 1,95,059 crore for FY22 compared to ` 1,32,008 crore in the previous year up 48%

on account of higher global prices of aluminium and copper in FY22 versus FY21. The Company recorded consolidated EBITDA

(Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation) of ` 29,638 crore, up by 57% due to favorable macros, strategic

product mix and an improved performance by the downstream business in FY22 versus FY21. Consolidated Profit before Tax (and

Before Exceptional Items) was ` 18,992 crore in FY22, up by 126% compared to the previous year on account of higher EBITDA.

Net Profit after Tax in FY22, stood at ` 13,730 crores compared to ` 3,483 crores in the previous year up 294% Year on Year on

account of exceptional performance by India Business in FY22. For detailed analysis, refer to the Management Discussion and

Analysis section of the Integrated Annual Report.

Highlights of the Company’s Subsidiaries:

1.

Utkal Alumina International Limited

Utkal Alumina revenues were ` 4,594 crore in FY22 compared to ` 2,787 crore in FY21 up by 65% because of higher transfer

pricing compared to last year on account of higher average global alumina prices in FY22 versus FY21. The EBITDA for FY22

stood at ` 2,215 crore higher by 62% compared to ` 1,371 crore in FY21. The Profit after Tax in FY22 was ` 1,099 crore versus

` 605 crore in FY21 up by 82% Year on Year on account of higher EBITDA in FY22. (Refer to the table below for comparison in

FY22 versus FY21 key financial number).

Particulars (` in Crore)

FY22

FY21

% Change

Revenue

4,594

2,787

65%

EBITDA

2,215

1,371

62%

PAT

1,099

605

82%

Directors’ Report

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Mr. Praveen Kumar Maheshwari: Chief

Financial Officer and Whole-Time Director are the permanent

invitees. Further details relating to the Audit Committee are

provided in the Corporate Governance Report forming part of

the Integrated Annual Report.

Key Managerial Personnel:

In terms of provisions of Section 203 of the Companies Act,

2013, Mr. Satish Pai:: Managing Director, Mr. Praveen Kumar

Maheshwari : Chief Financial Officer and Whole Time Director

and Mr. Anil Malik: Company Secretary are the Key Managerial

Personnel of your Company.

Vigil Mechanism:

Your Company has in place a vigil mechanism for directors

and employees to report concerns about unethical behaviour,

actual or suspected fraud or violation of your Company’s

Code of Conduct. Adequate safeguards are provided against

victimisation to those who avail of the mechanism and direct

access to the

Managing Director. Dr. Pragnya Ram, Group Executive

President, Corporate Communication & CSR is a permanent

invitee to the Committee.

Your Company also has in place a CSR Policy and the same

is available on your Company’s website viz. www.hindalco.

com. The Committee recommends to the Board activities to

be undertaken during the year.

Your Company is a caring corporate citizen and lays significant

emphasis on development of the communities around which

it operates. Your Company has identified several projects

relating to Social Empowerment & Welfare, Infrastructure

Development, Sustainable Livelihood, Health Care and

Education during the year and initiated various activities in

neighbouring villages around plant locations. During the

financial Year 2021-22 the Company has spent ` 38 Crores

under Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 on CSR activities

, which is more than 2% of average net profits of the Company

for immediately preceeding three financial years.

The Annual Report on CSR activities is attached as Annexure

VI to the full Annual Report.

Risk Management

Pursuant to the requirement of Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing and Disclosures Requirement) Regulations,

2015, the Company has constituted Risk Management

Committee, which is mandated to review the risk management

plan/process of your company.

Risk evaluation and management is an ongoing process

within the Organization. Your Company has comprehensive

risk management policy which is periodically reviewed by the

Risk Management Committee.

Contracts and Arrangements with Related

Parties

During the financial year, your Company entered into related

party transactions which were on arm’s length basis and in the

ordinary course of business. There are no material transactions

with any related party as defined under Section 188 of the

Act read with Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers)

Rules, 2014 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures

Requirement) Regulations, 2015. The related party transactions

have been approved by the Audit Committee and Board of

your Company, as required under the Companies Act 2013

and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement)

Regulations, 2015 .

The policy on Related Party Transactions as approved by the

Audit Committee and the Board is available on your Company’s

website viz. www.hindalco.com.

Extract of Annual Return:

In terms of the provisions of Section 92 (3) of the Companies

Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with the Companies (Management and

Administration) Rules, 2014, an extract of the Annual Return of

your Company for the financial year ended 31st March 2022 is

available at www.hindalco.com .

Business Responsibility Report:

As per Listing Regulations, a separate section of Business

Responsibility Report forms part of Integrated Annual Report.

Internal Control System and Their Adequacy:

Your Company has an Internal Control System, commensurate

with the size, scale and complexity of its operations. The scope

and authority of the Internal Audit (IA) function is defined by

the Audit Committee.

The Internal Audit Department monitors and evaluates the

efficacy and adequacy of internal control system in the

Company, its compliance with operating systems, accounting

procedures and policies at all locations of the Company.

Based on the report of internal auditors, the process owners

undertake corrective action in their respective areas and

thereby strengthen the controls. Significant audit observations

and corrective actions thereon are presented to the Audit

Committee of the Board.

Internal Financial Control

Your directors confirm having laid down internal financial

controls and that such internal financial controls are adequate

and were operating effectively

Subsidiary, Joint Ventures or Associate Companies:

The financial statements of your Company’s subsidiaries and

related information have been placed on the website of your

Company viz. www.hindalco.com

In accordance with the provisions of the section 129 (3) of

the Act, read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, a

report on the performance and financial position of each of

the subsidiaries, associates and Joint Venture is attached as

Annexure VII to this Report.

The names of Companies which have become or ceased to be

subsidiaries, Joint Ventures and associates are also provided

in the aforesaid statement.

Other Disclosures:

•

There were no material changes and commitments

affecting the financial position of your Company between

end of financial year and the date of report.

•

Your Company has not issued any shares with differential

voting.

•

There was no revision in the financial statements.

•

Your Company has not issued any sweat equity shares.

•

Mr. Satish Pai is a director on the Board of Novelis Inc,

wholly owned subsidiary. He is in receipt of annual fee

of US$ 1,50,000 in the calendar year 2022. Mr. Praveen

Kumar Maheshwari: Whole Time Director and Chief

Financial Officer has not received any commission/

Remuneration from your Company’s subsidiaries.

•

There is no change in the nature of business.

•

During the year under review, your Company has not

accepted any fixed deposits from the public falling under

Section 73 of the Act read with the Companies (Acceptance

of Deposits) Rules, 2014. Thus, as on March 31, 2022, there

were no deposits which were unpaid or unclaimed and

due for repayment.

•

There are no significant and material orders passed by

the regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going

concern status and company’s operations in future.

•

There were no frauds reported by the Auditors u/s 143(12)

of the Companies Act, 2013.

•

As per the requirement of the Sexual Harassment of

Women at the Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition

and Redressal) Act, 2013, your Company has complied

with provisions relating to the constitution of Internal

Complaint Committee under POSH.

•

Directors of your Company hereby state and confirm

that the Company has complied with all the applicable

Secretarial Standards.

Appreciation

Your Directors place on record their sincere appreciation for the

assistance and guidance provided by the Honorable Ministers,

Secretaries and other officials of the Ministry of Mines,

Ministry of Coal, the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers and

various State Governments. Your Directors thank the Financial

Institutions and Banks associated with your Company for their

support as well.

Your Company’s employees are instrumental in your Company

scaling new heights, year after year. Their commitment and

contribution is deeply acknowledged.

Your involvement as Shareholders is greatly valued. Your

Directors look forward to your continuing support.

For and on behalf of the Board

Satish Pai

K.N. Bhandari: Managing

Managing Director of the Company. The present value of the above pension liability determined

based on the actuarial valuation is accounted by the Company in its financial statements. Amount charged as expenses

in the statement of profit and loss during the year amounting to ` 3 crores has been disclosed as a part of managerial

remuneration.

*** Mr. D. Bhattacharya ( DIN: 00033553) has resigned as Director w.e.f 02nd March, 2022.

i

The median remuneration of employees of the Company during the financial year was ` 6.57 Lacs

ii

In the financial year, there was an increase of 2.50% in the median remuneration of employees

iii

There were 21,151 permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on 31st March, 2022

iv

Average percentage increase made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last

financial year i.e. 2021-22 was 2.5 % whereas the increase in the managerial remuneration for the same financial year

was 86.21%. For the purpose of managerial personnel,: Managing

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part

of this report.

To,

The Members,

Hindalco Industries Limited

Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along with

this: letter.

1.

The compliance of provisions of all laws, rules, regulations,

standards applicable to Hindalco Industries Limited (the

‘Company’) is the responsibility of the management of the

Company. Our examination was limited to the verification

of records and procedures on test check basis for the

purpose of issue of the Secretarial Audit Report.

2.

Maintenance of secretarial and other records of

applicable laws is the responsibility of the management

of the Company. Our responsibility is to issue Secretarial

Audit Report, based on the audit of the relevant records

maintained and furnished to us by the Company, along

with explanations where so required.

3.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial and

other legal records, legal compliance mechanism and

corporate conduct. The verification was done on test

check basis to ensure that correct facts as reflected in

secretarial and other records produced to us. We believe

Annexure A

that the processes and practices we followed, provides a

reasonable basis for our opinion for the purpose of issue

of the Secretarial Audit Report.

4.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

5.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and major events during the audit period.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For BNP & Associates

Company Secretaries

[Firm Regn. No. P2014MH037400]

PR. No: 637/2019

B. Narasimhan

FCS : 1303

Place: Mumbai

ACS : 10440

Date: 26th May 2022

UDIN: F001303D000363522

Annexure VA

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter of even date annexed to this report as Annexure-A.

1.

Compliance with specific statutory provisions

We further report that:

1.1

We have examined the books, papers, minutes books,

forms and returns filed and other records maintained by

the Company during the year in terms of the applicable

provisions / clauses of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules made

thereunder;

(ii)

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and

Bye-laws framed thereunder;

(iii) Secretarial Standards (SS-1 and SS-2) issued by the

Institute of Company Secretaries of India respectively

relating to meetings of the Board and its Committees

and general meetings of the Company which have

mandatory application to the Company.

(iv) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and

the Rules made thereunder

(v)

Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA), 1999 and

the Rules and Regulations made thereunder to the

extent of Overseas Direct Investments and External

Commercial Borrowings

1.2 During the period under review, the Company has, to

the best of our knowledge and belief and based on the

records, information, explanations and representations

furnished to us:

(i)

Complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules,

Regulations, Guidelines and Secretarial Standards

as mentioned above.

(ii)

Generally complied with the applicable provisions /

clauses of:

(a)

The Act and Rules mentioned under paragraph

1.1 (i) and

(b) The Secretarial Standard on meetings of

the Board of Directors (SS-1) and Secretarial

Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) mentioned

under paragraph 1.1 (vi) above to which are

applicable to meetings of Board of Directors

and Committees constituted by the Board held

during the year, the 28th Annual General Meeting

of the members held 30th November 2021 The

compliance of the provisions of the Rules made

under the Act with regard to participation of

Directors through video conference for the

Board/Committee meeting(s) held during the

year, were verified based on the minutes of the

meetings provided by the Company.

1.3 There are no other laws that were specifically applicable to

the Company during the period under review, considering

the nature of its business.

During the period under review, provisions of the following

Regulations were not applicable to the Company:

(a)

SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011;

(b) SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2018;

(c)

SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)

Regulations, 2021;

(d) SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009;

(e)

SEBI (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018;

(f)

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations,2015

(g) SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

(h)

SEBI (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)

Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and

dealing with client; and

(i)

The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the

Rules and Regulations made thereunder.

2.

Board Process

We further report that -

The Board of Directors of the Company as on 31st March

2022, comprised of:

(i)

Six Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors that

are Mr Praveen Kumar Maheshwari, Mr. Indrajit

Pathak, Ms Pragnya Ram, Mr Surya Kanta Mishra,

Mr Anil Vasant Arya, Mr Rajesh Kumar

Gupta

2.2 The processes relating to the following changes in the

composition of the Board of Directors and Key Managerial

Personnel during the year were carried out in compliance

with the provisions of the Act:

(i)

Re-appointment of Ms. Pragnya Ram as a Director

(DIN: 02544268) who retired by rotation at 28th

Annual General Meeting held on 30th November

2021.

2.3 Adequate notices have been given to all the directors of

the Company to enable them to plan their schedules for

the Board meeting(s), except in respect of a few meetings

which were convened at a shorter notice for which

necessary consent was received, which were compliant

with the provisions of the Act as prescribed.

2.4 Notice for the Board meetings has been given to all the

directors at least seven days in advance except in respect

of a for the few meetings convened at a shorter notice, at

which more than one Independent Director was present

as required under Section 173 (3) of the Act and SS-1.

2.5 Agenda and detailed notes on agenda circulated to all the

directors at least seven days before the Board meetings,

except for few meetings which were convened at a shorter

notice.

2.6 A system exists for directors to seek and obtain further

information and clarifications on the agenda items before

the meetings and to ensure their meaningful participation

at the meetings.

2.7 We note from the minutes examined that, at the Board

meetings held during the year:

(i)

Decisions were taken through the majority of the

Board; and

(ii)

No dissenting views were expressed by any Board

member on any of the subject matters discussed,

which were required to be recorded as part of the

minutes.

3.

Compliance Mechanism

We further report that there are reasonably adequate

systems and processes in the Company, commensurate

with its size and operations, to monitor and ensure

compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and

guidelines.

4.

Specific events / actions

We further report that during the audit period under

review, as explained and represented by the management,

there were no specific events/actions in pursuance of

the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines,

standards etc., which have a major bearing on the

Company’s affairs except for the following:

•

Pursuant to an agreement between the Company

and Orissa Mining Corporation Limited (‘OMCL’), the

Company has agreed to issue 15% Fully Convertible

Cumulative Preference Shares amounting to Rs.

20 crores with face value of ` 10 each, at par in

consideration for transfer of license, mining leases

and all rights thereto, rendering of related technical

services etc. by OMCL. The Company has decided

to issue Unsecured, Redeemable Non-Convertible

Debentures in lieu of the Preference shares to OMCL.

In terms of Debenture Subscription Agreement

entered into between the Company and OMCL, the

Board of Directors of the Company has passed a

resolution at its meeting held on September 21st, 2021

approving the issuance of one zero coupon Unsecured

Redeemable Non- Convertible Debentures of ` 3

Crores in favour of the Odisha Mining Corporation

Limited and subsequently, the Company has allotted

the One Zero Coupon Unsecured Redeemable Non-

Convertible Debentures of ` 3 Crores, in favour of the

Odisha Mining Corporation Limited, on September

21st, 2021.

Navneet Bathla

Associate Partner

ACS:43605 /CP No. 20939

UDIN: A043605D000335028

For BNP & Associates

Company Secretaries

Place: Mumbai

[Firm Regn. No. P2014MH037400]

Date: 17th May,2022

PR No. 637/2019

Annexure VB

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter.

1.

The compliance of provisions of all laws, rules, regulations,

standards applicable to Utkal Alumina International

Limited (the ‘Company’) is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. Our examination was

limited to the verification of records and procedures on

test check basis for the purpose of issue of the Secretarial

Audit Report.

2.

Maintenance of secretarial and other records of

applicable laws is the responsibility of the management

of the Company. Our responsibility is to issue Secretarial

Audit Report, based on the audit of the relevant records

maintained and furnished to us by the Company, along

with explanations where so required.

3.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial and

other legal records, legal compliance mechanism and

corporate conduct. The verification was done on test

check basis to ensure that correct facts as reflected in

secretarial and other records produced to us. We believe

that the processes and practices we followed, provides a

reasonable basis for our opinion for the purpose of issue

of the Secretarial Audit Report.

4.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

5.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and major events during the audit period.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

Navneet Bathla

Associate Partner

ACS:43605 /CP No. 20939

UDIN: A043605D000335028

For BNP & Associates

Company Secretaries

Place: Mumbai

[Firm Regn. No. P2014MH037400]

Date: 17th May,2022

PR No. 637/2019

Format for the Annual Report on CSR Activities

1.

Brief Outline on CSR Policy of the Company:

For every Company in the Aditya Birla Group, reaching out to underserved communities is a part of our DNA. We believe

in the trusteeship concept. This entails transcending business interest and grappling with the “quality of life” challenges

that underserved communities face, and working towards making a meaningful differences to them.

Our vision is – “to actively contribute to the social and economic development of the underserved communities, lifting the

burden of poverty and helping bring in inclusive growth, in so doing build a better, sustainable way of life for the weaker

sections of society and raise the countriy’s human development index”, (Mrs. Rajashree Birla, Chairperson, Aditya Birla

Centre for Community Initiatives and Rural development)

2.

Composition of CSR Committee:

Sl.

No.

Name of Director

Designation / Nature of Directorship

Number of meetings

of CSR committee held

during the year

Number of meetings of CSR

Committee attended during

the year

1

Smt. Rajashree Birla

Chairperson/Non-Executive Director

1

1

2

Mr. Y.P. Dandiwala

Member/Independent Director

1

1

3

Mr. Satish Pai

Member/: Managing

Managing Director)

(DIN: 06646758)

Mrs. Rajashree Birla

(Chairman, CSR Committee)

(DIN: 00022995)

Place : Mumbai

Dated : 6th May, 2022

Annexure VI

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

BRSR

INDICATOR

NO.

DISCLOSURE

REFERENCE SECTION/ PAGE NUMBER

8.

Details of the highest authority responsible for

implementation and oversight of the Business

Responsibility policy (Yes).

Risk Management and ESG Committee.

9.

Does the entity have a specified Committee of the

Board/ Director responsible for decision making

on sustainability related issues? (Yes / No). If yes,

provide details.

Environment Management at Hindalco-

Natural Capital

10. Details of Review of the National Guidelines on

Responsible Business Conduct (NGRBC)

-

11.

Has the entity carried out independent assessment/

evaluation of the working of its policies by an

external agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide name

of the agency.

No

12. If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e., not all

Principles ar e covered by a policy,reasons to be

stated:

NA

SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE

Principle 1

Essential Indicators

1

Percentage coverage by training and awareness

programmes on any of the Principlesduring the financial

year

Board of Directors/ Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)

Refer Corporate Governance part of

Integrated Annual Report

Employees other than Board of Directors or KMPs

Human Capital Development- Human

Capital

Workers

Human Capital Development- Human

Capital

2

Details of fines / penalties /punishment/award/

compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in

proceedings

Environmental management- Natural

Capital

3

Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details

of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where

monetary or non-monetary action has been appealed.

Environmental management- Natural

Capital

4

Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest

-NIL

5

Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/ workers

against whom disciplinary action was taken by any

law enforcement agency for the charges of bribery/

corruption

-Nil

BRSR Indicator

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of appointment setting out their roles, functions, duties

and responsibilities.

The Directors are familiarized with your Company’s Business

and its operations. Interactions are held between the Directors

and Senior Management of your Company. Directors are

familiarized with organizational set-up, functioning of

various department, internal control processes and relevant

information pertaining to your Company. They are periodically

updated on industry scenario, changes in regulatory framework

and the impact thereof on the working of your Company.

The details on the Company’s Familiarization Programme

for Independent Directors can be accessed at: http://www.

hindalco.com/upload/pdf/Familiarisation_Programme_

hindalco.pdf

Committees of the Board of Directors

The Board has constituted following Committees of Directors

to deal with matters and monitor the activities falling within

the respective terms of reference: -

Audit Committee

Constitution of Audit Committee and its functions

Your Company has an Audit Committee at the Board

level which acts as a link between the Management, the

Statutory, the Internal Auditors and the Board of Directors

and oversees the financial reporting process. The Committee

is governed by a Charter which is line with the regulatory

requirements mandated by the Companies Act, 2013 and Listing

Regulations.

The Committee comprises of three Non-Executive Directors,

all of whom are Independent Directors. The followings are the

members of Audit Committee:

Mr. K.N. Bhandari

– Chairman

Mr. Y.P. Dandiwala

– Member

Dr. Vikas Balia

– Member

Mr. Anil Malik, Company Secretary also acts as Secretary to

the Committee

During the year, the Audit Committee met 6 times i.e., on

April 09, 2021, May 21, 2021, August 06, 2021, October 11, 2021,

November 12, 2021 and February 10, 2022 to deliberate on

various matters. The attendance of each Audit Committee

members are as follows:

Name of the Director

No. of Meetings

held

No. of Meetings

Attended

Mr. K. N. Bhandari

6

6

Mr. Y. P. Dandiwala

6

6

Dr. Vikas Balia

6

6

1.

The Chairman of the Audit Committee, Mr. K. N. Bhandari

was present at the last Annual General Meeting of your

Company held on August 23, 2021.

2.

The: Managing

Managing Director of the Company. The present

value of the above pension liability determined based on the actuarial valuation is accounted by the Company in its financial statements. Amount charged

as expenses in the statement of profit and loss during the year towards such post-employment benefit amounting to ` 3 crore has been disclosed as a

part of managerial remuneration above, and does not include the impact of actuarial (gains)/losses recognised in other comprehensive income.

(b) Paid to Executive Directors

Executive Director

Remuneration for the year 2021-22

Relationship

with other

Directors

All elements of

remuneration package

i.e., salary, benefits,

bonuses, pension etc.

(` in Lakhs)

Fixed component &

performance linked

incentives, along with

performance criteria

(` in Lakhs)

Service

contracts,

notice period,

severance fee

Stock option

details, if any

Mr. Satish Pai

(: Managing

Managing Director and CFO have certified to the Board

that:

A.

They have reviewed Financial Statements and the Cash

Flow Statement for the year and that to the best of their

knowledge and belief:

1.

these statements do not contain any materially

untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain

statements that might be misleading;

2.

these statements together present a true and fair

view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance

with existing Accounting Standards, applicable laws

and regulations.

B.

There are, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no

transactions entered into by the Company during the year

which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s

code of conduct.

C.

They accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining

internal controls for financial reporting and that they have

evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of

the Company pertaining to financial reporting and they

have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee,

deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal

controls, if any, of which they are aware and the steps they

have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

D.

They have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit

Committee:

1.

that there were no significant changes in internal

control over financial reporting during the year;

2.

that there were no significant changes in accounting

policies during the year and that the same have been

disclosed in the notes to the Financial Statements;

and

3.

instances of significant fraud of which they have

become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of

the management or an employee having a significant

role in the Company’s internal control system over

financial reporting.

Report on Corporate Governance

Your Company has complied with Corporate Governance

requirements specified under Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses

(b) to (i) of sub regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the Listing

Regulations.

COMPLIANCE

I.

A certificate from the Statutory Auditors confirming

compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance

as stipulated in Listing Regulations forms part of Annual

Report.

II.

A Certificate by Company Secretary in practice that

none of the directors have been debarred or disqualified

from being appointed for continuing as directors in the

companies by the Board/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or

any such statutory authority forms part of Annual Report

As below:-

CERTIFICATE

Pursuant to regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para

C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing

Regulations”)

To

The Members

Hindalco Industries Limited

Ahura Centre, 1st Floor,

B Wing Mahakali Caves Road,

Mumbai – 400093

We have examined the relevant books, papers, minutes books,

forms and returns filed, Notices received from the Directors

during the financial Year 2021-22, and other records maintained

by the Company and also the information provided by the

Company, its officers, agents and authorised representatives of

Hindalco Industries Limited CIN.: L27020MH1958PLC011238

(hereinafter called the ‘Company’) having its Registered office

at Ahura Centre, 1st Floor, B Wing Mahakali Caves Road,

Mumbai – 400093 for the purpose of issue of a Certificate,

in accordance with Regulation 34 (3) read with Schedule V

Para-C Sub clause 10 (i) of the Securities Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 2015

(LODR), as amended vide notification no [SEBI/LAD/NRO/

GN/2018/10 dated May 9, 2018 issued by SEBI.

In our opinion and to the best of our knowledge and based

on such examination as well as information and explanations

furnished to us, which to the best of our knowledge and belief

were necessary for the purpose of issue of this certificate and

based on such verification as considered necessary, we hereby

certify that None of the Directors stated below who are on

the Board of the Company as on 31st March 2022 have been

debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing

as Directors of the Companies by Securities Exchange Board

of India or The Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other

statutory authority.

S.

No.

Name of the Director

DIN

Date of

Appointment in

the Company

1

Kumar Mangalam Birla

00012813

16/11/1992

2

Rajashree Birla

00022995

15/03/1996

3

Aksaran Agarwala

00023684

11/09/1998

4

Kailash Nath Bhandari

00026078

30/01/2006

5

Debnarayan Bhattacharya*

00033553

01/10/2008

6

Alka Marezban Bharucha

00114067

11/07/2018

Corporate Governance Report

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director/CEO.

4.

The Company has engaged internal auditors for aluminum

and copper business separately and their report is

reviewed by the Audit Committee.

Auditor’s Certificate regarding compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance

To the Members of Hindalco Industries Limited

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Hindalco Industries Limited (“the Company”),

for the year ended March 31, 2022 as stipulated in Regulations 17, 17A, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 24A, 25, 26, 27 and clauses (b)

to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of regulation 46 and para C , D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) (collectively referred to as “SEBI

Listing Regulations, 2015”).

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our examination

was carried out in accordance with the Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance, issued by the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India and was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for

ensuring the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the

financial statements of the Company.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that the Company

has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Price Waterhouse & Co Chartered Accountants LLP

Firm Registration No. 304026E/E-300009

UDIN: 22045255ANKZDI4014

Sarah George

Place: Mumbai

Partner

Date: July 22, 2022

Membership No: 045255

Corporate Governance Report

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter quoting their Ledger Folio numbers / DP & Client ID along with dividend warrant(s) (if any)

and a cancelled cheque leaf for revalidation/claim.

The details of Dividend paid by the Company and the respective due dates of transfer of unclaimed/un-encashed dividend

to the designated fund of the Central Government is enumerated below:

Date of Declaration

Financial year of Dividend

Due date of transfer to the Government

Amount in `

September 16, 2015

2014-2015

October 23, 2022

55,73,225.49

September 14, 2016

2015-2016

October 21, 2023

55,36,865.00

September 13, 2017

2016-2017

October 20, 2024

63,92,367.50

September 21, 2018

2017-2018

October 27, 2025

68,17,914.00

August 30, 2019

2018-2019

October 7, 2026

64,83,313.80

September 10, 2020

2019-2020

October 21, 2027

50,85,182.00

August 23, 2021

2020-2021

October 1, 2028

1,29,03,167.00

Pursuant to the provisions of Investor Education and

Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer

and Refund) Rules 2016 read with Investor Education

and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit,

Transfer and Refund) Amendment 2017, the Company is

mandated to transfer all such shares to Investor Education

and Protection Fund (IEPF) in respect of which dividend

has not been claimed for seven consecutive years

or more.

The unclaimed dividend amount for the financial

year 2013-2014 and 387767 Equity Shares related

to unclaimed dividend for the financial year have

been credited to Investor Education and Protection Fund

(IEPF). Shareholder can claim the unclaimed dividend

amount.

Shareholder can claim the unclaimed dividend amounts

and shares credited to IEPF with a separate application

made to the IEPF Authority, in Form IEPF-5, as prescribed

under the Rules and are available at IEPF website i.e

www.iepf.gov.in.

Shareholder Information

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN-06646758

DIN-00174361

Sarah George

Anil Malik

K N Bhandari

Partner

Membership No. 045255

Company Secretary

Director

DIN-00026078

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 26, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN-06646758

DIN-00174361

Sarah George

Anil Malik

K N Bhandari

Partner

Membership No. 045255

Company Secretary

Director

DIN-00026078

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 26, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN-06646758

DIN-00174361

Sarah George

Anil Malik

K N Bhandari

Partner

Membership No. 045255

Company Secretary

Director

DIN-00026078

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 26, 2022

(` in Crore)

Particulars

Note

Equity

Component

of Other

Financial

Instruments

Reserve and Surplus

Other Reserves

Attributable

to Owners of

the Company

Attributable

to Non

Controlling

Interests

Total

Other

Equity

Capital

Reserve

Capital

Redemption

Reserve

Business

Recon-

struction

Reserve

Securi-

ties

Premium

Debenture

Redemption

Reserve

Employees

Stock

Options

Treasury

Shares

heldby

ESOP

Trust

Special

Reserve

General

Reserve

Retained

Earn-

ings

Gain/ (Loss)

on Equity

Instruments

FVTOCI

Gain/ (Loss)

on Debt

Instruments

FVTOCI

Effective

portion of

Cash Flow

Hedge

Cost of

Hedging

Reserve

Foreign

Currency

Translation

Reserve

Balance as at March 31, 2021

17

4

147

104

5,799

8,225

1,350

54

(129)

20

21,370

22,777

4,673

1

(1,246)

10

3,152

66,311

10

66,321

Profit/ (Loss) for the year

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

13,730

-

-

-

-

-

13,730

-

13,730

Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the year

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

883

963

(6)

(3,464)

(49)

525

(1,148)

-

(1,148)

Total Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the year

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

14,613

963

(6)

(3,464)

(49)

525

12,582

-

12,582

Hedging (gain)/ loss and cost of hedging transferred

to non-financial assets

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(151)

-

-

(151)

-

(151)

Realised Gain/(Loss) on Equity FVTOCI transferred to

Retained Earnings

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

302

(302)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Transfer to Debenture Redemption Reserve

-

-

-

-

-

150

-

-

-

-

(150)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Transfer to Special Reserve

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Other Changes

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(67)

-

-

(33)

-

32

(68)

1

(67)

Transactions with owners in their capacity as

owners

Share in Equity Accounted Investments

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Shares Acquired by the Trust

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(94)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(94)

-

(94)

Shares Issued by the Trust

-

-

-

-

-

-

(11)

24

-

-

2

-

-

-

-

-

15

-

15

Employee Share Based Transactions

-

-

-

-

9

-

(3)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

6

-

6

Employee Share Options Expenses

-

-

-

-

-

-

35

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

35

-

35

Dividend Paid

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(667)

-

-

-

-

-

(667)

-

(667)

Balance as at March 31, 2022

17

4

147

104

5,799

8,234

1,500

75

(199)

20

21,370

36,810

5,334

(5)

(4,894)

(39)

3,709

77,969

11

77,980

Basis of Preparation and Significant Accounting

Policies

1

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN-06646758

DIN-00174361

Sarah George

Anil Malik

K N Bhandari

Partner

Membership No. 045255

Company Secretary

Director

DIN-00026078

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 26, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of Credit (LC). Under this arrangement, the supplier is eligible to receive payment from negotiating bank prior to

the expiry of the extended credit period. The interest for the extended credit period payable to the bank on maturity of

the LC has been presented under Finance Cost.

20. Trade Payables

Refer Note 1B(P) for accounting policy on Trade and Other Payables

(` in Crore)

As at

31/03/2022

31/03/2021

Non-Current

Current

Non-Current

Current

Micro and Small Enterprises

-

105

-

58

Other than Micro and Small Enterprises - (b) & (c)

-

41,277

-

28,177

-

41,382

-

28,235

(a)

Trade Payables ageing schedule as at 31/03/2022:

(` in Crore)

Particulars

Unbilled

Not Due

Outstanding for following periods from due

date of payment

Total

Less than

1 year

1 - 2 years

2 - 3 years More than

3 years

(i) MSME

14

33

44

10

3

1

105

(ii) Others

4,074

29,622

7,261

157

22

54

41,190

(iii) Disputed - MSME

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(iv) Disputed - Others

-

-

21

22

44

-

87

Total

4,088

29,655

7,326

189

69

55

41,382

Trade Payables ageing schedule as at 31/03/2021:

Notes

forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director. The amount charged to statement of Profit and Loss

during the year is ` 3 crore (31/03/2021: ` 3 crore). Amount of actuarial (gain)/ loss recognised in Other Comprehensive

Income during the year is` Nil (31/03/2021: ` 1 crore).

The obligation with respect to these schemes as at 31/03/2022: ` 47 crore (31/03/2021: ` 46 crore).

(B) Defined Contribution Plans

(a)

Pension

The Group contributes a certain percentage of salary for all eligible employees in India in the managerial cadre

towards Superannuation Funds with option to put certain portion in National Pension Scheme (NPS) and/or in funds

managed by Birla Sunlife Insurance Company to be converted to annuity of Life Insurance Corporation of India. Junior

Pension Plan provided to certain employees is in the nature of defined benefit plan which provides an annuity in the

form of pension amount at retirement. The amount charged to the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss during

the year is ` 16 crore (31/03/2021: ` 15 crore) and amount of actuarial gain/ (loss) recognised in Other Comprehensive

Income during the year is` Nil (31/03/2021: ` 1 crore).

(b) Provident Fund

The Company’s and certain Indian subsidiaries contribution towards Provident Fund managed either by approved trusts

or by the Central Government is debited to the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss. In respect of provident

fund management by the approved trust, these entities have an obligation to fund any shortfall on the yield of the

trust’s investments over the administered interest rates on an annual basis. These entities also contributes to Coal

Mines Provident Fund (CMPF) in respect of employees working in coal mines.

The amount debited to the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss during the year was ` 104 crore (31/03/2021:

` 103 crore).

Based on actuarial valuation considering this to be in the nature of a defined benefit plan, the Group has recognised

obligation as at 31/03/2022 of ` Nil (31/03/2021: ` 2 crore) towards shortfall on the yield of the trust’s investments

over the administered interest rates. Amount of actuarial (gain)/ loss recognised in Other Comprehensive Income

during the year is ` (4) crore (31/03/2021: ` (9) crore).

Sensitivity Analysis:

(` in Crore)

As at

31/03/2022

31/03/2021

Provident Fund

Discount rate

Effect on DBO due to 1% increase in discount rate

(3)

(3)

Effect on DBO due to 1% decrease in discount rate

4

4

Pension

Discount rate

Effect on DBO due to 1% increase in discount rate

(0.01)

(0.1)

Effect on DBO due to 1% decrease in discount rate

0.1

0.1

Notes

forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Directors

2

Mr. Praveen Maheshwari -Whole time Director & Chief Financial Officer

Executive Directors

3

Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla

Non Executive Directors

4

Smt. Rajashree Birla

Non Executive Directors

5

Mr. D Bhattacharya (Resigned w.e.f. 2nd March, 2022)

Non Executive Directors

6

Mr. A.K.Agarwala

Non Executive Directors

7

Mr. K.N. Bhandari

Non Executive Directors

8

Mr. Y.P. Dandiwala

Non Executive Directors

9

Mr. Anant Maheshwari

Non Executive Directors

10

Ms. Alka Bharucha

Non Executive Directors

11

Dr. Vikas Balia

Non Executive Directors

12

Mr. Sudhir Mital

Non Executive Directors

(C)

Other Related Parties with whom there were transactions during the year:

Name of the Related Party

Relationship

1

Hindalco Employee’s Gratuity Fund, Kolkata

Post-Employment Benefit Plan

2

Hindalco Employee’s Gratuity Fund, Renukoot

Post-Employment Benefit Plan

3

Hindalco Employee’s Provident Fund Institution, Renukoot

Post-Employment Benefit Plan

4

Hindalco Superannuation Scheme, Renukoot

Post-Employment Benefit Plan

5

Hindalco Industries Limited Employees’ Provident Fund II

Post-Employment Benefit Plan

6

Hindalco Industries Limited Senior Management Staff Pension Fund II

Post-Employment Benefit Plan

7

Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited @

Other related party in which Director is Interested

@ The Company and its subsidiary, Utkal Alumina International Limited, are members of Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited (ABMCPL), a

company limited by guarantee formed for the purpose of its members to mutually avail and share common facilities, expertise and other support charged

on cost basis.

(D) The following transactions were carried out with the related parties in the ordinary course of business

(` in Crore)

Nature of Transaction/Relationship

Year ended

31/03/2022

31/03/2021

i.

Services rendered

15

10

Other related party in which Director is interested

15

10

ii.

Interest and dividend received

Interest received

2

2

Associates

2

2

iii.

Purchase of Materials, Capital Equipment and Others

25

20

Associates

25

20

iv.

Contribution to

213

208

Post-Employment Benefit Plan

213

208

v.

Services received

615

433

Associates

17

16

Other related party in which Director is interested

598

417

vi.

Investments, Deposits and Loans

Investments made during the year

8

-

Associates

8

-

Investments, Deposits and Loans, returned back during the year

12

5

Associates

4

5

Joint Ventures

8

-

(E)

Outstanding Balances

(` in Crore)

Nature of Transaction/Relationship

Year ended

31/03/2022

31/03/2021

Receivables and Advances

106

102

Other related party in which Director is interested

106

102

Payables

81

38

Associates

2

2

Other related party in which Director is interested

79

36

Loans and Deposits (Given)

36

41

Associates

36

41

All outstanding balances are unsecured and are payable in cash.

Notes

forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director - (iii)

4

4

Post-employment benefits

4

4

(c)

Remuneration of Non Executive Directors

9

8

Commission and Sitting Fees

9

8

(i)

Excludes amortisation of fair value of employee share-based payments under Ind AS 102.

(ii)

As the liabilities for defined benefit plans and leave entitlements are provided on actuarial basis for the Company as

a whole, the amounts pertaining to Key Management Personnel are not included.

(iii) The Board approved pension of Mr. D. Bhattacharya of ` 0.335 crore per month and other post-employment benefits for

his past service when he was the: Managing

letter dated 25th April,

2018, NA imposed a penalty equal to 20% of PBG amounting to ` 64 crore for GP-4, ` 74 crore for GP-5 and ` 118 crore for

Kathautia (refer note 10). As the PBG for GP-5 and Kathautia was still with NA, it also appropriated an amount equal to the

penalty from the PBG of the respective mines.

The above actions were contested by the Company. The Hon’ble Chhattisgarh High Court at Bilaspur has already given

its judgment in favour of the Company in the matter related to GP-5. As per the judgment, Hon’ble High Court has asked

NA to refund the amount appropriated by them and return the PBG to the Company. The NA has filed an appeal before

the Hon’ble Supreme Court which has not been taken up for hearing yet. The Company’s appeal to quash the demand

raised by NA in case of GP-4 and Kathautia is yet to be decided and is pending before the Mines Tribunal at Bilaspur and

Ranchi respectively.

53. Additional regulatory information required by Schedule III to be disclosed in the consolidated

financial statements:

A.

Relationship with struck off companies

Disclosure related to relationship of the Company with a company which is Struck off under Section 248 of the Companies

Act, 2013 or Section 530 of Companies Act, 1956:

Name of struck off Company

Nature of transactions

with struck-off Company

Balance

outstanding

as at

31/03/2022

Balance

outstanding

as at

31/03/2021

Relationship with

Relationship with

the Struck off

company, if any,

to be disclosed

Receivables

1. Daga Nylomet Private Limited

Sale of Goods and

Services

1

1

Not a related party

2. Gapscib Trading Private Limited

Sale of Goods and

Services

2

2

Not a related party

Payables

1. KNOP Trading Company Pvt. Ltd.

Purchase Goods and

Services

-

- Not a related party

2. Saturn Mining & Exploration Pvt. Ltd.

Purchase Goods and

Services

-

- Not a related party

3. Agngreen Pest Control Services Pvt. Ltd.

Purchase Goods and

Services

-

- Not a related party

4. Black Bird E-Solutions Pvt. Ltd.

Purchase Goods and

Services

-

- Not a related party

5. Singhal Bricks Pvt. Ltd.

Purchase Goods and

Services

-

- Not a related party

6. Sonebhadra Automobiles Pvt. Ltd.

Purchase Goods and

Services

-

- Not a related party

Other Outstanding balances

1. Apple Insulated Wires Pvt. Ltd.

Contract liability

-

- Not a related party

2. Payal Synthetics Pvt. Ltd.

Contract liability

-

- Not a related party

3. Tecon Surface Coating & Engineering Pvt. Ltd.

Contract liability

-

- Not a related party

B.

Details of loans given, investment made and guarantee given covered under section 186(4) of the Companies Act,

2013:

(i)

Loans and Financial Guarantees given below:

(` in Crore)

Name of the Company

Relationship

Nature of

Transaction

As at

31/03/2022

31/03/2021

Aditya Birla Science and Technology Company Private Limited

Associate

Loan

36

41

Notes

forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN-06646758

DIN-00174361

Sarah George

Anil Malik

K N Bhandari

Partner

Membership No. 045255

Company Secretary

Director

DIN-00026078

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 26, 2022

(` in Crore)

Net Assets i.e. total Assets

minus total Liabilities

Share in Profit/ (Loss)

Share in Other

Comprehensive Income

Share in Total

Comprehensive Income

As % of

Consolidated

Net Assets

Amount

As % of

Consolidated

Profit/ (Loss)

Amount

As % of Other

Comprehensive

Income

Amount

As % of Total

Comprehensive

Income

Amount

Joint Ventures

Indian:

MNH Shakti Limited

0.02%

14

0.03%

1

0.00%

-

0.01%

1

Foreign:

Hydromine Global Minerals

(GMBH) Limited

0.00%

-

-0.03%

(1)

0.00%

-

-0.01%

(1)

Trusts (Consolidated as

Subsidiaries)

Indian:

Hindalco Jana Seva Trust

0.00%

2

0.00%

-

0.00%

-

0.00%

-

Copper Jann Seva Trust

0.00%

(3)

-0.14%

(5)

0.00%

-

-0.06%

(5)

Utkal Alumina Jana Seva Trust

0.00%

(1)

-0.03%

(1)

0.00%

-

-0.01%

(1)

160.34%

106,692

101.44%

3,533

88.25%

4,222

93.81%

7,755

Consolidation Adjustments

-60.34%

(40,149)

-1.44%

(50)

11.75%

562

6.19%

512

100.00%

66,543

100.00%

3,483

100.00%

4,784

100.00%

8,267

Notes

forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN-06646758

Anil Malik

Company Secretary

K N Bhandari

Director

DIN-00026078

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 26, 2022

Note A - There is significant influence due to percentage holding of share capital

Annexure VII

To the Members of Hindalco Industries Limited

Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements

Opinion

1.

We have audited the accompanying standalone financial

statements of Hindalco Industries Limited (“the Company”),

which comprise the Standalone Balance Sheet as at March

31, 2022, and the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss

(including Other Comprehensive loss), the Standalone

Statement of Changes in Equity and the Standalone

Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended, and notes

to the standalone financial statements, including a summary

of significant accounting policies and other explanatory

information in which are included the financial statement/

financial information as at March 31, 2022 and for the year

then ended in respect of two Joint Operations consolidated

on a proportionate basis and two Trusts (Refer note 55 to

the standalone financial statements) (hereinafter referred to

as “standalone financial statements”).

2.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and

according to the explanations given to us and based on

the consideration of reports of other auditors on audited

financial statements of the joint operations and based on the

consideration of the separate unaudited financial information

of the trusts, the aforesaid standalone financial statements

give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013

(“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair

view in conformity with the accounting principles generally

accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company,

its joint operations and its trusts as at March 31, 2022, and

total comprehensive income (comprising of profit and other

comprehensive loss), changes in equity and its cash flows

for the year then ended.

Basis for Opinion

3.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards

on Auditing (SAs) specified under Section 143(10) of the

Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further

described in the “Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the

standalone financial statements” section of our report. We

are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code

of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants

of India together with the ethical requirements that are

relevant to our audit of the standalone financial statements

under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder,

and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in

accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and

the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms

of their reports referred to in sub-paragraph 13 of the Other

Matters paragraph below, other than the unaudited financial

information as certified by the management and referred to

in sub-paragraph 14 of the Other Matters section below, is

sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Key audit matters

4.

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional

judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the

standalone financial statements of the current period. These

matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the

standalone financial statements as a whole and in forming

our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate

opinion on these matters.

Key audit matter

How our audit addressed the key audit matter

A.

Measurement of inventory quantities of

coal, bauxite, copper concentrate and work

in progress consisting of precious metals

Refer Notes 1D (j) and 11 (d) to the standalone

financial statements.

Of the Company’s ` 20,948 crores of inventory

as at March 31, 2022, ` 4,302 crores of inventory

comprised of coal, bauxite, copper concentrate

and work in progress consisting of precious

metals.

This was determined a key audit matter, as the

measurement of these inventory quantities

lying at the Company’s yards, smelters and

refineries is complex and involves significant

judgement and estimate resulting from

measuring the surface area, dip measurement

of materials in tanks/silos and such other

parameters.

The Company uses internal and external

experts, as applicable, to perform volumetric

surveys and assessments basis which the

quantities of these inventories are estimated.

Our audit procedures relating to the measurement of inventory quantities

of coal, bauxite, copper concentrate and work in progress of precious

metals included the following:

•

Understanding and evaluating the design and testing the operating

effectiveness of controls over the physical count process and

measurement of such inventory;

•

Evaluation of the independence competency and capabilities of the

management’s experts;

•

Physically observing inventory measurement and count procedures

carried out by management using experts, to assess its appropriateness

and completeness and performing roll forward procedures; and

•

Obtaining and inspecting inventory measurement and physical count

results for such inventories, including assessing and evaluating the

results of analysis performed by management in respect of differences

between book and physical quantities.

Based on the above procedures performed, we did not identify any

material exceptions in the measurement of inventory quantities of coal,

bauxite, copper concentrate and work in progress inventories consisting

of precious metals.

Independent Auditor’s Report

on the Standalone Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN-06646758

Whole-time Director &

Chief Financial Officer

DIN-00174361

Sarah George

Anil Malik

K N Bhandari

Partner

Membership No. 045255

Company Secretary

Director

DIN No.: 00026078

Place : Mumbai

Dated : May 26, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN-06646758

Firm Registration Number: 304026E/ E-300009

Whole-time Director &

Chief Financial Officer

DIN-00174361

Sarah George

Anil Malik

K N Bhandari

Partner

Membership No. 045255

Company Secretary

Director

DIN No.: 00026078

Place : Mumbai

Dated : May 26, 2022

(` in Crore)

Note

Year ended

31/03/2022

31/03/2021

Items that will be reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss

Change in Fair Value of Debt Instruments Designated as FVTOCI

(9)

(9)

Effective Portion of Cash flow Hedges

(1,867)

(757)

Cost of Hedging Reserve

(75)

(168)

Income Tax effect

682

326

Other Comprehensive Income/ (Loss) for the year

(397)

3,780

Total Comprehensive Income/ (Loss) for the year

5,110

4,773

Earnings Per Share

40

Basic (` )

24.76

4.46

Diluted (` )

24.73

4.46

Basis of Preparation and Significant Accounting Policies

1

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN-06646758

Firm Registration Number: 304026E/ E-300009

Whole-time Director &

Chief Financial Officer

DIN-00174361

Sarah George

Anil Malik

K N Bhandari

Partner

Membership No. 045255

Company Secretary

Director

DIN No.: 00026078

Place : Mumbai

Dated : May 26, 2022

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN-06646758

Firm Registration Number: 304026E/ E-300009

Whole-time Director &

Chief Financial Officer

DIN-00174361

Sarah George

Anil Malik

K N Bhandari

Partner

Membership No. 045255

Company Secretary

Director

DIN No.: 00026078

Place : Mumbai

Dated : May 26, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of Credit (LC). Under this arrangement, the supplier is eligible to receive payment from negotiating bank prior to

the expiry of the extended credit period. The interest for the extended credit period payable to the bank on maturity of

the LC has been presented under Finance Cost.

20. Trade Payables

Refer Note 1B (O) for accounting policy on Trade and other payables

(` in Crore)

As at

31/03/2022

31/03/2021

Non-Current

Current

Non-Current

Current

Micro and Small Enterprises - (b)

-

96

-

52

Other than Micro and Small Enterprises - (c) and (d)

-

10,919

-

8,748

-

11,015

-

8,800

(a) Trade Payables ageing schedule as at 31 March 2022

S.

No.

Particulars

Unbilled

Not due

Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment

Total

Less than

1 year

1-2 years

2-3 years

More than

3 years

(i)

MSME

14

31

44

3

3

1

96

(ii) Others

865

2,351

7,516

26

22

52

10,832

(iii) Disputed dues- MSME

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(iv) Disputed dues- Others

-

-

21

22

44

-

87

Total

879

2,382

7,581

51

69

53

11,015

Trade Payables ageing schedule as at 31 March 2021

S.

No.

Particulars

Unbilled

Not due

Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment

Total

Less than

1 year

1-2 years

2-3 years

More than

3 years

(i)

MSME

3

12

31

5

-

1

52

(ii) Others

548

1,659

6,302

24

10

70

8,613

(iii) Disputed dues- MSME

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(iv) Disputed dues- Others

-

-

24

53

12

46

135

Total

551

1,671

6,357

82

22

117

8,800

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director. The amount charged to statement of Profit and Loss during

the year is ` 3 crore (year ended 31/03/2021 ` 3 crore). Amount of actuarial (gain)/ loss recognised in Other Comprehensive

Income during the year is ` 0 crore (year ended 31/03/2021 ` 1 crore). The obligation with respect to these schemes as at

31/03/2022 ` 47 crore ( year ended 31/03/2021 ` 46 crore).

II

Defined Contribution Plans

A

Pension

It is a contributory benefit plan where the Company contributes a certain percentage of salary for all eligible employees in

the managerial cadre towards Superannuation Funds with option to put certain portion in National Pension Scheme (NPS)

and/or in funds managed by Birla Sunlife Insurance Company to be converted to annuity of Life Insurance Corporation of

India at retirement. Junior Pension Plan provided to certain employees is in the nature of defined benefit plan which provides

an annuity in the form of pension amount at retirement. The amount charged to statement of Profit and Loss during the

year is ` 16 crore (year ended 31/03/2021 ` 15 crore). Amount of actuarial (gain)/ loss recognised in Other Comprehensive

Income during the year is ` 0 crore (year ended 31/03/2021 ` 0 crore).

B

Provident Fund

The Company’s contribution towards Provident Fund managed either by approved trusts or by the Central Government is

debited to the Statement of Profit and Loss. In respect of provident fund management by the approved trust, the Company

has an obligation to fund any shortfall on the yield of the trust’s investments over the administered interest rates on an

annual basis. The Company also contributes to Coal Mines Provident Fund (CMPF) in respect of employees working in

coal mines. The amount debited to Statement of Profit and Loss during the year was ` 100 crore (year ended 31/03/2021

` 100 crore). Based on actuarial valuation, the Company has recognised obligation of ` 0 crore as at 31/03/2022 (year

ended 31/03/2021 ` 2 crore) towards shortfall on the yield of the trust’s investments over the administered interest rates.

Amount of actuarial (gain)/ loss recognised in Other Comprehensive Income during the year is ` (4) crore (year ended

31/03/2021 ` (9) crore).

(` in Crore)

Year ended

Sensitivity Analysis :-

31/03/2022

31/03/2021

Provident Fund

Discount Rate

Effect on DBO due to 1% increase in discount rate

(3)

(3)

Effect on DBO due to 1% decrease in discount rate

4

4

Pension

Discount Rate

Effect on DBO due to 1% increase in discount rate

(0.0)

(0.1)

Effect on DBO due to 1% decrease in discount rate

0.1

0.1

Notes

forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements

Assumption use in determining the present value obligation of the interest rate guarantee under the Deterministic

Approach:

Year ended

31/03/2022

31/03/2021

Discount rate

7.00%

6.25%

Expected EPFO (Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation) Return

8.10%

8.50%

III

Other Employee Benefit plans

A

Leave Obligation

The leave obligation cover the Company’s liability for earned and sick leave. The entire amount of the provision of

` 261 crore (year ended 31/03/2021 ` 257 crore) is presented as current, since the company does not have an unconditional

right to defer settlement for these obligations. Expected amount towards settlement of Leave for the next 12 months are

` 41 crore (31/03/2021 ` 36 crore).

32. Power and Fuel

(` in Crore)

Year ended

31/03/2022

31/03/2021

Power and Fuel Expenses - (a)

6,782

5,668

Less: Transferred to Capital Work-in-Progress/ Intangible Assets under development

(1)

-

6,781

5,668

(a)

Refer note 37, for details of freight expenses included in Power and Fuel.

33. Finance Costs

Refer Note 1B (S) for accounting policy on Borrowing cost

(` in Crore)

Year ended

31/03/2022

31/03/2021

Interest Expenses on Financial Liabilities not at FVTPL - (a) and (b)

1,388

1,451

(Gain)/ Loss on Foreign Currency Borrowings (Net)

-

(14)

Interest Expenses for Leasing arrangements

26

25

Other Borrowing Costs - (c)

29

22

1,443

1,484

Less: Transferred to Capital Work-in-Progress/ Intangible Assets under development (d)

26

15

1,417

1,469

(a)

Interest expenses include ` 9 crore (year ended 31/03/2021 ` 6 crore) paid to Income Tax Department.

(b) Includes difference between effective interest rate and contracted interest rate of ` 57 crore (year ended 31/03/2021

` 49 crore) mainly from amortisation of debt issuance cost.

(c)

Mainly includes unwinding of discount on Enterprise Social Commitment and Asset Retirement Obligations.

(d) The Capitalisation rate used to determine the amount of borrowing costs to be capitalised is the weighted average interest

rate applicable to general borrowings. Capitalisation rate for year ended 31/03/2022 is 6.32% p.a. (year ended 31/03/2021

- 6.58% p.a.).

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Directors

2

Mr. Praveen Maheshwari -Whole time Director & Chief Financial Officer

Executive Directors

3

Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla

Non Executive Directors

4

Smt. Rajashree Birla

Non Executive Directors

5

Mr D Bhattacharya (Resigned w.e.f. 2nd March, 2022)

Non Executive Directors

6

Mr. A.K.Agarwala

Non Executive Directors

7

Mr. K.N. Bhandari

Non Executive Directors

8

Mr. Y.P. Dandiwala

Non Executive Directors

Notes

forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements

Name of the Related Party

Principal Place of Business

9

Mr. Anant Maheshwari

Non Executive Directors

10

Ms. Alka Bharucha

Non Executive Directors

11

Dr. Vikas Balia

Non Executive Directors

12

Mr. Sudhir Mital

Non Executive Directors

(D)

Other Related Parties with whom there were transactions during the year:

Relationship

1

Hindalco Employee’s Gratuity Fund, Kolkata

Post-Employment Benefit Plan

2

Hindalco Employee’s Gratuity Fund, Renukoot

Post-Employment Benefit Plan

3

Hindalco Employee’s Provident Fund Institution, Renukoot

Post-Employment Benefit Plan

4

Hindalco Superannuation Scheme, Renukoot

Post-Employment Benefit Plan

5

Hindalco Industries Limited Employees’ Provident Fund II

Post-Employment Benefit Plan

6

Hindalco Industries Limited Senior Management Staff Pension Fund II

Post-Employment Benefit Plan

7

Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited (ABMCPL) @

Other related party in which

Director is interested

@ The Company is a member of Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited (ABMCPL), a company limited by guarantee formed for the purpose of its

members to mutually avail and share common facilities, expertise and other support charged on cost basis.

(E) The following transactions were carried out with the related parties in the ordinary course of business

(` in Crore)

Nature of Transaction/Relationship

Note No.

Year Ended

31/03/2022

31/03/2021

Sale of Goods

26

86

50

Subsidiaries

86

50

Services rendered

26

12

9

Subsidiaries

1

1

Associates

-

-

Other related party in which Director is interested

11

8

Interest received during the year

27

8

3

Subsidiaries

6

1

Associates

2

2

Dividend received during the year

27

1

1

Subsidiaries

-

1

Associates

1

-

Contribution to

218

218

Post-Employment Benefit Plan

213

208

Trust Controlled by the Company

5

10

Interest paid

33

-

-

Subsidiaries

-

-

Purchase of Materials, Capital Equipment and Others

3,628

2,785

Subsidiaries**

3,606

2,768

Associates

22

17

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director - (iii)

3

3

Post-employment benefits

3

3

(c)

Remuneration of Non - Executive Directors

7

6

Commission & Sitting Fees

7

6

(i)

Excludes amortisation of fair value of employee share-based payments under Ind AS 102.

(ii)

As the liabilities for defined benefit plans and leave entitlements are provided on actuarial basis for the Company as

a whole, the amounts pertaining to Key Management Personnel are not included.

(iii) The Board approved pension of Mr. D. Bhattacharya of ` 0.335 crore per month and other post-employment benefits

for his past service when he was the: Managing

letter dated 25th April,

2018, NA imposed a penalty equal to 20% of PBG amounting to ` 64 crore for GP-4, ` 74 crore for GP-5 and ` 118 crore for

Kathautia (refer note 10). As the PBG for GP-5 and Kathautia was still with NA, it also appropriated an amount equal to the

penalty from the PBG of the respective mines.

The above actions were contested by the Company. The Hon’ble Chhattisgarh High Court at Bilaspur has already given its

judgment in favour of the Company in the matter related to GP-5. As per the judgment, Hon’ble High Court has asked NA

to refund the amount appropriated by them and return the PBG to the Company. The NA has filed an appeal before the

Hon’ble Supreme Court which has not been taken up for hearing yet. The Company’s appeal to quash the demand raised

by NA in case of GP-4 and Kathautia is yet to be decided and is pending before the Mines Tribunal at Bilaspur and Ranchi

respectively.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN-06646758

For Price Waterhouse & Co Chartered Accountants LLP

Firm Registration Number: 304026E/ E-300009

Sarah George

Anil Malik

K N Bhandari

Partner

Membership No. 045255

Company Secretary

Director

DIN No.: 00026078

Place : Mumbai

Dated : May 26, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

