Managing Director of the Company for a

period of 5(five) years with effect from 22nd July, 2022 to 21st

July, 2027, not liable to retire by rotation on upon the terms

and conditions of appointment as set out in the agreement

of the reappointment, as approved by the Board of Directors

of the Company and the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee and as set out in the Explanatory Statement

annexed hereto.

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and

the Nomination & Remuneration Committee of the Company

be and are hereby authorized to alter and vary such terms of

reappointment and remuneration from time to time as may

be mutually agreed to between the Board of Directors and

Shri Aditya Jajodia subject to the limits contained in the

Companies Act, 2013.

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of losses or

inadequate profits or for any other reasons as stated in

Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, remuneration shall

be paid to Shri Aditya Jajodia,: Managing

Managing Director of the Company, on the

terms and conditions as set out in the Explanatory Statement

for the period from 1st April, 2022 to 21st July, 2022 be and

is hereby approved.

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT notwithstanding the profits

in any financial year, the Company shall pay the remuneration

as mentioned in explanatory statement as the minimum

remuneration.

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby

authorised to file necessary forms with the Registrar of

Companies and to take further steps to give effect to this

resolution and to do all such act, deeds and things as may be

necessary and incidental thereto for the said purpose.”

Item No. 6

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without

modification(s), the following Resolution as a SPECIAL

RESOLUTION:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the recommendation of the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee, and approval of

the Board and pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197

and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

and rules made thereunder (including any Statutory

modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being in

force) read with Schedule-V of the Companies Act, 2013, and

the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and also subject to the

approval of the necessary statutory authorities, if required,

approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby

accorded to the re-appointment of Shri Sanjiv Jajodia (holding

DIN: 00036339), as Whole-time Director of the Company for

a period of 3 (three) years with effect from 30th June, 2023 to

29th June, 2026, liable to retire by rotation on upon the terms

and conditions of appointment as set out in the agreement

of the reappointment, as approved by the Board of Directors

of the Company and the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee and as set out in the Explanatory Statement

annexed hereto.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and

the Nomination & Remuneration Committee of the Company

be and are hereby authorized to alter and vary such terms of

reappointment and remuneration from time to time as may

be mutually agreed to between the Board of Directors and

Shri Sanjiv Jajodia subject to the limits contained in the

Companies Act, 2013.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of losses or inadequate

profits or for any other reasons as stated in Schedule V of the

Companies Act, 2013, remuneration shall be paid to Shri

Sanjiv Jajodia, Wholetime Director of the Company, not

exceeding the ceiling for the time being laid down in Schedule

V of the Act and as may be decided by the Board of Directors

of the Company and subject to such sanctions and approvals

as may be necessary.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby

authorised to file necessary forms with the Registrar of

Companies and to take further steps to give effect to this

resolution and to do all such act, deeds and things as may be

necessary and incidental thereto for the said purpose.”

Item No. 7:

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without

modification(s), the following resolution as a SPECIAL

RESOLUTION:

“RESOLVED THAT further to the resolution passed by the

Members at the 19th Annual General Meeting of the Company

according their consent to the re-appointment of Shri Sanjiv

Jajodia (DIN: 00036339) as the Whole-time Director of the

Company for a period of 5 years commencing from 30th June,

2018 at a remuneration and on the terms & conditions

mentioned therein, and pursuant to the provisions of Section

197 read with Section II of Part II of Schedule V and all other

applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013

(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment

thereof for the time being in force), the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended and such other

approvals as may be necessary in this regard, and based on

the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and approval of the Board of Directors of the

Company, consent of the Members of the Company be and

is hereby accorded for the payment of the remuneration to

Shri. Sanjiv Jajodia (DIN: 00036339), Whole-time Director of

the Company, on the terms and conditions as set out in

the Explanatory Statement for the period from 1st April, 2022

to remaining tenure of his current appointment.

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT notwithstanding the profits

in any financial year, the Company shall pay the remuneration

as mentioned in explanatory statement as the minimum

remuneration.

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby

authorised to file necessary forms with the Registrar of

Companies and to take further steps to give effect to this

resolution and to do all such act, deeds and things as may be

necessary and incidental thereto for the said purpose.”

Item No. 8

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without

modification(s), the following Resolution as a SPECIAL

RESOLUTION:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the recommendation of the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee, and approval of

the Board and pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197,

198, 203 read with Schedule V and other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-:

letter etc. together with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are

authorized to vote through e-mail to the Scrutinizer and

the Company by e-mail at jaibalaji@jaibalajigroup.com

with a copy marked to on or before 26th September, 2022

till 5.00 P.M. without which the vote shall not be treated

as valid.

4.

Attendance of the Members participating in the 23rd

AGM through VC/OAVM facility shall be counted for

the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103

of the Act.

5.

In case of joint holders attending the Meeting, the member

whose name appears as the first holder in the order of

names as per Register of Members will be entitled to

vote.

6.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 91 of the Companies

Act, 2013, the Register of Members and Share Transfer

Books of the Company will remain closed from

Wednesday, 21st September, 2022 to Tuesday, 27th

September, 2022 (both days inclusive).

7.

Members may join the Twenty Third AGM in VC/

OAVM mode from 12:00 noon i.e. 30 minutes before the

time scheduled to start the AGM and the Company may

close the window for joining the VC/ OAVM 15 minutes

after the scheduled time to start the AGM by following

the procedure enclosed with the Notice.

8.

Members may note that the VC/OAVM provided by

CDSL, allows participation of at least 1000 Members on

a first-come-first-served basis. The large shareholders

(i.e. shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding),

promoters, institutional investors, Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit

Committee, Nomination & Remuneration Committee

and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors,

etc. can attend the 23rd AGM without any restriction

on account of first-come-first-served principle.

9.

Members holding shares in physical mode are requested

to intimate any change in their address by writing to the

Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA), Maheshwari

Datamatics Private Limited (MDPL) at their Corporate

Office 23, R. N. Mukherjee Road, 5th Floor, Kolkata –

700001, email id:mdpldc@yahoo.com and members

holding shares in demat mode are requested to intimate

any change in their address or bank mandates to their

respective Depository Participants. Any such changes

effected by the Depository Participants will automatically

reflect in the Company’s subsequent records.

10. To prevent fraudulent transactions, members are advised

to exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any

change or demise of any member as soon as possible.:

Managing Director (Category: Executive

Director) of the Company in accordance with the provisions

of Sections 196, 197, Schedule V, and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s)

or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force) and other

applicable provisions, if any, for a period of 5 (five) years

with effect from 22nd July, 2022 to 21st July, 2027 at a

remuneration of Rs. 8,50,000 per month and on such terms

and conditions as set out in the agreement entered into

between the Company and Shri Aditya Jajodia for obtaining

Annexure to the Notice

EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102

OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013.

such services as may be beneficial for the working of the

Company, including any advisory services.

Brief Profile

Shri Aditya Jajodia, aged about 51 years, is presently the

Chairman &: Managing Director of the flagship Company of

our group, Jai Balaji Industries Limited. He is a Commerce

graduate and is an expertise in Iron & Steel Industry. Shri

Aditya Jajodia, son of Late Rajendra Prasad Jajodia is a Director

of the Company since incorporation i.e from 1999. Working

hand-on, Shri Aditya Jajodia led the group as one of the

largest vertically integrated steel manufacturing houses in

Eastern India. He is the spearhead of the entire expansion

plans of the group and is recognized among industry circle

as a highly successful entrepreneur.

Relevant details relating to the re – appointment of Shri

Aditya Jajodia as required by the Act, Listing Regulations

and Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India are provided as “Annexure” to this Notice.

During his tenure as the Managing Director, Mr. Jajodia has

delivered strong performance and has further propelled the

Company’s vision of evolving and continuous growth. He

has been able to successfully navigate the Company through

the uncertainties posed by the situation around COVID – 19

pandemic driven by the singular passion of delivering value

to the customers.

Considering his expertise in the Company’s businesses,

exceptional leadership, experience and based on the

recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, the Board of Directors considered the re –

appointment of Mr. Aditya Jajodia as the Managing Director

in the interest of the Company and recommends the resolution

as set out in Item No. 4 of this Notice for approval of the

members.

The statement of particulars as per Part B of Section II of Part

II of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 is provided as

“Annexure” to this Notice.

The other terms and conditions of re-appointment as drafted

in the agreement entered into with the

Managing Director in terms of Section

164 of the Act.

Other than Mr. Aditya Jajodia and his relatives, none of the

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, or their relatives, in

any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise,

except to the extent of their respective shareholding in the

Company, if any, in the proposed Special Resolution as set

out in Item No. 4 of this Notice.

The Board of Directors recommends the Resolution as set out

in Item No. 4 of this Notice for approval by the members of

the Company.

Item No. 5

Shri Aditya Jajodia,: Managing

Managing Director

manages the entire

affairs of the Company

and its projects

including

procurement

strategies, production,

planning, sales,

working capital

management, finance

& general

administration.

Shri Sanjiv Jajodia has

expertise in Corporate

Finance, Accounts,

Taxation, Corporate

Governance, Statutory

Compliance, Planning,

System & Procedures,

Audit, Internal and

Statutory Audit and

Control. He has been

instrumental in

shaping the corporate

profile of the

Company and in

establishing the

Company as a major

Corporate House in

the steel sector.

Shri Rajiv Jajodia has

expertise in the field of

logistics, human

resource and operation

management and

control. He helped the

company tap it’s

potential and enabled

it to grow and expand

phenomenally to what

we know it as today.

Shri Gaurav Jajodia

has expertise in

Strategic Planning

and System &

Procedures. He has

been instrumental

in shaping the

corporate profile of

the Company.

3) Recognition or

awards

Shri Aditya Jajodia is

well known among

industry circle as a

highly successful

entrepreneur.

Shri Sanjiv Jajodia is

known among

industry circle

as a successful

entrepreneur

Shri Rajiv Jajodia is

well known among

industry circle as a

dynamic entrepreneur

Shri Gaurav Jajodia is

well known among

industry circle as a

young successful

entrepreneur

5) Remuneration

proposed

Rs. 8,50,000 per month

(more particularly

described in the

agreement dated 27th

May, 2022.

Rs. 7,00,000 per month

(more particularly

described in the

agreement dated

13thAugust, 2022.

Rs. 7,00,000 per month

(more particularly

described in the

agreement dated

13thAugust, 2022.

Rs. 7,00,000 per month

(more particularly

described in the

agreement dated

13thAugust, 2022.

The remuneration proposed is commensurate with the growth in turnover

and profits of the Company and in line with the industry benchmarks.

6) Comparative

remuneration

profile with respect

to industry, size of

the Company,

profile of position

and person:

letter etc. together with attested

specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory

who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to

the Company at the email address viz;

jaibalaji@jaibalajigroup.com, if they have voted from

individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e-

voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.

IV. INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS

ATTENDING THE AGM/EGM THROUGH VC/OAVM

& E-VOTING DURING MEETING ARE AS UNDER:

1) The procedure for attending meeting & e-Voting on

the day of the AGM/ EGM is same as the instructions

mentioned above for e-voting.

2) The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be

available where the EVSN of Company will be

displayed after successful login as per the instructions

mentioned above for e-voting.

3) Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-

Voting will be eligible to attend the meeting. However,

they will not be eligible to vote at the AGM/EGM.

4) Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting

through Laptops / IPads for better experience.

5) Further shareholders will be required to allow Camera

and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any

disturbance during the meeting.

6) Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile

Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via

Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss

due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is

therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN

Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

7) Shareholders who would like to express their

views/ask questions during the meeting may register

themselves as a speaker by sending their request in

advance atleast 7 days prior to meeting mentioning

their name, demat account number/folio number,

email id, mobile number at (company email id). The

shareholders who do not wish to speak during the

AGM but have queries may send their queries in

advance 7 days prior to meeting mentioning their

name, demat account number/folio number, email

id, mobile number at jaibalaji@jaibalajigroup.com.

These queries will be replied to by the company

suitably by email.

8) Those shareholders who have registered themselves

as a speaker will only be allowed to express their

views/ask questions during the meeting.

9) Only those shareholders, who are present in the

AGM/EGM through VC/OAVM facility and have

not casted their vote on the Resolutions through:

Managing Director of the Company in

accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 and the rules made there under (including any

statutory modification or re-enactment thereof) and

subject to approval of the members and such other

authorities as may be required, for a further period of 5

(five) years commencing from 22nd day of July, 2022 and

approved the terms and conditions of his re-appointment.

The Board of Directors of the Company at its

meeting held on 13th August, 2022 has approved the

following appointment/re-appointment based on:

Managing Director

(DIN : 00045114)

Place: Kolkata

Date: 13th August, 2022:

letter of appointment stating the

requisite details as per the requirements of schedule IV

of the Companies Act, 2013;

l

The Independent Directors shall be appointed for a fixed

term of upto five years or such lesser term as may be

decided mutually between the Board and the Directors

and shall be eligible for re-appointment for a further term

of upto five years on passing a special resolution by the

Company.Further, no Independent Director shall hold

office for more than two consecutive terms. However,

they shall be eligible for re-appointment after the

expiration of cooling period of three years of ceasing to

become an Independent Director;

l

The Independent Directors shall be responsible for

complying with the duties as specified under section 166

of the Companies Act, 2013. Further, their liabilities shall

also be limited to the respective provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there under;

l

Independent Directors shall be expected to ensure

compliance with the Code of Conduct as laid down by

the Company;

l

Independent Directors shall be paid sitting fees subject

to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules

made there under as well as the terms of this policy.

Remuneration

The committee shall:

l

meet at least once in a year.

l

ensure that the quorum of either two members or one

third of the members of the committee, whichever is

greater, including at least one independent director is

present.

l

ensure that the compensation to the Board, KMP and

other senior management employees is reasonable and

sufficient to attract, retain and motivate quality directors

and KMPs;

l

approve any significant changes in the executive director’s

contract;

l

determine payment of sitting fees for directors for

attending meetings of the Board;

l

ensure that there is balance between fixed pay and

incentive based pay (if any) in the remuneration to be

paid to the Directors, KMPs and other senior management

employees.

Director Remuneration

The Company may pay remuneration by way of salary,

perquisites and allowances (fixed component) and commission

(variable component) to Managing and Whole-time Directors.

Salary shall be paid within the range approved by the

Shareholders. Commission, if any, shall be calculated with

reference to net profits of the Company in a particular financial

year and shall be determined by the Board of Directors at the

end of the financial year based on the recommendations of

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, subject to

overall ceilings stipulated in Sections 197 read with Schedule

V of the Companies Act, 2013.

Non-executive Director Remuneration

The non-executive directors shall be paid sitting fees for

attending meetings of the Board based on the limits prescribed

under the Companies Act, 2013.

Senior Management Remuneration

The salary of other senior management employees shall be

competitive and based on the individual’s qualification,

experience, responsibilities and performance and shall be

governed by the HR policy of the Company.

Determining criteria for performance evaluation of the

Board and Individual Directors

The Board shall evaluate its own performance based on the

following criteria:

l

Composition of the Board in compliance with the

Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;

l

Frequency of meetings held during the year and matters

taken up thereat;

l

Ability of the Board to take uniform decisions for the

betterment of the Company taking into consideration the

individual views of all the Directors comprising it;

l

Its wisdom and judgement to help the Company prosper;

l

Ability of the Board to evaluate risk and devise suitable

measures to mitigate them etc.

The Board shall evaluate the performance of individual

directors (including independent directors) based on the

following criteria:

l

Attendance of the individual directors and level of

participation at the meetings of the Board and committees

thereof and the general meetings;

l

Contribution in long term strategic planning;

l

Professional conduct and independence;

l

Level of commitment etc.

The above list is illustrative.

Such performance evaluation of Directors (including

independent directors) shall be done by the entire Board of

Directors (excluding the director being evaluated).

In case of Independent Director, the Board shall determine

whether to extend or continue the term of appointment

of the Independent Director on the basis of the report

of performance evaluation carried by the Board.

In addition to the above, the Board shall also evaluate the

performance of various Board level Committees.

33

Annual Report 2021-22

Jai Balaji Industries Limited:

Managing Director, wherever applicable.

5.

Does the company have a

specified committee of the

Board/ Director/ Official to

oversee the implementation of

the policy?

The BR initiatives are normally led by the Whole-time Director in conjunction

with the CSR Committee and overall supervision of the Board of Directors.

6.

Indicate the link for the policy

to be viewed online?

During the year under review, the BR initiatives governed by various

Policies (such as Code of conduct, Whistle blower policy, Corporate Social

Responsibility Policy, Policy on Prevention of Sexual Harassment of Women

at the Workplace, Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure

etc.). These policies can be viewed at: www.jaibalajigroup.com on the

Company’s website.

7.

Has the policy been formally

communicated to all relevant

internal and external

stakeholders?

The internal stakeholders have been made aware of the policies. Policies

are distributed to all HODs for wide circulation. External Stakeholders are

communicated to the extent applicable and relevant. The mandatory policies

are also updated on the website of the Company.

8.

Does the company have in-

house structure to implement

the policy/ policies.

Yes, the CSR Committee of the Board of Directors looks after the

implementation of the policies.

9.

Does the Company have a

grievance redressal mechanism

related to the policy/ policies to

address stakeholders’ grievances

related to the policy/ policies?

The Whistle Blower Policy lays down guidelines for reporting of

protected disclosures by employees, Directors & other stakeholders. An

Investor grievance mechanism is in place to respond to investor grievance.

Any grievance or feedback related to the policies can be sent to

jaibalaji@jaibalajigroup.com. The CSR Committee of the Board of Directors

is responsible for addressing stakeholder concerns related to BR policies.

10.

Has the company carried out

independent audit/ evaluation

of the working of this policy by

an internal or external agency?

The BR policy is evaluated internally. The policies and practices at the

Company are subject to internal audit and/or review from time to time,

wherever necessary.:

Managing Director

DIN : 00045114

Place: Kolkata

Date: 13th August, 2022

41

Annual Report 2021-22

Jai Balaji Industries Limited

l

Use of LED Lighting in place of Conventional Light.

l

Introduced drives in various area.

l

Implemented various measures as per energy audit

report.

The emissions and waste generated by the Company are

monitored at regular intervals and are within the permissible

limits.

There were no pending or unresolved show cause/legal

notices from CPCB/SPCB, as at 31st March 2022.

Principle 7- Policy Advocacy

Your Company’s collaborations with industrial/commercial

associations and academia demonstrates its approach towards

addressing sustainability challenges faced by the society.

Your Company aims to create an environment that encourages

supportive deliberations made in a responsible way. The

Company has its representation in several business and

industrial associations/chambers such as Indian Chamber

of Commerce, Bengal National Chamber of Commerce and

Industry, Bharat Chamber of Commerce etc.

The Company is in touch with various trade organization/

associations for improvement of various economic and social

policies.

Principle 8 - Inclusive Growth

Your Company’s inclusive growth approach focuses on

improving the livelihoods of employees and their families,

supporting small-scale retailers and helping young

entrepreneurs. The Company is committed towards social

inclusion and equitable development of communities. The

initiative encompasses environment, health, education,

sustainable livelihood etc. An entity has to work closely

with its ecosystem to create a sustainable & inclusive growth

for all.

The endeavour continues towards improving the Quality of

Life of the employees and motivating them to deliver their

best. The process of empowerment of employees includes

learning and development, sharing of common goals and

vision with the Management and real commitment to achieve

the goals. The Company’s philosophy focuses on acquisition

of skills relating to international qualities of economic, political,

and social development. In order to curb down the negative

impacts of diversity of Human Resources Management, your

Company has adopted practices and policies enabling its

employees to face the challenges of fast paced industrialization

and globalization of business.

The company has incurred losses during the three immediately

preceding financial years, therefore expending on CSR

activities is not applicable on the Company during the

F.Y.2021-22. However, Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

and Sustainable Development has always been one of the

leading priorities of the Company and the Company continues

to undertake a wide range of CSR activities to contribute

towards welfare and betterment of the society. Therefore, as

a good corporate practice and for better governance, the

Company shall continue to strive towards spending for CSR

the way it has been doing in past year for inclusive growth

and equitable development of the community at large.

Principle 9- Customer Value

Understanding the customer needs is a key step in the

Company’s endeavour towards developing an efficient

product stewardship programme. The Company ensures that

utmost care is taken towards customer safety throughout the

life cycle of the product.

The product quality is governed by the Bureau of Indian

Standards (BIS) and the Company complies with all statutory

requirements mandated by the Bureau of Indian Standards

(BIS), Weights and Measures norms. The Company adheres

to all compliance of product information.

There was no case filed by any stakeholder against the

Company regarding unfair trade practices, irresponsible

advertising and /or anti-competitive behaviour during

the last five years and hence, there were no pending cases

as at the end of the Financial Year 31st March, 2022.

Customer satisfaction is your Company’s goal, driving it to

ensure its products deliver performance that continually

meets customer requirements. To understand customers

better, the Company follows several modes of engagement

such as customer surveys, direct feedback, visits by managers

/plant personnel etc. These modes help your Company to

understand customer requirements, satisfaction levels and

expectations. The Company also conducts one-to-one meetings

with customers on need basis in order to enable efficient

communication and redressal of customers’ grievances,

if any.:

Managing Director

Sd/-

CFO

Sd/-

Audit Committee Chairman

Sd/-

Statutory Auditor

Sd/-

Place: Kolkata

Date: 27th May 2022

Annexure – A

Details of Audit Qualification

1.

Attention is drawn to Note No. 8 (Eight) of the Audited Financial Statement, with regard to non-recognition of interest expense on

borrowings of the Company. During the quarter ended and year ended March 31st, 2022, the company has not provided for interest

amounting to Rs.7,514.82 lacs and Rs. 29,938.85 lacs respectively during the quarter and year ended March 31st, 2022, which is not in

accordance with the requirement of Ind AS 23: ‘Borrowing Cost’ read with Ind AS 109: ‘Financial Instruments’. Due to this, profit for the

quarter ended and year ended March 31st, 2022 has been overstated by Rs. 7,514.82 lacs and Rs. 29,938.85 lacs respectively. Therefore,

the net loss after tax would have been Rs. 6,852.31 lacs for the quarter and Rs. 25,132.30 lacs foryear ended. The accumulated interest not

provided till March 31st, 2022 stands at Rs. 1,57,680.94 lacs.

2.

Attention is drawn to Note No. 6 (Six) of Audited Financial Results which states that the company has entered into One Time Settlement

with Canara Bank resulting in a gain of Rs 2,070.11 lacs which was credited to Capital Reserve.

Management's Views in seriatim

1.

The secured lenders of the Company have mostly assigned their debts to various ARC’s or settled through one time settlement scheme.

The debt acquired by Edelweiss Assets Reconstruction CompanyLimited has already been restructured and subsequent repayment has

been started. The Company is in active discussion/negotiation with Omkara Assets Reconstruction Private Limited for restructuring of

debt which has been assigned to them. The rest of the debts have been settled through OTS. In view of the above. the Companyhas

stopped providing interest in books but continues to accumulate separately. The accumulate interest not provided till 31st March, 2022

is estimated at Rs. 1,57,680.94 lacs. The statutory auditors have qualified their Audit Report in respect of this matter.

2.

The management has credited the gain in Carana bank One Time Settlement through capital reserve based on the opinion given in the

Supreme Court ruling in the case of Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd (TS-220-SC-2018) and similar decisions by various high courts subsequent

to the above case.:

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure – I which forms an integral part of

this report.

44

Annual Report 2021-22

Jai Balaji Industries Limited

a) The Mines Act, 1952 and the rules, regulations made

there-under.

b) Mines and Minerals (Development & Regulation)

Act, 1957 and the rules made there-under.

We have also examined compliance with the applicable

clauses of the Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute

of Company Secretaries of India.

During the period under review, the Company has generally

complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations,

Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above except that under

Regulation 33(3)(a) of Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 the unaudited financial results for the quarter ended 30th

September, 2021 was submitted to stock Exchanges on 15th

November, 2021 with a delay of 1 (one) day.

We further report that:

a)

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted

with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-

Executive Directors and Independent Directors. There

has been no changes in the composition of the Board of

Directors during the period under review.

b)

Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the

Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda

Place: Kolkata

Date: 13 th August, 2022

UDIN: A017190D000791700

For MKB & Associates

Company Secretaries

FRN No.: P2010WB042700

Sd/-

Raj Kumar Banthia

Partner

Membership No.: 17190

COP No.: 18428

ANNEXURE - 1

To,

The Members,

JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management’s

Representation about the compliance of Laws, Rules,

Regulations, Guidelines and Directions and happening

events, etc.

5.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place: Kolkata

Date: 13 th August, 2022

UDIN: A017190D000791700

For MKB & Associates

Company Secretaries

FRN No.: P2010WB042700

Sd/-

Raj Kumar Banthia

Partner

Membership No.: 17190

COP No.: 18428

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

It is management’s responsibility to identify the Laws,

Rules, Regulations, Guidelines and Directions which are

applicable to the Company depending upon the industry

in which it operates and to comply and maintain those

records with same in letter and in spirit. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on those records based on our

audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records.

The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe

that the process and practices we followed provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of the financial records and the Books of Accounts of the

Company.

Managing Director

in the financial year 2021-22. The remuneration of the Company Secretary has been increased by 6.23 % in the financial

year under review.

iii) The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year:

Median remuneration of employees in the financial year has been increased by 11.09%.

iv) The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company:

There were 3063 employees on the rolls of the Company as on 31st March, 2022.

v)

Average percentage increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last

financial year and its comparison with the percentage increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof

and exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration if any:

Average percentage increase made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last financial

year was 23.96% whereas average increase in the managerial remuneration was 12.77%. The salary increase is based on

compensation philosophy of the organisation which takes into account internal as well as external factors.

There are no exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration.

vi) It is hereby confirmed that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company.

Name

Ratio of remuneration of each

Director to median

remuneration of employees

Shri Aditya Jajodia,: Managing

Managing Director)

Shri Sanjiv Jajodia

Promoter Executive Director (Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer)

Shri Rajiv Jajodia

Promoter Non-Executive Director

Shri Gaurav Jajodia

Promoter Non-Executive Director

Shri Bimal Kumar Choudhary

Executive Director

Shri Shailendra Kumar Tamotia

Non-Executive Independent Director

Shri AshimKumar Mukherjee

Non-Executive Independent Director

Smt. Seema Chowdhury

Non-Executive Independent Woman Director

Smt. Rakhi Bajoria

Non-Executive Independent Woman Director

Smt. Swati Bajaj

Non-Executive Independent Woman Director

Name of Directors

Category

Company has appointed Ms. Puja Sharma (DIN - 06852209) as Additional Director (Category: Non-Executive

Independent Woman Director) w.e.f 31st March, 2015.

Ms. Puja Sharma has resigned from the Board w.e.f. 11th April, 2015. Ms. Swati Agarwal (DIN - 07158355), Ms.

Seema Choudhary (DIN - 07158338) and Ms. Rakhi Jain (DIN - 07161473) have been appointed as Additional

Directors (Category: Non-Executive Independent Woman Director) w.e.f. 17th April, 2015.

All the Independent Directors fulfil the criteria of independence in terms of section 149 of the Companies Act,

2013 and clause 49(II)(B) of the Listing Agreement and have filed their consent and other relevant declarations

under section 149, 164 of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder as well as the Listing Agreement.

A Formal: Letter setting out the terms and conditions of appointment has been issued to all the Independent

Managing Director.Such programmes / presentations

provide an opportunity to the Independent Directors to

interact with the Senior Management of the Company

and help them to understand the Company's strategy,

business model, operations, service and product offerings,

markets, organization structure, finance, human resources,

technology, quality, facilities and risk management and

such other areas as may arise from time to time.

The Independent Directors were made aware and updated

on the various operations carried on by the Company

during the year and about the recent amendments notified

by MCA.

The IDs have in terms of Section 150 of the Act read with

Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment & Qualification

of Directors) Rules, 2014, confirmed that they have enrolled

themselves in the Independent Directors’ Databank

maintained with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs

along with the declaration given under sub-section (7) of

section 149 of the Companies Act.

Apart from the induction programme, the Company also

update the Independent Directors at the Board/

Committeemeetings to familiarise the Directors with the

Company’sstrategy, their rights and responsibilities ,

business performance, operations, finance, risk

management framework, human resources andother

related matters.

The details on the Company's Familiarisation Programme

imparted to Independent Directors can be accessed at

https://jaibalajigroup.com/familiarization-programmes-

imparted-to-independent-directors/

n

Independent director databank registration

The IDs have in terms of Section 150 of the Act read with

Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment & Qualification

of Directors) Rules, 2014, confirmed that they have enrolled

themselves in the Independent Directors’ Databank

maintained with the Indian Institute of Corporate

Affairs.

3.

BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board Committees play a vital role in strengthening

the Corporate Governance practices and focus effectively

on the issues and ensure expedient resolution of the

diverse matters. The idea behind the Committees of the

Board is to tap the specific talents, skills and knowledge

of individual directors to inform and educate the full

board on particular areas of concern. The Committees

also make specific recommendations to the Board on

various matters when required. All observations,

recommendations and decisions of the Committees are

placed before the Board for information or for approval.

As on 31st March, 2022, the Company had following

committees - Audit Committee, Nomination &

Remuneration Committee (formerly Remuneration

Committee), Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

(formerly Share Transfer Cum Investors’ Grievance

Committee), Corporate Social Responsibility Committee,

Management (Finance) Committee, Risk Management

Committee and Internal Complaints Committee.

Pursuant to the recent amendment in SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations

vide Circular No.SEBI/LAD-NRO/GN/2021/22 dated

5th May, 2021 the requirement of constituting a risk

management committee and compliance of Regulation

21 of SEBI LODR becomes applicable on our:

Managing Director and Shri Sanjiv

Jajodia, Whole-time Director of the Company are Promoter

Executive Directors. The terms and conditions of their

appointment are as per the resolutions passed by the

Board and Shareholders of the Company.

The tenure of the office of Shri Aditya Jajodia is for a

period of 5 years w.e.f. 22nd July,2017 till 21st July, 2022.

Accordingly the Board members at their meeting held

on 27th May, 2022 has approved re-appointment of

Shri Aditya Jajodia for further period of five years with

effect from 22nd July, 2022 till 21st July, 2027, subject to

approval of shareholders.

The tenure of the office of Shri Sanjiv Jajodia is for a period

of 5(five) years with effect from 30th June, 2018 till

29th June, 2023. Accordingly, the Board members at their

meeting held on 13th August, 2022 has approved re-

appointment of Shri Sanjiv Jajodia for further period of

three years w.e.f 30th June, 2023 till 29th June, 2026 subject

to approval of the shareholders.

The Board has appointed Shri Bimal Kumar Choudhary

as the Executive Director of the Company for a period of

3(three) years w.e.f 15th September, 2020 till 14th

September, 2023 as per the terms and conditions that

are mentioned in the Agreement which is entered

between the Company and Shri Bimal Kumar Choudhary.

No remuneration was drawn by any Executive Director

during the year 2021-22.

There is no separate provision for notice period & payment

of severance fees. The Company does not have any scheme

for grant of Stock Options to its Directors, Managing

Directors or other employees.

l

Non-Executive Directors:

Non- Executive Directors are not entitled to any

remuneration apart from the sitting fees for attending

meetings of the Board. At present no sitting fees is paid

for attending Committee meetings. The Company also

reimburses the out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the

Directors for attending meetings. The Company pays

sitting fee to its non-executive Directors as permissible

under the Companies Act, 2013.

The details of sitting fees (including TDS) paid to the Non -

Executive Directors for the financial year 2021-22 are

as follows:

The Non-Executive Directors do not have any other

pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company.

The number of equity shares of the company held by the

Non-Executive Directors as on 31st March, 2022 is as follows:

All other Non-Executive Directors excluding the above do

not hold any shares or convertible instruments of the Company

as on 31st March, 2022.

Particulars

Sitting Fees

(including TDS)

Shri Rajiv Jajodia

20,000

Shri Gaurav Jajodia

20,000

Shri Shailendra Kumar Tamotia

20,000

Smt. Seema Chowdhury

20,000

Smt. Rakhi Bajoria

20,000

Shri Ashim Kumar Mukherjee

20,000

Smt. Swati Bajaj

20,000

Total

1,40,000

( )

Name

No. of Shares held

in the Company

Shri Rajiv Jajodia

1,568,333

Shri Gaurav Jajodia

119,666:

Managing Director of the Company confirmed

compliance with the Code by all members of the Board

and the Senior Management personnel and forms part

of this Annual Report.

F

Insider Trading

In order to regulate trading in securities of the Company

by the Directors and designated employees, your

Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for trading

inlisted or proposed to be listed securities of the Company.

Insider Trading Code prevents misuse of unpublished

price sensitive information and it also provides

forperiodical disclosures and obtaining pre-clearance

fortrading in securities of your Company by the Directors,

Designated Employees and Connected Persons of your

Company. Pursuant to SEBI (Prohibition of Insider

Trading) Regulations, 2015 and amendments thereto, the

Company has adopted Policy for Legitimate purposes

forming part of the Company’s Code of Practices

and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished

Price Sensitive Information as effective from 1st

April, 2019. This Code is displayed on the

Company’s websiteviz www.jaibaljigroup.com under

the weblink https://jaibalajigroup.com/wp-

content/uploads/2021/02/code-of-practices-and-procedures-

for-fair-disclosure-of-unpublished-price-sensitive-

information.pdf

The Company follows highest standards of transparency

and fairness in dealing with all stakeholders and ensures

that no insider shall use his or her position with or

without the knowledge of the Company to gain personal

benefit or to provide benefit to any third party. The policy

adopted on this by the Company is available on the

website of the Company viz www.jaibaljigroup.com

under the https://jaibalajigroup.com/wp-

content/uploads/2021/02/policy-for-insider-trading.pdf

F

Management Discussion and Analysis Report

Pursuant to Regulation 34 of the Listing Regulations, a

detailed report on Management Discussion and Analysis

forms a part of Directors Report.

F

Subsidiary Companies

The Company has two wholly owned subsidiaries viz:

a)

Jai Balaji Steels (Purulia) Limited; and

b) Jai Balaji Energy (Purulia) Limited.

Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 and other applicable regulations, the followings

are duly complied with:

a)

The Audit Committee reviews the financial statements

and in particular, the investments made by the

unlisted subsidiary.

b) Copy of the Minutes of the Board Meetings of the

unlisted subsidiaries are annexed as part of detailed

agenda and are placed at the meeting of the Board

of Directors of the Company.

c)

A Statement containing significant transactions and

arrangements entered into by the unlisted subsidiary,

if any, is placed before the Company’s Board.

The Board of directors of the Company has formulated

a policy for determining material subsidiaries which is

in line with the requirement of Regulation 16(c) of

the Listing Regulations and the same is hosted

on the website of the Company under the

w e b l i n k h t t p s : / / j a i b a l a j i g r o u p . c o m / w p -

content/uploads/2021/02/policy-on-determining-

material-subsidiaries.pdf

F

CEO and CFO Certification

Shri Aditya Jajodia, Chairman and: Managing Director

and Shri Sanjiv Jajodia, Whole-time Director and Chief

Financial Officer of the Company gave annual certification

on financial reporting and internal control System to the

Board in terms of Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations as per the format specified in Part B of

Schedule II of the Listing Regulations. The annual

certificate given by the

Managing Director

of the Company is an Executive Chairperson.

D

Shareholder rights

The Quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results

of the Company as reviewed by the Audit Committee

and then approved by the Board of Directors and

all the significant events of the Company

were submitted to the Stock Exchanges and

updated on the website of the Company viz.

www.jaibalajigroup.com under the weblink

https://jaibalajigroup.com/financial-results/

D

Modified opinion(s) in audit report

The report of the Statutory Auditors on standalone

and Consolidated Financial Statements for the year

under review forms part of the Annual Report and

contains a qualification, the details of which are

mentioned in the Directors report.

D

Reporting of Internal Auditor

The Internal Auditor directly reports to the Audit

Committee.

D

Other Compliances

V

The Board of Directors quarterly reviews

the compliances and laws as applicable to the

Company. They also have in place plans for

orderly succession for appointment to the

Board of Directors and Senior Management.

D

Submission of Corporate Governance Report

The Corporate Governance Report pursuant to

Regulation 27 of the Listing Regulations for each

quarter for the financial year 2021-22 was duly

submitted to the Stock Exchanges within the

stipulated time period.

1.

Means of Communication

F

Quarterly Financial Results

Prior intimation of Board Meetings in which Unaudited/

Audited Financial Results of the Company was

considered, approved and wereintimated to the Stock

Exchanges and also disseminated on the website of the

Company at “www.jaibalajigroup.com”. The aforesaid

Financial Results are immediately intimated to the Stock

Exchanges, after the same is approved at the Board

Meeting. In terms of Regulation 10 of the Listing

Regulations, the Company complies with the online filing

requirements on electronic platforms of BSE Limited

(BSE) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited

(NSE) viz. BSE Corporate Listing Centre and NSE

Electronic Application Processing System (NEAPS),

respectively.

F

Newspapers wherein results are normally published

The financial results and other publications of the

Company are published in “The Financial Express”,

(English Newspaper) and “Ek Din” (Vernacular

Newspaperas per Regulation 47 of the Listing Regulations

and other applicable provisions.

F

Website

Pursuant to Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the

Company’s website www.jaibalajigroup.com contains

a separate dedicated section ‘Investor Relations’ which

is a comprehensive reference containing the up-to-date

financial results, annual reports, shareholding

patterns,Company’s policies, material disclosures, official

news releases, presentations made to institutional

investors or to the analysts, if any and other general

information about the Company.

SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES):

SCORES is a web-based complaint redress system where

the investor grievances received are handled. The

pertinent features include: Centralised database of all

complaints, online upload of Action Taken Reports

(ATRs) by concerned companies and online viewing by

investors of actions taken on the complaint and its current

status.

Contact information of the designated official responsible

for assisting and handling Investor Complaints is detailed

hereunder:

The Company Secretary

Jai Balaji Industries Limited

5, Bentinck Street,

Kolkata - 700 001

Phone No.: (91)(33) 22489808

E-mail: jaibalaji@jaibalajigroup.com:

Letter of Confirmation to the concerned

shareholder for submission to DP within 120 days from the

Promoter and Promoter Group Holding

Indian

17

5,63,04,046

50.98

Foreign

0

NIL

NIL

Total Promoter Shareholding (A)

17

5,63,04,046

50.98

Category

As a % age of

A+B+C

No. of shares

held

No. of

Shareholders

A.

Public Holding

Institutions

10

38,28,125

3.47

Non-Institutions

12,028

5,03,18,115

45.56

Total Public Shareholding (B)

12,038

5,41,46,240

49.03

Shares held by Custodian & against which Depository

receipts have been issued (C)

NIL

NIL

NIL

Grand Total (A+B+C)

12,055

11,04,50,286

100.00

B.

C.

Range of ordinary shares held

No. of Shares

Percentage (%)

to share capital

No. of

Shareholders

DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDING AS ON 31st MARCH, 2022

Percentage (%)

to total shareholders

Up

to

500

10,151

84.2057

10,17,218

0.9210

501

to

1000

774

6.4206

6,43,796

0.5829

1001

to

2,000

449

3.7246

6,88,829

0.6237

2001

to

3000

158

1.3107

3,98,011

0.3604

3001

to

4000

73

0.6056

2,59,578

0.2350

4001

to

5000

59

0.4894

2,78,216

0.2519

5001

to

10000

139

1.1530

10,48,186

0.9490

10001

and

above

252

2.0904

10,61,16,452

96.0762

Total

12,055

100.00

11,04,50,286

100.00

date of issue of: Letter of Confirmation for dematerialistion

of shares. In case shareholder fails to submit the demat

request within the aforesaid period, the RTA shall credit the

shares to Suspense Escrow Demat Account of the Company.

The summary of investor complaints, dematerialisation

/rematerialisation/corporate action and transfer/transmission

of shares are placed before the Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee of the Company periodically.

The Company obtains from a Company Secretary in practice,

a yearly certificate under Regulation 40(9) of the Listing

Regulations and files the same with the stock exchanges.

Also, pursuant to Regulation 76 of SEBI (Depositories and

Participants) Regulations, 2018, certification is issued by a

Company Secretary in practice regarding dematerialisation

of the shares of the Company.

Managing Director

DIN: 00045114

Sd/-

Sanjiv Jajodia

Whole-time Director &

Chief Financial Officer

DIN: 00036339

For and on behalf of the Board:

Managing Director

01.07.1999

2.

00036339

Mr. Sanjiv Jajodia

Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer

31.05.2002

3.

00045192

Mr. Rajiv Jajodia

Non-Executive Director

01.07.1999

4.

00028560

Mr. Gaurav Jajodia

Non-Executive Director

20.09.2013

5.

08879262

Mr. Bimal Kumar Choudhary

Executive Director

15.09.2020

6.

01419527

Mr. Shailendra Kumar Tamotia

Independent Director

15.05.2013

7.

00047844

Mr. Ashim Kumar Mukherjee

Independent Director

02.12.2015

.8

07158338

Mrs. Seema Chowdhury

Independent Director

17.04.2015

9.

07161473

Mrs. Rakhi Bajoria

Independent Director

17.04.2015

10.

01180085

Mrs. Swati Bajaj

Independent Director

13.08.2018

We further certify that none of the aforesaid Directors on the Board of the Company for the financial year ended on 31 March

2022 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companiesby the Securities and

Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.

Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment/continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of themanagement

of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. Thiscertificate is neither an

assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectivenesswith which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.:

Managing Director

CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LTD.

To

The Members,

Jai Balaji Industries Limited

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED (‘‘the

Company”) for the year ended on 31st March, 2022, as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation

46(2) and Para C and D of Schedule V tothe Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the Listing Regulations).

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. Our examination

has been limited to a review of the procedures and implementation thereof adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance

with the conditions of the Corporate Governance as stipulated in the saidClauses and/or Regulations. It is neither an audit

nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

In our opinion and to the best of our knowledge, information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the

representations made by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2) and Para C and D of Schedule V

of the Listing Regulations.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place : Kolkata

Date : 13th August, 2022

UDIN: A017190D000791744

For MKB & Associates

Company Secretaries

Firm Reg No.: P2010WB042700

Sd/-

Raj Kumar Banthia

Partner

Membership No.: 17190

COP No.: 18428:

Managing Director and Sanjiv Jajodia, Chief Financial Officer of Jai Balaji Industries Limited

(hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), certify that:

1.

We have reviewed the Financial Statements and the Cash Flow Statementof the Company, for the financial year ended 31st

March, 2022 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

i.

the aforesaid statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements

that might be misleading;

ii. theaforesaid statements togetherpresent a true and fair view of the Company’s affairsand are in compliance with the

existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

2.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year are fraudulent,

illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct;

3.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated

the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company and we have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit

Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the step

that we have taken or propose to take to rectify the identified deficiencies;

4.

That we have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:

i.

Significant changes, if any, in the internal control over financial reporting during the year;

ii. Significant changes, if any, in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes

to the financial statements and;

iii. Instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvements therein, if any, of the management

or an employee having a significant role in the company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

To,

The Board of Directors,

Jai Balaji Industries Limited,

Sd/-

Aditya Jajodia

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

DIN : 00045114:

Managing Director and the CFO.

l.

Cash and bank balances

Cash and bank balances consists of:

1.

Cash and cash Equivalent

Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet

comprise cash on hand and in bank and short term

deposits with an original maturity of three months,

which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes:

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjiv Jajodia, Wholetime Director and Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Ajay Kumar Tantia, Company Secretary

Relatives of Key Management

Mr. Rajiv Jajodia, Brother of Wholetime Director

Personnel

Mr. Gaurav Jajodia, Nephew of Wholetime Director

Enterprises owned or

Chandi Steel Industries Limited (CSIL)

significantly influenced by

Jai Balaji Jyoti Steels Limited (JBJSL)

key management personnel

Jai Salasar Balaji Industries Private Limited (JSBIPL)

or their relatives

Balaji Ispat Udyog (BIU)

Enfield Suppliers Limited (ESL)

Hari Management Limited (HML)

Jajodia Estate Private Limited (JEPL)

43. Earnings per share (EPS) :

The following reflects the profit and share data used in the basic and diluted EPS computations :

Sl

Current year

Previous year

No.

ended March 31, 2022

ended March 31, 2021

A.

Profit/(Loss) after Tax

in lacs

4,806.55

(7,581.88)

B.

Number of shares at the beginning of the year

Nos.

11,04,50,286

11,04,50,286

C.

Total equity shares outstanding at the end of the year

Nos.

11,04,50,286

11,04,50,286

D.

Weighted average number of equity shares

Nos.

11,04,50,286

11,04,50,286

outstanding at the end of the year

E.

Nominal Value of each Share

10.00

10.00

F.

Basic Earning per Share

4.35

(6.86)

G.

Diluted Earning per Share

4.35

(6.86)

Particulars:

Managing Director, and the CFO.

l.

Cash and bank balances

Cash and bank balances consist of:

1.

Cash and cash equivalent

Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet

comprise cash on hand and in bank and short term

deposits with an original maturity of three months,

which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes

in value. For the purpose of the statement of cash

flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on

hand, in banks and short term deposits with an

original maturity of three months net of outstanding

bank overdrafts as they are considered integral part

of the company’s cash management.

2.

Other bank balances

This includes balances and deposits with bank that

are restricted for withdrawal and usage having

maturity of more than three years extending upto

twelve years.

m.

Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition,

construction or production of qualifying assets that

necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready

for its intended use or sale are capitalized as part of the

cost of the asset. All other borrowing costs are expensed

in the period in which they occur. Borrowing costs consist

of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in

connection with the borrowing of funds. Borrowing cost

also includes exchange differences to the extent regarded

as an adjustment to the interest costs.

n.

Leases

As a lessee

A lease is classified at the inception date as a finance

lease or an operating lease. A lease that transfers

substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to

ownership to the company is classified as a finance lease.

Finance Leases

Assets held under finance leases are recognised as assets

at their fair value at the inception of the lease or, if lower,

at the present value of the minimum lease payments.

The corresponding liability to the lessor is included in

the statement of financial position as a finance lease

obligation. Lease payments are apportioned between

finance charges and reduction of the lease obligation so

as to achieve a constant rate of interest on the remaining

balance of the liability. Finance charges are charged to

the statement of financial performance.:

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjiv Jajodia, Wholetime Director and Chief Financial Officer

Mr Ajay Kumar Tantia, Company Secretary

Mr. Rajiv Jajodia, Brother of Wholetime Director

Mr. Gaurav Jajodia, Nephew of Wholetime Director

Chandi Steel Industries Limited (CSIL)

Jai Balaji Jyoti Steels Limited (JBJSL)

Jai Salasar Balaji Industries Private Limited (JSBIPL)

Balaji Ispat Udyog (BIU)

Enfield Suppliers Limited (ESL)

Hari Management Limited (HML)

Jajodia Estate Private Limited (JEPL)

Key Management Personnel

Relatives of Key

Management Personnel

Enterprises owned or

significantly influenced by

key management

personnel or their relatives:

