Managing Director of the Company and in this

regard, pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197,

198 and 203 read with Schedule V and all other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules,

2014, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory

modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force),

Articles of Association of the Company and subject to such approvals

as may be required and based on the recommendation of Nomination

and Remuneration Committee and Board of Directors, approval of

the members be and is hereby accorded for the appointment of

Mr. Bimlendra Jha (DIN: 02170280) as: Managing

Managing Director or Wholetime Director or Director or any other

officer of the Company or any other person.”

ITEM NO. 17: To approve the payment of remuneration to

Non-Executive Directors and in this regard, pass the following

resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of sections 149, 197,

198, Schedule V and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the

Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), read with relevant rules made

thereunder (including any statutory modification(s), enactment(s)

or re- enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), Regulation

17 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and on the

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

and Board of Directors of the Company, consent of the members be

and is hereby accorded for the payment of upto H50,00,000/- (Rupees

Fifty Lakhs only) per financial year, as remuneration including for the

financial year 2021-22, to each Non-Executive Director including

Independent Directors of the Company (i.e., Directors other than

the: Managing

letter etc. together with

attested specimen signature of the duly authorised signatory who

are authorised to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at

the email address viz; investorcare@jindalsteel.com, if they have

voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL

e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS ATTENDING

THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E-VOTING DURING

MEETING ARE AS UNDER:

1.

The procedure for attending meeting & e-Voting on the day

of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for

e-voting.

2.

The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available where

the EVSN of Company will be displayed after successful login as

per the instructions mentioned above for e-voting.

3.

Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be

eligible to attend the meeting. However, they will not be eligible

to vote at the AGM.

12:

Managing Director of the

Company.

The Board of Directors, based on the recommendation of Nomination

and Remuneration Committee, approved the appointment of

Mr. Bimlendra Jha as an Additional Director and subject to the

approval of shareholders, as: Managing

Managing Director and/or the Whole-time Directors), in one

or more tranches from time to time and recommended the same for

the approval of the members of the Company by way of an Ordinary

Resolution.

Members may note that the role, responsibilities, and participation

of the Non-Executive Directors in the affairs of the Company have

increased over a period of time. The compensation payable to the

Non-Executive Directors should therefore be commensurate with their

increased roles and responsibilities.

In terms of the provision of Section 197 Companies Act, 2013 (“the

Act”), the remuneration payable to Non-Executive Directors shall not

exceed 1% per annum of the net profits of the Company, calculated in

accordance with the applicable provisions of the Section 198 of the Act

including any Schedules and the relevant rules thereof. The payment

of remuneration shall be in addition to the sitting fees for attending

Board/Committee meetings.

In terms of the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing obligations and disclosure requirements) Regulations,

2015, the payment of remuneration to Directors require the approval

of the members of the Company.

None of the Directors/ Key Managerial Personnel of the Company/

their relatives, except Dr. Bhaskar Chatterjee, Mrs. Shivani Wazir Pasrich,

Ms. Kanika Agnihotri and Mr. Sanjay Kapur, Independent Directors/

their Relatives who are interested in the resolution set out in item No.

17 of this notice, are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially

or otherwise, in this resolution

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out in item no.

17 of the notice for approval by the members.

ITEM NO. 18, 19, 20,21 AND 22: To approve the related party

transaction(s)

As per Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), transactions

with related parties which are on Arm’s length basis and in ordinary

course of business, are exempted from the obligation of obtaining

prior approval of the members.

However, as per the provisions of Regulation 23 of the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as

amended vide SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

(Sixth Amendment) Regulations, 2021, effective April 1, 2022, all related

party transactions (RPTs) with an aggregate value exceeding Rs. 1,000

crore or 10% of annual consolidated turnover of the Company as per

the last audited financial statements of the Company, whichever is

lower, shall require prior approval of shareholders. The said limits

are applicable, even if the transactions are in the ordinary course of

business of the Company and at an arm’s length basis. As per the

amended Regulation 2(1)(zc) of the SEBI Listing Regulations , RPTs

now include a transaction involving transfer of resources, services or

obligations between a listed entity or any of its subsidiaries on one

hand and a related party of the listed entity or any of its subsidiaries

on the other hand, regardless of whether a price is charged or not.

Accordingly, the transactions with related party of the Company and

of its subsidiaries exceeding the aforesaid threshold of H1000 crores

or 10% of the annual consolidated turnover as per the last audited

financial statements, whichever is lower, and classified as material

related party transactions (MRPT), are being placed for the approval

of the members of the Company as set out in resolution no. 18, 19,

20, 21 and 22 by way of Ordinary Resolutions.

The Audit Committee, after reviewing all necessary information, had

unanimously granted approval for entering into the MRPTs subject

to the conditions that the same will be on an arms’ length basis and

in the ordinary course of business as per the policy on related party

transactions of the Company.

MRPT with Jindal Saw Limited (JSL)

The Company had in past entered into transactions, (including but

not limited to sale and purchase of steel and steel products) with

Jindal Saw Limited (JSL), a listed company and a related party of the

Company, which would fall under the category of MRPT. It is likely that

similar transactions would continue during the financial year 2022-23,

requiring prior approval of shareholders. Accordingly, considering such

possibility, it is proposed to seek your approval to the MRPT with JSL

upto an aggregate amount of H2,270 crores during the financial year

2022-23.

As per the SEBI circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662

dated November 22, 2021, the information as placed before the Audit

Committee for approval of MRPTs is provided as under:

S. No. Particular

Details

1.

Type, material terms and

particulars of the proposed

transaction

The transaction involves sale/purchase of Steel & Steel products; rendering of services, receipt of services

and other transactions for business purpose from/to JSL during FY 2022-23, aggregating to H2,270 crores.

2.

Name of the related party and its

relationship

Jindal Saw Limited, a related party of the Company under Regulation 2(1) (zb) of the SEBI Listing Regulations

3.

Tenure of the proposed

transactions

Financial year 2022-23

4.

Value of the proposed

transaction

H2,270 crores in aggregate.

Corporate

Corporate

Overview

Overview

About

About

JSP

JSP

Our Value

Our Value

Creation Story

Creation Story

Growth

Growth

Strategy

Strategy

Strengthening

Strengthening

our Capitals

our Capitals

Statutory

Statutory

Reports

Reports

Notice

17:

Managing Director

10

ABOUT JSP

Who We Are

14

Operational Presence

16

Product Portfolio

18

Governance Framework

22

Board of Directors

24

OUR VALUE CREATION STORY

Past, Present and Future

30

Value Proposition

32

Introducing our Capitals

36

Value Creation Model

38

GROWTH STRATEGY

Strategic Objectives

42

Sustainable business growth strategy

44

Awareness of Business environment

46

Opportunity Landscape

48

Risk Management

50

Strategic Focus Areas

52

Stakeholder Engagement

54

Materiality

56

STRENGTHENING OUR CAPITALS

Financial Capital

60

Manufactured Capital

64

Intellectual Capital

70

Human Capital

74

Social and Relationship Capital

78

Natural Capital

86

STATUTORY REPORTS

Management Discussion

and Analysis

90

Board’s Report

101

Report on Corporate Governance

127

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Standalone

156

Consolidated

230

Building a Nation

of Our Dreams

Building a self-reliant India

Index

FY 2021-22 saw India take a leap forward into a new

era of a ‘Naya Bharat’ that is inherently self-reliant.

Aligned with the development goals of the country,

and in congruence with the vision of our founder Shri

OP Jindal, JSP has witnessed a year of profitability,

delivery and high-octane growth.

Throughout the world, post-pandemic, there is a focus

on increasing investments in infrastructural growth to

stimulate economies into action. Steel plays a pivotal

role in this approach. As the position of global players

and consumer sentiments begin to shift radically, India

and JSP are ready to capitalise on these opportunities,

take the centre stage and meet these growing

demands with agility and acumen.

We achieved an impressive feat by not only delivering

but also improving on the commitments made to

our stakeholders. Despite a challenging economic

environment, we strengthened our business model

and realigned our strategic priorities to sync with

that of our nation-building agenda. Our record

performance reflects the strength of our capabilities

and our contributions to India’s growth story.

As we move forward, we will focus on maintaining

a higher cash flow generation, strengthening our

balance sheet and keeping sustainability at the core of

our operations.

With this, we aim to not only reinvigorate our

operating ecosystem but greatly boost the growth

trajectory of our Nation to help make it self-reliant,

honouring the dream on which our very foundation

was laid, at the start of our operations. We are

committed to keep evolving and remaining dynamic,

even in the face of challenges, in the years to come.

As we grow and rise to the top of our domain, we build

a nation that is strong, dependable and a powerhouse

of sustainable development, along the way.

India is transforming, so are we

Operating EBITDA (E Crore)*

FY 2021-22

15,513

FY 2020-21

13,091

FY 2019-20

7,854

19%

YoY

Gross turnover (E Crore)*

FY 2021-22

51,136

FY 2020-21

35,073

FY 2019-20

36,944

46%

YoY

Net debt (E Crore)*

FY 2021-22

8,876

FY 2020-21

16,181

FY 2019-20

35,881

45%

YoY

Steel Production (MT)*

FY 2021-22

8.01

FY 2020-21

7.3

FY 2019-20

6.3

9.70%

YoY

*Alll figures are on consolidated basis.:

Dear Stakeholders,

As I write to you, I reflect upon one of the most

challenging chapters faced by humanity in this century,

the COVID-19 pandemic. Despite the obstacles created by

the pandemic, people all over the world have emerged

stronger and more resilient. Such grit and determination

are a shining testament to the resolve of the human

spirit. Even in the adverse circumstances innovation and

empathy have continued to guide our path. Over the last

two years, we witnessed remarkable scientific progress,

unparalleled co-ordination between governments across

the world, and most importantly, experienced rapid

changes in how we live and interact with each other.

Today, I am confident that the worst is behind us, and the

future is bright.

Against this backdrop, at JSP, we have emerged stronger

and delivered on all our commitments. This has been

possible because we define ourselves by our resolve to

innovate, our ability to set new standards for enriching

lives, and our relentless adherence to our cherished

value system. Our strong performance in FY 2021-22 is a

reflection of this belief system nurtured at JSP. As India

regains its momentum, we are prepared to scale new

heights with the nation, and march ahead in the quest to

create a better world.

THE YEAR IN REVIEW

Our unique business model and strategic focus areas

helped us achieve satisfactory financial performance

this year. We achieved record revenue and EBITDA,

powered by an upturn in the steel cycle and operational

excellence. Our net profit also improved, supported

by a significantly deleveraged balance sheet. Most

importantly, we delivered on all our stakeholder

commitments. Towards the end of FY 2020-21, we had

taken a target of 15, 15, 50, and 8 - achieving an EBITDA

of over `15,000 crore, reducing our debt to below

`15,000 crore, recording a revenue of more than `50,000

crore and production volumes higher than 8 MTPA. I'm

humbled to report that we have achieved all our targets

effectively.

At JSP, we firmly believe in putting Nation First, People First. We

mobilised our resources, both human and manufacturing capital,

to support the communities and the Indian government during

the pandemic. During the critical second wave last year, we swiftly

responded to support the national efforts to cushion its impact. We

were amongst the first to provide more than 5,000 tonnes of liquid

medical grade oxygen to 13 states for various hospitals. We set up

the Jindal Elderly Care and Wellness Centre to mitigate the impact

of elderly abandonment during the pandemic. Through our efforts,

we could help improve the well-being of 4,500 lives. JSP foundation’s

Mission Zero Hunger took a giant stride to address the challenges

of food insecurity for vulnerable populations by providing 16 lakh+

meals. We also continued to offer holistic medical and other support

to all our employees and their families.

BUILDING A NATION OF OUR DREAMS

As India re-emerges as one of the fastest growing major economies

in the world, steel is set to play a significant role in its growth story.

Infrastructure will continue to act as an economic multiplier for India

and become an important avenue of employment generation. As an

affordable, reliable, and infinitely recyclable material, steel will enable

India’s transition into a cleaner and greener future.

As economies all over the world recover, the steel sector is set to

witness continued buoyancy in demand. In India, the growth of steel

demand is pegged at 6-6.5% in the long term. This, coupled with the

Indian Government’s vision and policies to make India Aatmanirbhar

(self-reliant), renders the steel industry pivotal for the growth of the

Indian economy.

At JSP, we are committed to supporting India’s steel needs in key

sectors to make India truly Aatmanirbhar. I am of the firm belief

that if we keep our focus on working with integrity and re-dedicate

ourselves to nation-building, both our nation and our organisation

will become unstoppable forces for good.

BUILDING THE LARGEST SINGLE-LOCATION

STEELMAKING COMPLEX IN THE WORLD

The continuing deleveraging of our balance sheet provides us the

necessary financial strength to execute a new capital expenditure

cycle. By 2030, we plan to make the world’s largest single- location

steel making complex at Angul, Odisha. Currently, we have planned

an outlay of around `22,000 crore through FY 2025-26, which will

result in doubling our steel capacity to 15.9 MTPA, swiftly becoming

a key driver of volume and margin expansion. The expansion will also

double our coal gasification capacities. Through the coal gasification

route, we plan to produce steel using swadeshi coal, thereby reducing

dependency on imported coking coal and integrating our operations

backward.

USHERING IN AN ERA OF SUSTAINABILITY

Despite challenging circumstances, today, JSP has emerged as one of

the most deleveraged steel companies. Building on the learnings of

the past, we have developed key strategic focus areas to guide us in

ushering in an era of business sustainability.

Contributing to India’s growth story will continue to remain our

foremost priority. We are focussing on capacity expansion, balance

sheet strengthening, and sustainability. Towards this end, we

have already increased our focus on steel production through

our expansion plans at Angul. We will fund the expansion while

maintaining our net-debt to EBITDA levels at under 1.5x through

the cycle. Going forward, a core tenet of our business strategy is to

imbibe sustainability into every layer of our operations.

We have also aligned with the global decarbonisation drive, setting

up an ambitious target of ensuring carbon emissions remain below

2.0 t/tcs by 2030 and becoming net carbon zero by 2035. Embedding

sustainability practices in all areas of our operations help us contribute

to a greener and cleaner future and create a better world for

generations to come.

FORGING THE PATH AHEAD

Every action we take is guided by the ethos of our Founder Chairman,

Shri O.P. Jindal. In line with his vision, we always strive to pursue

the path of growth which reaches every section of society. Going

forward, we will continue to serve India’s current and future interests,

by scaling and excelling in our operations, and delivering value for all

stakeholders.

I take this opportunity to thank our employees at JSP for their

dedication and support that helped us deliver better performance

this year. I would also like to express my sincerest gratitude to our

lenders, investors, , regulators, customers, communities, media and

every other stakeholder, who continue to repose their faith in us. I

look forward to your support as we keep pushing boundaries to reach

newer heights.

Sincerely,

Naveen Jindal

Naveen Jindal

Chairman

Contributing to India’s growth story will continue

to remain our foremost priority. We are focussing

on increasing capacity expansion, balance sheet

strengthening, and sustainability. Towards this end, we

have already increased our focus on steel production

through our expansion plans at Angul. We will fund the

expansion while maintaining our net-debt to EBITDA

levels at under 1.5x through the cycle. Going forward,

a core tenet of our business strategy is to imbibe

sustainability into every layer of our operations.

08

09

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

FROM THE

CHAIRMAN’S DESK:

Dear Stakeholders,

The effects of the pandemic over the last two years have

redefined notions of both business and life alike.

Even as the pandemic begins to fade from the view,

FY 2021-22 was a reflection of all the learnings and

impact that we endured. Backed by the dedication of our

employees, we, at JSP, stood together firmly to overcome

the challenges. We remained resilient and improved

on our financial and operational performance last year,

successfully setting new benchmarks. We also continued

to support the India Growth Story with increased

production.

OUR OPERATING ENVIRONMENT

FY 2021-22 was a year of growth for the steel industry,

which was riding high on a resurgent Indian economy

and rising demand for steel. The Indian steel industry has

entered a new growth trajectory, with the rapid rise in

production, enabling India to position itself as the second

largest producer of crude steel. According to the World

Steel Association, India was the largest producer of DRI in

the world and the second largest finished steel consumer

in the world, after China, in 2021.

The improved performance of the Indian steel industry, in

the recent years, has been facilitated by the Government

of India, which has laid out a broad roadmap for

encouraging long term growth, on the supply as well as

demand side. The announcement of capital expenditure

of `7.5 trillion in the FY 2022-23 union budget, along with

initiatives such as Gati-Shakti and Housing For All, are

likely to boost steel demand in the near future.

Despite all the positive factors India remains low on

per- capita consumption of steel with a stark rural- urban

divide. At JSP we are committed to promote and enable

usage of Steel in Infrastructure and Construction.

OUR FY 2021-22 PERFORMANCE

JSP continues to have the widest portfolio of products for

Infrastructure and Construction industry in India. With the focus on

this sector, financial performance of JSP also improved in the year

under review.

We ended the year by setting new benchmarks for ourselves. Our

consolidated gross revenue stood at `56,921 crore, against `38,322

crore in the previous year, registering an annual growth of 48.53%. We

attained a consolidated EBITDA of `15,513 crore, compared to `13,091

crore in the previous year, witnessing a y-o-y increase of 18.5%.

Consolidated PBT (before exceptional items) for the year was `11,579

crore, compared to `8,456 crore in the previous year, growing y-o-y at

a rate of 36.93%. We improved on our performance last year, through

our market presence, prudent cost management and significant

deleveraging of our balance sheet. Our consolidated net debt has

been brought down to `8,876 crore at the end of FY 2021-22 from a

level of `16,181 crore in FY 20-21.

From an operational perspective, we increased our steel production

capacities to 8.01 MTPA, registering a y-o-y growth of 6.65%.

USHERING IN NEXT PHASE OF GROWTH

The continuing deleveraging of our balance sheet enables us to now

undertake significant capacity addition that will fortify our position

as a leading steelmaker in India. We are poised to double the steel

making capacity at Angul in less than 3 years. We are also adding to

our Infrastructural capabilities.

CREATING AN INCLUSIVE FUTURE

At JSP, we believe that the steel sector will play an important role in

the global transition towards sustainability. Towards this end, we are

focused on improving our Environmental, Social and Governance

(ESG) performance. Our ESG focus is defining the way we are

managing our resource consumption, waste, emissions profile,

carbon footprint, corporate behaviour, people practices and social

responsibility.

In fact, we are ahead of the curve in the Indian steel industry in

producing ‘environment friendly steel’. Our planned expansion of CGP

and DRI at Angul is an important component of how we plan to make

the world cleaner and greener for future generations.

In line with our vision to build a sustainable workforce, we have

placed utmost importance on creating a safe workplace for our

people, while prioritising their overall well-being. We are committed

to carrying out all our operations free from workplace hazards and

occupational illnesses.

We consider ourselves an integral part of the communities around

whom we operate and serve. We remain committed to the vision of

our Founding Chairman Shri. O. P. Jindal in reaching out and uplifting

the weaker sections of our society. Towards the same, JSP Foundation,

through its endeavours, has positively impacted more than 3 million

lives till date.

TOWARDS A BRIGHTER TOMORROW

Even as we face external headwinds that can have short-to-medium

term impact, we are confident in the long-term growth prospects

of India and the steel sector. Steel continues to be critical for

infrastructure growth, and we remain focussed on delivering our high

quality, best in class steel products to various projects of national

economic significance. As India prospers, we remain well-positioned

to support it with our own growth plans. We are set to achieve our

vision by building on our inherent strengths, focusing on financial

prudence and pursuing growth opportunities.

Our turnaround story and future growth prospects are guided by the

trust and confidence of all our stakeholders. I take this opportunity to

thank each one of them who have been our all-weather supporters.

We look forward to continued support of our stakeholders as we

embark on a new phase of growth — one that will build a stronger

future for JSP and India, and contribute to a cleaner and greener

world.

With best regards,

Bimlendra Jha

The continuing deleveraging of our balance sheet

enables us to now undertake significant capacity

addition that will fortify our position as a leading

steelmaker in India. We are poised to double the steel

making capacity at Angul in less than 3 years. We are

also adding to our Infrastructural capabilities.

Bimlendra Jha: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Bimlendra Jha has served in Steel industry

for 3 decades and has his fingerprints over

most flagship programs at Tata Steel.

As Executive Chairman Long Products Europe

(now British Steel), he led a rescue, turnaround

and sale of business saving thousands of

jobs in UK and France. He later led the £15

billion restructuring of British Steel Pension

Scheme to de-risk the business in Europe

against formidable political odds. Mr Jha

then returned to India in 2019 as MD & CEO

of Ambuja Cement Limited before embarking

on an entrepreneurial journey in 2020.

Mr Jha has vast experience in strategic portfolio

restructuring, Theory of Constraints, supply

chain transformation, market development,

sales and brand management, innovation

management, equipment manufacturing

and Steel plant operations. He invented the

Aspire program at Tata Steel developing

a practical framework for leveraging TOC,

TQM, TPM, Six Sigma and EVA governance in

a unified framework. In the award of Deming

Grand Prize to Tata Steel, case studies from his

integrated approach were well appreciated

by the examiners as contributors of new

knowledge in the Company’s improvement

journey. He created an easy to grasp training

program for these improvement concepts

and developed trainers to educate more than

40,000 employees at Tata Steel.

Mr. Bimlendra Jha has served on the Board

of Tata Group Innovation forum, Tata Steel

Europe, Energy & Climate Change Board

of CBI in UK and several others in India

and Europe. He is deeply passionate about

green alternatives for the industry and water

conservation.

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Saraogi

Wholetime Director

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Saraogi is the one of the

senior most employees of the JSP, currently

serving as Group Chief Executive Officer –

Steel. He is also an Executive Director on the

Board of the Company.

His professional experience spans more than

41 years, out of which he has been associated

with Jindal Group for more than 34 years,

wherein he has served the organisation in

various capacities, at JSP’s operating units

at Angul, Raigarh, Patratu, Barbil, Raipur

Machinery Division, Cement Plant, Steel

Structural Division, Punjipatra etc.

Mr. Saraogi holds a degree in Mechanical

Engineering from the Government

Engineering College, Jabalpur, having

qualified in the year 1981.

Mr. Saraogi started his career in Jindal group

with Jindal Hisar, Haryana, in Nov. 1988, where

he successfully commissioned the pilot plant

facilities for the production of Sponge Iron

/ Pig Iron and Ferro-alloys using Rotary Kiln

for pre-reduction followed by smelting

in Submerged Arc Furnace. He was then

transferred to Raigarh, Chhattisgarh, where he

successfully executed a variety of assignments

including operations, maintenance, projects

assigned to him.

In 2007, Mr. Saraogi was entrusted with setting

up a 6 MTPA mega Steel & Power Project at

Angul (Orissa). Subsequently, he was given

the charge of the Oman operations, after

the acquisition of Shadeed Iron and Steel

LLC in July 2010. Under his leadership, the

plant started production almost five months

ahead of schedule with the production of Hot

Briquetted Iron (HBI) on December 05, 2010.

Mr. Saraogi was transferred back to Angul in

2012, to complete the green field task again.

He spearheaded this project and installed the

largest SMS Electric Arc Furnace plant & the

widest Plate Mill in the world. In Feb 2018,

after the successful accomplishment of 6 MT

integrated Steel plant at Angul, Mr. Saraogi

took the challenge of full capacity utilisation

at JSP, Raigarh.

Mr. Saraogi was again transferred from Raigarh

to Angul on April 22 as a CEO Steel.

24

25

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

BOARD OF

DIREC TORS:

Managing Director on

August 13, 2022. On the recommendations of NRC, the Board approved

the appointment of Mr. Bimlendra Jha as an Additional Director w.e.f.

August 14, 2022 to hold the office upto AGM of the Company. Subject

to the approval of shareholders of the Company, Mr. Bimlendra Jha was

appointed as: Managing

Managing Director

85.42

96.23

3.

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Saraogi, Wholetime Director

39.24

35.19

(ii)

The percentage increase in remuneration of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Company secretary during the Financial

Year 2021-22:

Sr.

No.

Name and Designation

Percentage increase in Remuneration

1.

Mr. Hemant Kumar, Chief Financial Officer

^

2.

Mr. Anoop Singh Juneja, Company Secretary

17.23

^ Since the remuneration paid in the previous year was for the part of the year, the percentage increase in remuneration is not comparable and hence,

not stated.

Note: the percentage increase in Remuneration and Ratio of Remuneration of each Director/ Company Secretary to median remuneration of the

employees as above is calculated on actual payment basis.

(iii)

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2022 were 6,200 and the median remuneration was

H6.73 Lacs.

(iv)

Median remuneration of employees has decreased by 1.03%.

(v)

Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of the employees other than the managerial personnel in the last financial year

and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and point out if there are any

exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration;

(` in Lacs)

Particulars

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Difference (%)

Average salary of employees

10.82

10.75

0.65

Average Salary of Key Managerial Personnel(KMPs

1172.44

432.89

170.84

(vi)

The remuneration of Directors, KMPs and other employees is in accordance with the Remuneration Policy of the Company.

STATEMENT CONTAINING THE PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES UNDER SECTION 197(12) OF THE ACT READ WITH RULE 5(2) AND 5(3) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT

AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES 2014 AS ON MARCH 31, 2022.

A.

Top Ten Employees in terms of remuneration drawn:

Sr.

No.

Name

Age

(in years)

Designation

Remuneration

(in `)

Qualification

Date of

commencement of

employment

Experience

(in years)

Last employment held Designation

1.

Mr. Sudhanshu Saraf

58

Executive Director

29,178,666.50 B.tech

01.01.2019

33

N.A.

N.A.

2.

Mr. Akhauri Rajesh Sinha

66

Executive Director

21,538,331.19 MBA, LLB, CAIIB, MSC

01.10.2020

40

Power Trading

Corporation Of India

Limited

Principal Group Adviser

3.

Mr. Hemant Kumar

55

Chief Financial Officer

17,874,036.00

CA, ICWA

16.08.2011

34

Omaxe Limited

President

4.

Mr. Kapil Mantri

41

Executive Vice

President

13,790,359.00 BE, PG Diploma in

Management

04.06.2007

19

Microsoft

Design Engineer

5.

Mr. Pankaj Lochan

49

Executive Director

13,275,831.88 B.tech, MBA

01.12.2020

26

Ambuja Cements Ltd

President

Manufacturing

6.

Mr. Kartikeya Y Nath

46

Executive Vice

President

11,555,532.00 ICAI

23.09.2019

20

E & Y LLP

Associate partner

7.

Mr. Harsha Shetty

43

Executive Director

11,269,203.00 BE, MBA

24.02.2021

19

Vedanta Group

Chief Marketing Officer

8.

Mr. Vivek Kumar Mittal

52

Executive Vice

President

10,648,321.00 BA, Diploma

01.05.2004

31

Expo machinery ltd

PA to Mnfg Director

9.

Mr. Gaurav Khurana

43

Executive Vice

President

9,768,080.00 ICAI

28.12.2020

20

Reina Legal + Moore

Stephens Bahrain

Partner / Tax Head

10.

Mr. Sabyasachi

Bandyopadhyay

54

Executive Director

9,589,963.80 BE, M.tech

16.08.2021

32

Steel Dynamics

Director & Quality

B.

Employed throughout the year and were in receipt of remuneration of not less than J1,02,00,000(Rupees one crore two lakh only) per annum:

Sr.

No.

Name

Age

(in years)

Designation

Remuneration

(in `) Qualification

Date of

commencement of

employment

Experience

(in years)

Last employment

held

Designation

1.

Mr. Kapil Mantri

41

Executive Vice

President

13,790,359.00 BE,PG Diploma in

Management

04.06.2007

19

Microsoft

Design Engineer

2.

Mr. Pankaj Lochan

49

Executive Director

13,275,831.88 Btech,MBA

01.12.2020

26

Ambuja Cements Ltd

President

Manufacturing

3.

Mr. Kartikeya Y Nath

46

Executive Vice

President

11,555,532.00 ICAI

23.09.2019

20

E & Y LLP

Associate partner

4.

Mr. Harsha Shetty

43

Executive Director

11,269,203.00 BE,MBA

24.02.2021

19

Vedanta Group

Chief Marketing Officer

5.

Mr. Vivek Kumar Mittal

52

Executive Vice

President

10,648,321.00 BA,Diploma

01.05.2004

31

Expo machinery ltd

PA to Mnfg Director

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

108

109

Board’s Report

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

Managing Director are given elsewhere in the Corporate Governance Report.

FORM NO. MR-3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2022

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No.9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules 2014]

Annexure C

To

The Members of

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

CIN: L27105HR1979PLC009913

O.P. Jindal Marg, Hisar-125005

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable

statutory provisions of various statutes and the adherence of good

corporate practices by JINDAL STEEL & POWER LIMITED (“hereinafter

called as “the Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted considering

the process and procedures prescribed under the Companies Act,

2013 (as amended from time to time) and in a manner that provides

us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory

compliances and expressing our opinion thereon. Based on our

verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms

and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company and

also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and

authorised representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit,

we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the

audit period covering the Financial Year ended on 31st March, 2022

complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that

the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism

in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting

made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns

filed and other records maintained by the Company for the financial

year ended on 31st March, 2022 according to the provisions of:

i.

The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;

ii.

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (“SCRA”) and the

rules made there under;

iii.

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws

framed there under;

iv.

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and

regulations made thereunder to extent of Foreign Direct

Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial

borrowings.

v.

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992:-

a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial

Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011.

b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time

to time;

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars

to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993

regarding the Act and dealing with client; (Not applicable

as the Company is not registered Registrars to an Issue and

Share Transfer Agents during the period under review)

d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015

e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital

and disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018

f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 (up to 12th August

2021) and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share

Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations,

2021 (w.e.f. 13th August 2021).

g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of

Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009;( Not applicable as there

was no reportable event during the period under review)

h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of

Securities) Regulations, 2018;( Not applicable as there was

no reportable event during the period under review)

i)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of

Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008 (up to August 8, 2021),

and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and

Listing of Non- Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021

(w.e.f. 9th August, 2021).

j)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing

of Non-Convertible and Redeemable Preference Shares)

Regulations, 2013 (up to August 8, 2021) and Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non- Convertible

Securities) Regulations, 2021 (w.e.f. August 9, 2021)

We further report that the Company has, in our opinion, complied

with the provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder

and the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association

of the Company, with regard to:

a)

Maintenance of the various Statutory registers and

documents making necessary entries therein;

b)

Closure of the Register of members;

c)

Forms, returns, documents and resolutions required to be

filed with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of

India;

d)

Service of documents by the Company on its Members,

Auditors and the Registrar of Companies;

e)

Notice/Agenda of Board Meetings and Committee Meetings

of directors and the shareholders.

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

110

111

Board’s Report

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

Managing Director;

j)

Appointment and remuneration of Auditors;

k)

Transfers and transmissions of the Company’s shares and

debentures, and issue and dispatch of duplicate certificates

of shares;

l)

Borrowings and registration, modification and satisfaction

of charges wherever applicable;

m)

Financial Statements comprising the Balance Sheet as

prescribed under Part I, Profit and Loss Account under Part

II and General Instructions for preparation of the same as

prescribed in Schedule III to the Act;

n)

Boards’ report;

o)

Contracts, common seal, registered office and publication

of name of the Company; and

p)

All other applicable provisions of the Act and the Rules

made under the Act.

The 42nd Annual General Meeting was held on 30th September 2021.

vi.

The Company has complied with the provisions of the following

Acts and the rules made thereunder and the Company has a

mechanism to monitor the compliances of the said laws.

• The Factories Act, 1948

• The Payment of Wages Act, 1936

• The Minimum Wages Act, 1948

• The Employees Provident Fund and Misc. Provisions Act, 1952

• The Employees State Insurance Act,1948

• The Payment of Bonus Act, 1965

• The Environment (Protection) Act, 1986

• The Explosives Act,1884

• The Mines Act, 1952

• The Mines & Minerals (Regulation & Development) Act, 1956

•

The Hazardous Waste (Management, Handling Transboundary

Movements) Rules, 2008

• The Income Tax Act, 1961, and Works Contract Tax Act & rules

made thereof.

• The Indian Contract Act, 1872

• The Negotiable Instrument Act, 1881

• The Maternity Benefits Act, 1961

• The Payment of Gratuity Act,1972

• The Industrial Disputes Act, 1947

• The Child Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970

• The Water (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and

rules there-under

• The Air (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 and rules

there under

• The Transfer of Property Act, 1882

• The Indian Registration Act, 1808

• The Industrial Health & Safety Act, 1972

• The Indian Evidence Act, 1872

• The Consumer Protection Act, 1886

• The Weekly Holidays Act, 1942

• The Child Labour (Regulation and Abolition), Act 1970

• The Chattisgarh Labour Welfare Fund Act, 1982

• The Odisha Labour Welfare Fund Act, 1996

• The Jharkhand Labour Welfare Fund Act

• The Electricity Act, 2003

• The Sexual Harassment of Women at Work Place (Prevention,

Prohibition, and Redressal) Act, 2013

• The National Tariff Policy

• Indian Boilers Act, 1923

• Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017

• The Secretarial Standards 1, 2 and 3 issued by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India.

We further report that:

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with

proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and

Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board

of Directors that took place during the period under review were

carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.

Adequate notices were given to all the directors for the Board

Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were also

sent within the prescribed timeline, and a system exists for

seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications

on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful

participation at the meeting.

The Company has obtained all the necessary approvals under

the various provision of the Act, as and when required.

We further report that there are adequate systems and

processes in the Company commensurate with the size and

operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance

with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

During the period under review, the Company has taken the

approval of shareholders for the following matters:

Extra-Ordinary General Meetings:

(i)

To approve Jindal Steel & Power Employee Benefit Scheme

– 2022.

(ii)

To approve grant for Stock Options to the Employees of

Group Company(ies) Including Subsidiary Company(ies)

or Its Associate Company(ies), In India or Outside India, or

of a Holding Company of the Company under Jindal Steel

& Power Employee Benefit Scheme – 2022

(iii)

To approve the Acquisition of Equity Shares by way of

Secondary Acquisition under Jindal Steel & Power Employee

Benefit Scheme – 2022

(iv) To approve provision of money by the Company for

purchase of its own shares by the Trust / Trustees for the

Benefit of Employees under Jindal Steel & Power Employee

Benefit Scheme – 2022

(v)

To approve the revision of Remuneration of Mr. Naveen

Jindal, Wholetime Director designated as Chairman of

the Company

(vi)

To approve the revision of Remuneration of Mr. V.R. Sharma,: Managing Director of the Company.

(vii) To approve, by way of special resolution under Section

180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 24(5)

of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,

for divestment of entire shareholding of the Company in

Jindal Power Limited, a material subsidiary of the Company.

(viii) To approve, by way of ordinary resolution under Section 188 of

the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 23(4) of the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, for ‘material related party

transaction’ for divestment of the entire shareholding of the

Company in Jindal Power Limited to Worldone Private Limited.

Annual General Meeting:

(i)

To ratify the remuneration of Cost Auditors for the Financial

Year ending March 31, 2022.

(ii)

To consider and approve the revision of remuneration of

Mr. Naveen Jindal, Wholetime director designated as the

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial and other records are the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in the records. We believe that

the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards are the responsibility of the

Management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For and on behalf of RSMV & CO

Manoj Sharma

Place: Delhi

(Partner)

Date: 03.08.2022

FCS: 7516 : CP No.: 11571

UDIN: F007516D000734803

FORM NO. MR-3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31st March 2022

[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No.9 of the Companies Appointment and Remuneration Personnel Rules 2014]

To

The Members

Jindal Power Limited

CIN:U04010CT1995PLC008985

District Raigarh, Tamnar– 496107, Chhattisgarh

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of

applicable statutory provisions of various statutes and the adherence

of good corporate practices by JINDAL POWER LIMITED (hereinafter

called as “the Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted considering

the process and procedures prescribed under the Companies Act,2013

(as amended from time to time) and in a manner that provided us

a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory

compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minutes

books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the

Company and also the Information Provided by the Company, its

officers, agents and authorised representatives, during the conduct

of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company

has, during the audit period covering the Financial Year ended on

31st March, 2022 complied with the statutory provisions listed

hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes

and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and

subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns

filed and other records maintained by the Company for the financial

year ended on 31st March, 2022 according to the provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws

framed there under;

(ii)

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and

regulations made thereunder to extent of Foreign Direct

Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial

borrowings

(iii)

We further report that the Company has, in our opinion, complied

with the provisions of the Act and the rules made under that Act

and the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association

of the Company, with regard to:

a)

Maintenance of the various Statutory Registers and

documents making necessary entries therein;

b)

Closure of the Register of members:

c)

Forms, returns, documents and resolutions required to be

filed with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of

India;

d)

Service of documents by the Company on its Members,

Auditors and the Registrar of Companies;

e)

Notice of Board Meetings and Committee Meetings of

directors.

f)

Minutes of proceedings of General Meetings and Board

Meetings and its Committee Meetings;

g)

Approvals of the Members, the Board of Directors, the

Committees of Directors and the government authorities,

wherever required;

h)

The Company has obtained necessary disclosures from

all the Directors, confirmation towards their eligibility

to become the Directors of the Company, qualification

to become an Independent Director of the Company,

nomination of Directors in various committee(s) are within

the limits prescribed under the Act and compliance under

the Code of Conduct from the Directors as well as from

Management personnel;

i)

Payment of remuneration to Directors including the: Managing

letter of even date which is annexed as ‘ANNEXURE A’ and forms an integral part of this report.

To

The Members

Jindal Power Limited

CIN:U04010CT1995PLC008985

District-Raigarh, Tamnar-496107, Chhattisgarh

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial and other records are the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in the records. We believe that

the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards are the responsibility of the

Management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For and on behalf of RSMV & CO

Manoj Sharma

Place: Delhi

(Partner)

Date: 05.08.2022

FCS: 7516 : CP No.: 11571

UDIN: F007516D000746091

Annexure A

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

116

117

Board’s Report

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

Managing Director

(01724568)

ED

13/14

Yes

1

0

0

0

N.A.

23,011

14. Mr. Dinesh Kumar Saraogi,

Wholetime Director

(06426609)

ED

10/14

Yes

1

0

0

0

N.A.

52,157

15. Mr. Anjan Barua,

Director (01191502)

ND-SBI

(Lender)

3/4

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

PD-Promoter Director, NED-Non-Executive Director, ID-Independent Director, ED-Executive Director, ND- Nominee Director

# includes directorship in foreign and Section 8 companies.

* Includes only audit committee and shareholders/investors grievance committee in all public companies (whether listed or not) and excludes private limited

companies, foreign companies and Section 8 companies

BOARD BUSINESS

The normal business of the Board includes:

• Framing and overseeing progress of the Company’s annual plan

and operating framework

• Framing strategies for shaping of portfolio and direction of the

Company and for corporate resource allocation

• Review financial plans of the Company

• Review the Annual Report including Audited Annual Financial

Statements for adoption by the Members

• Review progress of various functions and businesses of the Company

• Review the functioning of the Board and its Committees

• Review the functioning of subsidiary companies

• Consider/approve declaration/recommendation of dividend

• Review and resolve fatal or serious accidents or dangerous

occurrences, any material significant effluent or pollution problems

or significant labour issues, if any

• Review the details of significant development in human resources

and industrial relations front

• Review the details of foreign exchange exposure and steps taken

by the management to limit the risks of adverse exchange rate

movement

• Review the compliances with all relevant legislations and regulations

and litigation status, including materiality, important show cause,

demand, prosecution and penalty notices, if any.

• Review of Board Remuneration Policy and remuneration of Directors.

• Advise on corporate restructuring such as merger, acquisition, joint

venture or disposals, if any.

• Appoint directors on the Board and Key Managerial Personnel(s),

if any

• Review of various policies of the Company and monitoring

implementation thereof

• Review the details of risk evaluation and internal controls

• Review the reports on progress made on the ongoing projects

• Monitor and review board evaluation framework.

• Consider and approve raising of funds through various modes and

means.

BOARD SUPPORT

The Company Secretary is responsible for collation, review and

distribution of all papers/documents submitted to the Board and

Committees thereof for consideration. The Company Secretary is

also responsible for preparation of Agenda in consultation with the

Chairman, MD and CFO and other functional heads of the Company and

convening of Board and Committee meetings. The Company Secretary

attends all the meetings of the Board and its Committees, advises

and assures the Board on compliance and governance principles and

ensures appropriate recording of minutes of the proceedings of the

meetings.

E-MEETING – A GREEN INITIATIVE

With a view to leverage technology and reducing paper consumption,

the Company has adopted a web-based application for transmitting

Board/Board Committee agenda and pre-reads. The Directors of the

Company receive the agenda and pre-reads in electronic form through

this application, which can be accessed through browsers or iPads.

RECORDING MINUTES OF PROCEEDINGS AT BOARD AND

COMMITTEE MEETINGS

The Company Secretary records minutes of proceedings of each

Board and Committee meeting. Draft minutes of the proceedings of

the meeting are circulated to Board/ Committee members for their

comments within 15 days of the meetings. The minutes are entered in

the Minutes Book within 30 days from the conclusion of the meeting

as per the Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India.

POST MEETING FOLLOW-UP SYSTEM

The Company has an effective post meeting follow-up procedure.

Action taken report on the decisions taken in a meeting is placed at

the immediately succeeding meeting for information of the Board.

COMPLIANCE

The Company Secretary, while preparing the agenda, notes on

agenda and minutes of the proceedings of meeting(s), is responsible

to ensure adherence to all applicable laws and regulations, including

the Companies act, rules issued thereunder, the secretarial standards

issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and Listing

Regulations.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

The Board Committees play a vital role in strengthening the Corporate

Governance practices and focus effectively on the issues and ensure

expedient resolution of the diverse matters. The Board Committees

are set up under formal approval of the Board to carry out clearly

defined roles which are considered to be performed by members

of the Board as a part of good governance practice. The Board

supervises the execution of its responsibilities by the Committees

and is responsible for their actions. The minutes of the proceedings

of the meetings of all Committees are placed before the Board for its

review. The Board Committees can request special invitees to join the

meeting, as appropriate.

PROCEDURE AT COMMITTEE MEETINGS

The Company’s guidelines relating to Board meetings are applicable

to Committee meetings as far as practicable. Each Committee has

the authority to engage outside experts, advisors and counsels to the

extent it considers appropriate to assist in its function.

i.

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee is constituted in terms of the provisions of

Section 177 of the Act read with Companies (Meetings of Board

and its Powers) Rules, 2014 and Listing Regulations.

As at March 31, 2022, the Audit Committee comprised the

members as stated below.

Name of the member

Category

Status

Dr. Bhaskar Chatterjee

ID

Chairman

Mr. Anil Wadhwa

ID

Member

Mr. V.R. Sharma

ED

Member

Subsequent to the close of FY’ 22, the Audit Committee was

reconstituted and presently comprises of Dr. Bhaskar Chatterjee,

as Chairman, Mrs. Shivani Wazir Pasrich as member, and

Mr. Bimlendra Jha as member.

The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Committee.

During the Financial Year 2021-22, the Committee met Twelve

times on April 6, 2021, April 24, 2021, April 26, 2021, May 12, 2021,

July 21, 2021, July 23, 2021, August 6, 2021, August 10, 2021, August

30, 2021, September 30, 2021, November 2, 2021 and February

8, 2022. The time gap between any two meetings was less than

once hundred and twenty days.

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

130

131

Board’s Report

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

Managing Director to this effect

is as under:

I declare that all Board members and senior management personnel

have affirmed compliance with the code of conduct for the financial

year 2021-22.

For and on behalf of Board of Directors

Place: New Delhi

Mr. Bimlendra Jha

Date: August 30, 2022: Managing Director

WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY/VIGIL MECHANISM

The Company has adopted a Whistle Blower Policy for employees. The

main objective of this policy is to provide a platform to Directors and

employees to raise concerns regarding any irregularity, misconduct

or unethical matters / dealings within the Company which have a

negative bearing on the organisation either financially or otherwise.

This policy provides an additional channel to the normal management

hierarchy for employees to raise concerns about any such instances of

Group Code of Conduct violations. Therefore, the policy is in line with

the group’s commitment to open communication and to highlight

any such matters which may not be otherwise getting addressed in

a proper manner. During the year under Report, no complaint has

been received. No personnel have been denied access to the audit

committee.

SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

Information on subsidiary companies forms part of the Board’s Report.

The Audit Committee reviews the financial statements and

investments made by the unlisted subsidiary companies. The minutes

of the proceedings of the Board meetings of the unlisted subsidiary

Companies are placed before the Board of Directors along with a

statement of significant transactions and arrangements. Policy for

determining ‘material’ subsidiaries was adopted by Board of Directors

and this policy is uploaded on the website of the Company at:

https:// www.jindalsteelpower.com/policies.html

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The Annual General Meeting of the Company for the financial year

2020-21 and 2019-20 were held through VC/ OAVM and for the financial

years 2018-19 was held at the Registered Office of the Company

situated at O.P. Jindal Marg, Hisar-125005 on the following dates and

times, wherein the following special resolutions were passed:

AGM

Year

Date, Day & Time

Brief Description of Special Resolutions

42nd

2020-21

September 30, 2021,

Thursday, 11.00 A.M.

i.

Approval for the revision of remuneration of Mr. Naveen Jindal (DIN:00001523),

Wholetime director designated as the

Managing Director and the CFO certify the quarterly financial

results while placing the financial results before the Board.

S)

Information on Deviation from Accounting Standards,

if any.

There has been no deviation from the Accounting Standards in

preparation of Annual Accounts for the Financial Year 2021-22.

Promoter and Promoter Group 60.45

Mutual Funds/Alternate Investment Fund 13.81

Financial Institutions/Banks 0.02

Central Government/State Government(s) 0.00

IEPF 0.73

% of total Equity

Share Capital

Provident Fund/Pension Funds 0.12

Foreign Porfolio Investors/Foreign

Institutional Investors 9.70

Insurance Companies 3.39

Body Corporate 3.34

Individuals/HUF 7.85

Truts 0.02

Non Resident Indians/ Foreign National 0.57

T)

Plant locations:

Works

Location

Raigarh

Kharsia Road, Post Box No.1/6, Raigarh – 496 001,

Chhattisgarh

Raipur

13 K M Stone, G E Road, MandirHasaud, Raipur – 492

001, Chhattisgarh

Patratu

Balkudra, Patratu, District Ramgarh, Jharkhand – 829

143

Angul

Plot No. 751, Near PanchpukhiChhaka, Simplipada,

Angul – 759 122, Odisha

Barbil

Plot No. 507/365, Barbil-Joda Highway, Barbil – 758 035,

Odisha

Punjipatra Punjipatra 201 to 204 Industrial Park SSD, Punjipatra,

Raigarh – 496001, Chattisgarh

DCPP

Dhorabatta, Dongamahua, Raigarh-496001,

Chhattisgarh

Tensa

TRB Iron Ore Mines, P. O. Tensa, District

Sundergarh-700042, Odisha

U)

Investor Correspondence

The Company Secretary

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

Jindal Centre, Tower-A, 2nd Floor Plot No. 2, Sector-32,

Gurugram -122001 (Haryana)

Ph: 0124-6612000

Email: investorcare@jindalsteel.com

V)

Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and

hedging risk.

The details for the same have been provided in the notes to

financial statements.

Disclosures

i)

The Company has not entered into any materially significant

related party transactions which have potential conflict with

the interest of the Company at large except provided elsewhere

in this report. Your Board of Directors, on recommendation

of the Audit Committee, had approved a Policy on

Related Party Transactions. The policy can be accessed at

https://www.jindalsteelpower.com/policies.html

ii)

The Company has complied with the requirements of the Stock

Exchanges, SEBI and other statutory authorities on all matters

relating to capital markets during the last three years except the

National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited have

levied fine on the Company for failure to provide prior intimation

to the Stock Exchanges under Regulation 29(1) of the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 about the Meeting of the Board

wherein the issuance of further securities was considered and

approved. The said issuance of further securities was taken

up by the Company as a supplementary item, as an enabling

resolution to be able to place the same before the shareholders

in the 41st Annual General Meeting to seek their approval for any

fund raising that may be made by the Company at a later date.

Therefore, in the Company’s opinion, prior intimation was not

required in this case.

iii)

The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements

of Corporate Governance as prescribed under the Listing

Regulations.

iv)

The details of the provision made for fees for the services rendered

by the Statutory Auditors to the Company and its subsidiaries are

as follows:

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Amount

(` in Crore)

1.

Statutory Audit Fees

1.20

2.

Certification and other charges

1.91

3.

Reimbursement of expenses

0.16

Total

3.27

v)

The Company has complied with provisions of Regulation 17 to

27 and clause (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of

Listing Regulations.

Green Initiative

Pursuant to Section 101 and 136 of the Act read with Companies

(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and Companies

(Accounts) Rules, 2014, the Company can send Notice of Annual

General Meeting, financial statements and other communication

in electronic form. Your Company is sending the Annual Report

including the Notice of Annual General Meeting, audited financial

statements (both standalone and consolidated), Board’s Report

along with their annexures etc. for the Financial Year 2020-21 in

the electronic mode to the shareholders who have registered

their email ids with the Company and/or their respective

Depository Participants (DPs).

Shareholders who have not registered their e-mail addresses so

far are requested to register their e-mail addresses. Those holding

shares in demat form can register their e-mail addresses with

their concerned DPs. Shareholders who hold shares in physical

form are requested to register their e-mail addresses with the

Company, by sending a: letter, duly signed by the first/sole holder

quoting details of Folio No.

The Annual Report containing audited financial statements (both

standalone and consolidated), Board’s Report along with their

annexures etc. and other important information for the Financial

Year 2021-22 is available in downloadable form on the Company’s

website at www.Jindalsteelpower.com.

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

140

141

Board’s Report

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

Managing Director

b)

Details of the BR head

Sl.

No. Particulars

Details

1

DIN Number (if

applicable)

N.A.

2.

Name

Mr. Prashant Hota

3.

Designation

President Group Head CSR,

Education and Sustainability Head-

Odisha Corporate Communications

4.

Telephone number

+91 674 – 2596219

5.

e-mail id

prashant.hota@jindalsteel.com

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR policy / policies (Reply

in Y / N):

The list of policies which address these principles is mapped at

the end of this table.

Sl.

No.

Questions

P1-

Ethics,

Transparency

and

Accountability

P2-

Product

Life Cycle

Sustainability

P3-

Employee

Wellbeing

P4-

Stakeholder

Engagement

P5-

Human

Rights

P6-

Environment

P7-

Policy

Advocacy

P8-

Inclusive

Growth

P9-

Customer

Value

1

Do you have policy/policies for....

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

2

Has the policy been formulated

in consultation with the relevant

stakeholders?1

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

3

Does the policy conform to any

national / international standards?

If yes, specify.

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Polices of JSP are based on National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct, it is also a signatory to

the World Steel Sustainable Development Charter, 2015 and a Climate Action member with the World

Steel Association. The policies are in conformance to the spirit of the United Nation Global Compact, World

Steel Sustainable Development Charter, GRI guidelines and are as per international standards, such as ISO

14001, OHSAS 18001, ISO 9001. JSP has recently implemented ISO 50001 across many of its plant locations

in India.

4

Has the policy been approved by

the Board? If yes, has it been signed

by MD / owner / CEO / appropriate

Board Director?2

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

5

Does the Company have a

specified committee of the Board

/ Director / Official to oversee the

implementation of the policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

6

Has the policy been formally

communicated to all relevant

internal and external stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

7

Does the Company have in-house

structure to implement the policy/

policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

8

Does the Company have a

grievance redressal mechanism

related to the policy/policies to

address stakeholders' grievances

related to the policy/policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

9

Has the Company carried out

independent audit/evaluation of

the working of this policy by an

internal or external agency?

Y

Y

Y

N

N

Y

N

Y

Y

1While formulating the policy, the top management was consulted and all employees were engaged via questionnaires and town hall sessions.

2All policies are reviewed by the Board members and approved by the respective Board Committee. The policy is then signed by either the Whole time

Director or the CEO.

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

144

145

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

letter of credits

facilities sanctioned to Jindal Steel Odisha Limited, a Wholly

Owned Subsidiary under co-borrower structure with the

Company (refer note no. 48(A)(d) of the standalone financial

statements).

(x)

(a)

The Company has not raised moneys by way of initial public

offer or further public offer (including debt instruments)

during the year and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(a)

of the Order is not applicable.

(b)

During the year the Company has not made any preferential

allotment or private placement of shares or convertible

debentures (fully or partly or optionally) and hence

reporting under clause 3(x)(b) of the Order is not applicable

to the Company.

(xi)

(a)

Based on the audit procedures performed and on the

basis of information and explanations provided by the

management, no fraud by the Company and no material

fraud on the Company has been noticed or reported during

the year.

(b)

To the best of our knowledge, no report under sub-

section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has

been filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13

of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the

Central Government, during the year and upto the date

of this report.

(c)

As represented to us by the management, there were

no whistle blower complaints received by the Company

during the year.

(xii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations

given to us, the Company is not a nidhi company and hence

reporting under clause 3(xii) of the Order is not applicable.

(xiii) According to the information and explanations and records

made available by the management of the Company and

audit procedures performed, the Company is in compliance

with Sections 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 where

applicable, for all transactions with the related parties and the

details of related party transactions have been disclosed in the

standalone financial statements as required by the applicable

Indian accounting standards.

(xiv) (a)

In our opinion the Company has an adequate internal audit

system commensurate with the size and the nature of its

business.

(b)

We have considered, the internal audit reports issued to

the Company during the year and till date, in determining

nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures.

(xv) On the basis of records made available to us and according to

information and explanations given to us, the Company has not

entered into non-cash transactions with the directors or persons

connected with its directors and hence provisions of section 192

of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable to the Company.

(xvi) (a)

The Company is not required to be registered under Section

45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly,

the reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of the Order

is not applicable.

(b)

The Group has more than one CIC as part of the group.

There are 4 CIC forming part of the group.

(xvii) The Company has not incurred cash losses during the financial

year covered by our audit and the immediately preceding

financial year.

(xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors of the

Company during the year.

(xix) According to the information and explanations given to us and

on the basis of the financial ratios (also refer note no. 68 to the

standalone financial statements), ageing and expected dates of

realisation of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities,

other information accompanying the financial statements, our

knowledge of the Board of Directors and Management plans

and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the

assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes

us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date

of the audit report that Company is not capable of meeting its

liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they

fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date.

We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future

viability of the Company. We further state that our reporting is

based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we

neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities

falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet

date, will get discharged by the Company as and when they fall

due.

(xx) As at balance sheet date, the Company has fully spent the

required amount towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

and does not have any amount remaining unspent under Section

135(5) of the Act. Further, no amount for the year requiring a

transfer to a Fund specified in Schedule VII to the Companies

Act or special account in compliance with the provision of sub-

section (6) of section 135 of the said Act.

(xxi) The reporting under clauses 3(xxi) of the Order is not applicable in

respect of audit of standalone financial statements. Accordingly,

no comment in respect of the said clause has been included in

this report.

For Lodha & Co,

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No. 301051E

(N. K. Lodha)

Place: New Delhi

Partner

Date: 30th May 2022

Membership No. 085155

Annexure “B” to the Independent Auditor’s Report

(Referred to in paragraph 2(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of even

date)

REPORT ON THE INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS OVER

FINANCIAL REPORTING UNDER CLAUSE (I) OF SUB-

SECTION 3 OF SECTION 143 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013

(“THE ACT”)

We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting

of JINDAL STEEL & POWER LIMITED (“the Company”) as of 31st

March 2022 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial

statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR INTERNAL

FINANCIAL CONTROLS

The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and

maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control

over financial reporting criteria established by the Company

considering the essential components of internal control stated

in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over

Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants

of India. These responsibilities include the design, implementation

and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were

operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct

of its business, including adherence to respective company’s policies,

the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds

and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records,

and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required

under the Companies Act, 2013.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal

financial controls over financial reporting based on our audit. We

conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit

of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance

Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and

the Standards on Auditing prescribed under Section 143(10) of the

Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal

financial controls. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require

that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform

the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate

internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and

maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material

respects.

Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence

about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over

financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of

internal financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining

an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting,

assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and

evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control

based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the

auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material

misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.

We believe that the audit evidence obtained is sufficient and

appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Company’s

internal financial controls system over financial reporting.

MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS OVER

FINANCIAL REPORTING

A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a

process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the

reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial

statements for external purposes in accordance with generally

accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial control

over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,

accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of

the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that

transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of

financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting

principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are

being made only in accordance with authorisations of management

and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance

regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition,

use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material

effect on the financial statements.

INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL

CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over

financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper

management override of controls, material misstatements due to

error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any

evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to

future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control

over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes

in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or

procedures may deteriorate.

OPINION

In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate

internal financial controls system over financial reporting and such

internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating

effectively as at 31st March, 2022, based on the internal control over

financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering

the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance

Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting

issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

For Lodha & Co,

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No. 301051E

(N. K. Lodha)

Place: New Delhi

Partner

Date: 30th May 2022

Membership No. 085155

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

164

165:

Managing Director

Firm Registration No. 301051E

DIN: 00001523

DIN: 01724568

N. K. Lodha

Ramkumar Ramaswamy

Anoop Singh Juneja

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Membership No. 085155

Place: New Delhi

Dated: 30th May, 2022

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31st March, 2022

(C in crore)

Particulars

Note

Year ended

31st March,2022

Year ended

31st March,2021

I

Revenue from operations

31

55,264.33

37,089.41

Less: GST Recovered

(5,752.80)

(3,743.22)

49,511.53

33,346.19

Less: Captive Sales for own projects

(80.08)

(38.36)

II

Other income

32

102.01

666.11

III

Total income (I + II)

49,533.46

33,973.94

IV

Expenses

Cost of materials consumed

33

19,059.58

8,751.83

Purchases of stock - in - trade

34

1,714.82

1,545.65

Changes in inventories of finished goods, work -in -progress ,stock-in-trade and Scrap

35

(711.42)

183.04

Employee benefits expense

36

724.59

675.86

Finance costs(Net)

37

1,414.79

2,186.54

Depreciation and amortisation expense

5 & 6

2,232.16

2,243.45

Other expenses

38

13,687.23

9,134.90

Total expenses

38,121.75

24,721.27

Less: Captive Sales for own projects

(80.08)

(38.36)

38,041.67

24,682.91

V

Profit / (loss) before exceptional items and tax (III - IV)

11,491.79

9,291.03

VI

Exceptional items(net)

57

323.71

171.81

VII

Profit / (loss) before tax (V - VI)

11,168.08

9,119.22

VIII Tax expense

Current Tax

2,449.48

-

Provision for Taxation -Earlier years

-

(75.27)

Deferred tax expense/(credit)

39

435.18

2,040.18

Total tax

2,884.66

1,964.91

IX

Profit / (loss) for the period (VII - VIII)

8,283.42

7,154.31

X

Other comprehensive income

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

Remeasurement of defined benefit plans

(4.37)

(8.73)

Income tax effect on above

1.10

2.19

Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

Fair Value Gain on Preference Shares

48.00

2,315.05

Income tax effect on above

(10.97)

(529.68)

33.76

1,778.83

XI

Total comprehensive income for the period (IX + X)

8,317.18

8,933.14

XII

Earnings per equity share

41

(1)

Basic

81.21

70.14

(2)

Diluted

81.21

70.14

See accompanying notes to the standalone financial statements

The notes referred to above form an integral part of financial statements

As per our report of even date

For & on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Lodha & Co.

Naveen Jindal

V. R. Sharma

Chartered Accountants

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director

Firm Registration No. 301051E

DIN: 00001523

DIN: 01724568

N. K. Lodha

Ramkumar Ramaswamy

Anoop Singh Juneja

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Membership No. 085155

Place: New Delhi

Dated: 30th May, 2022

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

168

169:

Managing Director

Firm Registration No. 301051E

DIN: 00001523

DIN: 01724568

N. K. Lodha

Ramkumar Ramaswamy

Anoop Singh Juneja

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Membership No. 085155

Place: New Delhi

Dated: 30th May, 2022

1.

OVERVIEW

Jindal Steel & Power Limited (“the Company”) is one of the India’s

leading steel producers. It is listed on the National Stock Exchange

of India and Bombay Stock Exchange in India. The registered

office is situated in the state of Haryana, the corporate office is

situated in New Delhi and the manufacturing plants in India are in

the states of Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Jharkhand etc. The Company

has global presence through subsidiaries, mainly in Australia,

Botswana, Indonesia, Mauritius, Mozambique, Madagascar,

Namibia, South Africa, Tanzania and Zambia and representative

office in China. There are several business initiatives running

simultaneously across continents.

These financial statements have been approved and adopted

by the Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held

on 30th May, 2022.

2.A. Basis Of Preparation Of Financial Statements

The financial statements have been prepared in accordance

with Indian accounting standards as prescribed under Section

133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) read with Companies

(Accounts) Rules, 2015 (Indian Accounting Standards (IND AS)).

The Company has consistently applied the accounting policies

used in the preparation of its financial statements.

The standalone financial statements provide comparative

information in respect of previous year.

The significant accounting policies used in preparing the

financial statements are set out in Note no. 3 of the Notes to

the Standalone Financial Statements.

The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with

Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) requires management

to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect

the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and

liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures at the date of the

financial statements. The judgments, estimates and underlying

assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to

accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the

estimate is revised if the revision effects only that period or in the

period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects

both current and future years and, if material, their effects are

disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. Actual results

could vary from these estimates. (Refer Note no. 4 on critical

accounting estimates, assumptions and judgments).

B.

Estimation of uncertainties relating to the global

health pandemic from COVID-19 (COVID-19):

The Company has considered the possible effects that may

result from the pandemic relating to COVID-19 in the preparation

of these standalone financial statements including the

recoverability of carrying amounts of financial and non financial

assets. In developing the assumptions relating to the possible

future uncertainties in the global economic conditions because

of this pandemic, the Company has, at the date of approval of

these financial statements, used internal and external sources

of information and related information and economic forecasts

and expects that the carrying amount of these assets will be

recovered. The impact of this pandemic may be different from

that estimated as at the date of approval of these standalone

financial statements and the Company will continue to closely

monitor any material changes to future economic conditions.

3.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

3.1 Basis of Measurement

These financial statements have been prepared under the

historical cost convention on the accrual basis, except for the

following assets and liabilities which have been measured fair

value:

• Property, Plant & Equipment (at fair value as deemed cost as

at 1st April 2015),

• Derivative financial instruments,

• Defined benefit plans- plan assets measured at fair value

• Financial assets and liabilities except certain investments and

borrowings carried at amortised cost (refer accounting policy

regarding financial instruments).

• Share based payments

The financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (C) which

is the Company’s functional and presentation currency and all

amounts are rounded to the nearest crore (C00,00,000) and two

decimals thereof, except as otherwise stated.

3.2 Fair Value Measurement

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset

or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between

market participants at the measurement date.

The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the

assumptions that market participants would use when pricing

the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in

their economic best interest.

A fair value measurement of a non- financial asset takes into

account a market participant’s ability to generate economic

benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by

selling it to another market participant that would use the asset

in its highest and best use.

For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Company has

determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of the

nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and the

level of the fair value hierarchy in which they fall.

3.3 Property, plant and equipment

On transition to IND AS, the Company has adopted optional

exception under IND AS 101 to measure Property, Plant and

Equipment at fair value. Consequently the fair value has been

assumed to be deemed cost of Property, Plant and Equipment

on the date of transition. Subsequently Property, Plant and

Equipment are stated at cost/ deemed cost less accumulated

depreciation and impairment losses, if any. Costs include costs

of acquisition or construction including incidental expenses

thereto, borrowing costs, and other attributable costs of bringing

the asset to its working condition for its intended use and are

net of available duty/tax credits.

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 March, 2022

Annual Report 2021-22

171

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

170:

letter of credit to

Jindal steel Odisha Limited (JSOL), Wholly Owned Subsidiary.

-

-

ii)

Capex LC facility of C4,000 crores is secured by way of:

1.

Pledge/NDU over 100% shares of JSOL held by the Company.

2.

Pari passu charge over the cash flows with working capital lenders of the Company under TRA arrangement.

The above capex LC limit has been availed by the Company for its project under wholly owned subsidiary Jindal Steel Odisha Limited

48B. LOANS AND ADVANCE IN THE NATURE OF LOAN GIVEN TO SUBSIDIARIES AND OTHERS

(C in crore)

Name of the Company

Relationship

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

Jindal steel and Power (Mauritius) Limited

Subsidiary

Amount outstanding

11,760.50*

4,033.58*

Maximum balance outstanding

11,760.50

4,033.58

Jindal Steel Odisha Ltd

Subsidiary

Amount outstanding

-

-

Maximum balance outstanding

702.00

-

Jagran Developers Private Limited

Subsidiary

Amount outstanding

27.48

27.48

Maximum balance outstanding

27.48

27.48

(C in crore)

Name of the Company

Relationship

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

Urtan North Mining Company Limited

Jointly Controlled

Entity

Amount outstanding

0.02

0.02

Maximum balance outstanding

0.02

0.02

Others

Others

Amount outstanding

28.06

28.06

Maximum balance outstanding

28.06

28.06

* Includes forex restatement.

Notes:

i)

All the above loans and advance are interest bearing.

ii)

Above stated loans have not been utilised for the purpose of investments in shares of the company.

49. One of the subsidiary company Jindal Steel & Power (Mauritius) Limited (‘JSPML’) is having negative net worth of C1,003.06 crores as at 31st

March 2022 (C401.95 crores as at 31st March 2021) and the Company has extended unsecured loan (including interest of C647.09 crores) of

C12,407.59 crores and also made investment in share capital of JSPML (C575.73 crores as at 31st March 2022). As per the audited financial

statements of JSPML for the year ended 31st March 2022, it has investment in mining/ other assets mainly in South Africa, Mozambique,

Australia, etc. Further, during the year, one of the subsidiary, WCL (Wollongong Coal Limited, Australia), has commenced operations.

The accounts of JSPML have been prepared on going concern basis by the management of JSPML as at 31st March 2022, in view of the

committed financial support from the Company, the above said investments and loans given are of long term and strategic in nature.

Accordingly, these are considered good by the management..

50. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:

a)

The Company uses foreign currency forward and Interest rate swap contracts to manage some of its transactions exposure. The details

of derivative financial instruments are as follows:

Particulars

2021-22

2020-21

Assets

Forward Contracts-Export(Past Performance Basis)

Nil

Nil

Liabilities

Forward Contracts-Import

103.39 Cr (USD

13.64 Million

at Original

Contracted rate)

Nil

b)

Foreign Currency Exposure:-The principal component of monetary foreign currency loans/debts and payable amounting to C4,882.20

crore (31st March 2021 C2,648.26 crore) and receivables (including Loans to WOS considering amount of C647.09 crores amounting to

C12,407.59 crore and excluding investment into WOS of C914.60 crore at cost price) amounting to C12,992.71 crore (31st March 2021

C5,746.69 crore) not hedged by forwards/derivative instruments.

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 March, 2022

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 March, 2022

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

208

209

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

Managing Director)

4

Shri D.K. Saraogi (Wholetime Director)

5

Shri Deepak Sogani (Chief Financial Officer) (upto 30.06.2020)

6

Shri Hemant Kumar (Chief Financial Officer) (w.e.f 15.12.2020 upto 30.11.2021)

7

Shri Ramkumar Ramaswamy (w.e.f 21.05.2022)

8

Shri Anjan Barua (Nominee Director)(upto 22.05.2021)

9

Shri Anoop Singh Juneja (Company Secretary)

10

Shri Anil Wadhwa (Independent Director) (w.e.f. 29.07.2021)

11

Dr. Bhaskar Chatterjee (Independent Director) (w.e.f. 29.07.2021)

12

Smt Shivani Wazir Pasrich (Independent Director) (w.e.f. 29.07.2021)

13

Ms. Kanika Agnihotri (Independent Director) (w.e.f. 29.07.2021)

14

Shri Sunjay Kapur (Independent Director) (w.e.f. 10.08.2021)

15

Shri Arun Kumar Purwar (Independent Director) (upto 29.07.2021)

16

Shri Hardip Singh Wirk (Independent Director) (upto 29.07.2021)

17

Shri Ram Vinay Shahi (Independent Director) (upto 29.07.2021)

18

Shri Sudershan Kumar Garg (Independent Director) (upto 29.07.2021)

19

Dr Aruna Sharma (Independent Director)(Upto 01.09.2021)

e)

Relative of Key Managerial person

Shri Venkatesh Naveen Jindal (Son of Shri Naveen Jindal)

f)

Enterprises over which Key Management Personnel and their relatives exercise significant influence and with whom

transaction have taken place during the year

1

Jindal Stainless Limited

2

Jindal Industries Limited

3

Bir Plantation Limited

4

India Flysafe Aviation Limited

5

Jindal Intellicom limited

6

Jindal Saw Limited

7

JSW Steel Limited

8

Rohit Tower Building Limited

9

JSW Projects Limited

10

JSW Energy Limited

11

Jindal Stainless(Hisar) Ltd.

12

JSW Severfield Structures Limited

13

JSW International Tradecorp Pte Limited

14

Jindal Coke Limited

15

Jindal Stainless Steelway Limited

16

Jindal United Steel Limited

17

OP Jindal Gramin Jan Kalyan Sansthan

18

JSW Cement Limited

19

Opelina Sustainable Services Limited (formerly known as Opelina Finance & Investment Limited)

20

Nalwa Steel & Power Limited

21

JSW Steel Coated Product Ltd.

22

OPJ Trading Private Limited

23

AL Jadid Tijara DMCC

24

Jindal Shadeed Iron & Steel L.L.C (w.e.f. 31.03.2021)

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 March, 2022

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 March, 2022

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

216

217

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

letter of credit to JSOL (as on 31st March 2022 C Nil)

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 March, 2022

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 March, 2022

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

218

219

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Firm Registration No. 301051E

DIN: 00001523

DIN: 01724568

N. K. Lodha

Ramkumar Ramaswamy

Anoop Singh Juneja

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Membership No. 085155

Place: New Delhi

Dated: 30th May, 2022

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 March, 2022

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 March, 2022

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

228

229

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Firm Registration No. 301051E

DIN: 00001523

DIN: 01724568

N. K. Lodha

Ramkumar Ramaswamy

Anoop Singh Juneja

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Membership No. 085155

Place: New Delhi

Dated: 30th May, 2022

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31st March, 2022

(C in crore)

Particulars

Note

Year ended

31st March,2022

Year ended

31st March,2021

I

Revenue from operations

35

56,920.68

38,322.12

Less:GST Recovered

(5,755.04)

(3,743.22)

51,165.64

34,578.90

Less: Captive Sales for own projects

(80.08)

(38.36)

II

Other income

36

50.36

532.01

III

Total income (I + II)

51,135.92

35,072.55

IV

Expenses

Cost of materials consumed

37

18,959.86

8,908.16

Purchases of stock - in - trade

38

2,319.10

1,946.44

Changes in inventories of finished goods, work -in -progress, stock in trade and scrap

39

(776.52)

197.68

Employee benefits expense

40

870.66

821.03

Finance costs(Net)

41

1,887.71

2,753.34

Depreciation and amortization expense

2,096.78

2,414.13

Other expenses

42

14,279.10

9,614.33

Total expenses

39,636.69

26,655.11

Less: Captive Sales for own projects

(80.08)

(38.36)

39,556.61

26,616.75

V

Profit / (loss) before exceptional items and tax (III - IV)

11,579.31

8,455.80

VI

Exceptional items

63

406.24

203.92

VII

Profit / (loss) before tax (V - VI)

11,173.07

8,251.88

VIII

Tax expense

43

Current tax

2,466.92

4.44

Provision for Taxation -Earlier years

-

(78.42)

Deferred tax expense/(credit)

457.61

1,884.79

Total tax

2,924.53

1,810.81

IX

Profit / (loss) for the year from continued operations (VII - VIII)

8,248.54

6,441.07

X

Discontinuing Operation

Profit / (Loss) before tax from discontinued operation

984.47

400.47

Tax Expense of discontinued operation

(49.29)

1.19

Exceptional items

1,240.12

2,573.31

Deferred Tax Expense

1,276.22

-

Net profit / (loss) after tax from discontinuing operations

(1,482.58)

(2,174.03)

XI

Share in Profit / (Loss) of associates (Net of tax)

(0.23)

-

XII

Total Profit/(Loss) (IX + X + XI)

6,765.73

4,267.04

XIII

Other Comprehensive income(OCI)

(A) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or Loss

a)

(i)

Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans

(4.36)

(8.86)

(ii) Income Tax relating to Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

1.10

2.18

b)

(i)

Fair value gain/(loss) on PPE & Intangible

-

(4,618.47)

(ii) Income Tax relating to Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

-

702.59

c) Fair value gain/(loss) on Investment

0.91

-

(B)

Items that will be reclassified to profit or Loss

a)

Foreign currency translation reserve (FCTR)

(277.81)

(1,375.50)

b)

Fair value gain/(loss) on Investment

-

0.45

XIV

Total comprehensive income

6,485.57

(1,030.57)

Net profit of continuing operation attributable to:

a)

Owners of the equity

8,255.04

6,151.82

b)

Non- Controlling interest

(6.73)

289.25

Net profit of discontinuing operation attributable to:

a)

Owners of the equity

(2,501.99)

(2,518.26)

b)

Non- Controlling interest

1,019.41

344.23

Other Comprehensive Income attributable to:

a)

Owners of the equity

(278.45)

(5,053.10)

b)

Non- Controlling interest

(1.71)

(244.51)

Total Comprehensive Income attributable to:

a)

Owners of the equity

5,474.60

(1,419.54)

b)

Non- Controlling interest

1,010.97

388.97

XV

Earnings per equity share

45

(a)

Basic - Continuing operation

80.93

60.32

(b)

Diluted - Continuing operation

80.93

60.32

(c)

Basic - Discontinuing operation

(24.53)

(24.69)

(d)

Diluted - Discontinuing operation

(24.53)

(24.69)

(e)

Basic - Continuing & discontinuing operation

56.40

35.63

(f)

Diluted - Continuing & discontinuing operation

56.40

35.63

Overview and significant accounting policies

1-4

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements

The notes referred to above form an integral part of consolidated financial statements

As per our report of even date

For & on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Lodha & Co.

Naveen Jindal

V. R. Sharma

Chartered Accountants

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director

Firm Registration No. 301051E

DIN: 00001523

DIN: 01724568

N. K. Lodha

Ramkumar Ramaswamy

Anoop Singh Juneja

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Membership No. 085155

Place: New Delhi

Dated: 30th May, 2022

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

240

241

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Firm Registration No. 301051E

DIN: 00001523

DIN: 01724568

N. K. Lodha

Ramkumar Ramaswamy

Anoop Singh Juneja

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Membership No. 085155

Place: New Delhi

Dated: 30th May, 2022

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended 31 March, 2022

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

242

243

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

letter no. JSPL/Coal Mines/2017-18/I.V.MOC/-65,

26.02.2018 and the land cost and other mine development cost C11.02 crore has been transferred to assets held for sale. The final claim submission

is in process after information required by MOC vide: letter 20.04.2021

47. OPERATING SEGMENT REPORTING

Information about segments

The Group is engaged primarily into manufacturing of Iron & steel products and generation of power. The primary segments as identified

by management are Iron and steel products and Power. Segments have been identified taking into account nature of product and

differential risk and returns of the segment. These business segments are reviewed by the Chief Operating decision maker of the Parent

Company.

Iron and steel products: Segment comprises of manufacturing of Steel products, sponge iron, pellets and castings.

Power: Segment comprises of business of power generation.

Others : Segment comprises of mainly aviation, machinery division,and real estate .

The measurement principles for segment reporting are based on IND AS. Segment’s performance is evaluated based on segment revenue

and profit or loss from operating activities.

1.

Operating revenues and expenses related to both third party and inter-segment transactions are included in determining the

segment results of each respective segment.

2.

Finance income earned and finance expense incurred are not allocated to individual segment and the same has been reflected at

the Group level for segment reporting.

3.

The total assets disclosed for each segment represent assets directly managed by each segment, and primarily include property,

plant and equipment, intangibles, receivables, inventories, operating cash and bank balances, inter segment assets and exclude

derivative financial assets, deferred tax assets, income tax recoverable and capital work in progess related to ongoing projects.

4.

Segment liabilities comprise operating liabilities and exclude external borrowings, provision for taxes, deferred tax liabilities and

derivative financial liabilities.

5.

Unallocated expenses/ results, assets and liabilities include expenses/ results, assets and liabilities (including inter-segment assets

and liabilities not allocable to any other segment) and other activities not allocated to the operating segments. These also include

current taxes, deferred taxes and certain financial assets and liabilities not allocated to the operating segments.

(C in crore)

S.

No. Particulars

Year ended

31st March, 2022

Year ended

31st March, 2021

1.

Segment Revenue

a) Iron and Steel

49,382.79

33,191.92

b) Power

4,185.03

3,678.83

c) Others

1,285.67

952.05

Sub Total (gross) A

54,853.49

37,822.80

Inter Segment Revenue

a) Iron and Steel

398.78

215.66

b) Power

3,369.15

3,066.60

c) Others

-

-

Sub Total (gross) B

3,767.93

3,282.26

External Segment Revenue

a) Iron and Steel

48,984.01

32,976.27

b) Power

815.88

612.22

c) Others

1,285.67

952.05

Net Segment Revenue

51,085.56

34,540.54

2.

Segment Result(profit(+)Loss(-) before tax and interest from each segment)

a) Iron and Steel

12,274.72

10,066.54

b) Power

1,210.83

932.27

c) Others

274.08

268.64

Sub Total(gross)

13,759.63

11,267.45

Less:

(i) Finance Cost (Net) (Interest and financial expenses)

1,887.71

2,753.34

(ii) Other un-allocable expenses(net of un-allocable Income)

292.61

58.31

Exceptional items

406.24

203.92

Profit before tax

11,173.07

8,251.88

Less:

Current Tax

2,466.92

4.44

MAT Credit

-

-

Provision for Taxation -Earlier years

-

(78.42)

Deferred tax expense/(credit)

457.61

1,884.79

Profit after tax

8,248.54

6,441.07

Share in Profit / (Loss) of associates (Net of tax)

(0.23)

-

Total Profit/(Loss)

8,248.31

6,441.07

4.

Depreciation & amortisation expenses

a) Iron and Steel

1,997.28

1,975.17

b) Power

206.57

228.43

c) Others

(107.08)

210.53

Total

2,096.77

2,414.13

5.

Material Non- Cash expenditure other than depreciation & amortisation expenses

a) Iron and Steel

537.82

187.32

b) Power

-

32.90

c) Others

-

9.71

Total

537.82

229.93

Notes

to the Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 March, 2022

Notes

to the Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 March, 2022

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

274

275

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

Managing Director)

4

Shri D.K. Saraogi (Wholetime Director)

5

Shri Deepak Sogani (Chief Financial Officer) ( upto 30.06.2020)

6

Shri Hemant Kumar (Chief Financial Officer) ( w.e.f. 15.12.2020 upto 30.11.2021)

7

Shri Ramkumar Ramaswamy (w.e.f 21.05.2022)

8

Shri Anjan Barua (Nominee Director) (upto 22.05.2021)

9

Shri Anoop Singh Juneja (Company Secretary)

10 Shri Anil Wadhwa (Independent Director) (w.e.f 29.07.2021)

11 Dr. Bhaskar Chatterjee (Independent Director) (w.e.f 29.07.2021)

12 Smt. Shivani Wazir Pasrich (Independent Director) (w.e.f 29.07.2021)

13 Ms Kanika Agnihotri (Independent Director) (w.e.f 29.07.2021)

14 Shri Sunjay Kapur (Independent Director) (w.e.f 10.08.2021)

15 Shri Arun Kumar Purwar (Independent Director) (upto 29.07.2021)

16 Shri Hardip Singh Wirk (Independent Director)(upto 29.07.2021)

17 Shri Ram Vinay Shahi (Independent Director)(upto 29.07.2021)

18 Shri Sudershan Kumar Garg (Independent Director)(upto 29.07.2021)

19 Dr Aruna Sharma (Independent Director)(upto 01.09.2021)

d) Relative of Key Managerial person

Shri Venkatesh Naveen Jindal (Son of Shri Naveen Jindal)

e)

Enterprises over which Key Management Personnel of the reporting entity and its subsidiaries and their relatives exercise

significant influence and with whom transaction have taken place during the year

1

Jindal Stainless Limited

2

Jindal Stainless(Hisar) Ltd.

3

Jindal Industries Limited

4

Bir Plantation Limited

5

India Flysafe Aviation Limited

6

Jindal Saw Limited

7

JSW Steel Limited

8

Rohit Tower Building Limited

9

JSW Projects Limited

10 JSW Energy Limited

11 JSW Steel Coated Product Limited

12 JSW Severfield Structures Limited

13 JSW International Tradecorp Pte Limited

14 Jindal Coke Limited

15 Jindal Stainless Steelway Limited

16 Jindal United Steel Limited

17 JSW Cement Limited

18 Opelina Sustainable Services Limited (formerly known as Opelina Finance & Investment Limited)

19 OPJ Trading Private Limited

20 Nalwa Steel & Power Limited

21 Action Buildwell Pvt. Ltd.

22 Action Infrastructure Pvt. Ltd.

23 AL Jadid Tijara DMCC

24 Jindal Shadeed Iron & Steel L.L.C (w.e.f. 31.03.2021)

25 Worldone Private Limited

26 JSP Consultancy Services (P) Ltd

27 Oswal Agro Mills Ltd

28 Amba River Coke Ltd

29 Bhushan Power & Steel Ltd

30 Jindal Rail Infrastructure Ltd

31 JSW Future Energy Ltd

32 JSW Ispat Special Products Ltd

33 JSW Jaigarh Port Ltd

34 JSW MI Steel Service Centre Private Ltd

35 JSW Paints Ltd

36 JSW Paradip Terminal Private Ltd

37 Toshiba JSW Power System Pvt. Ltd

38 JSW Energy (Kutehr) Ltd

39 Dolvi Coke Projects Ltd

40 Jindal Duroweld Private Ltd

41 JSW Minerals Trading Private Ltd

42 Adventure Buildwell Pvt. Ltd.

43 Aglow Realtech Pvt. Ltd.

44 Almora Township Pvt. Ltd.

45 Ambar Buildcon Pvt. Ltd.

46 Beau Green Real Estate Pvt. Ltd.

47 Bhiwani Builders Pvt. Ltd.

48 Bhopal Infrastructures Pvt. Ltd.

Notes

to the Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 March, 2022

Notes

to the Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 March, 2022

Annual Report 2021-22

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

286

287

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Firm Registration No. 301051E

DIN: 00001523

DIN: 01724568

N. K. Lodha

Ramkumar Ramaswamy

Anoop Singh Juneja

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Membership No. 085155

Place: New Delhi

Dated: 30th May, 2022

Form AOC-1

Statement containing salient features of Subsidiaries, Associates Companies and Joint Ventures as required under first proviso to sub-section (3) of Section 129 of the

Companies Act 2013 read with Rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) rules, 2014

PART A: SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

(Amount C crore)

Sl.

No.

Name of Company

Date since when

subsidiary was

acquired

Reporting

Currency

Exchange

rate as

at 31st

March,

2022

Share

Capital

Other

Equity

Total

Assets

Total

Liabilities

Investments

Total

Turnover

Profit/

(Loss)

before

Taxation

Provision

for

Taxation

Profit/

(Loss)

After

Taxation

Proposed

Dividend

% of

Shareholding

Long

Term

Current

1

Jindal Power Limited

09.06.2005

INR

1.00 1,348.80 5,307.09 16,195.19

9,539.30

64.12

1.00

65.12 6,722.95

950.18

379.74

570.44

-

96.42

2

Attunli Hydro Electric Power

Company Limited

19.05.2009

INR

1.00

1.00

(0.55)

0.52

0.07

-

-

-

0.00

(0.42)

-

(0.42)

-

71.35

3

Etalin Hydro Electric Power

Company Limited

16.05.2009

INR

1.00

1.00

(0.84)

0.57

0.41

-

-

-

0.00

(2.66)

-

(2.66)

-

71.35

4

Kamala Hydro Electric Power

Company Limited

12.03.2010

INR

1.00

1.00

(0.66)

0.42

0.08

-

-

-

0.05

(0.13)

-

(0.13)

-

71.35

5

Jindal Power Transmission Limited 23.06.2008

INR

1.00

0.08

(0.08)

0.00

0.00

0.00

-

0.00

-

(0.00)

-

(0.00)

-

95.70

6

Jindal Hydro Power Limited

18.08.2008

INR

1.00

0.08

(0.08)

0.00

0.00

0.00

-

0.00

0.00

(0.00)

-

(0.00)

-

95.70

7

Jindal Power Distribution Limited

27.08.2008

INR

1.00

1.55

2.19

3.77

0.03

0.00

-

0.00

0.56

0.49

0.12

0.37

-

96.38

8

Ambitious Power Trading

Company Limited

02.05.2009

INR

1.00

7.60

3.99

14.25

2.66

0.00

0.01

0.01

1.21

1.16

0.29

0.87

-

76.50

9

Uttam Infralogix Limited

07.03.2013

INR

1.00

6.50

(0.28)

16.76

10.54

2.56

-

2.56

-

(0.07)

-

(0.07)

-

96.42

10

Panther Transfreight Ltd.

12.07.2011

INR

1.00

1.00

16.23

26.37

9.14

-

-

-

214.18

3.63

1.09

2.54

-

96.42

11

Kineta Power Limited

1.02.2006

INR

1.00

25.01

0.49

24.91

(0.59)

-

-

-

0.00

(2.78)

-

(2.78)

-

72.32

12

Jindal Reality Private Limited

(Group)

31.03.2017

INR

1.00

10.01

(29.64)

1,767.77

1,787.40

25.21

-

25.21

233.85

31.57

6.72

24.84

-

96.42

13

Jagaran Developers Limited

11.01.2018

INR

1.00

0.01

(40.26)

257.28

297.53

25.13

-

25.13

31.08

(15.97)

(2.42)

(13.55)

-

96.42

14

Jindal Power Ventures(Mauritius)

Ltd.

18.12.2013

USD

75.81

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.46

-

0.46

-

96.42

15

Jindal Power Senegal Sau

17.07.2014

XOF

0.13

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

96.42

16

Jindal Angul Power Limited

25.08.2011

INR

1.00

0.05

(0.06)

0.01

0.02

-

-

-

-

(0.00)

-

(0.00)

-

100.00

17

Jindal Steel & Power (Mauritius)

Limited

06.02.2007

USD

75.81

633.30 (1,636.36) 11,402.94 12,406.00 3,865.21

- 3,865.21 1,397.74 (550.98)

- (550.98)

-

100.00

18

Pt Jindal Overseas

25.05.2007

IDR

0.01

2.32

(52.21)

104.48

154.37

-

-

-

-

1.17

0.01

1.16

-

99.00

19

Pt Bhi Mining Indonesia

07.10.2008

IDR

0.01

1.32

(35.27)

68.58

102.53

67.24

-

67.24

-

1.11

0.06

1.05

-

99.00

20

Pt Maruwai Bara Abadi

27.02.2012

IDR

0.01

0.53

(4.48)

4.30

8.25

-

-

-

-

(0.05)

-

(0.05)

-

74.25

21

Pt Sumber Surya Gemilang

18.03.2009

IDR

0.01

0.07

(20.76)

9.74

30.43

-

-

-

-

(0.05)

-

(0.05)

-

98.01

22

Vision Overseas Limited

28.02.2008

USD

75.81

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

100.00

23

Jubiliant Overseas Limited

28.02.2008

USD

75.81

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

100.00

24

Skyhigh Overseas Limited

29.02.2008

USD

75.81

169.43

(2.61)

169.52

2.70

166.83

-

166.83

-

(0.95)

-

(0.95)

-

100.00

25

Harmony Overseas Limited

29.02.2008

USD

75.81

0.00

(0.05)

0.00

0.05

-

-

-

-

(0.05)

-

(0.05)

-

100.00

26

Jindal Steel Bolivia Sa

19.04.2007

BOB

9.35

613.05

(74.54)

550.30

11.78

0.00

-

0.00

-

-

-

-

-

51.00

27

Gas to Liquids International S.A

19.04.2007

BOB

9.35

131.95

1.51

139.70

6.24

0.02

-

0.02

-

-

-

-

-

87.56

28

JSPL Mozambique Minerals LDA

30.07.2008

MZN

1.20

500.01

(721.00)

1,269.84

1,490.84

0.00

-

0.00 1,349.38

180.39

16.58

163.81

-

97.50

Annual Report 2021-22

303

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

ABOUT

JSP

OUR VALUE

CREATION STORY

GROWTH

STRATEGY

STRENGTHENING

OUR CAPITALS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

Notes

to the Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 March, 2022

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

302:

Managing Director

DIN: 00001523

DIN: 01724568

Ramkumar Ramaswamy

Anoop Singh Juneja

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Notes

Jindal Steel & Power Limited

306:

Managing Director

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Saraogi

Wholetime Director

Mr. Ramkumar Ramaswamy

Wholetime Director & Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Sunil Kumar Agrawal

Wholetime Director

Dr. Bhaskar Chatterjee

Independent Director

Mr. Sunjay Kapur

Independent Director

Mrs. Shivani Wazir Pasrich

Independent Director

Ms. Kanika Agnihotri

Independent Director

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Mr. Ramkumar Ramaswamy

COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Mr. Anoop Singh Juneja

STATUTORY AUDITORS

M/s. Lodha & Co.,

Chartered Accountants

12, Bhagat Singh Marg

New Delhi-110001, India

Firm Registration No. 301051E

COST AUDITOR

M/s. Ramanath Iyer & Co,

Cost Accountants

808, Pearls Business Park Netaji

Subhash Place

New Delhi-110034, India

Firm Registration No. 000019

SECRETARIAL AUDITOR

M/s. RSMV & Co.

Company Secretaries

268, Anarkali Complex Jhandelwalan

Extension New Delhi-110055, India

BANKERS/ FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

1. State Bank of India

2. Canara Bank

3. ICICI Bank

4. Yes Bank Limited

5. Indian Bank

6. Union Bank of India

7. Axis Bank Limited

8. Standard Chartered Bank

9. Bank of Baroda

10. IDFC First Bank Limited

11. Punjab National Bank

12. Exim Bank

13. UCO Bank

14. HDFC Bank Limited

15. IDBI Bank Limited

16. Indusind Bank Limited

REGISTERED OFFICE

O.P. Jindal Marg

Hisar, Haryana-125005, India

CORPORATE OFFICE

Jindal Centre

12, Bhikaji Cama Place

New Delhi-110066, India

REGISTRAR & TRANSFER AGENT

Alankit Assignments Limited

Alankit Heights,

4-E/13- Jhandelwalan Extension New

Delhi-110055, India

PLANT LOCATIONS

Raigarh

Kharsia Road, Post Box No.1/6,

Raigarh – 496 001, Chhattisgarh, India

Angul

Plot No. 751,

Near Panchpukhi Chhaka,

Simplipada, Angul – 759 122,

Odisha, India

Raipur

13 K M Stone, G E Road,

Mandir Hasaud, Raipur – 492 001,

Chhattisgarh, India

Patratu

Balkudra, Patratu, District Ramgarh,

Jharkhand – 829 143, India

Barbil

Plot No. 507/365,

Barbil-Joda Highway,

Barbil – 758 035, Odisha, India

Punjipatra

201 to 204 Industrial Park SSD,

Punjipatra, Raigarh – 496001,

Chattisgarh, India

DCPP

Dhorabatta, Dongamahua,

Raigarh-496001,

Chhattisgarh, India

Tensa

TRB Iron Ore Mines, P. O. Tensa,

Dist. Sundergarh – 700 042,

Odisha, India:

