Managing Director of the Company, be and is hereby

authorised to vary and/or revise the remuneration of

Shri Arun Kumar Shukla, as President & Director from

time to time within the overall limits approved herein

and to settle any question or difficulty in connection

therewith and incidental thereto.”

8.

To consider and if thought fit to pass, the following as a

Special Resolution:

"RESOLVED that in supersession of the resolution

passed by the Company at the Annual General Meeting

th

held on 28 August 2020, consent of the Company be

and is hereby accorded pursuant to the provisions of

Section 180(1)(c) and other applicable provisions, if

any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) including any

statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the

time being in force, to the Board of Directors of the

Company including a Committee thereof (hereinafter

referred to as the ‘Board’) for borrowing moneys (apart

from temporary loans obtained from the Company's

Bankers in the ordinary course of business), in excess of

the aggregate of paid up share capital of the Company,

securities premium and its free reserves, that is to say,

reserves not set apart for any specific purpose, as the

Board may, from time to time, deem necessary and/or

expedient for the purpose of the Company, provided

that the sum or sums so borrowed and remaining

outstanding at any one time on account of principal

shall not exceed in the aggregate 4,000 Crore

`

(Rupees Four Thousand Crore) only.

RESOLVED FURTHER that the Board of the Company,

be and is hereby authorised to do all acts, deeds,

matters and things as it may deem necessary and/or

expedient to give effect to this Resolution.”

9.

To consider and if thought fit to pass, the following as a

Special Resolution:

"RESOLVED that in supersession of the resolution

passed by the Company at the Annual General Meeting

th

held on 28 August 2020, consent of the Company be

and is hereby accorded pursuant to the provision of

Section 180(1)(a) and other applicable provisions, if

any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) including any

statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the

time being in force, to the Board of Directors of the

Company including a Committee thereof (hereinafter

referred to as the ‘Board’) to mortgage and/or charge

(by way of first, second or other subservient charge as

may be agreed to between the Company and the

lenders and/or Debenture Trustees), all the immovable

and movable properties, present and future, pertaining

to any one or more of the Company's Units and any

other Undertaking of the Company wheresoever

situate and the whole or substantially the whole of any

one or more of the said Undertakings of the Company,

to or in favour of any Financial Institutions, Banks and

other lending Institutions or Funds, Trustees for

Debentures, to secure their respective Rupee and

Foreign Currency Loans or other Financial assistance

lent, granted and advanced or agreed to be lent,

granted and advanced to the Company or the

Debentures, Bonds or other financial instruments

issued and allotted or as may be issued by the

Company and subscribed to or agreed to be subscribed

to by such Institutions/Banks/Funds, or any other

persons, of such amount(s) not exceeding ` 4,000

Crore (Rupees Four Thousand Crore) only, in the

aggregate, on account of principal, together with

interest thereon at the respective agreed rates,

compound interest, additional interest, liquidated

damages, commitment charges, premia on

prepayment, remuneration of the Trustees, costs,

charges and other moneys payable by the Company to

the respective Financial Institutions, Banks and other

lending institutions and Debenture holders and/or

Trustees under the Loan/Subscription Agreement(s)

entered into/to be entered into by the Company in

respect of the said Loans, Debentures or other financial

instruments or assistance.

RESOLVED FURTHER that the Board of the Company,

be and is hereby authorised to finalise the terms and

conditions with the Financial Institutions, Banks and

other lending Institutions or Funds/ Lenders or

Debenture Trustees and the documents for creating

02:

letter etc. together with

attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory who are authorized to vote,

to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the

email address at jklc.investors@jkmail.com, if

they have voted from individual tab and not

uploaded same in the CDSL E-voting system for

the scrutinizer to verify the same.

(ii) If you have any queries or issues regarding

attending AGM & E-voting from the e-Voting

System, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (“FAQs”) and E-voting manual available

at www.evotingindia.com, under help section or

write an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com

or contact Mr. Nitin Kunder (022- 23058738)

or Mr. Mehboob Lakhani (022-23058543) or

Mr. Rakesh Dalvi (022-23058542).

All grievances connected with the facility for voting

by electronic means may be addressed to Mr.

Rakesh Dalvi, Manager, Central Depository Services

th

(India) Limited, A Wing, 25 Floor, Marathon

Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg,

Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an

email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call

on 022-23058542/43

(iii) The voting rights of Members shall be in

proportion to their shareholding in the paid up

equity share capital of the Company as on the

Cut-off date and a person who is not a Member

as on the Cut-off date should treat the Notice for

information purpose only.

(iv) Any person, who acquires shares of the

Company and become Member of the

Company after dispatch of the Notice and

holding shares as on the cut-off date may follow

the same instructions as mentioned above for

E-voting.

(v)

The Company has opted to provide the same

electronic voting system at the Meeting, as used

during remote E-voting, and the said facility

shall be operational till all the resolutions

proposed in the Notice are considered and

voted upon at the Meeting and may be used for

voting only by the Members holding shares as on

the Cut-off date who are attending the Meeting

and who have not already cast their vote(s)

through remote E-voting.

(vi) The Company has appointed Shri Ronak

Jhuthawat (Certificate of Practice No. 12094) of

M/s Ronak Jhuthawat & Co., Company

Secretary in practice, as Scrutinizer to scrutinize

08:

Managing Director of

Corporation Bank and Executive Director of Punjab

National Bank, held Field General Manager and other posts

in Bank of Baroda and was Chief General Manager (on

deputation) of India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd.

Shri Bansal is a result oriented professional with expertise in

credit and project appraisal across all segments. Shri Bansal

was a Speaker at various seminars and conferences

organised by Industry Chambers like FIICI and CII,

Management Institutes like IIM-A and International

conferences in Singapore and Dubai. The Company

strongly believes that Shri Bansal with his rich experience in

Corporate Finance, growth strategies, general and risk

management skills, meets the requisite requirements.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 161 of the Companies

Act, 2013 (Act), Shri Sadhu Ram Bansal as an Additional

Director, shall hold office up to the date of this AGM and is

eligible to be appointed as an Independent Director of the

Company. The Company has received requisite Notice

under Section 160 of the Act from a Member, proposing his

candidature as an Independent Director of the Company.

The Company has also received his consents and

declarations of independence under Section 149(6) of the

Act and Regulation 16 of the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (SEBI Listing Regulations). In terms of

Regulation 25(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, he has

confirmed that he is not aware of any circumstance or

situation, which exist or may be reasonably anticipated that

could impair or impact his ability to discharge his duties.

Further, requisite declarations of his non disqualification

and confirmation that he is not debarred from holding the

office of a Director by virtue of any SEBI order or order of any

other Authority have also been received by the Company.

09:

letter of appointment of Shri Sadhu Ram Bansal as an Independent Director setting out the terms and

conditions of his appointment is available for inspection by the Members at the Registered Office of the Company during

normal business hours on all working days upto and including the date of this AGM, at the venue of the Meeting and is also

posted on the website of the Company at www.jklakshmicement.com.

In the opinion of the Board, Shri Sadhu Ram Bansal is a person of integrity, posses relevant expertise/ experience and fulfils the

conditions of his appointment as an Independent Director as specified in the Act, Rules made thereunder and the SEBI Listing

Regulations. Further, keeping in view his qualification, vast experience and knowledge, the Board of Directors considers that his

association would be of immense benefit to the Company and it will be in the interest of the Company to appoint him as an

Independent Director of the Company. Accordingly, the Board recommends the Resolution as set out at Item No. 5 of the Notice

for approval of the Members by means of a Special Resolution.

Shri Sadhu Ram Bansal for himself and through his relatives, to the extent of their shareholding, if any, in the Company, may be

deemed to be concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the aforesaid Resolution. None of the other Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company and/or their relatives are in any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in

the said Resolution.

Item No. 6 and 7

The Board of Directors of the Company (Board) based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee of Directors (NRC) appointed Shri Arun Kumar Shukla (DIN:09604989) as an Additional Director with effect from

st

1 August 2022 and as ‘President & Director’ of the Company for a period of three years from that date on the terms and

remuneration determined by the NRC, as set out hereunder subject to requisite approval of Members as specified in the

Resolutions as set out at Item Nos. 6 and 7 of the Notice.

Pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act), Shri Arun Kumar Shukla as an Additional Director, shall hold office

up to the date of this AGM and is eligible to be appointed as a Director of the Company. The Company has received requisite

Notice under Section 160 of the Act from a Member, proposing his candidature as a Director of the Company.

The Company has received requisite declarations from Shri Arun Kumar Shukla regarding his non disqualifications and

confirmation that he is not debarred from holding the office of Director by virtue of any SEBI order or order of any other

Authority.

In terms of Schedule V to the Act, the relevant details are as under:

I. General Information:

1. Nature of Industry: Cement.

2. Date or expected date of commencement of commercial production: JK Lakshmi Cement plant of the Company was

commissioned in the year 1982.

3. In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project approved by financial institutions

appearing in the prospectus: Not Applicable.

4. Financial Performance based on given indicators:

st

Particulars for the Financial Year ended 31 March 2022

` in Crore

Sales and Other Income

5,108.03

Profit before Interest, Depreciation and Tax

868.52

Profit before Depreciation& Tax

772.21

Profit After Tax

417.56

5. Foreign investments or collaborations, if any:

Not Applicable

II. Information about the Appointee:

(1) Background Details: Shri Arun Kumar Shukla,

aged 52 years, holds a B.E. in Civil, is an alumnus

of IIM, Calcutta, and has also done leadership and

general management program from INSEAD,

France, with close to three decades of experience in

leadership roles across Cement & Steel industries.

The Company had earlier appointed Shri Arun

Kumar Shukla as ‘President’of the Company

th

with effect from 8 February 2021. During his

association, Shri Shukla has been able to drive

various Cost Cutting Initiatives apart from

considerably improving the Sales Volume and also

the Net Sales Realization in various markets. Before

joining JK Lakshmi Cement Ltd., Shri Shukla

worked with Tata Steel, Lafarge India and Dalmia

Bharat Cement. Shri Shukla is one of the few

Cement professionals in India who has shouldered

leadership roles in all major functions like Sales &

Marketing, Manufacturing, Project execution,

technical services etc, just to name a few. Shri

10:

Managing Director of the Company.

Shri Arun Kumar Shukla shall be responsible for

various aspects of operations of the Company

including Technical, Materials, HR, Administration,

Corporate Governance, Legal, Project expansion

activities, Commercial, Marketing activities and

lead the Company’s large distribution network of

Sales Promoters, dealers and transporters to

achieve Company’s objectives and Brand

Positioning.

Under his leadership and during his association

with the Company, he is credited with setting

new benchmarks of operational performance.

Shri Arun Kumar Shukla has been able to drive

various initiatives, particularly in areas of building

channel capability, effective price management,

and product, geo-mix optimization & segment mix

optimization, driving plant operational

performance, rolling out ambitious plan for

renewable energy, digitalization at all levels and

(E)

Contribution to Provident Fund, Superannuation

Fund or Annuity Fund as per Rules of the Company.

(F)

Gratuity at the rate of 15 days Salary for each

completed year of service.

(G) Encashment of unavailed leave as per Rules of the

Company.

promoting a circular economy. Shri Shukla has

been able to deliver highest ever volumes, crossing

one million MT mark repeatedly, and the

profitability in the past few months. His strategic

moves and strong performance centric approach is

paying out.

(5) Remuneration proposed: The NRC and the Board

th

at their respective meetings held on 18 May

2022, have approved the following terms of

remuneration of Shri Arun Kumar Shukla for a

st

period of three years w.e.f. 1 August 2022:

(A) Salary: 7.50 Lakh per month in the salary range

`

of 4.00 Lakh per month to 11.50 Lakh per

`

`

month, with such increments as may be determined

by the NRC/ Chairman/ Vice Chairman &: Managing Director of the Company, from time

to time.

(B)

Perquisites, allowances and benefits: Perquisites

comprising provision of residential accommodation

or house rent allowance in lieu thereof together with

furnishings, reimbursement of medical expenses

incurred including hospitalization and surgical

charges for self and family and travel relating

thereto and leave travel including foreign travel for

self and family, club fees, premium on personal

accident insurance, car(s) with driver, telephone

etc., and such other perquisites, benefits and

allowances as may be determined by the NRC/

Managing Director

of the Company who is also a Chairperson of UCWL and

her relatives may be deemed to be concerned or interested,

financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution. None of the

other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

and/or their relatives, are, in any way, concerned or

interested, financially or otherwise in the said Resolution.

preceding financial year, that is represented by the

value of the proposed transaction and that of the

Subsidiary’s annual turnover on a standalone

basis: Approx. 27% of annual consolidated

turnover of JK Lakshmi Cement Limited for the

Financial Year 2021-22 and approx. 170% of the

UCWL’s annual turnover on standalone basis for

the Financial Year 2021-22.

(e)

Justification: The Material RPTs mentioned in the

Resolution, being of operational and critical

nature, play a significant role in the Company’s

business. The transactions shall be undertaken with

a view to ensure continuity of existing operations,

achieving synergies and economies of scale,

reducing operational and logistics costs, etc. and

thus, are in the best interest of the Company.

(f)

Details of the valuation or other external party

report, if any relied upon: Not Applicable.

By Order of the Board

B.K. Daga

Sr. Vice President & Company Secretary

Regd. Office:

Jaykaypuram-307 019

Distt. Sirohi (Rajasthan)

th

Date: 18 July 2022

14:

Letter and relevant Forms available

on the website of the Company at https://www.jklakshmicement.com/kyc-documents/.

st

Members may note that effective from 1 January 2022, any service request or complaint received from the Member,

will not be processed by RTA till the aforesaid details/ documents are provided to RTA. The Folios wherein any of the

st

above cited documents/ details are not available on or after 1 April 2023, shall be frozen by RTA. Frozen Folios shall

be converted to normal status upon receipt of the above documents/ details or dematerialization of Shares.

th

(2) Members may note that SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated 25 January

2022 has mandated the listed companies to issue securities in dematerialized form only while processing service requests

viz. Issue of duplicate securities certificate; claim from unclaimed suspense account; renewal/ exchange of securities

certificate; endorsement; sub-division/splitting of securities certificate; consolidation of securities certificates/folios;

transmission and transposition. Accordingly, Members are requested to make service requests by submitting a

duly filled and signed Form ISR – 4, the format of which is available on the website of the Company at

https://www.jklakshmicement.com/kyc-documents/. It may be noted that any service request can be processed only after

the Folio is KYC compliant.

(3) Investor Grievances can be lodged electronically with the RTA. Please log on to www.mcsregistrars.com and click on

Investors Services to register your queries/ grievances which will be promptly responded by the RTA. Please write to the

rd

Company Secretary at Secretarial Department at Gulab Bhawan (Rear Block), 3 Floor, 6A, Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg,

New Delhi- 110 002 or E-mail: jklc.investors@jkmail.com in case RTA’s response is not received within a week’s time.

(4) Investor Education and Protection Fund:

(a)

Unclaimed Dividend – Transfer to Investor Education and Protection Fund

Pursuant to Sections 124, 125 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act) read with

Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (IEPF Rules),

amended from time to time, the unclaimed dividend shall be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund

(IEPF) on expiry of 7 years from the date of transfer of such dividend to the Unpaid Dividend Account of the Company.

Accordingly, the unclaimed dividend will be transferred to the IEPF as under:

FOR ATTENTION OF THE MEMBERS

16:

MANAGING DIRECTOR

SUDHIR A. BIDKAR

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

BRIJESH K. DAGA

Sr. VICE PRESIDENT & COMPANY SECRETARY

B. V. BHARGAVA

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

Dr. RAGHUPATI SINGHANIA

DIRECTOR

N. G. KHAITAN

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

Amb. BHASWATI MUKHERJEE

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

RAVI JHUNJHUNWALA

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

S. R. BANSAL

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

Dr. S. CHOUKSEY

S. K. WALI

WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR

WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Corporate Information

Progress lies not in enhancing what is,

but in advancing toward what WILL be.

Achieve Operational

Excellence

Be a workplace of choice -

Attract, Retain and Grow

Talent Pool of change leaders

Achieve growth in Sales &

Proﬁt, higher than comparable

sized players

Create superior value for the

customer through Premium

Products & Brand Positioning

Continuously enhance

shareholders' wealth and be a

Preferred Portfolio among

Investors

Be a Socially Responsible

Corporate Citizen

Caring for people

Integrity including intellectual

honesty, openness, fairness &

trust

Commitment to excellence:

Managing Director

VINITA SINGHANIA

सव¥ भवÆत सिखनः । सव¥ सÆत िनरामयाः ।

ु ु

ु

सव¥ भþािण पÔयÆत । मा किĲत दःख भाµभवेत ॥

ु

्

्

ु

ॐ शािÆतः शािÆतः शािÆतः॥

including the unabated increase in petcoke, diesel prices and other

raw materials is indeed a matter great satisfaction; thanks to our

team’s resolute, commitment and efforts in raising the bar by way of

operational efficiencies, energy cost, better product mix and higher

volume.

India is home to nearly 1.4 billion people; which is the second largest in

the world and one out of every six humans on this planet is our fellow

countrymen. It is well recognised that our country is home to the

world’s youngest population and people - power is the foundation of

our future progress. We too firmly believe that our people are our

core strength and harnessing their potential is a key to growth. Their

mutual trust and commitment towards ensuring a better future is

manifested in our pursuit of all-round progress. We monitor our

progress through multiple parameters of Performance, People and

Planet. Our people oriented practices have been duly validated in the

Company being chosen amongst the Top 25 Coolest Workplaces in

India by the leading magazine ‘Business Today’ and getting repeated

recognitions as a ‘Great Place to Work’. Besides providing a great

work-life balance, JK Lakshmi Cement has always focused on

employees’ welfare and workers’ safety & health; which in turn has led

to building of a healthy and productive organisation.

We continue to strengthen meaningful relationships with our

stakeholders by contributing a fair share of value and undertaking

industry leading developmental programmes. A few glimpses of our

endeavours are as follows:

4 Our CSR initiatives have directly impacted more than 2.25 lac lives

in the states of Rajasthan, Haryana, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat and

Odisha;

4 We regularly interact with all our eligible employees, their families

and communities;

4 Under ‘JK CARES’, a comprehensive covid assistance, relief

and support initiative, the dependent families of deceased

employees during the waves of covid menace received

assistance which includes continuance of salary, other

perquisites, education support for children and medical

insurance for their families.

It is our continuous endeavour that initiatives of providing safe,

comfortable, and hygienic facilities even to the transporters and

drivers who serve our customers; are given as much importance as it

is given for our employees or to the communities near to our plants’

locations.

With focus on Planet and Sustainability, the Company’s utilization of

renewable energy has touched 30% of the total consumption; and we

are on firm footing to reach above 50% by 2025, with our vision at

80% and above by 2030. It is heartening to note that all Company’s

operational sites are water positive, and, zero solid and liquid waste

discharging units.

In our product offerings, in addition to our commitment to quality; we

regularly upgrade our technologies to reduce emissions and

maximise use of alternative materials while continuously reducing the

use of fossil fuels. Nearly a decade ago,

JK Lakshmi Cement took the lead in

introducing Autoclaved Aerated Concrete

(AAC) Blocks for building construction with

an aim to replace conventional clay bricks that

consumed a lot of top fertile soil and fossil

fuels. Company’s AAC Blocks are certified as

Green Product by Green Pro, Green Products

& Services Council; which help the customers

earn Green Points. Our blended cements are

also certified as Green by CII – Green Products

& Services Council. In addition, our R & D and

product innovation teams are working on next

generation products that would significantly

reduce the carbon footprint of our products.

Environment conservation, safety culture, and

quality consciousness are universal concerns

and JK Lakshmi Cement is committed to

enhance excellence in operation consistently

by making efforts, big or small. We firmly

believe that actions of tomorrow lay in the

foundations of today. As our country is

committed towards inclusive growth and

sustainable development, JK Lakshmi Cement

is well-aligned to the infrastructure and

sustainability needs of the nation.

th

India this year, shall be celebrating 75 year of

its independence. It has been an exciting

journey towards progress of the country and

in our last 40 years we too have had the

moments of joy and anxieties with the latter

having made us stronger and determined to

collectively put our energies towards a

brighter future. I take this opportunity to

congratulate all my employees, business

associates, service providers, and everyone

who are connected with us in this celebration

of independence, progress and prosperity.

We remain committed to create value and

share the same among all our stakeholders

and look to the future with promise. I am

confident that we shall scale further to newer

heights and milestones of performance and

prosperity.

Jai Hind.:

letter to their parents / spouse, duly

signed by Head-HR. This initiative was to make them

feel proud about their family member’s achievement

upon joining one of the ‘India’s Great Place to Work’.

4

Founder’s Day: With great pride, enthusiasm and a

th

sense of accomplishment we commemorated the 137

birth anniversary of Shri Lala Kamlapat Ji Singhania as

the Founder’s Day in November 2021. JK Organisation,

a dynamic and highly respected conglomerate,

continues to be guided by the core values of caring for

people, integrity, openness, fairness, trust and

commitment to excellence; principles inculcated by

our great founder. On this momentous occasion, Shri

Bharat Hari Singhania - President, JK Organisation paid

rich tributes to the visionary and the great leader. At

this event, tributes were also paid to the employees

and 40 / 25 years meritorious service awards were

given.

4

Shripati Singhania Memorial Cricket Tournament: The

th

7 Shripati Singhania Memorial Cricket Tournament

2022 was conducted and it proved to be a great team

bonding and enjoyable exercise. Twelve teams and

over 150 players contested for this prestigious trophy.

4

Rangoli Competition: A rangoli competition was held

by the HR department in all zones for all the employees.

The competition was organised to welcome the festive

vibes and offer a joyous ambiance to celebrate Durga

Puja, Diwali and Karva Chauth. The competition also

became a useful tool for employee engagement and

motivation in these turbulent times.

Virtual Connect:

Covid-19 has changed how the world works and eventual

advent of new style of working using technology and

digitisation has come to the fore. At JK Lakshmi Cement,

we have always stayed ahead of the curve, anticipated the

challenges and implemented and initiated several virtual,

technology and digital initiatives to increase the

productivity of the people and the processes.

4

Leveraging new age tools and technologies including

virtual mode of communication (Zoom, Microsoft

Teams, Google Meet, WhatsApp) were effectively used

to drive various HR processes such as learning and

development, employee connect and engagement

a c t i v i t i e s , t a l e n t a c q u i s i t i o n , o p e n - h o u s e

communication meetings, performance and talent

management process, etc.

4

Customised competency based virtual development

programmes were conducted for sales and technical

services employees through Zoom / Microsoft Teams

for capability enhancement.

4

Digitisation of HR processes viz. Individual

Development Plan (IDP) Portal, Separation,

Recruitment and e-joining Portal were initiated.

4

Processes such as internal employee KRAs, targets and

back-end IT ecosystem were realigned to meet the

expectation of our customers

4

Up-skilling was achieved by the team through regular

trainings, structured problem solving, as well as data

processing and visualisation tools such as Alteryx, Qlik,

Tableau, DataIku and ArcGis.

Rewards and Recognition:

Our Company’s constant and persistent

efforts to ensure best people-practices by

striving for higher degree of excellence

over the years, have won us accolades.

People-first HR policies, exemplary

workplace ambiance, our values and

culture have helped us bag these

prestigious awards:

4

We have been recognised as one of

the “25 Coolest Workplace” by

Business Today (2021) and “Dream

Company to Work (Cement Sector

2021)” by ET Now (2021), which

exhibits the importance we have

placed on our teammates and the way

our employees are groomed, nurtured,

developed and retained

4

We have been awarded Times Ascent

‘Dream Companies to Work For’ 2021 in

the Cement Sector

JK Lakshmi Cement's Jhajjar unit has been

commemorated the prestigious top ranked

award - "National Safety Award -2018",

constituted by the Director General Factory

Advise Services Labour Institute; Ministry

Labour Employment, Government of India.

It’s a matter of deep pride that these incredible

awards reinforce the strength of JK Lakshmi

Cement's community comprised of the exalted

leadership, management, employees and all

the stakeholders. Determined to continue this

culture of safety in all the units, these awards

recognise outstanding and exemplary

initiatives, and practices in areas of developing

effective safety culture to reduce incidents and

accidents, and save precious human lives at

workplaces.

“JK Lakshmi Cement

Ltd. Surat Unit”

st

awarded with its 1

th

prestigious “4 Level

NSCI Safety Award –

“PRASHANSA PATRA

- 2021” organised by

“National Safety

Council of India” for

“Implementation of

Best Safety Practices

and Zero Reportable

Accident”.:

Managing Director, Smt. Vinita

Singhania has been conferred with Ladies FICCI FLO

awards of excellence 2022 for excellence in

Entrepreneurship and Best Family Business award led

by Women by Money Control Pro (Network 18).

• During FY 2022, JK Lakshmi Cement Limited – Jhajjar

Unit received the Environment Excellence award

instituted by “FAME” (Foundation for Accelerated

Mass Empowerment).

• JK Lakshmi Cement Limited – Sirohi plant received

Excellence award for co-processing of waste in

cement plant from Icon SWM-CE.

• JK Lakshmi Cement Limited – Durg Unit was declared

as a winner for outstanding achievement in

promotion of healthcare award conferred by Green

Tech Foundation.

• Our Platinum Heavy Duty brand has been awarded as

Asia’s most promising brand by the Economic Times.

PROGRESS OF THE PROJECTS AND EXPANSIONS

During Financial Year 2021-22, the Company successfully

commissioned Waste Heat Recovery Project with an annual

capacity of 10 MW in Jaykaypuram, Sirohi.

Udaipur Cement Works Ltd; the Expansion Project is

progressing satisfactorily and is expected to be completed

by March 2024.

INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS

The Internal Financial Control systems are required for

increase in transparency and accountability in an

organization’s process of designing and implementing a

system of internal control. The framework requires a

company to identify and analyze risks and manage

appropriate responses. The Company has successfully laid

down the framework and ensured its effectiveness.

The Company has in place a strong Internal Financial

Control System, Policies & Procedures which ensures

accuracy & completeness of Accounting Records and helps

also in timely preparation of the reliable Financial

Statements. These Internal Financial Control Systems are

designed for safeguarding the assets of the Company and

for the prevention and detection of errors & frauds

commensurate with the size, nature & complexities of the

Operations of the Company. These Policies and Procedures

were found by the Statutory Auditors of the Company to be

adequate for smooth, orderly & efficient conduct of the

business of the Company.

The Company has in place specific Standard Operating

Practices (SOPs) for its various functions. These SOPs are

periodically reviewed by the External & Internal Auditors of

the Company and exceptions are reported for corrective

actions.

The Internal Financial Control Systems are regularly

reviewed to ensure their effectiveness, taking into account

the essential components of Internal Financial Controls as

stated in the Guidance Note on the Audit of Internal

Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Based on such

assessments carried out by the Management, no reportable

material weaknesses in the adequacy in the System of

Operations of Internal Financial Controls were observed

during the year.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Since its inception and well before the Corporate Social

Responsibility (CSR) Law had come into existence, serving

the society towards improving the quality of life of the

communities at large has been a priority and commitment

for your Company. The concept of socially responsible

business is deeply ingrained into our corporate DNA right

from the initial years and till date we have pioneered and

delivered several CSR projects for needy and vulnerable

communities & families. The Company’s CSR vision clearly

states to strengthen community relationship and to bring

sustainable change in the quality of life of neighbourhood

community through innovative solutions in Education,

Health, Water & Sanitation, Skills Development, Livelihood

Promotion and Rural Development.

CSR is the continuing commitment by the Company to

behave ethically and contribute to economic development,

while improving the quality of life of the work force, their

families as well as of the local community and society at

large. As the beginning of Financial Year saw deadly

outbreak of COVID-19 Delta variant, the Company

responded to the unprecedented oxygen crisis by setting up

Oxygen plant at Govt. Community Health Centre, Pindwara

in Sirohi district of Rajasthan. Oxygen concentrators and

cylinders, examination gloves, thermometers, oximeters,

vaporizers and surgical masks were provided to district

health departments and other agencies. The team

supported vaccination drive across locations through

creating awareness and mobilising people to the

vaccination centres.

Surge in Delta and Omicron variants of Covid-19 Pandemic

during the year and government enforced restrictions on

meetings, gatherings and mobility had critically impacted

implementation schedule of various CSR projects. Education

and skilling projects had been the worst casualties. Closure

of government schools for the extended period had caused

non-implementation of planned education activities.

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

42

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

43:

Managing Director of the

Company shall henceforth be a Director not liable to retire

by rotation.

There were no other changes in the Directors/Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company during the year

under review.

SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE

REGULATORS OR COURTS OR TRIBUNALS

During the Financial Year under review, there were no

significant and material orders passed by the Regulators or

Courts or Tribunals which could impact the going concern

status of the Company and its future operations.

CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS

During the Financial Year under review, there was no

change in the nature of business of the Company.

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Listing Regulations, the

Business Responsibility Report of the Company for the

Financial Year 2021-22 in the prescribed format, giving an

overview of the initiatives taken by the Company from an

environmental, social and governance perspective is given

in a separate section of the Annual Report and forms a part

of it.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE & MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Your Company reaffirms its commitment to the highest

standards of corporate governance practices. Pursuant to

the Listing Regulations, a Management Discussion and

Analysis, Corporate Governance Report and Auditors’

Certificate regarding compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance are made a part of this Report as Annexure –

‘F’ & 'G’.

The Corporate Governance Report which forms part of this

Report inter-alia covers the following:

(a) Particulars of the four Board Meetings held during

the Financial Year under review;

(b) Salient features of the Nomination and Remuneration

Policy;

(c) The manner in which formal annual evaluation of

the performance of the Board of Directors, of its

Committees and of individual Directors has been

made;

(d) The details with respect to composition of Audit

Committee and establishment of Vigil Mechanism;

(e) Details regarding Risk Management Committee;

(f) Dividend Distribution Policy;

(g) Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013;

COMPLIANCE OF SECRETARIAL STANDARDS

Based on the Secretarial Audit Report of the Secretarial

Auditor, the Company has duly complied with the applicable

Secretarial Standards on Meetings of Board of Directors and

General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

As required under Section 134(3)(c) of the Act, your

Directors state that:-

(a) In the preparation of the Annual Accounts, the

applicable accounting standards have been

followed along with proper explanation relating to

material departures;

(b) such accounting policies have been selected and

applied consistently and judgments and estimates

made are reasonable and prudent so as to give a

true and fair view of the state of affairs of the

Company at the end of the Financial Year and of the

profit and loss of the Company for that period;

(c) Proper and sufficient care have been taken for the

maintenance of adequate accounting records in

accordance with the provisions of the said Act for

safeguarding the assets of the Company and for

preventing and detecting fraud and other

irregularities;

(d) The annual accounts have been prepared on a

going concern basis;

(e) The internal financial controls to be followed by the

Company have been laid down and that such

internal financial controls are adequate and were

operating effectively; and

(f) The proper systems to ensure compliance with the

provisions of all applicable laws have been devised

and that such systems are adequate and operating

effectively.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Your Directors wish to place on record and acknowledge

their appreciation for the continued support and valuable

co-operation received from the Financial Institutions, Banks,

Government Authorities, Dealers, Suppliers, Business

Associates and Company’s valued Customers and the

esteemed Members for the faith they continue to repose in

the Company.

Your Directors also record their appreciation for the

dedication and hard work put in by “Team-JK Lakshmi”,

which has enabled the Company to continue its growth

journey in these challenging times.

Place: New Delhi

th

Date: 18 May 2022

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Bharat Hari Singhania

Chairman

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

46

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

47:

letter

and spirit. The Company has in place a Code of

Corporate Ethics and Conduct reiterating its

commitment to maintain the highest standards in its

interface with stakeholders and clearly laying down the

core values and corporate ethics to be practiced by its

entire management cadre.

2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

st

As on 31 March 2022, the Board of Directors of the

Company consists of Ten Directors comprising of three

Executive Directors and seven Non-executive Directors

(NED) out of which five are Independent Directors (IND).

Four Board Meetings were held during the Financial Year

st

th

2021-22 ended 31 March 2022 i.e.,on 20 May 2021,

th

th

nd

29 July 2021, 29 October 2021 and 2 February

2022. Attendance and other details of the Directors

st

for the Financial Year ended 31 March 2022 are

given below:

Name of the Directors

DIN

Category No. of Board Whether

No. of other Directorships and

Meetings

last AGM

Committee Memberships/

Attended

attended

Chairmanships held

(26.8.2021)

in other companies

Director- Committee

Committee

ships $

Memberships Chairmanships

@

@

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania,

00041156

NED

4

Yes

4

-

-

Chairman#

Smt. Vinita Singhania,

00042983 Executive

4

Yes

5

-

-

Vice Chairman &: Managing Director

Shri B.V. Bhargava

00001823

IND

4

Yes

3

4

1

Dr. Kashi Nath Memani^

00020696

IND

4

Yes

2

1

-

Shri Nand Gopal Khaitan

00020588

IND

4

Yes

6

7

2

Dr. Raghupati Singhania

00036129

NED

4

Yes

7

2

1

Shri Ravi Jhunjhunwala

00060972

IND

4

Yes

8

5

2

Dr. Shailendra Chouksey,

00040282 Executive

4

Yes

1

-

-

Whole-time Director

Shri Sushil Kumar Wali,

00044890 Executive

4

Yes

2

1

-

Whole-time Director

Amb. Bhaswati Mukherjee

07173244

IND

4

Yes

3

1

-

st

# Shri Bharat Hari Singhania, became Non-executive

Managing Director.

Relationship between Directors inter-se: Shri Bharat Hari

Singhania and Dr. Raghupati Singhania are brothers. None

of the other Directors are related to each other within the

meaning of the Act.

The number of Equity Shares of ` 5/- each held by the Non-

st

executive Directors as on 31 March 2022 are: Shri Bharat

Hari Singhania – 2,06,872 shares (includes 324 shares held

as Karta of Bharat Hari Singhania [HUF]), Shri B.V. Bhargava

– 6,660 shares, Shri Nand Gopal Khaitan – 15,948 shares

and Dr. Raghupati Singhania – 4,43,348 shares [includes

1,30,316 shares held as Karta of Raghupati Singhania

(HUF)].

Dr. Kashi Nath Memani, Amb. Bhaswati Mukherjee and

Shri Ravi Jhunjhunwala do not hold any shares in the

Company.

The Company does not have any outstanding convertible

instruments.

3.

SEPARATE MEETING OF THE INDEPENDENT

DIRECTORS

In accordance with the provisions of Schedule IV to the

Act and Regulation 25 of the Listing Regulations, a

separate meeting of the Independent Directors of the

nd

Company was held on 2 February 2022. Shri Nand

Gopal Khaitan was unanimously elected as Chairman

of the meeting and all the Independent Directors of the

Company were present at the said Meeting.

4.

FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME FOR

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 25(7)

of the Listing Regulations, the Company has been

conducting various familiarisation programmes. The

details of such familiarisation programmes for

Independent Directors have been disclosed on the

website of the Company and the web link is

https://tinyurl.com/27rf7scn

5.

PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

As required, the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee of Directors specified the manner for

effective evaluation of performance of the Board, its

Committees and individual Directors in accordance

with the provisions of the Act and the Listing

Regulations.

The Board of Directors has made formal annual

evaluation of its own performance and that of its

committees and individual Directors (including

Independent Directors) pursuant to the provisions of

the Act and the corporate governance requirements as

prescribed under the Listing Regulations.

Performance of the Board was evaluated after seeking

inputs from all the Directors on the basis of the criteria

such as adequacy of its composition and structure,

effectiveness of board processes, information and

functioning, etc.The performance of the committees

was evaluated by the Board after seeking inputs from

the committee members on the basis of criteria such as

composition of committees, terms of reference of

committees, effectiveness of the committee meetings,

participation of the members of the committee in the

meetings, etc.

The Board carried out evaluation of the performance

of individual Directors (including Independent

Directors) on the basis of criteria such as attendance

and effective participation and contributions at the

Dates of the Meetings and the number of Members attended:

Date of Meetings

Number of Members attended

th

20 May 2021

4

th

29 July 2021

4

th

29 October 2021

4

nd

2 February 2022

4

The names of the Members of the Committee and their attendance at the Meetings:

Name

Status

No. of Meetings attended

Shri Nand Gopal Khaitan

Chairman, IND

4

Dr. Raghupati Singhania

NED

4

Shri Ravi Jhunjhunwala

IND

4

Shri B.V. Bhargava

IND

4

The Audit Committee Meetings were attended by the Chief Financial Officer, the Head of Internal Audit, Company Secretary

and the Statutory Auditors. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Committee.

7.

STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

The Company has a Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee at the Board level which consists of four Directors,

comprising of two Non-Executive Directors (NED), one Independent Director (ID) and one Executive Director (ED). The

composition and the ‘Terms of Reference’ of the Committee are in conformity with the provisions of Section 178 of the Act

and Regulation 20 of the Listing Regulations as amended from time to time.

Dates of the Meetings and the number of Members attended:

Date of Meetings

Number of Members attended

th

29 July 2021

4

th

29 October 2021

4

nd

2 February 2022

4

The names of the Members of the Committee and their attendance at the Meetings:

Name

Status

No. of Meetings attended

Dr. Raghupati Singhania

Chairman, NED

3

Shri Nand Gopal Khaitan

IND

3

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania

NED

3

Dr. Shailendra Chouksey

ED

3

Shri B.K. Daga, Sr. Vice President & Company Secretary, is the Compliance Officer who oversees the investors’ grievances

including related to transfer/transmission of shares, non-receipt of balance sheet and dividends etc. During the financial year

st

ended 31 March 2022, the Company received 10 complaints from the investors and the same have since been resolved to the

satisfaction of investors.

meetings of the Board and its committees, exercise of

his/her duties with due & reasonable care, skill and

diligence, etc.

In a separate meeting of the Independent Directors of the

Company, performance of the Non-independent

Directors, performance of the Board as a whole and

performance of the Chairman was evaluated, taking

into account the views of Executive and Non- executive

Directors of the Company. The Chairman of the Meeting

of the Independent Directors apprised the Board about

the evaluation carried by it and that the Independent

Directors were fully satisfied in this regard.

6.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has an Audit Committee of Directors since

1987. The composition and the ‘Terms of Reference’ of

the Committee are in conformity with the provisions of

Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18 of the Listing

Regulations as amended from time to time.

The Committee consists of four Directors, out of which

three are Independent Directors (IND) and one is Non-

executive Director (NED). Four meetings of the Audit

Committee were held during the Financial Year ended

st

31 March 2022.

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

64

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

65:

Managing Director

th

(upto 30 September 2021)

2.

Smt. Vinita Singhania

7.04

2.19

0.08

15.00

24.31

Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director for a period of five years w.e.f.

st

1 August 2021; (b) Continuation of directorship of

Dr. Raghupati Singhania, as a Non-executive, Non-

Independent Director liable to retire by rotation; (c)

Adoption of new set of Articles of Association of the

Company; (d) Re-appointment of Amb. Bhaswati

Mukherjee as an Independent Director for a second

th

term of five consecutive years w.e.f., 28 March 2022;

(e) Continuation of Shri Bharat Hari Singhania,

Chairman, as Non-executive, Non Independent

Director, liable to retire by rotation and (f) Payment of

remuneration by way of commission or otherwise to

Non-executive Directors (including Independent

Directors) not exceeding three percent of the annual

net profits of the Company for each financial year,

th

were passed in the AGM held on 26 August 2021.

No Special Resolution passed last year through postal

ballot. There is no immediate proposal for passing

any special resolution through postal ballot.

13.

DISCLOSURES

(i) Related Party Transactions: Disclosures on

materially significant related party transactions

that may have potential conflict with the interests

of the Company at large: None

Suitable disclosures as required by Ind AS-24 -

Related Party Transactions have been made in the

Annual Report.

All the Related Party Transactions are dealt with in

accordance with the provisions of the Act and

Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations.

The Company has also formulated a policy on the

materiality of Related Party Transactions and on

dealing with Related Party Transactions.

This Policy is available on the website of the

Company and the weblink for the same is

https://tinyurl.com/yck4usr3

(ii) Details of non-compliance by the Company,

penalties, and strictures imposed on the

Company by Stock Exchanges or SEBI or any

Statutory Authority, on any matter related to

capital markets, during the last three years: There

were no cases of non-compliance of any matter

related to capital markets during the last three

years.

(iii) Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy: The

Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting

th

held on 25 July 2014 had established a Policy on

Vigil Mechanism for the Directors and Employees

of the Company to report their genuine concerns

or grievances relating to actual or suspected

fraud, unethical behavior, violation of the

Company’s Code of Conduct or Ethics Policy, and

The Tenure of Office of the Managing Directors and the Whole-time Directors is five years and three years, respectively from

their respective dates of appointment. In the case of Executive Directors, their notice period is six months. Severance Fees for the

Managing Directors is remuneration for the unexpired residue of respective terms or for three years, whichever is shorter.

Further, the Company does not have Sweat Equity/Scheme for stock option.

(ii)

Non-executive Directors:

During the financial year 2021-22, the Company paid sitting fees aggregating to ` 30.85 Lakh to all the Non-executive

Directors (NEDs) for attending the meetings of the Board and Committees of Directors of the Company. Commission payable

st

to NEDs is ` 140 Lakh; Shri Bharat Hari Singhania, Chairman (NED w.e.f. 1 October 2021) - ` 50 Lakh and ` 15 Lakh each to

Shri B.V. Bhargava, Dr. Kashi Nath Memani, Shri Nand Gopal Khaitan, Amb. Bhaswati Mukherjee, Dr. Raghupati Singhania

and Shri Ravi Jhinjhunwala. The Non-executive Directors did not have any other material pecuniary relationship or transactions

vis-à-vis the Company during the year except as stated above.

Year

Location

Date

Time

st

2018-19

Regd. Office: Jaykaypuram, Distt. Sirohi (Rajasthan)

31 August 2019

12.00 Noon

th

2019-20

Video Conferencing/Other Audio Visual Means

28 August 2020

2.30 P.M.

th

2020-21

Video Conferencing/Other Audio Visual Means

26 August 2021

2.30 P.M.

12. GENERAL BODY MEETINGS

Location and time for the last three Annual General Meetings (AGMs) of the Company were:

any other event which would adversely affect the

interests of the business of the Company. Whistle

Blowers may send their concerns/complaints to

the Chairman of Audit Committee in a sealed

envelope marked confidential, for appropriate

action. The details of establishment of such

mechanism has been also disclosed on the

website of the Company. During the year, no

concerns or any fraud were reported. Further, it is

affirmed that no personnel has been denied

access to the Audit Committee.

(iv) Prevention of Sexual Harassment of Women at

Workplace: Your Company is sensitive to women

employees at workplace. As required under the

Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace

(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act,

2013, the Company has a formal policy to ensure

safety of women and prevention of sexual

harassment and has set up Internal Complaints

Committee (ICC)at its work place(s) to redress the

complaints of women employees.

During the year, there was no complaint filed

with ICC and no complaint pending as on

st

31 March 2022.

(v) Disclosure of commodity price risks and

commodity hedging activities: As a part of Risk

Management Policy, the Company has identified

fluctuations in major commodity prices as one of

the risks. To mitigate the same, the Company

undertakes commodity hedging in the form of

advance procurement when the prices are

perceived to be low and also enters into advance

buying contracts as strategic sourcing initiative in

order to ensure availability of raw material and

prices under check.

Requisite details pursuant to SEBI Circular dated

th

15 November 2018: For the financial year

2021-22, Company’s exposure in petcoke and

coal was more than 10% of the total cost of

production. Board of Directors considered

Petcoke and Coal as ‘Material’ commodities for

the purpose of disclosure as required under the

aforesaid SEBI Circular.

(a) Total exposure of the Company to

commodities: ` 857 Crore.

(b) Exposure of the Company to various

commodities:

Commodity

Exposure in

Exposure in

% of such exposure hedged through commodity derivatives

Name

towards

Quantity terms

`

the particular

towards the

commodity

particular

commodity

Domestic market

International market

Total

OTC

Exchange

OTC

Exchange

Petcoke

516 Crore

4.06 Lakh MT

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Not Applicable

Coal

341 Crore

5.65 Lakh MT

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Not Applicable

(c) Commodity risks faced by the Company during the year: Nil

(vi) Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement as

st

specified under Regulation 32(7A): During the Financial Year ended 31 March 2022; the Company has not

raised any funds through preferential Allotment or through Qualified Institutions Placement.

th

(vii) Certificate: The Company has received a certificate dated 10 May 2022 from Shri Namo Narain Aggarwal,

Company Secretary in Practice (FCS No: 234, CP No. 3331) that none of the Directors on the Board of JK Lakshmi

Cement Ltd. has been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of the companies

by the Securities and Exchange Board of India/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority.

(viii) Subsidiary Companies: The financial statements, in particular, the investments made by the unlisted subsidiary

companies, if any, are reviewed by the Audit Committee.

The minutes of the Board Meetings of the unlisted subsidiary companies are placed at the Board Meeting of the

Company. A statement of all significant transactions and arrangements entered into by the unlisted subsidiary

companies, if any, are also placed at the Board Meeting of the Company.

Udaipur Cement Works Limited, is a material subsidiary as defined in Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations and

the relevant requirements have been duly complied with.

The Company has formulated a policy for determining material subsidiary as required under above Regulation and

the same is disclosed on the Company’s Website. The web link is www.jklakshmicement.com/companys-policy-

pdf/Policy-for-Material-Subsidiary.pdf.

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

68

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

69:

Letter of Confirmation” in the

prescribed format to effect issuance of shares in dematerialised form.

The Equity Shares of the Company are actively traded on

BSE and NSE. Trading in the Equity Shares of the

Company is permitted only in dematerialised form.

Shareholders may therefore, in their own interest,

dematerialise their physical shares, with any one of the

Depositories namely NSDL and CDSL. The ISIN for

Equity Shares of the Company for both the depositories

st

is INE786A01032. As on 31 March 2022, 99.14% of

the Equity Shares stand dematerialised. It may be noted

that in respect of shares held in demat form, all the

requests for nomination, change of address, ECS, Bank

Particulars and rematerialisation etc. shall be made only

to the Depository Participant (DP) of the Shareholders.

Shares Held in Demat Form with NSDL & CDSL and

st

in Physical Form as on 31 March 2022

(xii) Dematerialisation of Shares and Liquidity

CDSL

6.07%

Physical 0.86%

NSDL

93.07%

(xiii) Outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants/Options or any

Convertible instruments, conversion date and likely

st

impact on Equity: As on 31 March 2022– NIL.

(xiv) Commodity price risk or Foreign Exchange risk and

hedging activities: During the Financial Year ended

st

31 March 2022, the Company has managed the

foreign exchange risk and hedged to the extent

considered necessary through forward contracts.

(xv) Plant Locations:

(1) JK Lakshmi Cement

Jaykaypuram,

Dist. Sirohi - 307 019 (Rajasthan)

(2) JK Lakshmi Cement

Malpuri Khurd, Ahiwara,

District Durg-491001 (Chhattisgarh)

(3) JK Lakshmi Cement

Motibhoyan, Kalol

District Gandhi Nagar – 382010 (Gujarat)

(4) JK Lakshmi Cement

& Autoclaved Aerated Concrete (AAC) Block Unit

Village Bajitpur, P.O. Jhamri,

District Jhajjar-124507 (Haryana)

(5) JK Lakshmi Cement

Village Dastan, Taluka Palsana,

District Surat-394310 (Gujarat)

(6) JK Lakshmi Cement

Village Ghantikhal, Radhashyampur,

P. O. Khuntuni, District Cuttack-754 029 (Odhisha)

(xvi) Address for correspondence regarding share

transfers and related matters

(1) JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

Secretarial Department,

rd

Gulab Bhawan, 3 Floor (Rear Block),

6A, Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg,

New Delhi- 110 002

Ph:(011) 6820 1862

Contact Person: Shri B.K. Daga

(E-mail: jklc.investors@jkmail.com)

(2) Registrar & Share Transfer Agent (RTA) –

MCS Share Transfer Agent Ltd.

F-65, First Floor, Okhla Industrial Area,

Phase – I, New Delhi – 110 020,

Ph. (011) 41406149-50,

Fax No. (011) 41709881

E-mail: admin@mcsregistrars.com

Contact Person: Shri Ajay Dalal

E-mail: ajay.dalal@mcsregistrars.com

(xvii) This Corporate Governance Report of the Company

st

for the Financial Year ended 31 March 2022 is in

compliance with the requirements of Corporate

Governance under the Listing Regulations, as

applicable.

(xviii) Adoption of discretionary requirements specified in

Part E of Schedule II to the Listing Regulations- (a) The

Board: The Chairman of the Company is Non-

st

executive w.e.f. 1 October 2021.The Members at the

th

Annual General Meeting held on 26 August 2021

have approved maintenance of Chairman’s Office

pursuant to Regulation 27(1) of the Listing

Regulations; (b) Shareholder Rights: Half-yearly and

other quarterly financial results are published in

newspapers and uploaded on Company’s website

www.jklakshmicement.com. At present, the half yearly

financial performance and the summary of the

significant events in last six months are not sent to each

household of shareholders; (c) Modified opinion(s) in

audit report: The Company has a regime of financial

statements with unmodified opinion of Auditors; (d)

Reporting of Internal Auditor: The Internal Auditor of

the Company submits his Internal Audit Report to the

Audit Committee on quarterly basis.

(xix) The Company has complied with all the applicable

requirements specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and

clauses (b) to (i) of sub–regulation (2) of Regulation 46

of the Listing Regulations.

(xx) (a) Transfer of Shares to IEPF Authority:

In accordance with the Section 124(6) of the Act,

read with the Investor Education and Protection

Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and

Refund) Rules, 2016, as amended (IEPFA Rules),

the Company has transferred 52,175 Equity

Shares to the demat account of Investor Education

and Protection Fund Authority (IEPF) Authority,

during the year. The details of such Shareholders

are available on the website of the Company at

www.jklakshmicement.com. The said shares can

be claimed back by the Shareholders from the

IEPF Authority as per the procedure laid down in

the IEPFA Rules.

(b) Information in terms of Schedule V(F) of the Listing

Regulations:

Eight Equity Shares in respect of one Shareholder

lying in the Company’s Unclaimed Suspense

Account were transferred to the demat account of

IEPF Authority during the Financial Year ended

st

31 March 2022.

16. DECLARATION

This is to confirm that for the Financial Year ended

st

31 March 2022, all the Directors and Senior

Management Personnel of the Company have

affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for

Directors and Senior Management adopted by the

Board.

Vinita Singhania

Vice Chairman &: Managing

letter

dtd- 25.03.2022 for allotment of

fresh land elsewhere can be

looked into.

Amount in crores

Guarantees

Security

Loans

Aggregate amount granted/ provided

during the year

- Subsidiaries

350

-

-

- Joint Ventures

-

-

-

- Associates

-

-

-

- Others

-

-

15

Balance outstanding as at balance sheet

date in respect of above cases

- Subsidiaries

906.27

-

-

- Joint Ventures

-

-

-

- Associates

-

-

-

- Others

-

-

15

Name of the

Nature of

Amount

Period

Forum where

Statue

the Dues

dispute is pending

Sales Tax Act

Sales Tax 7.83

2006-2014

116.77

2003-09

Rajasthan High Court,

0.43

1992-1994

Jodhpur

8.08

2005-2006

0.42

1995-2000

23.83

2015- 2020

1.90

2020-2021

Bilaspur High Court

Total Sales Tax

159.26

Rajasthan Finance Act, 2006

Land Tax on

10.46

2006 to 2012-13

Hon'ble Supreme Court

and Rajasthan Finance Act, 2020

Mining & Non

1.75

2019-20

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur

Mining land

2.01

2020-21

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur

Total Land tax

14.22

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

94

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

95:

Managing Director

Significant Accounting Policies

1

The accompanying notes form an integral

part of these financial statement.

2-76

As per our report of even date

For S. S. KOTHARI MEHTA & COMPANY

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No.: 000756N

SUNIL WAHAL

Partner

Membership No.: 087294

Place: New Delhi

Date: 18th May, 2022

B.V. BHARGAVA

BHASWATI MUKHERJEE

N.G. KHAITAN

RAVI JHUNJHUNWALA

Dr. R.P. SINGHANIA

Dr. S. CHOUKSEY

S.K WALI

}

Directors

SUDHIR A. BIDKAR

Chief Financial Officer

B.K. DAGA

Sr. Vice President &

Company Secretary

For and on behalf of the Board

B.H. SINGHANIA Chairman

VINITA SINGHANIA Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the Year ended March 31, 2022

Company Overview, Basis of Preparation &

Significant Accounting Policies

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

102

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

103:

letter of credit which can be called upon if the counterparty is in default under the terms of the

agreement.

1.3 Investment in Equity Shares

Investment in Equity Securities are initially measured at cost. Any subsequent fair value gain or loss is recognized

through Statement of Profit and Loss if such investments in Equity Securities are held for trading purposes. The

fair value gains or losses of all other Equity Securities are recognized in Other Comprehensive Income.

1.4 Investment in Associates, Joint Ventures and Subsidiaries

The Company has accounted for its investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture at cost.

1.5 Derecognition of Financial Assets

A Financial Asset is primarily derecognized when:

•

The right to receive cash flows from asset has expired, or

•

The Company has transferred its right to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to

pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”

arrangement and either:

a)

The Company has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or

b)

The Company has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but

has transferred control of the asset.

When the Company has transferred its right to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass

through arrangement, it evaluates if and to what extent it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership.

When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor

transferred control of the asset, the Company continues to recognize the transferred asset to the extent of

the Company’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Company also recognizes an associated liability.

The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and

obligations that the Company has retained.

Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the

lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the

Company could be required to repay.

2.

Financial Liabilities

2.1 Definition

Financial liabilities include Long-term and Short-term Loans and Borrowings, Trade and Other payables and

Other eligible Current and Non-current Liabilities.

(a) Initial Recognition and Measurement

All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and

payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

The Company’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings including

bank overdrafts, and derivative financial instruments.

(b) Subsequent Measurement

The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below :

i) Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading. The

Company has designated any financial liabilities upon initial measurement recognition at fair value

through profit or loss. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are at each reporting date at

fair value with all the changes recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

ii) Financial Liabilities measured at Amortized Cost

After initial recognition, interest bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortized

cost using the effective interest rate method (‘’EIR’’) except for those designated in an effective hedging

relationship. The carrying value of borrowings that are designated as hedged items in fair value hedges

that would otherwise be carried at amortized cost are adjusted to record changes in fair values

attributable to the risks that are hedged in effective hedging relationship.

Amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fee or

costs that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortization is included in finance costs in the

Statement of Profit and Loss.

2.2 Loans and Borrowings

After initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the

effective interest rate method. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the Year ended March 31, 2022

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the Year ended March 31, 2022

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

106

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

107:

Managing Director (Chief Operating Decision Maker).

The Chief Operational Decision Maker monitors the operating results of its business Segments separately for the

purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is

evaluated based on each segments profit or loss and is measured consistently with profit or loss in the financial

statements.

(21) Cash dividend

The Company recognises a Liability to pay dividend to Equity Holders of the Company when the distribution is

authorised and the distribution is no longer at the discretion of the Company. As per the corporate laws in India, a

distribution is authorised when it is approved by the shareholders. A corresponding amount is recognised directly in

Other Equity. Interim Dividends are recognised as a Liability on the date of declaration by the Company's Board of

Directors.

(22) Recent Pronouncements

Ministry of Corporate Affairs ("MCA") notified new standard or amendments to the existing standards under

Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued from time to time. On 23 March 2022, MCA amended the

Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2022, applicable from 01 April 2022, as below:

IND AS 103 – Reference to Conceptual Framework

The amendments specify that to qualify for recognition as part of applying the acquisition method, the identifiable

assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of assets and liabilities in the Conceptual

Framework for Financial Reporting under Indian Accounting Standards (Conceptual Framework) issued by the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India at the acquisition date. These changes do not significantly change the

requirements of Ind AS103.The Company does not expect the amendment to have any significant impact in its

Financial Statements

IND AS 16 – Proceeds before intended use

The amendments mainly prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of property, plant and equipment amounts

received from selling items produced while the Company is preparing the asset for its intended use. Instead, an entity

will recognise such sales proceeds and related cost in statement of profit or loss. The Company does not expect the

amendments to have any impact in its recognition of its Property, Plant and Equipment in its Financial Statements.

IND AS 37 – Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets

The amendment specifies that the cost fulfilling a contract comprises the cost that relate directly to the contract Costs

that relate directly to a contract can either be incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (examples would be direct

labour, materials) or an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling contracts (an example would be the

allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of Property, Plant and Equipment used in fulfilling the contract). The

effective date for adoption of this amendment is annual periods beginning on or after April 1, 2022, although early

adoption is permitted. The Company has evaluated the amendment and the impact is not expected to be material

On 18 June 2021, MCA through a notification has notified Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment

Rules, 2021. The Notification has made amendments to various Ind AS. The Company does not expect the

amendments to have any significant impact in its Financial Statements.

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the Year ended March 31, 2022

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the Year ended March 31, 2022

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

112

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

113:

letter

dtd- 25.03.2022 for allotment of

fresh land elsewhere can be

looked into.

Year Ended

Year Ended

March 31 2022

March 31 2021

Depreciation expense of Right Of Use Assets

7.74

4.03

Interest Expense on Lease Liabilities

3.36

2.28

Expense relating to Leases of Short-term / Low Value Assets

10.45

12.91

(included in Other Expenses)

Total Amount recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss

21.55

19.22

Amounts recognised in Statement of Cash Flows:

Year Ended

Year Ended

March 31 2022

March 31 2021

Total Cash Outflow for Leases

19.49

17.75

Financing Activities

Repayment of Principal

5.68

2.56

Repayment of Interest

3.36

2.28

Operating Activities

Short Term / Low Value Assets Lease Payment

10.45

12.91

Movement in capital-work-in-progress

As at March 31 2022

As at March 31 2021

Note-2A

Capital-Work-in-Progress (CWIP)

Opening

227.50

151.89

Addition during the year

123.01

129.76

Capitalised during the year

201.73

23.23

Provision for Impairment (refer foot note 1)

(36.65)

(30.92)

Closing

112.13

227.50

1) Exceptional item includes Rs 36.65 crore (Previous year Rs 30.92 crore) represents diminution in the value of capital-work-

in-progress due to impairment of carrying cost of an asset under construction at the Company's Durg Cement Plant.

Capital Work in Progress (CWIP) Ageing

2) The Suspended project is expected to be completed in next 2-3 years.

3) There are no projects as on reporting period which has exceeded cost as compared to its original cost. The Projects

Temporarily Suspended are overdue for completion.

Particulars

Less than 1 year 1-2 year 2-3 year More than 3 year

Total

As on 31st March'22

Projects in Progress

58.47

7.16

0.82

0.10

66.55

Projects Temporarily Suspended (refer note 2)

-

-

-

45.58

45.58

Total

58.47

7.16

0.82

45.68

112.13

As on 31st March'21

Projects in Progress

95.48

39.77

1.33

1.79

138.37

Projects Temporarily Suspended

-

-

-

89.13

89.13

Total

95.48

39.77

1.33

90.92

227.50

` In Crore (10 Million)

` In Crore (10 Million)

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

114

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

115:

letter of credits/part

advance payments/post dated cheques. The outstanding’s of different parties are reviewed periodically at different level

of organization. The outstanding from the trade segment is secured by two tier security – security deposit from the

dealer himself, and our business associates who manage the dealers are also responsible for the outstanding from any

of the dealers in their respective region. Impairment analysis is performed based on historical data at each reporting

period on an individual basis. For aging of trade receivables refer note 11

Financial Instruments and Deposits with Banks:

The Company considers factors such as track record, size of institution, market reputation and service standards to select

the bank with which balances and deposits are maintained. Generally, balances are maintained with the institutions

with which the Company has also availed borrowings. The Company does not maintain significant cash and deposit

balances other than those required for its day to day operation.

43.3 Liquidity Risk:

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial

liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Company’s approach is to ensure, as far as

possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due.

The Company relies on a mix of borrowings, and excess operating cash flows to meet its needs for funds. The current

committed lines of credit are sufficient to meet its short to medium term expansion needs. The Company monitors

rolling forecasts of its liquidity requirements to ensure it has sufficient cash to meet operational needs while maintaining

sufficient headroom on its undrawn committed borrowings facilities at all times so that the Company does not breach

borrowing limits or covenants (where applicable) on any of its borrowing facilities.

Maturity Profile of Financial Liabilities:

The following table provides undiscounted cash flows towards financial liabilities* into relevant maturity based on the

remaining period at the balance sheet to the contractual maturity date.

S.No Particulars

Undiscounted Due within

Due between

Due after

Total

Amount

1 Year

1-5 Years

5 Years

1

As on 31st March, 2022

- Borrowings

980.57

188.68

621.74

170.15

980.57

- Trade Payables

298.33

298.33

-

-

298.33

- Other Liabilities

562.09

353.74

7.70

200.65

562.09

- Lease Liabilities

39.84

8.96

26.90

3.98

39.84

Total

1880.83

849.71

656.34

374.78

1880.83

As on 31st March, 2021

- Borrowings

1143.37

348.51

660.04

134.82

1143.37

- Trade Payables

379.22

379.22

-

-

379.22

- Other Liabilities

488.69

292.54

8.16

187.99

488.69

- Lease Liabilities

26.67

4.99

18.88

2.80

26.67

Total

2037.95

1025.26

687.08

325.61

2037.95

` in Crore (10 Million)

The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions and the

requirements of the financial covenants. The Company’s primary objective when managing capital is to ensure that it

maintains an efficient capital structure and healthy capital ratios and safeguard the Company’s ability to continue as a going

concern in order to support its business and provide maximum returns for shareholders. The Company also proposes to

maintain an optimal structure to reduce the cost of capital.

For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued capital, securities premium and all other equity

reserves. Net debt includes, interest bearing loans and borrowings less cash and short term deposits.

Note-44 Capital Risk Management:

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

128

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

129:

managing director of

the Company (Chief Operating Decision Maker).

Information about major customers

There are no revenues from transactions with a single external customer amounting to 10 per cent or more of an entity’s

revenues during the current and previous year.

st

st

Particulars

As at 31 March 2022 As at 31 March 2021

Opening

14.95

16.66

Deferred during the year

3.82

2.83

Released to profit and loss

(5.67)

(4.54)

Closing

13.10

14.95

Current

5.68

4.91

Non-Current

7.42

10.04

Note-46

Segment Information:

Note-47

Deferred Revenue:

` in Crore (10 Million)

Particulars

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

As at 31st March'2022

Financial Liabilities at FVTPL

- Financial Guarantee

-

-

34.69

Total Financial Liabilities

-

-

34.69

As at 31st March'2021

Financial Liabilities at FVTPL

- Financial Guarantee

-

-

31.69

Total Financial Liabilities

-

-

31.69

(B) Financial Liabilities

There have been no transfers between Level 1 ,Level 2 and Level 3 during the year ended March 31, 2022

ii. Deferred Tax recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI):

Particulars

2021-22

2020-21

Deferred Tax (Gain)/Loss on Defined Benefit

(4.66)

1.30

` in Crore (10 Million)

iv. Reconciliation of Deferred Tax (liabilities)/Assets (Net)

st

st

Particulars

As at 31 March 2022

As at 31 March 2021

Opening balance

(64.12)

(20.46)

Deferred tax recognized in statement of profit and loss

41.21

(42.36)

Other comprehensive income

4.66

(1.30)

Previous year adjustment

(29.53)

-

Mat Credit Utilisation

(46.55)

Closing balance

(94.33)

(64.12)

` in Crore (10 Million)

iii. Reconciliation of effective tax rate.

Particulars

2021-22

2020-21

Accounting profit/(loss) before Income Tax

558.30

496.59

At Applicable Statutory Income Tax Rate

34.944%

34.944%

Computed Income Tax Expense/(Income)

195.09

173.53

Increase/(reduction) in Taxes on account of :-

Income not taxable

-

(0.96)

Income not taxable during tax holiday period

(18.24)

(55.74)

Provision for impairment not considered deductible

-

10.80

Tax on which deduction is not admissible

14.30

5.14

Previous Year Tax Adjustments

29.53

-

Reversal of deferred tax liability on account of change in tax rate@

(88.60)

-

Income Tax Expense/(Income) Reported to Profit & Loss

132.08

132.77

` in Crore (10 Million)

` in Crore (10 Million)

v. Deferred Tax:

Deferred Tax relates to the followings:

Particulars

2021-22

2020-21

Deferred Tax Assets related to:

Brought forward losses set off

-

(83.79)

(Disallowances)/Allowances under Income Tax

(15.10)

5.05

Others

2.67

1.44

MAT Credit Entitlement

-

32.62

Total Deferred Tax Assets

(12.43)

(44.68)

Deferred Tax Liabilities related to:

Property, Plant and Equipment

70.30

0.73

Others

(12.00)

0.29

Total Deferred Tax Liabilities

58.30

1.02

Net total movement in Statement of Profit & Loss

45.87

(43.66)

Movement in Profit & Loss

41.21

(42.36)

Movement in OCI

4.66

(1.30)

@The Government of India has inserted a New Section 115 BAA in the Income Tax Act, 1961 which provides an option to

the Company for paying Income Tax at reduced rates, subject to certain conditions. The Company is continuing to provide

for Income Tax at Higher Old Rates, based on available MAT Credit Entitlement & various available exemptions /

deductions. However, the Company has applied the Lower Income Tax Rates on Deferred Tax Assets / Liabilities to the

extent there are expected to be realized or settled in future when the Company may be subjected to Lower Tax Rate and

st

accordingly in the Year ended 31 March 2022, the Company has reversed the Deferred Tax Liability of ` 88.60 Crores.

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the Year ended March 31, 2022

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the Year ended March 31, 2022

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

132

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

133:

Managing Director

Shri S.K. Wali

Whole-time Director

Dr. S. Chouksey

Whole-time Director

Shri B.V. Bhargava

Independent & Non Executive Director

Ms. Bhaswati Mukherjee

Independent & Non Executive Director

Shri N.G. Khaitan

Independent & Non Executive Director

Dr. K.N. Memani

Independent & Non Executive Director

Dr. Raghupati Singhania

Non Independent & Non Executive Director

Shri Ravi Jhunjhunwala

Independent & Non Executive Director

Shri Sudhir A Bidkar

Chief Financial Officer

Shri Brijesh K Daga

Sr. VP & Company Secretary

(d) Other related parties with whom Company has transactions

e)

Enterprise which holds more than 20% of Equity share

Bengal & Assam Company Limited (BACL)

f)

Trusts under common control

JK Lakshmi Cement Ltd. Compulsory Employees Provident Fund(EPF)

JK Lakshmi Cement Ltd. Officers Superannuation Fund(SF)

JK Lakshmi Cement Ltd. Employees Gratuity Fund(GF)

` in Crore (10 Million)

ii)

Remuneration Paid to KMPs

Particulars

2021-22

2020-21

Short term employee benefits

50.51

49.20

Post employment benefits*

12.32

-

Other payments

2.00

1.12

Receivable/(Payable) :

(27.68)

(25.99)

* As the liability for gratuity and leave encashment are provided on actuarial basis for the Company as a whole. The

amount pertaining to KMPs are not included above, except actual payment.

The transactions with related parties have been made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's length

transactions.

i)

The following transactions were carried out with related parties in the ordinary course of business :

Nature of Transactions

Refer name from above

UCWL HITCL

RKPPL DEL

BACL

Trusts

UCWL HITCL RKPPL DEL BACL Trusts

2021-22

2020-21

- Sharing of expenses received

1.39 0.02

- 0.04 0.07

- 2.28

-

- 0.12 0.06

-

- Payment of expenses

- 1.75

-

- 2.12

-

- 0.97

- - 2.10

-

- Sale of clinker/cement/others 204.66 3.82

-

-

-

- 205.67 8.78

- -

-

-

- Purchase of cement/others

431.90

-

-

-

-

- 298.87

-

- -

-

-

- Other income

1.53

-

-

- 2.49

- 2.19

-

- - 3.90

-

- Advances received back

-

-

-

- 3.33

-

-

-

- - 3.33

-

- ICD received back

-

-

-

- 30.00

-

-

-

- -

-

-

- Contribution

-

-

-

- 7.57

-

-

-

- 12.70

- Corporate guarantee given

on behalf of

350.00

-

270.00

-

Outstanding as at year end:

- Advance/Balance Receivable

(Payable)

(3.77) 8.98

-

-

-

- 2.28 4.85

- -

-

-

- Loan Receivable

10.00

18.04

- 10.00

50.17

-

EPF - (Contribution Payable)

-

-

-

-

(1.58)

-

-

- -

(0.80)

SF - Advance Receivable/

(Contribution Payable)

0.67

0.61

GF - Advance Receivable/

(Contribution Payable)

(10.76)

11.59

- Corporate Guarantee

Outstanding

906.27

-

-

572.15 10.00

-

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account (net of advances) ` 17.61 crore

(previous year ` 8.17 crore);

Note-56

Contingent liabilities in respect of claims not accepted by the Company (including matters in appeals) and not

provided for are as follows:

st

st

31 March 2022

31 March 2021

Particulars

a) Service tax

6.64

9.83

b) Sale tax and interest thereon

93.52

151.46

c) Income tax

5.78

6.62

c) Excise duty

1.83

1.83

e) Other matters

9.30

17.61

Total

117.07

187.35

` in Crore (10 Million)

Note-57

In respect of certain disallowances and additions made by the income tax authorities, appeals are pending before

Note-58

the appellate authorities and adjustment, if any, will be made after the same are finally settled.

Note-59 Contingent liability for non-use of jute bags for cement packing upto June 30, 1997, as per Jute Packaging

Materials (compulsory use of packaging commodities) Act, 1987 is not ascertained and the matter is subjudice.

The Government has excluded cement industry from application of the said order from July 01, 1997.

Note-60 Competition Commission of India (CCI) vide its order dated January 19, 2017 had imposed penalty on certain

cement companies including a penalty of ` 6.55 crore on the Company pursuant to a reference filed by the

government of Haryana. The Company has filed an appeal with Competition Appellate Tribunal (COMPAT)

against the said order. COMPAT has granted a stay on CCI order. After the merger of COMPAT with National

Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT), the Company’s case also stands transferred to NCLAT.

Although based on legal opinion, the Company believes that it has a good case but out of abundant caution the

Company had provided full amount during the earlier years.

Note-61 Maximum balance due for commercial paper issued during the year was nil and the year end balance is Nil

(previous year maximum balance ` 110.00 crore) and at the year end outstanding commercial paper is Nil

(previous year Nil).

Note-62 Rajasthan Government had granted the benefit of 75% exemption to the Company for a period of 9 years vide its

notification dated April 28, 2003 on the RST and CST payable u/s 15 of Rajasthan Sales Tax Act 1994. With the

enactment of VAT Act, 2006 the benefit of exemption for the balance period was converted into deferment w.e.f.

April 01, 2006. During the FY 2014-15 the Company had received demand notices for repayment of the principal

amount in respect of sales tax exemption, sales tax deferment and interest thereon. The principal amount of sales

tax exemption and sales tax deferment have already been paid in earlier years. The Rajasthan Tax Board Ajmer in

its order dated March 14, 2018 has set aside the entire demand of interest upto the period of demand notice.

The department has appealed before Hon’ble High Court of Jodhpur against the order of Rajasthan Tax Board, Ajmer

for interest portion and Company has appealed against the principal amount before Hon’ble High of Jodhpur. During

the year out of abundant caution the Company has partially provided for interest. (Refer note no. 73)

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

140

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

141:

Managing Director

Note-71 Events occurring after the balance sheet date

No adjusting or significant non-adjujsting events have occured between the reporting date and date of

authorization of these financial statements

Note-72 The Company has considered the possible effects that may result from the Pandemic relating to COVID-19 on the

carrying amounts of Property, Plant and Equipment, Investments, Inventories, Receivables and Other Current

Assets. In developing the assumptions relating to the possible future uncertainties in the economic conditions

because of this pandemic, the Company, as at the date of approval of these Financial Statements has used internal

and external sources on the expected future performance of the Company. The Company has performed analysis

on the assumptions used and based on current indicators of future economic conditions, the Company expects the

carrying amount of these Assets will be recovered and sufficient liquidity is available to fund the business operations

for at least another 12 months. Given the uncertainty because of COVID-19, the final impact on the Company's

assets in future may differ from that estimated as at the date of approval of these Financial Statement

Note-73 Exceptional Item of Rs.23.39 Crores includes:

a. Impairment of Rs.36.65 Crores in the Carrying Cost of an Asset under construction at Company’s Cement

Plant at Durg.

b. Provision of Rs.62.42 Crores made for matters under sub-judice

c.

Net of the Provision of Rs.75.68 Crores Written back for the matters under sub-judice settled during the Year.

Note-74 Other statutory information

i.

The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending

against the Company for holding any Benami property.

ii. The Company have not traded or invested in Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.

iii. The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the

statutory period.

iv. The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including

foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:

• directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on

behalf of the company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or

• provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

v.

The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding

Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:

• directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on

behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or

• provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries

vi. The Company have no such transactions which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been

surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in Tax assessments under Income Tax Act, 1961.

vii The Quarterly Return of current assets filed by the Company with Banks having no material variances with

Books of Account, though the Company has not utilised limit during the year.

viii. Struck off Companies

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

144

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

145:

Managing Director

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

146

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

147:

Managing Director

Significant Accounting Policies

1

The accompanying notes form an integral

part of these financial statement.

2-75

As per our report of even date

For S. S. KOTHARI MEHTA & COMPANY

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No.: 000756N

SUNIL WAHAL

Partner

Membership No.: 087294

Place: New Delhi

Date: 18th May, 2022

B.V. BHARGAVA

BHASWATI MUKHERJEE

N.G. KHAITAN

RAVI JHUNJHUNWALA

Dr. R.P. SINGHANIA

Dr. S. CHOUKSEY

S.K WALI

}

Directors

SUDHIR A. BIDKAR

Chief Financial Officer

B.K. DAGA

Sr. Vice President &

Company Secretary

For and on behalf of the Board

B.H. SINGHANIA Chairman

VINITA SINGHANIA Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

158

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

159:

letter of credit which can be called upon if the counterparty is in default

under the terms of the agreement.

1.3 Investment in Equity Shares

Investment in Equity Securities are initially measured at cost. Any subsequent fair value gain or loss is

recognized through Statement of Profit and Loss if such investments in Equity Securities are held for trading

purposes. The fair value gains or losses of all other Equity Securities are recognized in Other Comprehensive

Income.

1.4 Investment in Associates, Joint Ventures and Subsidiaries

The Group has accounted for its Investment in Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint venture at cost.

1.5 Derecognition of Financial Assets

A Financial Asset is primarily derecognized when:

• The right to receive cash flows from asset has expired, or

• The Group has transferred its right to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to

pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”

arrangement and either:

a) The Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or

b) The Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but

has transferred control of the asset.

When the Group has transferred its right to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass

through arrangement, it evaluates if and to what extent it has retained the risks and rewards of

ownership. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the

asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognize the transferred asset to the

extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognizes an associated

liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights

and obligations that the Group has retained.

Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the

lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group

could be required to repay.

10) Non -Current Assets held for sale

The Group classifies Non-Current Assets as held for Sale if their carrying amounts will be recovered principally

through a sale rather than through continuing use. Actions required to complete the sale should indicate that it is

unlikely that significant changes to the sale will be made or that the decision to sell will be withdrawn.

Management must be committed to the sale the Assets. The criteria for held for sale classification is regarded met

only when the Assets is available for immediate sale in its present condition, subject only to terms that are usual

and customary for sales of such Assets, its sale is highly probable; and it will genuinely be sold, not abandoned.

The Group treats sale of the Asset to be highly probable when:

•

The appropriate level of management is committed to a plan to sell the Asset,

•

An active program to locate a buyer and complete the plan has been initiated (if applicable),

•

The Asset is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current Fair Value,

and

•

Actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be

made or that the plan will be withdrawn.

Non-current Assets held for sale for to owners are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and the Fair

Value Less Costs to Sell. Assets and Liabilities classified as held for Sale are presented separately in the Balance

Sheet. Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets once classified as held for sale to owners are not

depreciated or amortised.

2.

Financial Liabilities

2.1 Definition

Financial Liabilities include Long-term and Short-term Loans and Borrowings, Trade and Other payables

and Other eligible Current and Non-current Liabilities.

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

162

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

163:

Managing Director (Chief Operating

Decision Maker).

The Chief Operational Decision Maker monitors the operating results of its business Segments separately for the

purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is

evaluated based on each segments profit or loss and is measured consistently with profit or loss in the financial

statements.

(21) Cash Dividend

The Group recognises a liability to pay Dividend to Equity Holders of the Group when the distribution is authorised

and the distribution is no longer at the discretion of the Group. As per the corporate laws in India, a distribution is

authorised when it is approved by the shareholders. A corresponding amount is recognised directly in Other

Equity. Interim Dividends are recognised as a Liability on the date of declaration by the Company's Board of

Directors.

1.4

Recent pronouncement

Ministry of Corporate Affairs “MCA” notified new standard or amendments to the existing standards under Companies

(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued from time to time. On 23 March 2022, MCA amended the Companies

(Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2022, applicable from 01 April 2022, as below:

IND AS 103 – Reference to Conceptual Framework

The amendments specify that to qualify for recognition as part of applying the acquisition method, the identifiable

assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of assets and liabilities in the Conceptual Framework

for Financial Reporting under Indian Accounting Standards (Conceptual Framework) issued by the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India at the acquisition date. These changes do not significantly change the requirements of

Ind AS 103. The Group does not expect the amendment to have any significant impact in its Financial Statements

IND AS 16 – Proceeds before intended use

The amendments mainly prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of property, plant and equipment amounts

received from selling items produced while the group is preparing the asset for its intended use. Instead, an entity will

recognise such sales proceeds and related cost in statement of profit or loss. The Group does not expect the

amendments to have any impact in its recognition of its Property, Plant and Equipment in its Financial Statements.

IND AS 37 – Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets

The amendment specifies that the cost fulfilling a contract comprises the cost that relate directly to the contract Costs that

relate directly to a contract can either be incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (examples would be direct labour,

materials) or an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling contracts (an example would be the allocation of

the depreciation charge for an item of Property, Plant and Equipment used in fulfilling the contract). The effective date

for adoption of this amendment is annual periods beginning on or after April1,2022, although early adoption is

permitted. The Company has evaluated the amendment and the impact is not expected to be material

On 18 June 2021, MCA through a notification has notified Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment

Rules, 2021. The Notification has made amendments to various Ind AS. The Group does not expect the amendments to

have any significant impact in its Financial Statements.

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

168

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

169:

letter dtd- 25.03.2022 for

allotment of fresh land elsewhere

can be looked into.

The following are the amounts recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss as per IND AS 116

Particulars

Year Ended

Year Ended

March 31 2022

March 31 2021

Depreciation expense of Right Of Use Assets

7.75

4.03

Interest Expense on Lease Liabilities

2.56

2.28

Expense relating to Leases of Short-term / Low Value Assets

11.89

14.51

(included in Other Expenses)

Total Amount recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss

22.20

20.82

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

170

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

171:

Letter of Credits/part

advance payments/post dated cheques. The Outstanding’s of different parties are reviewed periodically at different

level of organization. The outstanding from the trade segment is secured by two tier security – security deposit from the

dealer himself, and our business associates who manage the dealers are also responsible for the outstanding from any

of the dealers in their respective region. Impairment analysis is performed based on historical data at each reporting

period on an individual basis. For aging of trade receivables refer note 12.

Financial Instruments and Deposits with Banks:

The Group considers factors such as track record, size of institution, market reputation and service standards to select

the bank with which balances and deposits are maintained. Generally, balances are maintained with the institutions

with which the Group has also availed borrowings. The Group does not maintain significant cash and deposit balances

other than those required for its day to day operation.

41.3 Liquidity Risk:

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial

liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group’s approach is to ensure, as far as

possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due.

The Group relies on a mix of borrowings, and excess operating cash flows to meet its needs for funds. The current

committed lines of credit are sufficient to meet its short to medium term expansion needs. The Group monitors rolling

forecasts of its liquidity requirements to ensure it has sufficient cash to meet operational needs while maintaining

sufficient headroom on its undrawn committed borrowings facilities at all times so that the Group does not breach

borrowing limits or covenants (where applicable) on any of its borrowing facilities.

Maturity Profile of Financial Liabilities:

The following Table provides undiscounted cash flows towards financial liabilities into relevant maturity based on the

remaining period at the balance sheet to the contractual maturity date.

` in Crore (10 Million)

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

184

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

185:

Managing Director

Shri S.K. Wali

Whole-time Director

Dr. S. Chouksey

Whole-time Director

Shri B.V. Bhargava

Independent & Non Executive Director

Ms. Bhaswati Mukharjee

Independent & Non Executive Director

Shri N.G. Khaitan

Independent & Non Executive Director

Dr. K.N. Memani

Independent & Non Executive Director

Dr. Raghupati Singhania

Non Independent & Non Executive Director

Shri Ravi Jhunjhunwala

Independent & Non Executive Director

Shri Sudhir A Bidkar

Chief Financial Officer

Shri Brijesh K Daga

Sr. VP & Company Secretary

III

Enterprise which holds more than 20% of Equity share

Bengal & Assam Company Ltd. (BACL)

IV

Trusts under common control

JK Lakshmi Cement Ltd. Compulsory Employees Provident Fund

JK Lakshmi Cement Ltd. Officers Superannuation Fund

JK Lakshmi Cement Ltd. Employees Gratuity Fund

JK Udaipur Udyog Ltd. Employees Provident Fund Trust

JK Udaipur Udyog Ltd. Officers' Superannuation Fund Trust

JK Udaipur Udyog Ltd. Employees' Group Gratuity Fund Trust

Note-67

Related Party Disclosure

200 JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

201:

Managing Director

Figure with ` symbol represents absolute figure.

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

For the year ended 31st March, 2022

A.

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net Profit before Tax and

Exceptional Items

653.37

593.93

Adjustments for:

Depreciation and Amortization Expense (net)

223.47

225.33

Interest Income

(22.75)

(21.84)

Interest income from other financial asset at amortised cost

(7.11)

(6.17)

(Profit) / Loss on sale of Assets (Net)

(6.22)

(1.48)

(Profit) / Loss on sale of Current Investments (net)

(8.60)

(20.57)

(Gain) / Loss on Fair Valuation of Current Investments

(16.10)

(14.57)

Finance Costs

142.19

191.96

Provision for Doubtful Debts

2.14

1.61

Foreign Exchange Difference (net)

0.17

(1.96)

Share in Profit / (Loss) of Associates (Net of Tax)

(0.04)

(0.02)

Exceptional Items

(26.99)

(37.85)

Operating Profit before Working Capital changes

933.53

908.37

Adjustments for:

Trade and Other Receivables

121.21

36.84

Inventories

(214.80)

114.36

Trade and Other Payables

(61.17)

59.34

Cash generated from Operations

778.77

1,118.91

Income Tax Payments (Net)

(98.81)

(87.08)

Net Cash from Operating Activities

679.96

1,031.83

B

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Purchase of Property, plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets

(374.63)

(288.74)

Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment

8.50

122.67

(Purchase) / Sale of Investments (net)

(150.94)

16.42

Encashment / (Investments) in bank deposits

(175.42)

(293.79)

Interest Received

27.39

9.54

Net Cash from / (used in ) Investing Activities

(665.10)

(433.90)

C

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from Long-term Borrowings

596.85

350.91

Repayment of Long-term Borrowings

(384.00)

(594.35)

Repayment of Lease Obligation - Principal

(5.68)

(2.56)

Repayment of Lease Obligation - Interest

(3.36)

(2.28)

Short-term borrowings (net)

(8.66)

(90.93)

Interest and Financial charges paid

(140.06)

(212.95)

Dividend paid

(44.28)

(0.46)

Net Cash from / (used in) Financing Activities

10.81

(552.62)

` In Crore (10 Million)

For the year ended

For the year ended

March 31 2022

March 31 2021

Note-73 i.

The Group does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against

the Group for holding any Benami property.

ii. The Group have not traded or invested in Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year

iii. The Group does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the

statutory period.

iv. The Group has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign

entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall: (a) directly or indirectly lend or

invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Group (Ultimate

Beneficiaries) or (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

v.

The Group has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding

Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Group shall: (a) directly or

indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the

Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the

Ultimate Beneficiaries.

vi. The Company have no such transactions which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been

surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in Tax assessments under Income Tax Act, 1961.

vii. Struck off Companies in Parent Company.

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

202

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

203:

Managing Director

Financial Information of Direct & Indirect Subsidiaries and Associate Companies

(Persuant to first proviso to section 129(3) read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rule, 2014)

Part “A”: Subsidiaries

(` in lakh)

Sl.No.

Particulars

Name of Subsidiary

Hansdeep

Ram Kanta

Udaipur Cement

Industries &

Properties

Works Limited

1

Trading

Private

Company

Limited

Limited

Direct Subsidary

Indirect Subsidary

Direct Subsidary

2

Reporting period for the subsidiary

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

concerned, if different from the holding

company's reporting period

3

Reporting Currency

INR

INR

INR

4

Closing Exchange Rate

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

5

Equity Share Capital

11,605.00

93.40

12,456.39

6

Instrument Entirely Equity in Nature

-

-

-

7

Other Equity

40.46

11,448.07

16,998.51

8

Total Assets

12,626.49

11,554.46

142,859.33

9

Total Liabilities

981.03

12.99

113,404.43

10

Investments

131.49

40.01

8718.53

11

Turnover

438.10

42.69

88,109.11

12

Profit / (Loss) before taxation

68.95

23.21

6,481.37

13

Provision for taxation, DTL/(DTA)

48.74

6.15

1,614.78

14

Profit / (Loss) after taxation

20.21

17.06

4,866.59

15

Proposed Dividend

-

-

-

16

% of Shareholding

100

100

72.54

Note:-

1. Name of Subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations – Nil

2. Name of Subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year – Nil

` In Crore (10 Million)

For the year ended

For the year ended

March 31 2022

March 31 2021

204 JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

205:

Managing Director

}

Directors

B.V. BHARGAVA

BHASWATI MUKHERJEE

N.G.KHAITAN

RAVI JHUNJHUNWALA

Dr. R.P. SINGHANIA

Dr. S. CHOUKSEY

S.K. WALI

B K DAGA

Sr. Vice President & Company Secretary

Place: New Delhi

Date: 18th May, 2022

206 JK Lakshmi Cement Limited:

