Managing Director

of the Company. Except this, Smt. Singhania is not related to any

other Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company. As

a non-executive director of the Company, she is entitled to fee for

attending the meetings of the Board and profit related commission,

within the limits stipulated under the Companies Act, 2013 and the

approval of the Members, wherever applicable.

She is also a Director of Radical Agro Products Pvt. Ltd.

Chairmanship/ Membership of Smt. Singhania in Committees of

Directors in other Companies - NIL. Listed entities from which Smt.

Singhania has resigned in the past three years - NIL. Her

Director Identification Number is 02356376.

11. Remote e-voting procedure: In compliance with the provisions of

Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with relevant rules

thereunder and Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations)

and

SEBI

Circular

No.

SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242

dated 9th December 2020, the Company is pleased to provide to

its members, facility to exercise their right to vote at the 69th AGM

by electronic means and the business may be transacted through

remote e-voting services provided by Central Depository Services

(India) Ltd. (CDSL). Remote e-voting is optional. The facility for

voting by ballot/polling paper shall also be made available at the

AGM and members attending the AGM who have not already cast

their vote by remote e-voting shall be able to exercise their right to

cast vote at the AGM.

A.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS FOR REMOTE

E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER:

Step 1: Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system

in case of individual shareholders holding shares in demat mode.

Step 2: Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders

holding shares in physical mode and non-individual shareholders in

demat mode.

(i)

The voting period begins on 23rd August, 2022 from 10.00 A.M. and

ends on 25th August, 2022 at 5.00 P.M. During this period, members

of the Company holding equity shares either in physical form or in

dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date i.e., 19th August 2022

may cast their vote electronically. The remote e-voting module shall

be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter.

(ii)

Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting date

would not be entitled to vote at the AGM venue.:

letter, etc. together

with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company

at the email address i.e., investorjktyre@jkmail.com, if they have voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e-Voting

system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.:

Managing Director on 30th September 2021.

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania was a: Managing Director of the Company

since 1994. Shri Singhania expressed his desire not to seek re-

appointment as a Managing Director for a fresh term. Accordingly, he

ceased to be a Managing Director effective 30th September 2021. He,

however, agreed to be available to the Company and management to

provide services as may be required. Accordingly, the members of the

Company at the Annual General Meeting held on 27th August 2021

approved continuation of Shri Singhania as a non-executive director

and also approved payment of remuneration of Rs. 33.50 lakh per

month for the period of three years.

In terms of Regulation 17(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a listed company is

required to obtain approval of the members by special resolution

every year, in which the annual remuneration payable to a single

non-executive director exceeds fifty per cent of the total annual

remuneration payable to all non-executive directors, giving relevant

details thereof.

It is expected that the remuneration payable to Shri Bharat Hari

Singhania, as aforesaid, may exceed fifty percent of the total annual

remuneration that may be payable to all non-executive directors of the

Company for the financial year 2022-23.

Accordingly, approval of the members of the Company is required by

way of special resolution for payment of remuneration to Shri Bharat

Hari Singhania for the financial year 2022-23, as aforesaid.

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania is an industrialist with over 61 years of

experience. Presently, he is also President of J.K. Organisation. He has

vast experience and deep knowledge in the areas of sustainable and

long-term financial structuring, policy planning, corporate governance

practices, strategy and other long-term developmental activities. He

is a promoter Director of the Company and has been on the Board

of Directors since 1987 and was Managing Director of the Company

from 30th March 1994 to 30th September 2021. It is considered that

his availability to the Company will be in the overall interest of the

Company and its stakeholders since the Company and management

will continue to derive the benefits seamlessly by leveraging on his

vast experience and deep understanding and knowledge.

The Resolution is recommended to the members by the Board for

passing as Special Resolution.

Except Shri Bharat Hari Singhania and Dr. Raghupati Singhania,

Managing Director’s desk

34

From the desk of the: Managing

Managing Director

7 Anshuman Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Dr. Raghupati Singhania, 75 years, is an industrialist with close to

56 years’ experience in managing various industries including

Automotive Tyres and Tubes, Power Transmission, Automotive

Belts, Oil Seals, Industrial Electronics, Steel Products, and others.

He in on the Board of various well-known public limited companies

and is Chairman of J.K. Fenner India Ltd. and Cavendish Industries

Ltd. He is the former Chairman of Automotive Tyre Manufacturers

Association and former President of PHD Chamber of Commerce

and Industry. He is also associated with a number of institutes

involved in medical research and education, besides serving a

number of trade and industry bodies such as CII, ASSOCHAM and

CAPEXIL in various capacities.

Dr. Singhania, a promoter Director, has been on the Board of the

Company since 1967 and as: Managing Director of the Company

since 1975. Under his sage leadership, the Company, which

began with a manufacturing capacity of 5 Lakhs tyres in 1977, has

grown into one of the Top 25 tyre companies in the world with a

manufacturing capacity of 320 Lakhs tyres per annum (including

100 Lakhs tyres/annum capacity of Cavendish Industries Ltd.) and 12

plants (9 in India and 3 in Mexico). Dr. Singhania was inducted into

Shri Vimal Bhandari,

Director

Vimal Bhandari, 63 years, holds a Bachelor’s degree in Commerce

and is a Chartered Accountant. He joined the Board of Directors of

the Company in the year 2011. He has over 35 years of experience

as a senior management professional in the financial services

industry. He is Executive Vice

Managing Director of Somany Ceramics Ltd. He is associated with

various industry bodies. He is the Founder and past Chairman of

Confederation of Construction Products and Services (CCPS); past

Chairman of Indian Council for Ceramic Tiles and Sanitary ware

(ICCTS); past Chairman of the Confederation of Indian Industry

Northern Region and former President of the Indian Ceramic

Society. He is a member of the CII National Council; Chairman of

CII National SME Council; and member of various other councils

of CII. He joined the Board of Directors of the Company in the

year 2016. He is an Independent Director on the Board of the

Company and brings with him rich commercial, marketing and

industrial experience.

Dr. Wolfgang Holzbach,

Director

Dr. Wolfgang Holzbach, 72 years, holds a Doctorate Degree in

Natural Science. He joined the Board of Directors of the Company

in the year 2012. He has had a long and distinguished career of

31 years with a leading international tyre company, where he

was responsible for various strategic areas including Material

Development, Quality Management, Manufacturing, Engineering

and Technology. Besides his deep knowledge and rich experience

in manufacturing and tyre technology, he brings to the table an

international perspective. He is an Independent Director on the

Board of the Company and brings with him diverse experience in

the areas of technology, quality, manufacturing, and safety in the

tyre industry.

Shri Arun K Bajoria,

Director & President – International Operations

Arun K. Bajoria, 77 years, holds a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical

Engineering from BITS Pilani and a Diploma in Advance

Management from the London Business School. He has attended

a course on ‘Mergers & Acquisitions’ at Wharton Business School.

He has been a Whole-time Director since January 20, 2010. Prior to

his current role as Director & President-International Operations, he

was President of the Company since 2003. Earlier, he was President

& Director of Vikrant Tyres Ltd., erstwhile subsidiary of the Company.

He joined the Company in 1997, when the Company acquired

Vikrant Tyres Ltd. and was instrumental in turning it around into

a profitable entity. He brings with him his rich experience of

managing and running manufacturing companies for over 55 years.

Board profile

Driving Smartly into the Future

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

28

29

JK Tyre & Industries Limited

Financial Statements

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director’s desk

I am delighted that JK

Tyre is presenting its first

ever integrated annual

report which is a part

of Environmental Social

Governance endeavours

built around our 5 P

platform i.e. People,

Planet, Process, Product

and Prosperity.

At JK Tyre, we did not let down the guard

during the two waves of the pandemic. We

continued to provide the safest possible

environment for our people in accordance

with our values of ‘Caring for People’. This

time, apart from following strict pandemic

protocols, the ‘Mission 100% Vaccination’

was aggressively implemented to ensure

that our people, our business partners and

their families were fully vaccinated. We drove

greater engagement with our stakeholders

through the virtual and physical mode, to

ensure their physical and mental well-being.

However it is with sadness I bow my head

in memory of some of our colleagues who

lost the battle against COVID. The JK Cares

program was implemented which supported

and engaged the families while mitigating

their economic loss.

The year that was

The overall business environment was very

challenging during the year with its share

of ups and downs. On the back of higher

efficiencies,deft cost management, a de

leveraged balance sheet, strategic marketing

efforts and an enhanced channel reach

supported by digital enablers,. we were able

to achieve our highest ever Turnover.

We recorded progress despite the headwinds

faced by the automotive industry including

supply side constraints that led to immense

inflationary pressures on input prices. Rising

input prices led to substantial cost escalations

which could not be fully passed on in the

market place , thereby impacting margins

and overall profitability.

Smart technology leadership

The automobile sector is undergoing major

disruptions in powertrain technology and

mobility options. None the less our ability to

continually innovate our product offerings

and services, with breakthrough technologies

has helped us tremendously. During this

period we rolled out the 25 millionth TBR

tyre which is yet another milestone and

signifies our pioneering leadership. Many

Innovative products like Puncture Guard tyre

with self sealing properties were introduced

and the year saw further traction for our

Smart Tyres which was backed by aggressive

marketing and sales efforts. We were also

able to come up with new offerings across

segments, which has made us a partner of

choice of major OEMs. This has been possible

due to our sustained efforts in our R&D and

Technology development.

The Company’s robust export performance

continued its upward trajectory by recording

59 % higher sales. The growth drivers were

aggressive sales efforts, introduction of

technologically advanced, and market

specific products across all regions The

strong product and regional mix ensured

profitable growth which was achieved

inspite of the disruptions in -shipping and

global supply chain as well as intensified

geopolitical uncertainty.

JK Tornel & Cavendish Industries

Our subsidiaries, JK Tornel, Mexico and

Cavendish Industries Ltd. (CIL), have

performed well during the year with each of

them recording their highest ever turnover

ever since their acquisition. JK Tornel

achieved an impressive growth of 86% over

the last year while CIL clocked a growth

of 16%.

Sustainability at the heart of enterprise

It is highly satisfying that we kept

sustainability at the heart of our growth

journey. As a responsible global tyre

manufacturer, JK Tyre continued on the

journey to build a sustainable society by

balancing our operations through 6“R”

strategy viz. Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, Renew,

Redesign and Remanufacture. We are

committed to the goal of being a Green and

Clean Company with sustainable use of green

energy, green technology in manufacturing

and reduction in dependence on fossil fuels.

As an outcome of these efforts our carbon

emission intensity has reduced by 57 % in the

last 8 years.- JK Tyre is one of the lowest three,

in the world on energy consumption in the

tyre industry. The Company has increased

the usage of bio mass in its fuel mix to 22 %

and the use of renewables in its power mix to

53%. We continue to be a global benchmark

for having the lowest raw water use. per kg of

tyre produced. Also we remain a ‘Zero Waste

to Landfill’ company and have eliminated the

use of single-use plastics at our plants.

I am equally proud of the fact that despite

the turbulence during of the year, we stood

steadfast to our commitments towards

our people and the larger community

especially the marginalised, as we continued

to provide support through our well

structured and multifaceted Corporate Social

Responsibility programs.

Looking ahead

I am proud of the entire JK Tyre, CIL & JK

Tornel teams who displayed remarkable

resilience as they braved hardship, manifold

disruptions and dealt with the new normal

with equanimity. This has surely enabled

the Company emerge stronger, bigger

and better.

We are faced with a dynamic and evolving

business environment, including new

regulatory requirements, that are being

imposed on the tyre industry which requires

us to remain agile and responsive. I assure

you that with our technological prowess and

human capabilities we will continue to drive

Smartly into the future while sustaining our

endeavour to deliver greater value for you

I thank you for your trust as always,

With best wishes

Dr Raghupati Singhania,

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

I am happy to share our first

Integrated Annual Report for the

period 2021-22. This reflects our

mindset to grow as a future ready

organisation in a sustainable

manner. We are a green tyre

manufacturing company, and

continued to progress in our

objective to promote advanced

and sustainable manufacturing

practices through investments in

automation and digitalisation. It

is a matter of pride that JK Tyre

is among the top 30 India’s Most

sustainable Companies.

The Year Gone By

Numerous challenges were thrown at us during the year

including the two consecutive surges of the COVID-19

pandemic. Working with great speed and efficiency,

business operations were sustained with safe-work

protocols for our employees and business partners. We

also undertook successive vaccination drives for our

people, their families as well as channel partners. Every

effort was made to contain the socio economic loss under

the aegis of the JK CARES program to support the family of

employees who have lost their life during this pandemic.

Achieving milestone growth

The business volatility ranged from high fluctuations in

demand and supply, to a sharp rise in increasing input

cost. Age-old wisdom tells us that while it is not possible

to change choppy seas or the direction of strong winds,

surfing the waves by adjusting the sails enables one to

journey ahead. Dynamic planning and quick responses,

driven by a customer-centric approach enabled JK

Tyre’s agile navigation through an uncertain

business environment.

The result of the strategic efforts , is reflected

in the highest ever turnover of more than

₹12,000 crores, while registering a high

growth of over 31% on a consolidated basis.

This has been achieved with higher sales in

the domestic markets coupled with highest

ever exports. We have sustained our radial

leadership by crossing the 25 million landmark

in TBR. High capacity utilisation with higher

operational efficiencies are an outcome of

various transformational initiatives which were

undertaken in the recent past. Our stupendous

performance in FY 2021-22, was surely an

outcome of our strategy to become a leaner,

smarter enterprise.

Smart balancing of goals

Deleveraging the balance sheet has been

a prime focus of our strategy to get leaner.

As a result of our granular planning, we saw

our finance cost for FY 2021-22 go down on

a y-o-y basis by 10%. We remain committed

to reducing our long-term borrowings

significantly in the next three years.

Customer centricity

At the heart of all our efforts has been our

customer centric initiatives. Despite the

difficulties, we continually engaged with them

digitally and physically even at the remotest

locations. We leveraged AI technology for

digital transformation of our tyre complaint

management process resulting in our service

capability improving exponentially and a vastly

superior customer experience. Today, the reach

of JK Tyre products and services covers over

90% of India by geography.

Our Fleet management 2.0 program as well

as advanced mobility solutions were well

received by our customers.

It is a matter of great delight that our focussed

efforts have led to, JK Tyre became the first

tyre brand to be recognised with the Active

Customer Engagement award by CII.

JK Tyre a premium brand

During the year a differentiated and

premiumised approach was adopted in our

marketing and communication strategy with

strategic media presence and amplification

through digital and social media.

JK Tyre was recognised through the year

through numerous brand awards including the

“Brand of The Decade” Award.

Innovation – Our backbone

The year also saw us leverage our innovative

strength to come up with new premium

product offerings across each segment many

of which were launched across categories for

all market segments. We are offering novel

solutions to our customers across the new and

challenging frontiers of mobility. Significant

R&D investments have enabled us to come up

with tyres to suit the needs of the growing EV

ecosystem including electric buses which are

powered by our Smart tyres.

Advanced predictive tools for new product

development as well as our partnerships

with top academic institutes within India

and abroad have helped revolutionise

tyre technology and our service offerings.

Technology adoption has enabled

enhancement of our manufacturing

productivity as well as reduction of resource

consumption which is aligned with our

sustainability mission.

Focus on growing sustainably

Energy efficiency, resource conservation and

water management are at the core of our

value system.

We are also building a transformative

workplace with a sustained focus on training,

capability building, succession planning.

We are promoting a Zero Accident and high

safety culture. Resultantly JK Tyre is recognised

once again as India’s Best Workplaces in

Manufacturing for year 2022 by ‘Great place to

work’.

As a responsible corporate citizen, we have

undertaken measurable, impact-driven CSR

activities that enhance social equity, which

directly impacted the lives of nearly a lakh

people in the fields of livelihood, healthcare,

education, access to clean water and sanitation.

Future outlook

We look forward to strong demand across

all market segments given the improved

economic scenario. Revival in the automotive

sector, strong infrastructure spending by the

government, and improved CV demand are

positive indicators. Inflationary pressures and

supply side constraints may however continue

to compromise the margins.

To capitalise on growth opportunities, we are

ramping up and optimising our capacities

wherever required.

We will continue to be led by our focus areas

of sustainability, corporate responsibility,

technology enabled manufacturing and

growing a strong digital backbone. We could

not have accomplished the milestones for

this year without the astounding support of

our people, the senior management and the

guidance of the Board. At every step of the way,

we have been fortunate to have the confidence

of all of you. We look forward to your continued

encouragement and support, as we drive

smartly into the future.

With best wishes to you and your families,

Anshuman Singhania: Managing

Managing Director of

JK Tyre & Industries is associated with various leading Apex

chambers and government bodies and Academic Institutions of

repute of India as listed below:

●

Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) as Member of National

Council for over 15 years

●

PHD Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Senior Member of

Managing Committee and past President for over 30 years

●

Asia-New Zealand Foundation (Asia-NZ Foundation), New

Zealand, as Honorary Advisor, representing India for over

20 years

●

Chairman of Automotive Tyre Manufacturers Association –

three times

●

Member of Board of Governors, Xavier Institute of

Management (XIM), Bhubaneswar

●

Member of Board of Governors, Indian Institute of

Technology (IIT) Chennai

●

Member, Rubber Board Kottayam

●

President of Indian Rubber Manufacturers Research

Association (IRMRA) – A Ministry of Commerce & Industry,

Govt. of India Body

●

Member of Asia Business Council

●

Member of YPO

●

Member of Expert Committee on Natural Rubber Policy

●

Chairman of Auto Tyres & Tubes Panel, Chemical & Allied

Products Export Promotion Council (CAPEXIL), Government

of India

●

Asia Business council

●

Young President Organization (YPO)

●

Chairman, Indian Wire Rope Manufacturers Association

(IWRMA) (early 1970s)

●

Indo-American Chamber of Commerce (IACC) – Past

President of North India Council, and Member –

Executive Council

●

Deputy President, Associated Chamber of Commerce and

Industry (ASSOCHAM)

He has also headed various Apex bilateral bodies of the Indian

and international business community in the 1990s as Chairman.

These bodies are:

●

India-Argentina Joint Business Council

●

India-Brazil Joint Business Council

●

India-Cuba Joint Business Council

●

India-Columbia Joint Business Council

●

India-South Africa Joint Business Council

He has also led several delegations to number of countries,

including those of ‘PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry’

and ‘Indo American Chamber of Commerce’ to various

European countries.

JK TYRE & INDUSTRIES LTD is a member of

1. CII,

2. ATMA

3. PHDCCI

4. Centre for Tire Research (CenTire), USA.

5. Indian Rubber Manufacturers Research Association (IRMRA)

Responsibility

It is the responsibility of JKTIL’s senior management to ensure the information presented in

the Sustainability Report is accurate. Our responsibility is to provide an independent

assurance opinion statement to stakeholders giving our professional opinion based on the

scope and methodology described.

Reliability

The assurance statement on the performance was issued based on the evidence collected

from ground level provided by the employees of JKTIL. The sample selection was on random

basis and selection is done by BSI auditor. The sampled sites covered 3 manufacturing units

out of 6 units included in the reporting boundary. The assurance team was convinced that

the performance information presented in the report are reliable and representative.

Quality

The quality of information was checked through cross verification of data. Field level

measurement and records were verified with the procurement and supply chain

invoices/bills. Interview with the responsible persons detailed the activities, maintenance,

and process performance. The fitness of the measuring devices, frequency of measurement

and recording, competency of the person concerned, and review & approval of information

were checked and found in conformance.

Performance Information

JKTIL Integrated Annual Report has addressed their Environment, Social and Governance

performance through GRI indicators. The assurance team has evaluated the requirements of

the GRI indicators for general disclosures and those relevant to the material topics only.

For the specific data presented in the report, minimal technical/compilation errors were

identified during the sampling process which were corrected for the final report.

Based on the processes and procedures conducted with a limited assurance, there is no

evidence that the Environmental and Social data and information are not materially correct

and are not a fair representation of their Environmental and Social performance.

For and on behalf of BSI:

--------------------------------------------

Kumaraswamy Chandrashekara

Head – System Certification Operations. BSI Group India

New Delhi, India

20 July 2022

Assurance statement

Driving Smartly into the Future

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

112

113

JK Tyre & Industries Limited

Financial Statements

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director (MD)

of the Company since 1994. Upon determination of the five

years tenure of Shri B.H. Singhania as a MD and his desire for not

seeking re-appointment for a fresh term, Shri Singhania ceased

to be a MD and a Key Managerial Personnel effective 1st October

2021. He, however continues to be a Non-Executive Director of the

Company. The Board placed on record its deep appreciation for

the valuable services rendered by Shri B.H. Singhania during his

long tenure as a MD.

Smt. Sunanda Singhania retires by rotation and, being eligible,

offers herself for re-appointment at the ensuing AGM. The Board

recommends re-appointment of Smt. Sunanda Singhania.

Further, there were no other changes in the Directors/Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company during the year.

Declarations have been received from all the Independent Directors

of the Company that they meet the criteria of independence

prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing

Regulations. All the Independent Directors are registered on the

Independent Directors Data Bank.

Conservation of Energy, etc.

The details, as required under Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act,

2013 read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules 2014, are annexed to

this Report as Annexure ‘A’ and forms a part of it.

Consolidated Financial Statements

The consolidated financial statements of your Company for the

financial year ended 31st March 2022 have been prepared in

accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI

Listing Regulations and the Accounting Standards. The audited

consolidated financial statements, together with the Auditors’ Report,

form a part of the Annual Report. A report on each of the subsidiaries

and associates together with highlights of their performances and

financial positions including highlights of their contribution to the

overall performance of the Company, is presented in a separate

section in the Annual Report. Please refer to AOC-1 annexed to

the financial statements in the Annual Report and the notes to the

consolidated financial statements.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 136 of the Companies Act, 2013

the financial statements, the consolidated financial statements, along

with relevant documents and separate audited accounts in respect of

subsidiaries, are available on the website of the Company.

During the financial year under review, no Company has become or

ceased to be your Company’s subsidiary or associate. The Company

does not have any Joint Venture.

Deposits

Pursuant to the approval of members by means of a special resolution

dated 22nd September 2015, the Company has been accepting public

deposits, in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 and rules thereunder.

The particulars with respect to deposits covered under Chapter V of

the said Act, for the financial year ended 31st March 2022 are:

(a)

accepted during the year - `43.68 crores;

(b)

remained unpaid or unclaimed as at the end of the year -

`1.24 crores;

(c)

default in repayment of deposits or payment of interest thereon

at the beginning of the year, maximum during the year and at

the end of the year - Nil; and

(d)

details of deposits which are not in compliance with the

requirements of Chapter V of the said Act - Nil.

Auditors

(a) Statutory Auditors and their Report

In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

and rules thereunder, M/s S S Kothari Mehta & Company,

Chartered Accountants, were re-appointed Auditors of the

Company to hold office from the conclusion of the 67th Annual

General Meeting (AGM) held on 22nd September 2020 until

the conclusion of the 72nd AGM to be held in the year 2025.

The observations of the auditors in their report on accounts

and the financial statements read with the relevant notes

are self-explanatory. The Auditor’s Report does not contain

any qualification, reservation, adverse remark or disclaimer.

Further, no fraud has been reported by the Auditors to the Audit

Committee or the Board.

(b) Secretarial Auditor and Secretarial Audit Report

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies

Act, 2013, the Board of Directors appointed Shri Namo Narain

Agarwal, Company Secretary in Practice, as Secretarial Auditor

to carry out the secretarial audit of the Company for the FY 2021-

22. The Report, given by him for the said financial year in the

prescribed format, is annexed to this Report as Annexure ‘B.1’.

The secretarial audit report does not contain any qualifications,

reservations or adverse remarks or disclaimer.

The Company has one material unlisted subsidiary incorporated

in India, namely - Cavendish Industries Ltd. (CIL). The Secretarial

Audit Report of Shri Namo Narain Agarwal, the Secretarial

Auditor, for the FY 2021-22 of CIL in the prescribed format is

annexed -Annexure ‘B.2’.

(c)

Cost Auditor and Cost Audit Report

The Company is required to maintain the cost records as

specified by the Central Government under sub-section (1)

of Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 and accordingly

such accounts and records are made and maintained by the

Company. The Cost Audit for the financial year ended 31st March

2021 was conducted by M/s R.J. Goel & Co., Cost Accountants,

Delhi, and as required, the Cost Audit Report was duly filed with

the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India. The Audit

of the cost accounts of the Company for the financial year ended

31st March 2022 is also being conducted by the said firm.

Particulars of Remuneration

Details as required under the provisions of Section 197(12) of

the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules,

2014, are placed on the Company’s website www.jktyre.com as an

annexure to the Board’s Report. A physical copy of the same will be

made available to any shareholder on request, as per provisions of

Section 136(1) of the said Act.

Details as required under the provisions of Section 197(12) of the

Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 5(2) and 5(3) of the said Rules,

which form part of the Board’s Report, will be made available to any

shareholder on request, as per provisions of Section 136(1) of the

said Act.

Corporate Social Responsibility

As a responsible corporate citizen, the Company has been

undertaking and participating in the socially important projects in

the fields of health, education, rural development, adult literacy,

renewable energy, among others - ever since it commenced

operations i.e., even before Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) was

mandated by law.

The Company has also framed a CSR Policy in accordance with the

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder.

The CSR Policy of the Company, the Projects approved by the Board,

the composition of the CSR Committee and other relevant details are

disclosed on the website of the Company.

The annual report on the CSR activities undertaken by the Company

during the financial year under review, in the prescribed format is

annexed to this Report as Annexure ‘C’.

Internal Financial Controls

With a view to have a robust Internal Financial Control system, the

Company has put in place budgetary controls, internal reporting

policies and procedures. The key financial controls to the extent

possible have been documented for respective business processes.

These systems, policies, procedures and key financial controls are

reviewed from time to time for necessary updation. This ensures

accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, safeguarding

of the assets and resources of the Company and also helps in

prevention and detection of frauds and errors. The policies and

procedures are also adequate for orderly and efficient conduct

of business of the Company. The Company also has a robust

management information system commensurate with the size and

nature of its operations, which not only facilitates speedy business

decisions but also helps in sharing reliable information across various

levels in the Company. No reportable material weaknesses were

observed in the system during the year.

Significant and Material Orders passed by the Regulators

or Courts or Tribunals

The Competition Commission of India (“CCI”) on 2nd February 2022

published an Order dated 31st August 2018 for alleged contravention

of Section 3 of the Competition Act, 2002 against the Company and

certain other domestic tyre manufacturing companies and had

imposed a penalty of `309.95 crores on the Company. The Company

has now filed an Appeal before the Hon’ble National Company Law

Appellate Tribunal against the said CCI Order. Shri Arun K. Bajoria,

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports:

Letter technology further improving the imagery

and preference among discerning users.

In continuation of our journey of innovation, JK Tyre introduced

‘Puncture Guard’ tyres in its endeavour to create safer and

stress-free journeys for the customers.

TWO/THREE WHEELER

Our focus on brand premiumisation was further strengthened with

transition of the entire product range to the ‘Blaze’ brand. A new

partnership with TVS was established for their high-speed segment

in motorcycles as well as scooters. ‘Blaze RYDR,’ our flagship brand, is

now the preferred OEM choice in premium models.

This year’s #xBhpJKSmartRides campaign with xBHP focused

extensively on promoting the “Blaze” brand. Being a customer-

obsessed Company, our 21-day campaign “#CovidSmartRider”

reached out to more than 1 million users. The campaign was

instrumental in raising awareness towards riding two-wheelers

during the pandemic era.

Electrification of automobile vehicles in India is gathering momentum

and creating new growth opportunities. JK Tyre is catering to

this segment through a new range of speciality products “Blaze

Electric” which offer low rolling resistance and high load capability.

An interactive catalogue, that guides the user based on vehicle

make, model, fitment on a click, was also launched this year in an

endeavour to enhance customer knowledge and help them make

informed choices.

FARM

The Tractor industry witnessed a slowdown this financial year

compared to the robust agricultural demand in the previous year.

Our primary focus was on promoting the sale of premium SKUs

‘Shresth’ and ‘Sona-1’ range of tyres. This was driven by new product

introductions to cater to specialised farming applications and

targeting key contributing geographies like Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat,

Rajasthan, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and Haryana.

New ’Farm Xpress Wheels’ were added to the extensive pan India

network thus, improving product visibility and accessibility.

JK Tyre’s continuing collaboration with OEM players like Case New

Holland, John Deere, Mahindra, Sonalika Tractors (International

Tractors Ltd) and TAFE have been a support to the category given the

overall slowdown in this sector.

The collaborative journey with ITC Limited’s Agri Business Division,

and initiatives like farmer meets and Grahak Diwas helped JK Tyre

expand its rural reach through continuous engagement with

farmers. Digitalisation gained prominence in the agri-sector, which

was well supported by JK Tyre’s strong footprint in the digital space.

Collaborations with leading tractor aggregator platforms to promote

the premium range of products strengthened the brand reach.

OFF THE ROAD

Our domestic Off-the-Road tyre business registered a healthy

growth in the current year, with enhanced focus on retail business

development. This strengthened OEM relationships and new product

introductions, as we added over 100 retail partners across the length

and breadth of country. For the US market, we specifically developed

a new range of OHT category tyres, with over 120 SKUs. Our multi-

pronged campaigns across India accelerated retail expansion and

demand generation. During the year, strong partnerships were also

established with leading OEMs including JCB, Amman and Liugong.

We also became the first domestic brand to supply girder transporter

and “straddle carrier” tyres, making it a landmark achievement for

JK Tyre.

With the government’s focus on infrastructure development and

domestic manufacturing, the Off-the-Road tyre business is expected

to grow further in the medium term.

RETREAD BUSINESS

Having completed over 12 years in the production of quality

pre-cured tread rubber and allied materials, JK Treads is a front

runner in the Retreading segment, providing end-to-end solutions to

customers and helping in reducing their cost. It addresses the rising

concerns about the environment and input costs for transporters,

since retreaded tyres reduce solid waste disposal problems and saves

on petrochemicals and other raw materials used to manufacture

new tyres.

In line with the JK Tyre’s customer-centric approach and commitment

to deliver a differentiated value proposition, we continued to facilitate

the development of our channel partners by supporting them in

establishing state-of-the-art JK - Retread Centres. At these centres,

JK Tyre recommended repair and retread procedures are strictly

followed and with use of original tread patterns, these tyres look as

good as new. The JK Retread Centres chain is growing rapidly across

the country.

Keeping up with the market requirements, JK Tyre extended the

premium XM-Range precured tread rubber belts with radial patterns

to many more sizes. Apart from the premium XM-Range, JK Retreads

caters to its varied customer needs in Truck, Mining, LCV, SCV and

Farm segments. This has led to robust business growth.

SERVICE – A BRAND DIFFERENTIATOR

We upgraded our customer service level to higher standards through

the digital transformation of our tyre complaint management

process and by leveraging AI technology for delivery of enhanced

customer experience. Unlike the conventional tyre complaint

resolution process, where a customer visits tyre dealers at least twice

for replacement of tyres under warranty, the digital “avatar” of our

warranty process enables ’First Time Visit’ resolution by providing

on-the-spot settlement of a claim.

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director

Executive

4

Yes

7

4

2

2

Shri Arvind Singh Mewar ∆

IND

3

Yes

-

-

-

3

Shri Bakul Jain ∆

IND

4

Yes

4

4

2

4

Shri Shreekant Somany ∆

IND

4

Yes

4

2

1

5

Smt. Sunanda Singhania

NED

4

Yes

-

-

-

6

Smt. Meera Shankar ∆

IND

4

Yes

3

1

-

7

Shri Vimal Bhandari ∆

IND

4

Yes

6

4

1

8

Shri Kalpataru Tripathy ∆

IND

4

Yes

5

5

2

9

Dr. Wolfgang Holzbach∆

IND

4

Yes

-

-

-

10

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania @

NED

4

Yes

4

1

-

11

Shri Anshuman Singhania: Managing Director

Executive

4

Yes

-

-

-

12

Shri Arun K. Bajoria,

Director & President – International Operations

Executive

4

Yes

1

-

-

∆ The appointment of Independent Directors is in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations).

@ The five years term of appointment as a Managing Director (MD) determined on 30th September 2021. He did not seek re-appointment as MD and is continuing

as a NED w.e.f. 1st October 2021.

* DIN of the above named Directors in seriatim: 1 - 00036129; 2 - 00008244; 3 - 00380256; 4 - 00021423; 5 - 02356376; 6 - 06374957; 7 - 00001318; 8 - 00865794;

9 - 06422833; 10 - 00041156; 11 - 02356566 and 12 - 00026540.

$ Excluding private companies and companies under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013. Independent Directorships held by the Directors are in accordance

with the Listing Regulations.

** Only covers Memberships/

Managing Director were evaluated, taking into

account the views of Executive Directors of the Company.

The Chairman of the Meeting of the Independent Directors

apprised the Board about the evaluation carried by it and that

the Independent Directors were fully satisfied in this regard.

6. AUDIT COMMITTEE:

The Company has an Audit Committee of Directors since

1986. The composition and the ‘Terms of Reference’ of the

Committee are in conformity with the provisions of Section

177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 18 of the

Listing Regulations.

The Committee consists of four Directors, out of which

three are Non-executive Independent Directors and one is

Executive Director.

Four meetings of the Audit Committee were held during the

financial year ended 31st March 2022.

Dates of the meetings and the number of Members attended are:

Date of the Meeting

Number of Members attended

19th May 2021

4

6th August 2021

4

28th October 2021

4

3rd February 2022

3

The names of the Members of the Committee and their

attendance at the Meetings are as follows:

Name

Status

No. of Meetings attended

Shri Bakul Jain

Chairman

4

Shri A.S. Mewar

Member

3

Shri Shreekant Somany

Member

4

Shri Arun K. Bajoria

Member

4

All the Committee Meetings were attended by the Head of

Finance Function, Head of Internal Audit, Company Secretary

and the representative of the Statutory Auditor. The Company

Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Committee.

7.

STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE:

The Company has a Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee at the

Board Level which consists of three Directors out of which two

are Non-executive Independent Directors and one is Executive

Director. The composition and the Role/ ‘Terms of Reference’

of the Committee are in conformity with the provisions of

Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 20 of

the Listing Regulations.

Dates of the meetings and the number of Members attended are:

Date of the Meeting

Number of Members attended

6th August 2021

3

28th October 2021

3

The names of the Members of the Committee and their

attendance at the Meetings are as follows:

Name

Status

No. of Meetings attended

Shri Bakul Jain

Chairman

2

Shri Shreekant Somany

Member

2

Shri Arun K. Bajoria

Member

2

Shri PK Rustagi, Vice President (Legal) & Company Secretary

is the Compliance Officer. During the financial year ended

31st March 2022, the Company has received four complaints

from the shareholders and the same have since been resolved

to the satisfaction of shareholders. Also, there are no complaints

pending in respect of the previous period.

The Board of Directors has delegated the power of transfer of

shares and related matters to a ‘Share Transfer Committee’.

W.e.f. 1st April 2019, SEBI has mandated that securities of listed

companies can be transferred only in dematerialised form.

Accordingly, the Company/its RTA has stopped accepting any

fresh lodgment of transfer of shares in physical form.

During the financial year ended 31st March 2022, all the investor

service requests have been processed within statutory time

limits, in compliance with the SEBI mandate, as applicable.

During the said period, nine meetings of the ‘Share Transfer

Committee’ were held.

8. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE:

The Company has a ‘Nomination and Remuneration

Committee’ comprising three Directors, all being

Non-executive Independent Directors. The composition and the

role of the Committee are in conformity with the provisions of

Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 19 of the

Listing Regulations.

Dates of the meetings and the number of Members attended are:

Date of the Meeting

Number of Members attended

19th May 2021

3

6th August 2021

3

28th October 2021

3

The names of the Members of the Committee and their

attendance at the Meetings are as follows:

Name

Status

No. of Meetings attended

Shri Arvind Singh Mewar Chairman

3

Shri Vimal Bhandari

Member

3

Shri Kalpataru Tripathy

Member

3

9. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE:

The Company has been having an elaborate risk management

system to inform Board Members about risk assessment

and minimisation procedures. The Company has a ‘Risk

Management Committee’ comprising four Directors - namely,

Shri Shreekant Somany (Chairman of the Committee),

Shri Kalpataru Tripathy, Shri Anshuman Singhania and

Shri Arun K. Bajoria and one senior executive of the Company

- namely, Shri Sanjeev Aggarwal, Chief Financial Officer (CFO).

The composition of the Committee is in conformity with

the provisions of Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations.

Further, the Board of Directors has also defined the role

and responsibilities of the Committee including, inter alia,

performance of functions specified in Regulation 21 of the

Listing Regulations and specifically covering steps to identify

and mitigate Information Technology and Cyber Security

Risks that the Company is or may be exposed to, on a regular

basis. The Committee has, inter alia, formulated a detailed Risk

Management Policy as prescribed under the Listing Regulations.

The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Committee.

During the financial year ended 31st March 2022, two meetings

of the Committee were held on 28th October 2021 and

3rd February 2022 which were attended by all the members of

the Committee.

10. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY:

In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2013

and Listing Regulations, the Company has put in place the

Nomination and Remuneration Policy for the Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel and other employees of the Company

including criteria for determining qualifications, positive

attributes and independence of a Director as well as a policy

on Board Diversity. The Policy is available at the website of

the Company and the weblink is https://www.jktyre.com/

NominationRemunerationPolicy.pdf. The salient features of the

Policy are as follows:

(i)

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of

Directors (the Committee) shall take into consideration

the following criteria for recommending to the

Board for appointment as a Director of the Company:

(a) Qualifications & experience. (b) Positive attributes like -

respect for Company’s core values, professional integrity,

strategic capability with business vision, etc. (c) In case the

proposed appointee is an Independent Director, he should

fulfill the criteria for appointment as Independent Director

as per the applicable laws & regulations. (d) The proposed

appointee should have the capabilities identified in

the description of the role and capabilities required of

an independent director as may be prepared by the

Committee. (e) The incumbent should not be disqualified

for appointment as Director pursuant to the provisions of

the Act or other applicable laws & regulations.

(ii)

The Committee will recommend to the Board appropriate

compensation to the Executive Directors subject to

the provisions of the Act, Listing Regulations and other

applicable laws & regulations. The Committee shall

periodically review compensation of such Directors

in relation to other comparable companies and other

factors, the Committee deems appropriate. Proposed

changes, if any, in the compensation of such Directors

shall be reviewed by the Committee subject to approval

of the Board.

Financial Statements

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director: Salary – `8.80 crores, Perquisites -

`0.32 crore and retirement benefits, such as contribution

to Provident Fund, etc. - `0.07 crore aggregating to

`9.19 crores plus `3.20 crores payable as Commission;

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania,: Managing Director (upto 30th

September 2021): Salary - `1.98 crores, Perquisites - NIL

and retirement benefits, such as contribution to Provident

Fund, etc. - `0.04 crore, aggregating to `2.02 crores plus

`1.50 crores payable as Commission; Shri Anshuman

Singhania, Managing Director: Salary - `5.34 crores,

Perquisites - `0.47 crore and retirement benefits, such

as contribution to Provident Fund, etc. - `0.07 crore

aggregating to `5.88 crores plus `3.00 crores payable as

Commission and Shri Arun K. Bajoria, Director & President

- International Operations: Salary - `4.74 crores, Perquisites

- 0.0 and retirement benefits, such as contribution

to Provident Fund, etc. - `0.08 crore aggregating to

`4.82 crores plus `0.35 crore payable as Commission. The

Company does not have any Stock Option Scheme.

The tenure of office of the

Managing Director or the CEO:

Dr. Raghupati Singhania is the Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

Anshuman Singhania: Managing Director

For S S KOTHARI MEHTA & COMPANY

Chartered Accountants

Bharat Hari Singhania

Directors

Firm Registration No. - 000756N

SANJEEV AGGARWAL

Smt. Sunanda Singhania

Chief Financial Officer

Shreekant Somany

HARISH GUPTA

Kalpataru Tripathy

Partner

Bakul Jain

Membership No. - 098336

P. K. RUSTAGI

Smt. Meera Shankar

New Delhi, the 20th May, 2022

Company Secretary

Arun K. Bajoria

Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31st March, 2022

` in Crores (10 Million)

Note No.

2021-2022

2020-2021

I.

Revenue from Operations

24

8032.06

6134.52

II.

Other Income

25

30.20

35.60

III.

Total Income (I+II)

8062.26

6170.12

IV.

Expenses

Cost of Materials Consumed

5099.09

3255.87

Purchases of Stock-in-trade

612.17

451.65

(Increase) / Decrease in Inventories of Finished Goods, Work-in-progress and

Stock-in-trade

26

(170.27)

84.52

Employee Benefits Expense

27

607.40

547.99

Finance Costs

28

229.61

266.27

Depreciation and Amortization Expense

240.74

245.99

Other Expenses

29

1183.17

943.48

Total Expenses (IV)

7801.91

5795.77

V.

Profit before Interest, Depreciation & Tax (PBIDT)

730.70

886.61

VI.

Profit / (Loss) before Exceptional Items and Tax (III-IV)

260.35

374.35

VII.

Exceptional Items

44

3.95

21.21

VIII. Profit / (Loss) before Tax (VI+VII)

264.30

395.56

IX.

Tax Expense

(1) Current Tax

96.41

128.00

(2) Deferred Tax

(15.15)

11.11

X.

Profit / (Loss) for the Year (VIII-IX)

183.04

256.45

XI.

Other Comprehensive Income

Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss :

- Re-measurement Losses on Defined Benefit Plans

(9.34)

(5.10)

- Income Tax relating to Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss

3.26

1.78

Total Other Comprehensive Income

(6.08)

(3.32)

XII.

Total Comprehensive Income for the Year (X+XI)

176.96

253.13

XIII. Earnings per Equity Share of `2 each

Basic / Diluted (`)

46

7.43

10.42

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

As per our report of even date

Dr. Raghupati Singhania

Managing Director

Anshuman Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

(ii)

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director (: Managing

letter of credit to the extent possible. The Company has a well-defined sales

policy to minimize its risk of credit defaults. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored and assessed. Impairment analysis

is performed based on historical data at each reporting date on an individual basis. However, a large number of minor receivables are

grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively.

Credit Risk Exposure: The allowance for expected credit loss on customer balances for the year ended 31st March, 2022 and 31st

March, 2021:

` in Crores (10 Million)

Particulars

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

Balance at the beginning

13.13

10.63

Add: Provision created during the Year

8.00

2.50

Balance at the End

21.13

13.13

Deposits with Bank: The deposits with banks constitute mostly the liquid investment of the company and are generally not exposed to

credit risk.

●

Liquidity Risk: Liquidity risk is the risk, where the company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial

liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The company’s approach is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will

have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due.

The table below summarises the maturity profile of company’s financial liabilities based on contractual payments:

` in Crores (10 Million)

Particulars

Upto 5 years

> 5 years

As at 31st March 2022

Borrowings*

2399.29

421.64

Trade and Other Payables

1380.52

-

Lease Liabilities

91.81

4.51

Other Financial Liabilities

276.31

506.82

Total

4097.53

940.16

As at 31st March 2021

Borrowings*

2076.26

257.81

Trade and Other Payables

1196.15

-

Lease Liabilities

128.91

8.44

Other Financial Liabilities

223.07

479.93

Total

3624.39

746.18

* Including working capital facility from consortium banks renewed every year.

Note - 57 Capital Management

The Company’s policy is to maintain an adequate capital base so as to maintain creditor and market confidence and to sustain future

development. Capital includes issued capital, share premium and all other equity reserves attributable to equity holders. In order to strengthen

the capital base, the company may use appropriate means to enhance or reduce capital, as the case may be.

Financial Statements

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director

Anshuman Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Anshuman Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Anshuman Singhania: Managing Director

For S S KOTHARI MEHTA & COMPANY

Chartered Accountants

Bharat Hari Singhania

Directors

Firm Registration No. - 000756N

SANJEEV AGGARWAL

Smt. Sunanda Singhania

Chief Financial Officer

Shreekant Somany

HARISH GUPTA

Kalpataru Tripathy

Partner

Bakul Jain

Membership No. - 098336

P. K. RUSTAGI

Smt. Meera Shankar

New Delhi, the 20th May, 2022

Company Secretary

Arun K. Bajoria

Consolidated Statement of Profit & Loss for the year ended 31st March, 2022

` in Crores (10 Million)

Note No.

2021-2022

2020-2021

I.

Revenue from Operations

27

11982.96

9102.20

II.

Other Income

28

36.56

43.07

III.

Total Income (I+II)

12019.52

9145.27

IV.

Expenses

Cost of Materials Consumed

8169.60

5246.89

Purchases of Stock-in-Trade

220.64

117.96

(Increase) / Decrease in Inventories of Finished Goods, Work-in-progress and Stock-in-

trade

(350.95)

103.85

Employee Benefits Expense

29

1065.35

922.74

Finance Costs

30

419.09

465.85

Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

385.36

386.69

Other Expenses

31

1805.02

1404.42

Total Expenses (IV)

11714.11

8648.40

V.

Profit before Interest, Depreciation & Tax (PBIDT)

1109.86

1349.41

VI.

Profit / (loss) before Exceptional Items and Tax (III-IV)

305.41

496.87

VII.

Exceptional Items

41

3.60

37.48

VIII.

Profit / (Loss) before Tax (VI+VII)

309.01

534.35

IX.

Tax Expense

(1) Current Tax

160.21

140.06

(2) Deferred Tax

(51.50)

60.85

X.

Profit / (Loss) after Tax (VIII-IX)

200.30

333.44

XI.

Share in Profit / (Loss) of Associates

0.94

(2.51)

XII.

Profit / (Loss) for the year (X+XI)

201.24

330.93

XIII.

Profit / (loss) for the year attributable to:

Owners of the Parent

210.02

319.34

Non-controlling Interest

(8.78)

11.59

XIV.

Other Comprehensive Income

(A) Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss:

Re-measurement losses on Defined Benefit Plans

(6.23)

(6.07)

Share of Other Comprehensive Income in Associates

-

(0.02)

Income Tax Relating to Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss

2.33

2.07

(B) Items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss:

Exchange Differences on Translating the Financial Statements of Foreign Operations

18.27

39.66

Total Other Comprehensive Income

14.37

35.64

XV.

Total Comprehensive Income for the year (XII+XIV)

215.61

366.57

XVI.

Other Comprehensive Income for the year attributable to:

Owners of the Parent

14.36

35.65

Non-controlling Interest

0.01

(0.01)

XVII. Total Comprehensive Income for the year attributable to:

Owners of the Parent

224.38

354.99

Non-controlling Interest

(8.77)

11.58

XVIII. Earnings per equity share of `2 each

Basic / Diluted (`)

43

8.53

12.97

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

As per our report of even date

Dr. Raghupati Singhania

Managing Director

Anshuman Singhania: Managing

Letter of Credit ₹3.48 crores (Previous year: ₹54.96 crores, ₹11.07 crores, `0.01 crore, ₹9.95

crores and `7.10 crores, respectively).

Financial Statements

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director

(ii)

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director [: Managing

letter of credit to the extent possible. The Company has a well- defined sales

policy to minimize its risk of credit defaults. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored and assessed. Impairment analysis

is performed based on historical data at each reporting date on an individual basis. However, a large number of minor receivables are

grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively.

Credit Risk Exposure: The allowance for expected credit loss on customer balances for the year ended 31st March, 2022 and 31st

March, 2021:

` in Crores (10 Million)

Particulars

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

Balance at the beginning

22.08

18.54

Add: Provision created during the Year

8.00

2.50

Foreign Currency Translation Difference

0.55

1.04

Balance at the End

30.63

22.08

Deposits with Bank: The deposits with banks constitute mostly the liquid investment of the Company and are generally not exposed

to credit risk.

●

Liquidity Risk: Liquidity risk is the risk where the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial

liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Company’s approach is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will

have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due.

The table below summarises maturity profile of the Company’s financial liabilities based on contractual payments:

` in Crores (10 Million)

Particulars

Upto 5 years

> 5 years

As at 31st March 2022

Borrowings *

3974.70

1140.50

Trade and Other Payables

2188.52

-

Lease Liabilities

100.15

5.03

Other Financial Liabilities

396.40

636.38

Total

6659.77

1781.91

As at 31st March 2021

Borrowings *

3525.69

1130.80

Trade and Other Payables

1574.07

-

Lease Liabilities

134.71

9.50

Other Financial Liabilities

507.91

612.06

Total

5742.38

1752.36

* Including working capital facility from consortium banks renewed every year.

Note - 53 Capital Management

The Company’s policy is to maintain an adequate capital base so as to maintain creditor and market confidence and to sustain future

development. Capital includes issued capital, share premium and all other equity reserves attributable to equity holders. In order to strengthen

the capital base, the Company may use appropriate means to enhance or reduce capital, as the case may be.

The Company monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total capital plus net debt. Net Debt is calculated as

borrowings less cash and cash equivalents.

Financial Statements

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview:

Managing Director

Anshuman Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Anshuman Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Anshuman Singhania: Managing Director

For S S KOTHARI MEHTA & COMPANY

Chartered Accountants

Bharat Hari Singhania

Directors

Firm Registration No. - 000756N

SANJEEV AGGARWAL

Smt. Sunanda Singhania

Chief Financial Officer

Shreekant Somany

HARISH GUPTA

Kalpataru Tripathy

Partner

Bakul Jain

Membership No. - 098336

P. K. RUSTAGI

Smt. Meera Shankar

New Delhi, the 20th May, 2022

Company Secretary

Arun K. Bajoria

THE DETAILS PERTAINING TO REMUNERATION FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST

MARCH, 2022, AS REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 197(12) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013

READ WITH RULE 5(1) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF

MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014

(a)

The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the financial

year:

Non-executive Directors: Shri Arvind Singh Mewar – 2.7, Shri Bakul Jain – 2.7, Smt. Sunanda Singhania – 2.7, Shri Kalpataru Tripathy –

2.7, Shri Vimal Bhandari – 2.7, Dr. Wolfgang Holzbach – 2.7, Shri Shreekant Somany – 2.7, Smt. Meera Shankar – 2.7 and Shri Bharat Hari

Singhania (w.e.f. 1st October, 2021) – 49.1.

Executive Directors: Dr. Raghupati Singhania,

