Managing Director’s message

16

Deputy: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

The year we have left behind was one of the toughest

ones ever, but we kept going with focus and

resoluteness, and emerged closer to the targets we

had set for ourselves. Growth with sustainability has

become our enduring focus and we kept to this agenda

during the year, using the limited opportunities available

to control costs, achieve incremental operating gains

and increase our sales and market share.

Robust performance in a challenging year

The first and last quarters of the year came with very

different set of challenges. The first quarter began with

subdued sales due to the second wave of the pandemic,

with rural and peri-urban markets holding up while urban

centres stalled. Though the recovery was much swifter

on account of localized lockdowns and restrictions, our

white business volumes got severely affected. The last

quarter witnessed unprecedented cost escalations

originating from the breakout of the Russia-Ukraine war

and the consequent disruptions in global supply chains.

However, our internal teams managed this sudden crisis

with great dexterity and skill.

The resilience and strength of our business is even

more strongly highlighted by our annual results for

FY 2021-22. The revenue from operation stood at

₹ 7,679 Crores as against ₹ 6,328 Crores in FY 2020-21,

an increase of 21%. The other income was ₹ 54 Crores

for the year, as against ₹ 22 Crores in the previous year.

The turbulence faced during the year is visible in the

above par increase in operating expenses, which were

higher by as much as 29% and stood at ₹ 6,197 Crores

in FY 2021-22, as against ₹ 4,814 Crores in FY 2020-21.

However, EBITDA was at ₹ 1,536 Crores, same as last

fiscal. The commendable results achieved under very

stressful circumstances indicate the strength of our

diverse markets and our trusted portfolio range.

FY 2021-22 saw exceptionally high price volatility, with

pet coke prices more than doubling. This has hit our

margins, and though we have increased our prices

in line with our peers, only a share of the margin loss

has been absorbed. We could also mitigate some of

the margin loss with our scale economies improving

due to increased capacities, better efficiencies in

power and fuel consumption, increased usage of

alternate fuels/raw materials and green power. We are

also continuously working on improving process

In spite of the challenging

external conditions, consistent

progress towards our long-term

goals was achieved this year. We

are ramping up our capacities

with a strategic thrust.: Managing

Managing Director

and CEO’s message: Dear Shareholders,

The positive demand scenario for the cement market in

India persisted through the better part of the pandemic.

Other than being a silver lining in an otherwise bleak year

that saw severe input cost volatility, it has also served

as a very strong affirmation for the future. India has a

per capita cement consumption of 195 kgs. With the

government push towards large-scale infrastructure

creation and rapid urbanisation, the growth trajectory

that can bring us close to the global per capita average

of more than 500 kgs, is already underway. The challenge

that lies ahead is to achieve this growth in a sustainable

and environment-friendly way.

JK Cement has always been

fully cognisant about its additional

responsibilities as a member of the

hard-to-abate sector. We view our role

as an aspect of the relationships we

share with our communities and the

commitment that we bear towards

partnering in India’s holistic growth

and development.

On the road to sustainable growth

JK Cement has always been fully cognisant about

its additional responsibilities as a member of the

hard-to-abate sector. We view our role as an aspect of

the relationships we share with our communities and

the commitment that we bear towards partnering in

India’s holistic growth and development. This decade is

an important one for the cement industry as achieving

the net-zero by 2050 targets will require calibrated

decarbonisation, stretching over a period of many years

– this decade will see most of that action taking place.

Achieving growth while continuing to decarbonise is the

other lever that the industry needs to tackle.

This year, JK Cement achieved a combined production

of 13.1 MTPA across its grey and white cement and wall

putty capacities, reflecting a y-o-y increase of 19%.

The increased production was achieved with several

wins against our long-term sustainability targets of

controlling emissions, increasing fuel efficiencies and

thermal substitution rate, and expanding our green power

capacities. Our CO2 emissions in kg/ton of cementitious

product was at 553 kgs as against our 2030 target of

465 kgs in FY 2021-22, which indicates that we are well

on course to meet our targets. Our renewable power mix

of waste heat recovery systems, solar and wind currently

makes up 32% of our total power requirement. Another

54 MW of green power, including 38 MW generated

from group captive power sources, are at different

stages of installation and commissioning across various

locations, with the full suite expected to be operational

by FY 2022-23. All our new plants are being set up with

WHRS, and this will accelerate our adoption of green

power and take us much closer to the target of 75% by

2030. We have successfully achieved an overall Thermal

Substitution Rate (TSR) of 18% at our plant in Muddapur,

Karnataka. We intend to replicate the best practices

followed here across all our plants. Our efforts in terms

of product modification continues unabated, with clinker

factor on a sustained decline and reaching roughly 65.6%

for the year ended.

Transformational change for the cement industry that

overhauls its hard-to-abate characteristics, can only

come through technologies like CCUS and hydrogen-

based fuel, which are yet to gain common acceptance.

Till then, incremental change across several axes is what

can be achieved, and we are already ahead of the industry

in this respect. Use of alternate fuel resources, alternate

raw materials, reduction in clinker ratio, replacement of

fossil fuels with renewables and green energy, graded

emissions reduction, waste reclamation – are the several

ways in which we are meeting our sustainability goals.

Leading transformation, scaling change

As a market leader with more than 45 years of

manufacturing experience behind us, JK Cement

considers it a duty to partner with industry associations

like CII, GCCA to build traction for the sustainability

agenda within the cement industry. Given the capital

intensity and long replacement cycles of the cement

industry, timely and well calibrated adoption of

transformational technologies are a critical factor.

Industry-level initiatives can help to build scale and

create favourable drivers for adoption of transformational

technologies like CCUS, where we will have to innovate

and adapt to achieve our decarbonisation objectives.

The economic benefits of sustainable operations are well

taken and JK Cement has been working on multiple fronts

to achieve the scale that allows for profitable replacement

– including market creation for alternate products,

deeper integration of circular economy principles within

production processes, improvements in energy efficiency

across organisational systems, and also preparing for

major shifts in production methods and technology.

Carbon pricing and conducive policy interventions will

be crucial for kickstarting the major shifts in technology

that can really transform the cement industry’s energy

emissions profile and will help to create a conducive

environment for future changes.

Foraying into new business lines

In an attempt to explore business adjacencies and grow

downstream synergies, JK Cement will soon be venturing

into the paints business. The Company will be focussing

on its strong markets of Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan

and for this an investment of ₹ 600 Crores has been

planned. Strong synergies for growing business lies with

our existing network of dealers for the white cements

business and also our painters network and we hope to

greatly gain with a diversified portfolio that allows for

better ‘bundled’ sales of building materials.

Increasing portfolio range

Currently our portfolio spans grey cement and white

cement brands like WhiteMaxx and value-added products

like WallMaxX, GypsoMaxX, TileMaxX, ShieldMaxX,

RepairMaxX, SmoothMaxX and Wood Amore. In line with

our strategy of increasing our portfolio of products and

adding more value-added products, we have launched

two new wall putty toll manufacturing plants at Siliguri

(West Bengal) and Piduguralla (A.P) and are working

out few more locations to better address the unmet

demand for our marquee brand JK Cement WallMaxX.

We are increasing our regional diversification to gain

better logistical benefits. Also in terms of revenue, our

value-added product portfolio added about 6% of white

business during the- year. We are planning to set up an

emulsion manufacturing facility near Mathura in Uttar

Pradesh as part of our newly launched paints venture.

As India’s growth story revives and gathers renewed

momentum, JK Cement is very well placed to address

the emerging demand. With around 7 – 8 % y-o-y growth

expected for the industry, primarily from infrastructure

and rural housing, the Company is well placed through

its capacity expansions, growing regional diversification

and expanding portfolio mix to cater to the market needs.

A growing middle class and rising incomes augurs well

for our value-added products portfolio, which we will

continue to enlarge.

Managing Director, C-

Suite and the Environment and Sustainability Head.

CSR Committee

The Committee’s prime responsibility is to assist the

Board in discharging its sustainability responsibilities

by way of formulating and monitoring implementation

of the Company policies on sustainable operations,

observe practices of Corporate Governance

at all levels, and to suggest remedial measures

wherever necessary.

Sustainability Steering Committee

The role of this committee is to provide inputs to the

CSR and Sustainability Committee, which reports

to the Board on a quarterly basis. The Board sets

the overall objectives and provides direction to the

management to achieve sustainability goals within the

given framework.

Corporate Sustainability Council

This Council is represented by Plant and Functional

heads and is charged with the implementation of

sustainability initiatives across JK Cement’s operations.

It plays a major role in developing sustainability

awareness across the organisation and is responsible

for communication, reporting, alignment with the

global best practices. The Council also facilitates

sustainability audits, participating in environmental and

social awards, and providing relevant information and

disclosures to the stakeholders as well as sustainability

rating bodies.

Our Sustainability Champions across plant locations

interact with the Council. They collectively provide

inputs to the Sustainability Steering Committee.

Sustainability strategy

Our Sustainability Governance Structure

The Board

CSR Committee

Sustainability Steering Committee

Corporate

Sustainability

Council

Sustainability

Coordinator

Representation

from plant heads,

functional heads

Representation

from Sustainability

Champions across

plant locations

40

41

J.K. CEMENT LTD.

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

WORLD OF J.K. CEMENT

LEADERSHIP MESSAGES

VALUE-CREATION APPROACH

CAPITAL-WISE PERFORMANCE

OUR BOARD

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

40

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

J.K. CEMENT LTD.

41:

Managing Director

Mr. Sudhir Jalan

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

Mr. Saurabh Chandra

Non-Executive

Independent Director

Mr. Madhavkrishna Singhania

Deputy: Managing Director

& CEO

Mr. Ashok Sinha

Non-Executive

Independent Director

Mr. Satish Kumar Kalra

Non-Executive

Independent Director

Mr. A.K. Saraogi

Deputy Managing Director

& CFO

Mrs. Deepa Gopalan Wadhwa

Non-Executive

Independent Director

Mr. Ajay Narayan Jha

Non-Executive

Independent Director

Dr. Nidhipati Singhania

Vice

Managing Director (KMP)

143358916

9,01,14,537

59.08

172.72

2

Mr. Madhavkrishna

Singhania

Dy.: Managing Director (KMP)

and CEO

136714250

7,30,53,257

87.14

164.71

3

Mr. Ajay Kumar Saraogi

Dy. Managing Director &

Chief Financial Officer (KMP)

88171750

8,20,88,975

7.41

106.23

4

Mr. Shambhu Singh

Vice President (Legal) &

Company Secretary (KMP)

8732193

72,97,020

19.67

10.52

* Remuneration does not include payment of contribution to Provident Fund and superannuation fund, which is exempted perquisite

under applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

** ` 8.30 Lakhs is Median, Ratio is calculated on remuneration 2021-22

Particulars about other Non-Executive Directors.

SN

Name

Designation

Remuneration Paid in `

% Increase in

Remuneration

from previous

Year

2021-22

2020-21

1

Mrs. Sushila Devi Singhania

Non- Executive Non Independent

30,00,000

28,75,000

4.35

2.

Dr. Nidhipati Singhania

Non- Executive Non Independent

23,00,000

N.A.

-

3.

Mr. Ajay Narayan Jha

Non -Executive Independent

17,50,000

N.A.

-

4.

Mr. Ashok Sinha

Non -Executive Independent

18,25,000

13,75,000

32.72

5.

Mrs. Deepa Gopalan Wadhwa

Non -Executive Independent

19,00,000

14,25,000

33.33

6.

Dr. K.B. Agarwal

Non -Executive Independent

22,75,000

17,75,000

28.16

7.

Mr. Mudit Aggarwal

Non -Executive Independent

16,50,000

N.A.

-

8.

Mr. Paul Heinz Hugentobler

Non -Executive Non Independent

1,29,54,786

1,22,99,529

5.32

9

Mr. Satish Kumar Kalra

Non -Executive Independent

16,00,000

N.A.

-

10

Mr. Saurabh Chandra

Non -Executive Independent

19,75,000

14,50,000

36.2

11.

Mr. Sudhir Jalan

Non -Executive Non Independent

17,75,000

13,50,000

31.48

12.

Mr. A. Karati

(ceased w.e.f. 14.08.2021)

Non -Executive Independent

2,00,000

14,50,000

-86.2

13.

Mr. J.N. Godbole

(ceased w.e.f 14.08.2021)

Non -Executive Independent

2,50,000

15,50,000

-83.8

14.

Mr. Suparas Bhandari

(ceased w.e.f 14.08.2021)

Non -Executive Independent

2,50,000

15,00,000

-83.3

separately marked as Annexure - E. However, the

Annual Report excluding the aforesaid information

is being sent to all the members of the Company

pursuant to proviso to Section 136 of the

Companies Act, 2013. Any member interested in

obtaining such particulars may inspect and/or send

the request to the Company at its Registered Office.

None of the employee listed in the said Annexure

is a relative of any Director of the Company except

Dr. Raghavpat Singhania, Managing Director,

Mr. Madhavkrishna Singhania Dy. Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer and Dr. Nidhipati

Singhania, Vice-

Managing Director

2.

Mr. Madhavkrishna

Singhania

Dy. Managing

Director & Chief

Executive Officer.

3.

Mr. Ajay Kumar Saraogi

Dy. Managing

Director & CFO

4.

Mr. Shambhu Singh

Vice President

(Legal) &

Company Secretary

26. Meetings of the Board of Directors

During the year 2021-22, 6 (Six) Board Meetings

were convened and held, the details of which

are given in the Corporate Governance Report.

The intervening gap between the Meetings were

within the period prescribed under the Companies

Act, 2013.

27. Board Evaluation

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 and Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations,

the Board has carried out an annual performance

evaluation of its Independent Directors and

the Independent Directors also evaluated the

performance of Non- Independent Directors. The

Board of Directors expressed their satisfaction with

the evaluation process. The Board of Directors also

evaluated the functioning/performance of Audit

Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee,

Nomination & Remuneration Committee, CSR

Committee, Committee of Directors and expressed

satisfaction with their functioning/performance.

28. Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Pursuant to Section 134(5) of the Companies Act,

2013 the Board of Directors to the best of their

knowledge and ability confirm that:

i)

In the preparation of the annual accounts,

the applicable accounting standards have

been followed along with proper explanations

relating to material departures;

ii)

The Directors have selected such accounting

policies, judgments and estimates that are

reasonable and prudent and applied them

consistently, so as to give a true and fair view

of the state of affairs of the Company as on

31st March, 2022 and of the statement of Profit

126

127

J.K. CEMENT LTD.

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

WORLD OF J.K. CEMENT

LEADERSHIP MESSAGES

VALUE-CREATION APPROACH

CAPITAL-WISE PERFORMANCE

OUR BOARD

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director, Dy.: Managing Director &

CEO and Dy. Managing Director & CFO have not

received any remuneration or commission from

any of its subsidiaries

•

There was no revision in the financial statements

•

There was no change in the nature of business

•

There were no material changes and

commitments affecting financial position of the

Company between the end of the financial year

and the date of this report

42. Acknowledgements

Your Directors wish to place on record their

appreciation for the valuable support received by

your Company from Banks, Govt. of Rajasthan,

Govt. of Karnataka, Govt. of Haryana, Government

of Madhya Pradesh, Govt. of Uttar Pradesh, Central

Govt. and Government of Fujairah. The Board thanks

the employees at all levels for their dedication,

commitment and hard work put in by them for

Company’s achievements. Your Directors are

grateful to the Shareholders/ Stakeholders for their

confidence and faith reposed in Board.

For and on Behalf of the Board

Place: New Delhi

Dr. Raghavpat Singhania

Madhavkrishna Singhania

Dated: 21.5.22

Managing Director

Dy.Managing Director &CEO

DIN: 02426556

DIN: 07022433

with Rule 8(3) of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014

in respect of Cement plants are annexed hereto as

Annexure C and form part of the Report.

35.2 Annual Return

In terms of Section 92(3) of the Companies Act,

2013 and Rule 12 of the Companies (Management

and Administration) Rules, 2014, the Annual Return

of the Company is available on the website of the

Company at the link: https://www.jkcement.com/

investors/ /annualreturns

35.3 Business Responsibility Reporting

The Business Responsibility Report for the year

ended 31st March, 2022 as stipulated under

regulation 34 of the Listing Regulations is annexed

as Annexure D and forms part of the Annual Report.

35.4 Management Discussion & Analysis (MDA)

Statement

The MDA as required under Listing Regulation

is annexed hereto and forms an integral part of

this Report

36. Transfer to Investor Education and Protection

Fund

During and pertaining to the year, the Company has

transferred a sum of `10,73,258 /- which represents

unclaimed dividend and 12613 Shares (held by1413

Shareholders) which represents unclaimed shares

were due for transfer has been transfered after the

close of financial year to the Investor Education and

Protection Fund in compliance with provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013.

37. Disclosures under the Companies Act, 2013

and Listing Regulations

37.1 Composition of Audit Committee:

The Board has constituted the Audit Committee

which comprises of Dr. K.B. Agarwal as the

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral

part of this report.

Annexure-A

Secretarial Audit Report

For The Financial Year Ended 31st March, 2022

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 And Rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,

The Members,

J. K. Cement Limited,

KamlaTower,

Kanpur.

We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the

compliance of applicable statutory provisions and

the adherence to good corporate practices by J.K.

Cement Limited CIN: L17229UP1994PLC017199 (“the

Company”) having its registered office at Kamla Tower,

Kanpur, U.P. and manufacturing units at (i)Kailash Nagar,

Nimbahera, Dist. Chittorgarh, Rajasthan, (ii)Mangrol,

Dist. Chittorgarh, Rajasthan, (iii) Gotan, Dist. Nagaur,

Rajasthan, (iv) Muddapur, Dist. Bagalkot, Karnataka, (v)

Jharli, Dist. Jhajjar, Haryana , (vi) Village: Rupand, Tensil-

Badwara, Dist. Katni, M.P. (vii) Aligarh U.P. (viii) Balasinor,

Gujarat etc. Secretarial Audit has been conducted

in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for

evaluating the corporate conduct/statutory compliances

and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of books, papers, minute

books, forms and returns filed and other records

maintained by the Company and also the information

provided by the Company, its Officers, Agents and

Authorized representatives during the conduct of

secretarial audit, the explanations and clarifications

given to us and the representations made by the

Management and considering the relaxations granted

by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities and

Exchange Board of India warranted due to the spread

of the COVID-19 pandemic, we hereby report that in

our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period

covering the financial year ended on 31st March, 2022,

complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder

and also that the Company has proper Board-processes

and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the

manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books,

forms and returns filed and other records maintained by

the Company for the financial year ended on 31st March,

2022 according to the provisions of:

i.

The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the rules

made there under;

ii.

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956

(‘SCRA’) and the rules made there under;

iii.

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and

Bye-laws framed there under;

iv.

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the

rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent

of Foreign Direct Investment and Overseas Direct

Investment and External commercial Borrowings.,

v.

Secretarial Standards as prescribed by Institute of

Company Secretaries of India.

vi.

The following Regulations and Guidelines with

amendments thereto prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992

(‘SEBI Act’):-

a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and

Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

b)

The Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015;

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2018 and amendments from time

to time;

d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities)

Regulations, 2008 and amendments from time

to time;

e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirement) Regulations, 2015 and

amendments from time to time;

f)

The Competition Act, 2002 and Rules/

Regulations framed thereunder;

vii

Following other laws are applicable specifically to

the company

a)

Factories Act, 1948;

b)

Industries ( Development & Regulation)

Act, 1951;

c)

Laws prescribed related to mining activities;

130

131

J.K. CEMENT LTD.

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

WORLD OF J.K. CEMENT

LEADERSHIP MESSAGES

VALUE-CREATION APPROACH

CAPITAL-WISE PERFORMANCE

OUR BOARD

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our Responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of accounts of

the company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules

and regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

For: Reena Jakhodia & Associates

Company Secretaries

(Reena Jakhodia)

Proprietor

Membership No: F6435

C.P. No.: 6083

UDIN: F006435D000288827

Place: Kanpur

Date: 09.05.2022

132

133

J.K. CEMENT LTD.

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

WORLD OF J.K. CEMENT

LEADERSHIP MESSAGES

VALUE-CREATION APPROACH

CAPITAL-WISE PERFORMANCE

OUR BOARD

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Chairman - Corporate Social

Date: 21-05-2022

DIN : - 02426556

Responsibility Committee

DIN:- 00339934

138

139

J.K. CEMENT LTD.

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

WORLD OF J.K. CEMENT

LEADERSHIP MESSAGES

VALUE-CREATION APPROACH

CAPITAL-WISE PERFORMANCE

OUR BOARD

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

1.a. (ii) Name:

Mr. Shambhu Singh

Designation:

Company Secretary and Vice President (Legal)

Telephone Number:

+91-512-2371478-81

E-mail ID:

shambhu.singh@jkcement.com

2

Principle-wise (as per National Voluntary Guidelines) BR Policy/policies (Reply in Y/N)

The National Voluntary Guidelines on Social, Environmental and Economic Responsibilities of Business (NVGs) released by the

Ministry of Corporate Affairs has adopted nine areas of Business Responsibility. These briefly are as under:

Principle 1 (P1): Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability

Principle 2 (P2): Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout their life

cycle

Principle 3 (P3): Businesses should promote the well-being of all employees

Principle 4 (P4): Businesses should respect the interests of, and be responsive towards all stakeholders, especially those who are

disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalized

Principle 5 (P5): Businesses should respect and promote human rights

Principle 6 (P6): Businesses should respect, protect, and make efforts to restore the environment

Principle 7 (P7): Businesses, when engaged in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible manner

Principle 8 (P8): Businesses should support inclusive growth and equitable development

Principle 9 (P9): Businesses should engage with and provide value to their customers and consumers in a responsible manner

BRR Section

QUESTIONS

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

i.

Do you have a policy/policy for.

Yes

ii. Has the policy being formulated in consultation with the

relevant stakeholders?

Yes, Our Company is engaging with our internal and external

stakeholders periodically to understand their concerns and needs.

Subsequent to our discussions, we present any changes required in

our Board meetings to update policies and business practices

iii. Does the policy conform to any national / international

standards? If yes, specify? (50 words)

Yes, policies and practices meet application regulatory and best

practices requirements as evaluated by the organization at the time

of their formulation. The same are evaluated and updated from time to

time as seen appropriate

iv. Has the policy been approved by the Board? If yes, has

it been signed by MD/ owner/ CEO/ appropriate Board

Director?

Yes

v. Does the Company have a specified committee of the

Board/ Director/ Official to oversee the implementation of

the policy?

Yes, The Company has numerous Board level and other committees

in place for looking after different aspects of the day-to-day business

activities, including supervision over proper policy application and

adherence to various Company policies and practices.

Please refer to Sustainability strategy section and our Report on

Corporate Governance

vi. Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online?

The policies can be viewed at: https://www.jkcement.com/Company_

policy

vii. Has the policy been formally communicated to all relevant

internal and external stakeholders?

Yes, Policies and practices have been communicated to all relevant

stakeholders as per their applicability.

viii. Does the Company have in-house structure to implement

the policy/ policies?

Yes

ix. Does the Company have a grievance redressal mechanism

related to the policy/ policies to address stakeholders’

grievances related to the policy/ policies?

Yes, the Company has a Whistle Blower Policy with grievance redressal

mechanism for stakeholders to raise their grievances

x. Has the Company carried out independent audit/ evaluation

of the working of this policy by an internal or external

agency?

Yes, checks and balances are in place for ensuring strict compliance to

various Company policies and practices

142

143

J.K. CEMENT LTD.

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

WORLD OF J.K. CEMENT

LEADERSHIP MESSAGES

VALUE-CREATION APPROACH

CAPITAL-WISE PERFORMANCE

OUR BOARD

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Executive, Non

– Independent

Brother of Mr.

Madhavkrishna

Singhania and son of

Dr. Nidhipati Singhania

2

-

-

-

4

Mr. Madhavkrishna

Singhania

Executive, Non

– Independent

Brother of

Dr. Raghavpat

Singhania and son of

Dr. Nidhipati Singhania

4

-

5

Mr. Ajay Kumar

Saraogi

Executive, Non

– Independent

5

-

6

Mr. Ajay Narayan

Jha

Non- Executive,

Independent

1

2

-

7

Mr. Ashok Sinha

Non- Executive,

Independent

7

5

1

1. Cipla Limited

2. The Tata Power Company

Limited

3. Navin Fluorine International

Limited

4. Tata Communication Limited

8

Dr. K.B. Agarwal

Non- Executive,

Independent

4

2

2

1. Key Corp Ltd.

2. Jaykay Enterprises Ltd.

The number of Directorships on the Board and Board Committees of other companies, of which the Directors are

members / Chairman is given as under:

Report on Corporate Governance

1.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

1.1 Company’s philosophy on Code of Corporate

Governance

At J.K. Cement Ltd. (‘JK Cement’ or ‘the Company’),

we view corporate governance in its widest sense,

almost like trusteeship, integrity, transparency;

accountability and compliance with laws which are

the columns of good governance are cemented in

the Company’s business practices to ensure ethical

and responsible leadership both at the Board and at

the Management Level. The Company’s philosophy

on Corporate Governance is to enhance the long-

term economic value of the Company, sustainable

return to its stakeholders i.e. the society at large

by adopting best corporate practices in fair and

transparent manner by aligning interest of the

Company with that of its shareholders/other key

stakeholders. Corporate Governance is not merely

compliance and not simply creating checks and

balances, it is an ongoing measure of superior

delivery of Company’s objects with a view to

translate opportunities into reality. This, together

with meaningful CSR activities and sustainable

development policies followed by the Company, has

enabled your Company to earn trust and goodwill

of its investors, business partners, employees

and the communities in which it operates. In so far

as compliance with the requirements of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) as

amended is concerned, your Company is in full

compliance with the norms and disclosures that

have to be made.

1.2 Governance Structure

JK Cement’s Governance structure broadly

comprises the Board of Directors and the

Committees of the Board at the apex level and

the Management structure at the operational

level. This layered structure brings about a

harmonious blend in governance as the Board

sets the overall corporate objectives and gives

direction and freedom to the Management to

achieve these corporate objectives within a given

framework, thereby bringing about an enabling

environment for value creation through sustainable

profitable growth.

2.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The JK Cement Board plays a pivotal role in

ensuring that the Company runs on sound and that

its resources are utilized for creating sustainable

growth and societal wealth. The Board operates

within the framework of a well-defined responsibility

matrix which enables it to discharge its fiduciary

duties of safeguarding the interest of the Company;

ensuring fairness in the decision making process,

integrity and transparency in the Company’s dealing

with its Members and other stakeholders.

Committee of Directors

With a view to have a more focused attention on various

facets of business and for better accountability, the

Board has constituted the various committees viz. Audit

Committee, Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee,

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Corporate

Social Responsibility Committee, Risk Management

Committee and Committee of Directors. Each of these

Committees has been mandated to operate within a

given framework.

Management Structure

Management Structure for running the business of

the Company as a whole is in place with appropriate

delegation of powers and responsibilities. The Managing

Director is in overall control and responsible for the

day-to- day working of the Company. He gives strategic

directions, lays down policy guidelines and ensures

implementation of the decisions of the Board of

Directors and its various Committees.

Board of Directors

(i)

Composition of the Board

At J.K. Cement, the Board is headed by its

Chairperson. The Independent Directors on the

Board are experienced, competent and highly

reputed persons from their respective fields. The

Independent Directors take active part at the

Board and Committee Meetings, which adds vision,

strategic direction and value in the decision making

process of the Board of Directors.

The composition of the Board of Directors is given

herein below:

•

Two Promoter, Executive, Non- Independent

Directors,

•

One Non Promoter Executive Director

•

Four Non- Executive, Non- Independent

Directors,

•

Seven Non- Executive, Independent Directors.

(ii) Attendance of each Director at the Board Meetings

and last Annual General Meeting

The Board usually meets at least once a quarter to

review the quarterly financial results and operations

of your Company etc. In addition, the Board also

meets as and when necessary to address specific

issues relating to the business of your Company.

During the financial year ended 31st March, 2022 six

Board Meetings were held on the following dates:

146

147

J.K. CEMENT LTD.

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

WORLD OF J.K. CEMENT

LEADERSHIP MESSAGES

VALUE-CREATION APPROACH

CAPITAL-WISE PERFORMANCE

OUR BOARD

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

letter

of appointment is given, which inter alia explains the

role, function, duties and responsibilities expected

as a Director of the Company. The Director is also

explained in detail the compliances required from him/

her under the Companies Act, Regulation 25(7) of the

Listing Regulations and other relevant regulations and

necessary affirmation taken with respect to the same.

Meeting of Independent Directors

The Company’s Independent Directors meet at least

once in every financial year without the presence of Non-

Independent Directors and management personnel inter

alia to:

-

Review the performance of Non-Independent

(Executive and Non Executive) Directors and the

Board as a whole,

-

Review the performance of the: Managing Director of

the Company, taking into account the views of Non-

Executive Directors,

-

Assess the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of

information between the Company’s management

and the Board that is necessary for the Board to

effectively and reasonably perform their duties.

During the year under review, the Independent

Directors met on 4.2.2022 without the presence of Non

Independent Directors and management personnel to

discuss the aforesaid issues.

Performance Evaluation of Independent Directors

The Board evaluates the performance of Independent

Directors and recommends commission payable to

them based on their commitment towards attending the

meetings of the Board/Committees, contribution and

attention to the affairs of the Company and their overall

performance apart from sitting fees paid for each Board

and Committee Meetings attended by them.

Familiarization Program for Director

On appointment, the concerned Director is issued a

Letter of Appointment setting out in detail, the terms

of appointment, duties, responsibilities and expected

time commitments. Each newly appointed Independent

Director is taken through an induction and familiarization

program including the presentation and interactive

session with the Managing Director and other Functional

Heads on the Company’s manufacturing, marketing,

finance and other important aspects. The Company

Secretary briefs the Director about their legal and

regulatory responsibilities as a Director. The program

also includes visit to the plants to familiarize them with

all facets of cement manufacturing. On the matters

of specialized nature, the Company engages outside

experts/consultants for presentation and discussion

with the Board members.

Meeting, Agenda and Proceeding of Board Meeting

•

Agenda: All the meetings are conducted as per well

designed and structured agenda and in line with

the compliance requirement under the Companies

Act, 2013, Rules framed thereunder and applicable

Secretarial Standards prescribed by ICSI. All the

agenda items are backed by necessary supporting

information and documents (except for the critical

price sensitive information, which is circulated

separately or placed at the meeting) to enable

the Board to take informed decisions. Agenda

also includes minutes of the earlier meetings.

Additional agenda items in the form of “Other

Business” are included with the permission of the

Chairperson. Agenda papers are circulated seven

days prior to the Meeting. In addition, for any

business exigencies, the resolutions are passed

by circulation and later placed at the subsequent

Board/Committee Meeting for ratification/ approval.

•

Invitees & Proceedings: Apart from the Board

members, the Company Secretary, the CFO are

attending all Board Meeting. Chief Operating

Officer, Dy CFO, Business Head are invited to attend

the Board Meetings when required. Other senior

management executives are invited as and when

necessary, to provide additional inputs for the

items being discussed by the Board. The Deputy

Managing Director and CFO briefs on the quarterly

Sl.

No

Name of Director

Category

Relationship Inter se

Director

@No. of

other

Directorship

**No. of Board

committees (other

than JK Cement Ltd.)

In which

Name of Listed Company (ies)

(other than JK Cement Ltd.)

Managing Director of Meenakshi

Tea Co. Ltd. and Director in various Public Limited and

Private Limited Companies including Chairman in three

companies. Mr. Jalan has had the honour of presiding

over the apex body of the Chambers of Commerce in

India, the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce

and Industry (FICCI), and was President of the All India

Management Association (AIMA). Mr. Jalan was also

President of the International Chamber of Commerce

(ICC India). He served on the Board of the Indian Institute

of Management, Kolkata. He is Honorary Counsel

General of Greece in Kolkata. He is also associated with a

number of Charitable Institutions.

Mr. Ajay Narayan Jha, Non-Executive, Independent

Director, aged 63 years, has superannuated from Indian

Administrative Service in February 2019 (Manipur

Cadre 1982 Batch).

He is MA in History with First Class from St. Stephen’s

College, Delhi University, MA in Economic Policy

Management from McGill University, Montreal, Quebec,

Canada and M.Phil in Public Administration from Indian

Institute of Public Administration, New Delhi.

He held various important positions with Government

of India viz. Member, Fifteenth Finance Commission,

Finance Secretary, Ministry of Finance, Government

of India, Secretary, Ministry of Finance, Department

of Expenditure, Secretary, Ministry of Environment,

Forest & Climate Change to name a few. Earlier he held

important position with Govt. of Manipur also. Besides he

undertook international assignments and has published

papers on elections and environment.

Mr. Mudit Aggarwal, Non-Executive, Independent

Director aged about 36 years, possesses degree in

Bachelor of Science (Double Major in electrical and

computer engineering and business administration)

Mudit Aggarwal, from Carnegie Melon University -

USA and also holds Diploma from Indian Institute

of Management - Ahmedabad (IIM-A) on revenue

management and dynamic pricing in 2015.He is a

dynamic corporate leader with deep experience across

the manufacturing, retail and hospitality sector.Mudit’s

career reflects a demonstrated track record in leading

successful transformation initiatives and creating

enabling environments within large companies that allow

the creation of new ideas and business lines. He started

his career from Deloitte as a Technical Advisor in the

USA and thereafter moved to India for taking reigns of

overall operations of Mansingh Hotels and Resorts Ltd,

a leading hospitality player with presence in the retail

mall space.

He was instrumental to adapt to changing market

conditions and disruptive market forces by Mansingh

Group of Hotels. In 2013, he independently founded MMX

Foods and under his able leadership MMX became one

of India’s best recognized large scale bakery, supplying

large domestic and international players such as Amul,

Reliance, Future Consumer, Big Basket, Metro Cash

& Carry and Vistara. Today, MMX is the Indian market

leader for third party manufacturing in modern trade with

turnover of `15 Crores in 2020-21 under his leadership.

He is acting as Trustee of the Seth Jai Parkash Mukand

Lal, which governs premier 30 educational institutions

in Haryana and UP with student capacity of approx..

22,500. The object and mission of Mukund Trust is that

education should be made affordable to all sections

of the society, providing ample opportunities and

resources for all to achieve their personal and academic

potentials.The Trust is inculcating free education and

assistance to a minimum of 1000 students per year,

provide interest free study loans, scholarships and to

provide healthcare to the villages around Yamuna Nagar.

He is an active member of the Rotary Club of Delhi and

Young Indians (CII) of the corporate debt restructuring

mechanism in India

Dr. K. B. Agarwal aged about 83 years Non-Executive,

Independent Director (Graduate of Law, PhD, ICWA and

CS)

Krishna Behari Agarwal is a Non-Executive, Independent

Director of our Company. He holds Post Graduate

and annual operating & financial performance

and Deputy: Managing Director & CEO on annual

operating & capex budget. The Managing Director,

the Deputy Managing Director & CEO briefs on

capex proposals & progress, operational health &

safety, marketing & cement industry scenario and

other business issues. The

Managing Director of Bharat Petroleum Corporation

Ltd. (BPCL), which is present across the entire

value chain with activities covering exploration and

production, refining and marketing oil and gas products.

He spent 33 years in BPCL, where he served on the

Board of BPCL for 15 years - first as Director (Finance)

for 10 years from 1996 and then as its Chairman and: Managing Director for 5 years from August 2005.

He has been conferred with the India Chief Financial

Officer Award 2001 for Information and Knowledge

Management by the Economic Intelligence Unit (EIU)

India and American Express. He received an award

from TMG (Technology Media Group) for Customer

Management. He is also the recipient of the CIO-100

Award (USA)-1999 for the top 100 firms worldwide

for their innovative practices that leverage people

and technology.

He has attended Management Programs at Harvard

Institute of International Development, Boston and at the

University of Leeds, UK.

Currently, he serves as an Independent Director

on the Boards of Cipla Ltd., Tata Power Co Ltd, Tata

Communications Ltd, Navin Fluorine International Ltd,

Maithon Power Ltd and Cipla (EU) Ltd, UK.

Degree in Commerce, Degree in Law and Ph.D. in

Commerce. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Cost and

Works Accountants of India and Institute of Company

Secretaries of India. He is experienced in the fields of

finance, accounts and capital markets. He has served

Merchants’ Chamber of Uttar Pradesh and Uttar

Pradesh Stock Exchange Association Limited as its

President. He has been a member of the Federation of

Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry and the

Associated Chambers of Commerce & Industry of India.

Mr. Paul Heinz Hugentobler aged about 73 years Non-

Executive, Non-Independent Director (Civil Engineer &

Degree in Economic Science)

Paul Heinz Hugentobler is a Non-Executive, Non-

Independent Director of our Company. He graduated

in civil engineering from Swiss Federal Institute of

Technology, Zurich and also has a degree in economic

science from the Graduate School of Economics and

Business of St. Gallen. He has served as the area

manager for the Holcim Asia Pacific Region and was a

member of the Holcim Executive Committee responsible

for South Asia and ASEAN. He is also the chairman

of Siam City Cement Group having its operations in

Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka.

Dr. Nidhipati Singhania, Vice

Managing Director including details

of fixed components and performance linked

incentives. As for the Non-Executive Directors,

their appointment on the Board is for the benefit

of the Company due to their vast professional

expertise in their individual capacity. The Company

suitably remunerates them by paying sitting fee for

attending the meetings of the Board and various

committees of the Board and commission on profit.

S. No

Name of Director

No. of Shares held

1

Mrs. Sushila Devi Singhania

3335957

2

Dr. Raghavpat Singhania

250210

3

Mr. Madhavkrishna Singhania

250210

4

Dr. Nidhipati Singhania

42428

5

Mr. Ajay Kumar Saraogi

3340

6

Dr. K.B. Agarwal

300

7

Mr. Ashok Sinha

10

experience and background etc. of

the candidate;

20. Carrying out any other function as is

mentioned in the terms of reference of the

audit committee.

(ii) The audit committee shall mandatorily review the

following information

1.

management discussion and analysis of

financial condition and results of operations;

2.

statement of significant related party

transactions (as defined by the audit

committee), submitted by management;

3.

management letters/ letters of internal control

weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors;

4.

internal audit reports relating to internal

control weaknesses;

5.

the appointment, removal and terms of

remuneration of the internal auditor shall be

subject to review by the audit committee.

6.

statement of deviations:

a.

quarterly statement of deviation(s)

including report of monitoring agency, if

applicable, submitted to stock exchange(s)

in terms of Regulation 32(1).

b.

annual statement of funds utilized for

purposes other than those stated in the

offer document/ prospectus/ notice in

terms of Regulation 32(7).

(iii) Composition of the Committee

Following Directors were the members of the

Audit Committee:

i.

Dr. K.B. Agarwal (Chairman) Independent, Non-

Executive Director

ii.

Mr. A. Karati, Independent, Non- Executive Director

(till 12.06.2021)

iii.

Mr. J.N. Godbole, Independent Non- Executive

Director (till 12.06.2021)

iv.

Mr. Ashok Sinha, Independent, Non-

Executive Director

v.

Mr. Saurabh Chandra. Independent, Non-

Executive Director

vi.

Dr. Nidhipati Singhania Non Independent, Non-

Executive Director (w.e.f. 13.11.2021)

vii. Mr. Ajay Narayan Jha, Independent, Non- Executive

Director (w.e.f. 13.11.2021)

All these Directors possess knowledge of

Corporate Finance/ Accounts/ Company Law/

Industry. Mr. Paul Heinz Hugentobler, Director and

Mr. A. K. Saraogi, Dy.: Managing

Managing Director and the CFO have certified

to the Board, inter-alia the accuracy of financial

statements and adequacy of Internal Controls for

the financial reporting purpose as required under

Listing Regulations, for the year ended 31.3.2022.

160

161

J.K. CEMENT LTD.

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

WORLD OF J.K. CEMENT

LEADERSHIP MESSAGES

VALUE-CREATION APPROACH

CAPITAL-WISE PERFORMANCE

OUR BOARD

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

of Meenakshi Tea Co. Ltd. and Director in various Public

Limited and Private Limited Companies including

Chairman in three companies. He was President of All

India Management Association (AIMA) and International

Chamber of Commerce (ICC) India. He served on the

Board of Indian Institute of Management, Kolkata.

He presided over Federation of Indian Chamber of

Commerce and Industry, apex body of ICC India. He is

Honorary Consul General of Greece in Kolkata. He is also

associated with a number of Charitable Institutions.

CONFIRMATION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS’

ACCEPTANCE OF RECOMMENDATION OF MANDATORY/

NON-MANDATORY COMMITTEES.

The Board of Directors have confirmed that during the

year under report,it has accepted the recommendations

received from its mandatory/non mandatory

Committees. None of the recommendations made by any

of the Committees has been rejected by the Board.

Code of Conduct

The Board of Directors has already adopted the Code of

Ethics & Business Conduct for the Directors and Senior

Management Personnel. This Code is a comprehensive

code applicable to Executive as well as Non- Executive

Directors and members of the Senior Management. A

copy of the Code has been hosted on the Company’s

website www.jkcement.com. The Code has been

circulated to all the members of the Board and Senior

Management Personnel and compliance of the same has

been affirmed by them hereinafter.

12. MEANS OF COMMUNICATIONS

The Annual, Half yearly and Quarterly results are

submitted to the Stock Exchange(s) in accordance

with Listing Regulations and the same are normally

published in Business Standard, Economic Times,

Nav Bharat Times, Hindustan, Times of India and

Nafa Nuksan newspapers. Management Discussion

and Analysis forms part of Annual Report, which is

posted to the Shareholders of the Company.

All vital information relating to the Company and its

performance, including quarterly results etc. are

simultaneously posted on Company’s website www.

jkcement.com. Further, Shareholding pattern and

quarterly corporate governance report is uploaded

on the NSE Electronic Application Processing

System (NEAPS) maintained by NSE and www.

listing.bseindia.com maintained by BSE.

Presentations to Institutional Investors/

Analysts:- These presentations and schedule

of Analyst or Institutional Investors meet are

also uploaded on the Company’s website www.

jkcement.com as well as sent to the Stock

Exchanges. No unpublished price sensitive

information is discussed in the presentation

made to Institutional Investors and Financial

Analysts. Further, the Transcript of such

Institutional Investors and Financial Analysts

meet are uploaded on Company’s website www.

jkcement.com

Prevention of insider Trading: In accordance

with the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading Regulations), a

comprehensive code of conduct for prevention

and regulation of trading in the Company’s share

by insiders is in vogue. The Code prohibits the

purchase or sale of Company shares by the

Directors and the designated employees while

in possession of unpublished price sensitive

information in relation to the company.

Ordinary Resolution to appoint Mr. Mudit Aggarwal (DIN: 07374870) as an Independent Director of the Company

for a term of 5 (Five) consecutive years with effect from 14th August. 2021.

Ordinary Resolution to modify the Resolution No.9 Passed at the 27th Annual General Meeting held on 14

August 2021 with respect to terms of appointment of Mr. Ajay Narayan Jha (DIN: 02270071) as a Non Executive

Independent Director of the Company.

Special Resolution to alter the Articles of Association of the Company.

Particulars

No. of Members who voted

electronically

Total No. of votes

cast

% of Total votes cast

to Paid-up E uity Share

Capital

% of votes cast to

Total votes cast

A

The Members who voted with

Assent (Favour) for the Resolution

458

6,56,96,474

85.02

100

B

The members who voted with

Dissent (Against) for the Resolution

16

257

Negligible

Negligible

TOTAL (A+B)

474

6,56,96,731

85.02

100

Result: As the votes cast by the members in favour of fhe resolution are more than the votes cast against the resolution, the proposed resolution

has been passed with requisite majority .as an “Ordinary Resolution” within the meaning of Section 114(2) of the Companies Act, 2013.

Particulars

No. of Members who voted

electronically

Total No. of votes

cast

% of Total votes cast to

Paid-up Equity Share

Capital

% of votes cast to

Total votes cast

A

The Members who voted with

Assent (Favour) for the Resolution

455

6,56,94,413

85.02

99.996

B

The members who voted with

Dissent (Against) for the Resolution

18

2,314

Negligible

0.004

TOTAL (A+B)

473

6,56,96,727

85.02

100.00

Result: As the votes cast by the members in favour of the resolution are more than the votes cast against the resolution, the proposed resolution

has been passed with requisite majority as an “Ordinary Resolution” within the meaning of Section 114(2) of the Companies Act, 2013.

Particulars

No. of Members who voted

electronically

Total No. of votes

cast

% of Total votes cast

to Paid-up E uity Share

Capital

% of votes cast to

Total votes cast

A

The Members who voted with

Assent (Favour) for the Resolution

464

6,89,10,131

89.18

99.996

B

The members who voted with

Dissent (Against) for the Resolution

20

2,547

Negligible

0.004

TOTAL (A+B)

484

6,89,12,678

89.18

100

Result: As the votes cast by the members in favour of the special resolution are more than three times the votes cast against the resolution, the

proposed resolution has been passed with requisite majority as a “Special Resolution” within the meaning of Section 114(2) of the Companies

Act, 2013.

Procedure for Postal Ballot:

In compliance with Sections 108 and 110 and other

applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013,

read with the related Rules, the Company provides

electronic voting (e-voting) facility to all its members.

The Company engages the services of CDSL for the

purpose of providing e-voting facility to all its members.

The members have the option to vote either by physical

ballot or through e-voting.

The Company dispatches the postal ballot notices

and forms along with postage prepaid business reply

envelopes to its members whose names appear on the

register of members / list of beneficiaries as on a cut-

off date. The postal ballot notice is sent to members

in electronic form to the email addresses registered

with their depository participants (in case of electronic

shareholding)/the Company’s registrar and share

transfer agents (in case of physical shareholding). The

Company also publishes a notice in the newspaper

declaring the details of completion of dispatch and

other requirements as mandated under the Act and

applicable Rules.

Voting rights are reckoned on the paid-up value of the

shares registered in the names of the members as on the

cut-off date. Members desiring to exercise their votes

by physical postal ballot forms are requested to return

the forms, duly completed and signed, to the scrutinizer

on or before the close of the voting period. Members

desiring to exercise their votes by electronic mode are

requested to vote before close of business hours on the

last date of e-voting.

162

163

J.K. CEMENT LTD.

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

WORLD OF J.K. CEMENT

LEADERSHIP MESSAGES

VALUE-CREATION APPROACH

CAPITAL-WISE PERFORMANCE

OUR BOARD

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

170

171

J.K. CEMENT LTD.

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

WORLD OF J.K. CEMENT

LEADERSHIP MESSAGES

VALUE-CREATION APPROACH

CAPITAL-WISE PERFORMANCE

OUR BOARD

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director & Deputy Managing

Director and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Pursuant to

Regulation 17(8) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015

We the undersigned, in our respective capacities as: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director

ii)

Shri Madhavkrishna Singhania

Dy: Managing Director and CEO

iii)

Smt. Sushila Devi Singhania

Chairperson and Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

iv)

Dr. Nidhipati Singhania

Vice-

Managing Director and CEO)

-

Remuneration

1,367.14

820.89

vi) Shri Ajay Kumar Saraogi (Dy: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director

ii)

Shri Madhavkrishna Singhania

Dy: Managing Director and CEO

iii) Smt. Sushila Devi Singhania

Chairperson and Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

iv) Dr. Nidhipati Singhania (From May 28,2021)

Vice-

Managing Director)(Till 13 August 2020)

- Remuneration

-

-

- Rent paid

-

5.04

- Rent paid to relatives

-

27.40

- Reimbursement of Water tax and house tax

-

-

ii)

Smt Sushila Devi Singhania (Chairperson)

- Commission

25.00

25.00

- Sitting Fees

5.00

3.75

- Rent paid

9.12

13.16

- Rent paid to relatives

9.12

-

iii) Dr. Nidhipati Singhania (Vice-Chairman)

- Commission

20.00

-

- Sitting Fees

3.00

-

- Rent paid

9.12

-

iv) Dr. Raghavpat Singhania (: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

letter etc. with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to

Reena Jakhodia at email id: rjkanpur@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional

shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of

Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed

under “e-Voting” tab in their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to

keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful

attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User

Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to

reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call

on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a request to Mr. Sunil Kumble at evoting@nsdl.

co.in

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not

registered with the depositories for procuring user id

and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting

for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please

provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned

copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN

(self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR

(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by

email to shambhu.singh@jkcement.com or jitendra.

awasthi@jkcement.com.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please

provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit

beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of

Consolidated Account Statement, PAN (self attested

scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested

scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to shambhu.singh@

jkcement.com or jitendra.awasthi@jkcement.

com. If you are an Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer

to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login

method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting

for Individual shareholders holding securities in

demat mode.

3.

Alternatively shareholder/members may send a

request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user

id and password for e-voting by providing above

mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9,

2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed

Companies, Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode are allowed to vote

through their demat account maintained with

Depositories and Depository Participants.

Shareholders are required to update their mobile

number and email ID correctly in their demat

account in order to access e-Voting facility.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR

e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE EGM/AGM ARE AS

UNDER:-

1.

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EGM/

AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above

for remote e-voting.

2.

Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be

present in the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM facility

and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions

through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not

barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote

through e-Voting system in the EGM/AGM.

3.

Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting

will be eligible to attend the EGM/AGM. However,

they will not be eligible to vote at the EGM/AGM.

4.

The details of the person who may be contacted

for any grievances connected with the facility for

e-Voting on the day of the EGM/AGM shall be the

same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING

THE EGM/AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS

UNDER:

1.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend

the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL

e-Voting system. Members may access by following

the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL

e-Voting system. After successful login, you can

see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join

meeting” menu against company name. You are

requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under

Join General Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM

will be available in Shareholder/Member login where

the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note

that the members who do not have the User ID and

Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID

and Password may retrieve the same by following

the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the

notice to avoid last minute rush.

2.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting

through Laptops for better experience.

3.

Further Members will be required to allow Camera

and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any

disturbance during the meeting.

4.

Please note that Participants Connecting from

Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop

connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience

Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their

respective network. It is therefore recommended to

use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any

kind of aforesaid glitches.

5.

Shareholders who would like to express their views/

have questions may send their questions in advance

mentioning their name demat account number/

folio number, email id, mobile number at shambhu.

singh@jkcement.com or jitendra.awasthi@

jkcement.com. The same will be replied by the

company suitably.

6.

Shareholders who would like to express their views/

ask questions during the meeting may register

themselves as a speaker by sending their request in

advance atleast 7 days prior to meeting mentioning

their name, demat account number/folio number,

email id, mobile number at shambhu.singh@

jkcement.com. The shareholders who do not wish

to speak during the AGM but have queries may send

their queries in advance 7 days prior to meeting

mentioning their name, demat account number/

folio number, email id, mobile number at shambhu.

singh@jkcement.com.These queries will be replied

to by the company suitably by email.

7.

Those shareholders who have registered

themselves as a speaker will only be allowed

to express their views/ask questions during

the meeting.

336

337

J.K. CEMENT LTD.

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

WORLD OF J.K. CEMENT

LEADERSHIP MESSAGES

VALUE-CREATION APPROACH

CAPITAL-WISE PERFORMANCE

OUR BOARD

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTICE

Managing Director of Meenakshi

Tea Co. Ltd. and Director in various Public Limited and

Private Limited Companies including Chairman in three

companies. He was President of All India Management

Association (AIMA) and International Chamber of

Commerce (ICC) India.

He served on the Board of Indian Institute of Management,

Kolkata. He presided over Federation of Indian Chamber

of Commerce and Industry, apex body of ICC India.

He is Honorary Consul General of Greece in

Kolkata. He is also associated with a number of

Charitable Institutions.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the

Board of Director has recommended the continuation of

appointment of Shri Sudhir Jalan as “ Non Executive Non

Independent Director’’ of the Company, considering his

rich experience, expertise and contribution in the growth

of the Company.

The Members are, therefore, requested to grant

their approval by way of special Resolution for the

continuation of appointment of Shri Sudhir Jalan

(DIN00111118) as a ‘Non- Executive Non Independent

Director’ of the Company, liable to retire by rotation.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company or their relatives except Shri Sudhir Jalan and

Smt. Sushila Devi Singhania being sister are in any way

concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the

aforesaid resolution.

The Board recommends the Special Resolution set forth

in item No.7 for approval of the Members.

ITEM NO. 8

As per the provisions of Section 42 read with Rule 14 of

the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities)

Rules, 2014, a Company offering or making an invitation

to subscribe to Non Convertible Debentures (“NCDs”) on

a private placement basis, is required to obtain the prior

approval of the Shareholders by way of a Special Resolution,

which can be obtained once in a year for all the offers and

invitations for such NCDs during the year. NCDs, including

Commercial Paper issued on private placement basis are a

significant source of borrowings for the Company.

The approval of the Members is being sought by way of a

Special Resolution under Section 42 and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Act read with the Rules made

there under to enable the Company to offer or invite

subscriptions for NCDs on a private placement basis, in

one or more tranches, during the period of one year from

the date of passing of this resolution by the Members/

Shareholders within the overall borrowing limits of the

Company, as approved by the Members from time to time,

with authority to the Board to determine the terms and

conditions, including the issue price of the NCDs.

The Directors recommend the Resolution at Item No.

8 of the accompanying Notice, for the approval of the

Members of the Company.

None of the Directors of the Company or their relatives

or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their

relatives, are concerned or interested in the passing

of the resolutions at Item No.8 except to the extent of

NCDs that may be subscribed by them, their relatives or

companies/firms in which they are interested.

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD

Shambhu Singh Membership No. FCS 5836

Vice President (Legal) & Company Secretary

Place : Kanpur

Dated : 21.5.22

Persons Acting in Concert

Sr. No

Persons Acting in Concert

No of shares

%age

1

Mr. Ajay Kumar Saraogi

3,340

0

2

Ms. Amrita Saraogi

3,000

0

3

Mrs. Pushpa Saraogi

5,048

0.01

Total

11,388

0.01

Name of the Director

Mr. Sudhir Jalan

DIN

00111118

Date of Birth

07-11-1944

Nationality

INDIAN

Date of Appointment on the Board

17-12-2019

Qualifications

Commerce Graduate and Master in Business Administration

Expertise in specific functional area

Business interest in diversified fields.

Number of shares held in the Company

NIL

List of the, directorships held in other companies*

THE SHAHJAHANPUR ELECTRIC SUPPLY CO.LTD.

APOLLO MULTISPECIALITY HOSPITALS LIMITED

SUBLIME AGRO LTD

RICE LAKE WEIGHING SYSTEMS INDIA LIMITED

MEENAKSHI TEA COMPANY LTD.

MEENAKSHI CEREBRUM PROPERTIES LIMITED

Last Remuneration Drawn

`1775000 towards commission and sitting fee

Number of Board Meeting attended

6

Relationship with other Directors

Brother of Mrs. Sushila Devi Singhania

Chairman/Members in the Committee of the Board

of Companies in which she/he is Director*

1

ANNEXURE

Details of Director seeking appointment and re-appointment at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.

[Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015 and

Secretarial Standard 2 on General Meetings]

*Directorship includes Directorship of other Indian Public Companies and Committee memberships includes only

Audit Committee and Stakeholders' Relationship Committee of Public Limited Company. (whether Listed or not)

340

341

J.K. CEMENT LTD.

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

WORLD OF J.K. CEMENT

LEADERSHIP MESSAGES

VALUE-CREATION APPROACH

CAPITAL-WISE PERFORMANCE

OUR BOARD

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTICE:

Managing Director

Madhavkrishna Singhania - Dy.: Managing

