CHAIRMAN'S

ADDRESS

We have delivered on our

expectations and promises in

the past, and we are certain

that our endeavours will bear

fruitful results going forward.

26

MANAGING: DIRECTOR'S LETTER

Together, we will create a

Company that will become an

industry leader.

30

BOARD OF

DIRECTORS

SMIORE values its goodwill

the most which it has earned

through its sheer hard work,

grit and resilience.

36

SUSTAINABILITY

DEVELOPEMENT

FRAMEWORK

The Company always has, and

always will, continue to prioritise

its duties and responsibilities

towards its communities and

the environment.

40

CULTURE AND

PHILOSOPHY

SMIORE is guided by a

strong value system rooted in

the Ghorpade family's legacy.

CONTENTS

34

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

FRAMEWORK

Being a value-driven Company,

it is no surprise that SMIORE

puts transparency and integrity

on such a high pedestal.

Managing Director

6

7

STRATEGIC REVIEW

THE SANDUR MANGANESE & IRON ORES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

INTRODUCTION & SNAPSHOT:

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

It is a pleasure to welcome you to the

Annual General Body meeting of SMIORE.

I recall that at the same time last year,

we were faced with unprecedented

challenges due to the Covid-19 pandemic.

Let us bow our heads in silent prayer to

our near and dear ones who lost their

lives during that terrible time.

I am relieved that we have not only

recovered from the setbacks of that time,

but have also become more resilient and

mindful of ourselves, our surroundings

and our people. FY22 was an eventful

year for our Company. Happily, we

grasped the opportunities that came our

way and delivered a robust performance

across all business segments, as our

strategies aligned well with our execution.

SUPERIOR

FINANCIAL POSITION

In FY22, we recorded ₹ 2,248.74 crore

of Revenue from Operations, which is an

all-time high, and a 201% increase over

the previous year’s performance. We

achieved an increase in our FY21 EBITDA

from ₹ 289.41 crore; a margin of 38%, to

₹ 1,009.36 crore in FY22, a margin of

44%. Our PAT grew from ₹ 153.93 crore

in FY21 to ₹ 675.11 crore in FY22, which

is an impressive increase of 339% over

the previous year. Besides reporting

Surpassed

It is safe to say that SMIORE has

indeed surpassed its financial

expectations in FY22, and is now

ready to take on its next leg of

challenges.

a superior topline and bottomline

performance, SMIORE achieved vastly

improved cash conversion, resulting in a

record ₹ 873.05 crore of net Cash from

Operating Activities.

At the end of FY22 our Company’s

gross Debt-to-Equity ratio stood at 0.19

compared to 0.37 in the previous year.

An improved gross Debt-to-Equity ratio

coupled with surplus cash reserves

has effectively made us a net debt-

free Company, further cementing our

confidence in our strategies and the

direction we have chosen to traverse.

On the operational front, we recorded

robust volumes across all our product

segments, especially in Ferroalloys and

Coke. FY22 was the first full financial year

of operations for our Coke segments.

Our realizations in these segments have

been in tandem with global trends,

which resulted in record profitability for

the Company.

It is thus safe to say that SMIORE has

surpassed its operational and financial

expectations in FY22, and is now ready to

take on its next leg of challenges.

A tête-à-tête

with our Chairman

SMIORE’S ENHANCED

PROFIT PROFILE

Let us take a closer look at our enhanced

profit profile for FY22, which comes in

the wake of robust financial performance

for the last two years. This is the result

of our successful efforts at business

diversification.

As may be seen in the below illustration,

there was a quantum jump in our PBT,

which moved from an average of

₹ 230 crore between FY18 to FY20 to

₹ 996 crore in FY22. This was achieved

through two measures, namely, the

addition of the Coke and Energy

segment, which has resulted in a

new stream of profit, and refurbishing

and modernisation of the Ferroalloys

segment, resulting in significant

capacity expansion.

While we acknowledge that our

profitability has also been buoyed by

good prevailing commodity prices, which

may not be repeated every year, we are

confident that the Company will maintain

a healthy mix of different profit streams,

resulting in a more resilient business

model than what prevailed in previous

years. Furthermore, we plan to build

on this momentum with further CAPEX,

already in the pipeline.

*Arithmetic Average FY18-20 | Note - PBT

excludes finance costs and unallocable

expenses/ income

SMIORE’S GOALS

AND AMBITIONS

As communicated through our regular

disclosures last year, SMIORE has

reworked its long-term operational

strategy to better suit its ambitions. With

new leadership and renewed fervour,

SMIORE is prepared and ready to take

the next big leap. In this regard, we have

modified our earlier plan for a 1 MTPA

fully-integrated steel plant. We now aim

to build and operate a 0.4 MTPA hot

metal plant, along with a value-added

production facility of 0.3 MTPA of DI

Pipes. This facility will be a fully-integrated

one, with captive Iron Ore and in-house

Coke production. Not only is the new plan

more suited to SMIORE’s current scale of

operation and capital allocation policy,

but it is also the next step in our ambition

to manufacture value-added products.

This is in line with our aim to transform

ourselves from a merchant miner to an

integrated commodity player focused on

producing value-added end-products.

With this project we will become one

of the few plants in India with such a

thorough level of integration.

CONCLUSION

I thank all of you for your support and

encouragement. It is your faith in us that

keeps us motivated to create maximum

value for all of you. We believe we have

delivered on our expectations and

promises in the past, and we are certain

that our endeavours will bear fruitful

results as we go forward.

T.R. Raghunandan

Chairman

IN FY22, WE RECORDED A

REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS

OF ₹ 2,248.74 CRORE, WHICH

WAS AT AN ALL-TIME HIGH

AND A MULTIFOLD INCREASE

OF 201% YEAR-ON-YEAR. WE

ALSO ACHIEVED A MARKED

INCREASE IN OUR EBITDA

FROM ₹ 289.41 CRORE IN FY21

TO ₹ 1,009.36 CRORE IN FY22,

RENDERING AN EBITDA

MARGIN OF 38% AND 44%,

RESPECTIVELY.

FY18-20 (AVERAGE*) (%)

FY21 (%)

FY22 (%)

Mining

Ferroalloys

98%

02%

Mining

Mining

Ferroalloys

Ferroalloys

Coke and energy

Coke and energy

87%

52%

04%

20%

09%

28%

230

crore

296

crore

996

crore

24

25

STRATEGIC REVIEW

THE SANDUR MANGANESE & IRON ORES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22: CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

What a terrific year it has been at SMIORE.

We are blessed to have such supportive

and enthusiastic team members,

shareholders and stakeholders, who have

helped us every step of the way in our

road to success - thank you very much for

being there, and we hope to stand true to

your expectations going forward as well.

A RICH LEGACY

As rightly put by Vladimir Ilyich Lenin,

“There are decades where nothing

happens, and then there are weeks

when decades happen”. Why am I

referring to this quote? Well, while it has

certainly not been weeks, I think it is fair

to say that SMIORE, in the last couple of

years, has transformed itself completely

- perhaps at the fastest pace ever in our

history. The Company has evolved to

become a new and improved version of

itself. At the risk of sounding repetitive,

I will remind you that while our business

canvas has transformed in response to

the changing industry landscape and in

anticipation of upcoming trends, what will

never change are our core values and

principles - we will always remain true to

my forefathers' vision. SMIORE was, is and

will be a Company that will always uphold

the same values that it has for over a

century now. We will continue to believe

in scientific and systematic mining,

extracting but never exploiting our finite

natural resources.

Our operations have always been

environment friendly, as we believe in

thanking nature for its bountiful gifts and

conserving it in whatever way we can,

be it through afforestation, reclamation,

environment protection or rehabilitation.

Further, our duty and responsibility

towards our employees remain

undeterred, as we uphold the principles

of being a fair and just employer even

today. Ensuring optimal health and

safety of our employees will always be

our topmost priority, and we will focus

on improving their quality of life through

welfare initiatives, as we have in the past.

A rendezvous

with our MD

EXPANDING OUR

MAINSTAY: MINING

Through our earlier disclosures, we

have communicated our intent and plans

of expanding our core operations in

the mining vertical, which has been the

backbone of the Company since

its inception.

To that effect, it is important to note that in

November 2021, the Company obtained

amended Terms of Reference (ToR) for

proposed enhancement of permissible

mining limits. Accordingly, we have

proposed to enhance manganese ore

mining operations from 0.28 MTPA to

0.46 MTPA and iron ore mining operations

from 1.60 MTPA to 4.50 MTPA, while duly

complying with the parameters prescribed

by the Hon’ble Supreme Court. For

this aforesaid expansion, the Company

has filed requisite applications with the

respective Government authorities.

Upon receiving the approval, our mining

operations should ramp up fairly quickly.

Post expansion, our businesses' scale

of operations and cash flow generation

will move to a different orbit and will

prove to be greatly beneficial to the

Company. Moreover, to counter any

possible depletion in the quality grade of

the additional mined ore, the Company

has also proposed a significantly higher

beneficiation unit facility of 7.0 MTPA

compared to the previous proposal for

2.0 MTPA.

AN EVOLVING

BUSINESS CANVAS

As far as the theme of transformation

goes, in the last two years we have

significantly strengthened our business

model. We have successfully transformed

ourselves from a pure-play merchant

miner to a relevant player in the

metallurgical industry. We have been

able to add a new feather to our cap by

once again proving our mettle in the

Ferroalloys industry - and I’m proud to

share that today we are running one

of the most operationally efficient and

profitable set of Ferroalloy operations

in the country. This success can be

attributed to our existing infrastructure,

including in mining, strategically

planned and executed projects such

as Coke Oven and WHRB based power

generation, that have dramatically

optimised operational efficiency, and our

team's unmatched efforts to execute all

projects within the stipulated timelines.

Further, in FY22, we obtained approval

to expand our manufacturing capabilities

to 95,000/ 1,25,000 TPA (SiMn/ FeMn)

from 48,000/ 66,000 TPA (SiMn/ FeMn),

thus adding more volumes to our output.

We are in the process of refurbishing

our existing manufacturing facility and

obtaining additional power requirements

to scale up to enhanced limits by the

beginning of FY24.

A SIGNIFICANT MILESTONE

THAT WE ACHIEVED THIS

YEAR WAS THE COKE

AND ENERGY VERTICAL

COMPLETING ITS FIRST

FULL FINANCIAL YEAR OF

OPERATIONS, WHICH IN FACT

GARNERED EXCEEDINGLY

POSITIVE RESULTS FOR US

AND AFFIRMED OUR BELIEF IN

THIS VERTICAL.

26

27

THE SANDUR MANGANESE & IRON ORES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

STRATEGIC REVIEW: MANAGING DIRECTOR’S LETTER

letter, one

of our core values is to conduct our

operations in an environment-friendly

and systematic manner, and we have

done just that all these years and will do

so even in the years to come. We are

extremely cognizant of the impact our

operations have on the environment,

and have always sought sustainable

alternatives in every facet of our

business - be it running one of our mining

operations on the principles of scientific

mining, or shifting our coal-based energy

generation to environment-friendly

waste-heat recovery based power

generation in the very recent past.

Of course, with the expansion of our

business and more ventures in the

metallurgical operations, such as the

expansion of existing verticals like

Ferroalloys, our energy needs will soar

in the coming year. However, after giving

it much thought, we have decided to

meet our energy requirements through

renewable sources of energy such as

solar and wind. To make this possible,

we have signed an agreement with

Renew Green Energy Solutions to set

up renewable energy assets that will

meet our growing needs in a sustainable

manner. The key takeaway here that I

would like you to understand is that, no

matter what the problem, our solution

will always be sustainable and

well-thought-out.

A BETTER SUITED

EXPANSION PLAN

During the year, we also took a very

crucial decision to reconfigure our

metallurgy expansion project. We

modified our proposal of 1 MTPA

integrated steel plant, as per our original

plan, and instead chose to venture into a

more suitable and well-integrated project

of hot metal to DI pipes and Pig Iron. In

this regard, we have already announced

a 0.4 MTPA capacity expansion which will

utilise our mined ore and manufactured

coke to produce hot metal. This hot metal

will be processed further to create a

downstream value-added products, i.e.

0.3 MTPA of DI pipes and balance will

be converted to Pig Iron. DI pipes will

have vast applications in a growing and

developing country such as ours, wherein

infrastructure and water supply will

require significant investments.

Adding further credibility to our belief

is India’s effort to grow its water

infrastructure, such as the Government’s

vision of ‘Har Ghar Nal Se Jal’ or the ‘Jal

Jeevan Mission’, and we are certain that

this will prove to be a highly lucrative

segment for us in the near and far term.

Moreover, our strategically located facility

in Southern India will be well-positioned

to leverage opportunities coming up in

the region as well.

Additionally, we have formed a wholly

owned subsidiary called ‘Sandur Pellets

Private Limited.' This company proposes

to set up a Pellet plant and associated

infrastructure to produce a value-added

product such as Pellets by consuming

the beneficiated ore from the mines

to integrate and diversify the product

portfolio to strengthen our business

model further.

WEAVING SUSTAINABILITY

INTO OUR OPERATIONS

With each passing day, the world is

becoming more affirmed in its belief

in sustainability for a better tomorrow.

At SMIORE, we have always known,

understood, promoted and propagated

this belief. However, it is now more

imperative than ever to ingrain

sustainability in our DNA, and we are

making every effort in this direction. So

far, our efforts have been concentrated

on sustainable mining operations, which

by the way has often been referred to

as a case study and an example in the

mining industry, but now we are focused

on extrapolating this across all our other

operations as well. We are resolved in

our dedication and commitment towards

achieving sustainable growth and

ensuring best corporate governance

and sustainability practices through our

comprehensive strategy, thus setting

global benchmarks.

NEW LEVERS OF GROWTH

The next phase of SMIORE is as exciting

as it gets. We have so many new projects

to look forward to, some of which have

been announced and some of which we

are still evaluating. However, what we are

absolutely certain about is our direction

towards transforming ourselves into an

integrated and value-added commodity

producer. We are geared to rejig the

structure of the Company, which will

enable us to maximise the value of our

in-house products and cross-leverage the

efficiency of one segment into another.

This definitely sounds like a daunting

task, but I am absolutely sure that with the

support, encouragement and enthusiasm

from my teammates at SMIORE, we will

achieve this milestone and much more.

I am excited to be able to lead this journey

and add to the century-long legacy left

behind by my forefathers before me. I

know we can do this, and I am confident

WE ARE EXTREMELY

COGNIZANT OF THE IMPACT

OUR OPERATIONS HAVE ON

THE ENVIRONMENT, AND HAVE

ALWAYS SOUGHT SUSTAINABLE

ALTERNATIVES IN EVERY

FACET OF OUR BUSINESS -

BE IT RUNNING ONE OF OUR

MINING OPERATIONS ON THE

PRINCIPLES OF SCIENTIFIC

MINING, OR SHIFTING OUR COAL-

BASED ENERGY GENERATION

TO ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY

WASTE-HEAT RECOVERY BASED

GENERATION IN THE VERY

RECENT PAST.

Bahirji A. Ghorpade: Managing

Managing Director

first and then the: Managing Director. He

served the Company as the

Managing Director and CEO of

JSW Energy Limited and Former Group

Executive President and Business Head

of Aditya Birla Group, S. S. Rao has over

46 years of experience in professionally

managed, state owned, joint-venture with

multinational and private sector power

companies. He also holds directorships in

NCC Infrastructure Holdings Limited, NCC

Urban Infrastructure Limited, Pranava

Green Energy Limited, JSW IP Holdings

Private Limited and Barmer Lignite Mining

Company Limited. Since then, he has

led the team to drive optimisation of

performance/ operations, ensure projects’

commissioning, strategise marketing of

products, enhance outreach to all the

stakeholders and plan organisational

growth/ sustainability strategies.

G. P. KUNDARGI

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

G. P. Kundargi graduated in B. Sc.

(Chemistry) from Karnataka University in

1976, and completed his post graduation

in M. Tech (Mineral Processing) in 1979.

He is the former Chairman and Managing

Director of MOIL Limited (formerly

Manganese Ore India Limited), with

expertise in metal mining (both opencast

and underground), mineral processing

and beneficiation. He is also on the Board

of Nava Bharat Ventures Limited.

LATHA PILLAI

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

Latha Pillai is an educational administrator

with more than three decades of

experience in higher education. Her areas

of professional interest include quality

assessment and evaluation, promotion

of women in governance and academic

leadership. Latha Pillai was associated

with NAAC between 1994 and 2019 and

has made significant contributions to

institution building. She is the recipient

of Endeavour Australia Cheung Kong

Research Fellowship by the Australian

Government, Monash University,

Melbourne, Australia; USIA International

Visitors Programme, USA; International

Resident Fellow, University of Calgary,

Canada and Jawaharlal Nehru Birth

Centenary Award for 2012 instituted by

the Indian Science Congress Association.

She has been nominated to various

Committees of UGC, MHRD, FICCI and

CII, to name a few.

JAGADISH RAO KOTE

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

Jagadish Rao Kote, graduated in B. Tech

(Electronics and Communications) from

Mysore University. He is also the recipient

of the Kirloskar Memorial Award for being

an outstanding student. He completed

his post graduation in M. Tech (Industrial

Electronics). He is also a Fellow member

of the Institute of Cost and Management

Accountants of India. He is presently

pursuing his Doctoral studies in Power

systems under VTU. He is a result-

oriented technocrat with over 36 years

of industrial and techno- managerial

experience in the areas of Strategy

Planning, Project Management,

Embedded Systems Design Engineering

and Electronic Designs. He is currently

associated as a professor at a reputed

college of engineering in Bengaluru.

H. L. SHAH

DIRECTOR

H. L. Shah graduated in 1974 from

N. M. College of Commerce & Economics,

Mumbai. Qualified as a Chartered

Accountant in 1980 and is an associate

member of ICAEW. H. L. Shah has a rich

experience of around 40 years with

A. F. Ferguson & Co. / Deloitte India,

of which he has served 30 years as a

Partner. He joined the Firm in September

1981 and retired on 31 March 2019. During

this period, he has gained all-round

experience in managing all aspects of

professional practice. He possesses vast

experience in the Audit and Assurance

function. He has served Indian and

Multinational clients and has exposure to

Euro Issues, Indian Public Offerings, due

diligence, Corporate Governance, etc.

MOHAMMED ABDUL SALEEM

DIRECTOR (MINES)

Mohammed Abdul Saleem holds

Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce (B.

Com) and Bachelor’s Degree in Law

(LLB). He is also a Fellow Member of

the Institute of Company Secretaries of

India. He has been with the Company

since 2005. Being a Company Secretary

and a law graduate, he has had the

opportunity of handling secretarial

functions of listed companies, handling

legal matters, appearing before various

authorities, judicial and quasi-judicial

forums and assisting very senior and

eminent advocates. In addition, he has

acted as a nominee director for SMIORE

on the board of a few companies and

contributed to their revival. He has spent

over 22 years in managerial positions at

the Board level. He has been appointed

as Director (Mines) in the Company w.e.f.

1 April 2020.

BOARD OF

DIRECTORS

Latha Pillai

INDEPENDENT

DIRECTOR

H. L. Shah

DIRECTOR

Jagadish Rao Kote

INDEPENDENT

DIRECTOR

G. P. Kundargi

INDEPENDENT

DIRECTOR

8

7

9

10

Mohammed Abdul

Saleem

DIRECTOR (MINES)

11

S. S. Rao

INDEPENDENT

DIRECTOR

6

32

33

PAGE TITLE

STRATEGIC REVIEW

THE SANDUR MANGANESE & IRON ORES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

32

33

STRATEGIC REVIEW

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

BOARD OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED):

Managing Director

S. S. Rao

Non-Executive Independent Director

G. P. Kundargi

Non-Executive Independent Director

Latha Pillai

Non-Executive Independent Director

Jagadish Rao Kote

Non-Executive Independent Director

H. L. Shah

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

Mohammed Abdul Saleem

Executive Director, Director (Mines)

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER & CHIEF RISK

OFFICER

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

COMPANY SECRETARY & CHIEF COMPLIANCE

OFFICER

Bijan Kumar Dash

STATUTORY AUDITOR

R. Subramanian & Co., LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm Regn. No.: 004137S/S200041

New No. 6, Krishnaswamy Avenue, Luz,

Mylapore, Chennai - 600 004, Tamil Nadu

REGISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER AGENTS

Venture Capital & Corporate Investments Private Limited

12-10-167, Bharat Nagar, Hyderabad - 500 018, Andhra Pradesh

BANKERS

Axis Bank Limited

IndusInd Bank Limited

ICICI Bank Limited

RBL Bank Limited

Yes Bank Limited

REGISTERED OFFICE

‘Satyalaya’, Door No. 266 (Old No. 80), Ward No. 1,

Behind Taluk Office, Sandur – 583 119,

Ballari District, Karnataka

CORPORATE OFFICE

‘Sandur House’, No. 9, Bellary Road

Sadashivanagar, Bengaluru – 560 080, Karnataka

MINES OFFICE

Deogiri, Sandur Taluk – 583 112, Ballari District, Karnataka

PLANT

Vyasankere, Mariyammanhalli Halli, Hosapete Taluk- 583 222,

Vijayanagara District, Karnataka

AUDIT COMMITTEE

G. P. Kundargi, Chairman

T. R. Raghunandan, Member

S. S. Rao, Member

Latha Pillai, Member

Jagadish Rao Kote, Member

H. L. Shah, Member

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Latha Pillai, Chairperson

T. R. Raghunandan, Member

S. S. Rao, Member

G. P. Kundargi, Member

Jagadish Rao Kote, Member

H. L. Shah, Member

STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

Jagadish Rao Kote, Chairman

Bahirji A. Ghorpade, Member

G. P. Kundargi, Member

Latha Pillai, Member

H. L. Shah, Member

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

COMMITTEE

H. L. Shah, Chairman

T. R. Raghunandan, Member

Bahirji A. Ghorpade, Member

S. S. Rao, Member

Jagadish Rao Kote, Member

RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

S. S. Rao, Chairman

T. R. Raghunandan, Member

Bahirji A. Ghorpade, Member

G. P. Kundargi, Member

Latha Pillai, Member

Jagadish Rao Kote, Member

H. L. Shah, Member

Mohammed Abdul Saleem, Member

CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE

T. R. Raghunandan, Chairman

S. S. Rao, Member

G. P. Kundargi, Member

Latha Pillai, Member

Mohammed Abdul Saleem, Member

CORPORATE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

L85110KA1954PLC000759

LISTING

BSE Limited, Mumbai

Company Code: 504918

52

CORPORATE INFORMATION

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22:

Managing Director, Director

(Mines) and Company Secretary, be and is hereby severally

authorized to do all acts and take all such steps as may be

necessary, proper, or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”

SPECIAL BUSINESS:

5. RATIFICATION OF REMUNERATION PAYABLE TO M/S.

KAMALAKARA & CO., COST AUDITOR OF THE COMPANY

FOR FINANCIAL YEAR 2022-23:

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an

ORDINARY RESOLUTION:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148(3) and

other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read

with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (including

any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the time

being in force) and based on the recommendation of the Audit

Committee and approval of the Board of Directors, the Members

of the Company do hereby ratify the remuneration of ₹ 2.25 lakh

(Rupees Two Lakh Twenty Five Thousand only) plus applicable

taxes thereon, apart from reimbursement of out of pocket

expenses in actuals towards travelling, conveyance etc., payable

to M/s. Kamalakara & Co., Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No.

000296) who are re-appointed by the Board of Directors as Cost

Auditors, for conducting the audit of cost records maintained by the

Company for the financial year 2022-23.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the: Managing

Managing Director, Director

(Mines) and Company Secretary of the Company, be and are

hereby severally authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and

things as may be considered necessary, desirable or expedient to

give effect to this resolution.”

7. RE-APPOINTMENT OF MOHAMMED ABDUL SALEEM (DIN:

00061497) AS A WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR DESIGNATED AS

DIRECTOR (MINES) FOR A TENURE OF THREE YEARS FROM

1 OCTOBER 2022:

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a

SPECIAL RESOLUTION:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197,

203 and other applicable provisions, if any, read with Schedule V

of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act), the Companies (Appointment

and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, relevant

provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

(Listing Regulations) (including any statutory amendment(s) or

modification(s) thereto, or enactment(s) thereof, for the time being

in force) and based on the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors, consent

of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for

re-appointment of Mohammed Abdul Saleem (DIN: 00061497)

as Whole Time Director of the Company designated as Director

(Mines), liable to retire by rotation, for a period of 3 (three) years with

effect from 1 October 2022 to 30 September 2025, on the terms

and conditions of re-appointment and remuneration, as contained

in the draft of an agreement expressed to be made between

the Company of one part and Mohammed Abdul Saleem of the

other part, material terms of which are set out in the explanatory

statement annexed with this notice (including the remuneration to

be paid in the event of loss or inadequacy of profits in any financial

year during the tenure of his appointment), with liberty to the Board

(which term shall be deemed to include any Committee constituted/

to be constituted by the Board) from time to time, to alter or vary

the said terms and conditions, in such manner as may be agreed

to between the Board of Directors and Mohammed Abdul Saleem.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of

Regulation 17(6)(e) of the Listing Regulations, consent of the

Members of the Company is hereby accorded for payment

remuneration to Mohammed Abdul Saleem during his tenure as

Whole Time Director, notwithstanding that the annual remuneration

paid during his tenure as Whole Time Director together with annual

remuneration for all such executive directors belonging to promoter

or promoter group in the Company exceeds 5% of the net profits

calculated as per Section 198 of the Act.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and Company

Secretary of the Company be and are hereby authorised to take all

such steps as may be necessary for obtaining necessary approvals

- statutory, contractual or otherwise, in relation to the above and to

settle all matters arising out of and incidental thereto and to sign

and execute deeds, applications, documents and writings that may

be required, on behalf of the Company and generally to do all such

other acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary, proper,

expedient or incidental for giving effect to this resolution.”

8. RE-APPOINTMENT OF BAHIRJI A. GHORPADE (DIN:

08452844) AS: MANAGING DIRECTOR FOR A TENURE OF

THREE YEARS FROM 1 OCTOBER 2022:

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a

SPECIAL RESOLUTION:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197,

203 and other applicable provisions, if any, read with Schedule V

of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act), the Companies (Appointment

and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, relevant

regulations of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing

Regulations) (including any statutory amendment(s) or modification(s)

thereto, or enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) and

based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and the Board of

Letter

etc., with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer

by e-mail to sathya_acs@yahoo.co.in with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

8.

The facility for voting during the AGM will also be made available.

Members present in the AGM through VC/ OAVM and who have

not cast their vote on the resolutions through remote e-voting

and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to

vote through the e-voting system during the AGM.

9.

The Notice is being sent to all the Members whose e-mail

addresses are registered with the Company / Depository

Participants (DPs) unless any Member has requested for a

physical copy of the same. The Company shall send a physical

copy of the Annual Report to those Members who request the

same at investors@sandurgroup.com mentioning their Folio

No. / DP ID and Client ID.

10. In line with MCA Circulars, the Notice of AGM has been uploaded

on the website of the Company at www.sandurgroup.com. The

Notice can also be accessed from the website of BSE Limited,

the Stock Exchange where the Company’s shares are listed at

www.bseindia.com and on the website of NSDL (agency for

providing the remote e-voting facility) at www.evoting.nsdl.com.

11.

As per the provisions of Clause 3.A.II. of the General Circular

No. 20/2020 dated 5 May 2020 issued by MCA, the matters

of Special Business as appearing at Item Nos. 5 to 11 of the

accompanying Notice, are considered to be unavoidable by

the Board and hence, forming part of this Notice.

12. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and

their shareholding, maintained under Section 170 of the Act

and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the

Directors are interested, maintained under Section 189 of

the Act, will be available electronically for inspection by the

Members during the AGM. All documents referred to in the

Notice will be available for electronic inspection without any

fee by the Members from the date of circulation of this Notice

up to the date of AGM, i.e., 28 September 2022. Members

seeking to inspect such documents can send an email to

investors@sandurgroup.com.

13. Book Closure and Dividend:

(a) The Register of Members and the Share Transfer Books

of the Company will remain closed from Thursday, 22

September 2022 to Wednesday, 28 September 2022

(both days inclusive) for the purpose of this AGM and for:

Letter

etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer

by e-mail to sathya_acs@yahoo.co.in with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be

disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go through the

“Forgot User Details/ Password?” or “Physical User Reset

Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to

reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (FAQs) for shareholders and e-voting user manual

for shareholders available at the download section of www.

evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and

1800 22 44 30 or send a request to Vice President, NSDL at

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

PROCESS FOR THOSE MEMBERS WHOSE

EMAIL ADDRESS ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH

THE RTA/ DEPOSITORIES FOR PROCURING

USER ID AND PASSWORD AND REGISTRATION

OF EMAIL ADDRESS FOR E-VOTING FOR THE

RESOLUTIONS SET OUT IN THIS NOTICE:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode, please submit duly

filled and signed ISR-1 form, along with details such as folio,

name of shareholder, email address self-attested scanned

copy of PAN card, self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card

by email to RTA at investors.relations@vccipl.com and info@

vccipl.com. Shareholders can download the updation form

through the link https://www.vccipl.com/sebipdf/Form%20ISR-

1.pdf.

2.

In case shares are held in electronic mode, please provide

DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID),:

letter of appointment of Hemendra Laxmidas Shah

setting out the terms and conditions of appointment shall be

available for inspection by the Members electronically. Members

seeking to inspect the same can send an email to investors@

sandurgroup.com

The information pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Listing

Regulations and the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings

(SS-2), is given at 'Annexure B' to this Notice.

Accordingly, the Board recommends the resolution as set out in

the Item no. 6 for approval of the Members as a Special Resolution.

Except Hemendra Laxmidas Shah, being the appointee, or his

relatives, none of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

of the Company or their relatives are concerned or interested

financially or otherwise, in the said resolution.:

MANAGING DIRECTOR FOR A TENURE OF

THREE YEARS FROM 1 OCTOBER 2022:

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 17 June

2020, had appointed Bahirji A. Ghorpade (DIN: 08452844) as: Managing

Managing Director of

the Company for a period of 3 (three) years from 1 October 2022

to 30 September 2025, not liable to retire by rotation. It would

be in the interest of the Company to continue the employment

of Bahirji A. Ghorpade as: Managing

Managing Director since 17

June 2020 and leading the organisation

from front and pioneered in consolidation

of existing business and providing an

impetus for future growth.

I. GENERAL INFORMATION:

II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE APPOINTEES::

Managing Director

and dividends, as and when declared,

in the capacity of a shareholder. He is

not related to any other Key Managerial

Personnel or Director in the Company.

(1)

Reasons of loss or inadequate profits

The Company has been earning adequate profit and has been paying the

managerial remuneration as per the provisions of Section 197 of the Act. Although,

the Company is confident of sustaining its profits, as a matter of abundant caution,

to meet the exigencies of inadequate profits in future, if any, provision is being

made for payment of minimum remuneration in accordance with the provisions of

sub-section (3) of Section 197 of the Act read with Section II of Part II of Schedule V

to the Act to the: Managing

Managing Director

Date of Birth

25 November 1953

28 April 1974

22 May 1995

Age

68

48

27

Date of first appointment on

Board

27 May 2019

1 April 2020

1 April 2020

Qualifications and Expertise in

specific functional areas

As detailed out in Item no. 6 of

explanatory statement of the

Notice

As detailed out in Item no. 7 of

explanatory statement of the

Notice

As detailed out in Item no. 8 of

explanatory statement of the

Notice

Directorships held in other

companies (excluding

foreign, private and Section 8

companies)

Nil

Nil

Nil

Membership/ Chairmanships

of committees of other

companies (includes only

Audit Committee and

Stakeholders Relationship

Committee)

Nil

Nil

Nil

Name of listed entities from

which the person has resigned

in the past three years

Nil

Nil

Nil

Inter-se relationship with

other Directors and Key

Managerial Personnel

None

None

None

Remuneration sought to be

paid

No remuneration other than

sitting fee and profit related

commission

As detailed out in Item no. 7 of

explanatory statement of the

Notice

As detailed out in Item no. 8 of

explanatory statement of the

Notice

Remuneration last drawn

Sitting fees of ₹ 8.20 lakh and

profit related commission of

₹ 25.00 lakh

₹

122.17

lakh

(including

commission of ₹ 25.00 lakh)

₹

208.25

lakh

(including

commission of ₹ 25.00 lakh)

Shareholding in the Company

including shareholding as a

beneficial owner

Nil

2,727

2,78,485

Number of meetings of the

Board attended during the

year

7 out of 7 meetings held

7 out of 7 meetings held

7 out of 7 meetings held

Terms and conditions of

appointment/ re-appointment

As detailed out in Item no. 6 of

explanatory statement of the

Notice

As detailed out in Item no. 7 of

explanatory statement of the

Notice

As detailed out in Item no. 8 of

explanatory statement of the

Notice:

Managing Director along with Dodda Obanna, the

senior most mine worker (Headman) from the Mines. The National

Safety Award presented to the Company for the year 2017 is as a

“Winner” in the category of “Lowest Injury Frequency Rate”.

The Company is the only major minerals mining company in

Karnataka to receive National Safety Award this year. The Company

had received the National Safety Awards (Mines) six times on

earlier occasions.

CHANGE IN THE CAPITAL STRUCTURE

As on 31 March 2022, the authorised share capital of the Company

was ₹ 11,500 lakh comprising of 11,40,00,000 Equity Shares of ₹ 10

each and 1,00,000 Preference Shares of ₹ 100 each. The paid-up

capital of the Company was ₹ 900.19 lakh comprising of 90,01,941

Equity Shares of ₹ 10 each. During the year under review, there was

no change in the capital structure of the Company.

The Company has neither issued equity shares with differential

rights as to dividend, voting or otherwise nor shares (including

sweat equity shares) to employees of the Company under any

scheme. Further, the Company has not issued debentures, bonds,

convertible or non-convertible securities or warrants and has not

held any shares in trust for the benefit of employees where the

voting rights are not exercised directly by the employees. The

Company has not bought back any of its securities during the year.

CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF THE BUSINESS

During the year under review, there was no change in nature of

business.

DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY

As per Regulation 43A of the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations), top 1000 listed companies

based on market capitalization are required to formulate a dividend

distribution policy. Accordingly, the Company has adopted the

Dividend Distribution Policy which sets out the parameters and

circumstances which are to be considered by the Board in

determining the distribution of dividend to its Members and / or

retaining profits earned by the Company. The Company’s Dividend

Distribution Policy is available on the Company’s website at https://

www.sandurgroup.com/Policies.html and annexed to this Report as

‘Annexure A’.

DIVIDEND

The Directors have recommended a final dividend of ₹ 5 per

equity share of ₹ 10 each (50%) for the year ended 31 March 2022.

The said dividend is subject to the approval of Members at the

ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company. According to the

Finance Act, 2020, dividend income will be taxable in the hands

of the Members w.e.f., 1 April 2020, and the Company is required

to deduct tax at source from the dividend paid to the Members at

prescribed rates as per the Income Tax Act, 1961.

The record date is fixed as Wednesday, 21 September 2022 and

Register of Members and Share Transfer Books of the Company will

remain closed from Thursday, 22 September 2022 to Wednesday,

28 September 2022 (both days inclusive) to determine the eligible

Members to receive the final dividend for the year ended 31 March

2022.

TRANSFER TO RESERVES

As permitted under the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act), the Board

does not propose to transfer any amount to general reserve and

has decided to retain the entire amount of profit for the financial

year 2021-22 in the statement of profit and loss.

TRANSFER

OF

AMOUNT

TO

INVESTOR

EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND

As per Section 124(5) of the Act read with rules made thereunder,

dividends remaining unpaid/unclaimed for a period of seven

years from the date of transfer to the unpaid dividend account are

required to be transferred to Investor Education and Protection

Fund (IEPF). Further, the shares in respect of which dividend has

not been paid or claimed for seven consecutive years shall be

transferred by the Company in the name of IEPF.

In pursuance of the above, the dividend remaining unclaimed or

unpaid in respect of dividends declared for financial year 2013-14

amounting to ₹ 1,31,307 had been transferred to the IEPF during

the financial year 2021-22. Consequently, 6,051 shares belonging

to 29 Members in respect of which dividends remained unpaid/

unclaimed for seven consecutive years were also transferred to

IEPF.:

Managing Director, one Whole Time Director, four

Independent Directors (including one Woman Director) and two

Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors. The Chairman of the

Board is a Non-Executive Director.

INDUCTION

During the year, Uttam Kumar Bhageria, a qualified Chartered

Accountant has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer

of the Company w.e.f., 15 September 2021 by the Board on

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(NRC), in place of Sachin Dattatray Sanu, who ceased to be the

Chief Financial Officer due to his resignation.

RE-APPOINTMENT(S)

During the year, G. P. Kundargi (DIN: 02256516) was re-appointed

as an Independent Director by the Members of the Company at

its 67th Annual General Meeting held on 22 September 2022,

for a second term of five consecutive years commencing from

12 November 2021 to 11 November 2026. The Board opined that he is

a person of integrity and possess relevant expertise and experience

(including proficiency) and he satisfies the independence criteria as

laid down under the Act and the Listing Regulations.

During the period from 1 April 2022 till the date of this report,

the following re-appointments were made:

•

The Board at its meeting held on 18 May 2022 had re-appointed

Jagadish Rao Kote (DIN: 00521065) as an Independent Director

for a second term of five consecutive years with effect from

27 May 2022 to 26 May 2027, subject to Members approval.

The NRC had reviewed domain skills, professional experience

and industry exposure of Jagadish Rao Kote, Independent

Director and noted that he fulfills the skills/ expertise/

competencies required in context of the Company’s business.

Thereafter, the NRC considering the excellent rating assigned

to Jagadish Rao Kote during performance evaluation for the

year 2021-22, recommended his re-appointment for a further

period of five consecutive years to the Board as it will be

advantageous and beneficial for the Company. Further, the

Company has received a notice in writing from a Member

proposing his candidature for the office of Director pursuant to

Section 160 of the Act. The Board opined that he is a person

of integrity and possess relevant expertise and experience

(including proficiency) and he satisfies the independence

criteria as laid down under the Act and the Listing Regulations.

The Members approved his re-appointment, through Postal

Ballot, on 17 July 2022.

•

In terms of the provisions of Section 152(6) of the Act,

Mohammed Abdul Saleem (DIN: 00061497), the Director of the

Company is liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual

General Meeting and being eligible, offered himself for re-

appointment.

•

The Board at its meeting held on 11 August 2022, accorded

its approval for the appointment of Hemendra Laxmidas

Shah (DIN: 00996888), as an Independent Director of the

Company for a term of five consecutive years with effect

from 1 October 2022 to 30 September 2027, subject

to Members approval at the ensuing Annual General

Meeting. The NRC had reviewed domain skills, professional

experience and industry exposure of Hemendra Laxmidas

Shah, Independent Director and noted that he fulfils the

skills/ expertise/ competencies required in context of the

Company’s business. Thereafter, the NRC considering the

excellent rating assigned to Hemendra Laxmidas Shah during

performance evaluation for the year 2021-22, recommended

his appointment for a further period of five consecutive years

to the Board as it will be advantageous and beneficial for

the Company. Further, the Company has received a notice

in writing from a Member proposing his candidature for the

office of Director pursuant to Section 160 of the Act. The

Board opined that he is a person of integrity and possess

relevant expertise and experience (including proficiency) and

he satisfies the independence criteria as laid down under the

Act and the Listing Regulations.:

Managing Director of the Company for a further term of three

years with effect from 1 October 2022 to 30 September 2025,

subject to Members approval in the ensuing Annual General

Meeting. The Company has received a notice in writing from

a Member proposing his candidature for the office of Director

pursuant to Section 160 of the Act.

As on 31 March 2022, the following were the Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company as per Section 2(51) and 203 of

the Act:

•

Bahirji A. Ghorpade,: Managing Director

•

Mohammed Abdul Saleem, Whole Time Director designated

as Director (Mines)

•

Uttam Kumar Bhageria, Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk

Officer

•

Bijan Kumar Dash, Company Secretary & Chief Compliance

Officer.

BOARD MEETINGS

The Board meets at regular intervals to discuss and decide on

Company’s business policies and strategies apart from other regular

and important business items. However, in case a special and

urgent business needs the approval of the Board, such approval

is taken by passing resolution through circulation, as permitted by

law, which are taken on record in the subsequent Board meeting.

During the financial year 2021-22, the Board met seven times i.e.,

28 June 2021, 5 July 2021, 12 August 2021, 8 September 2021,

9 November 2021, 10 November 2021 and 9 February 2022. The

details and particulars of Board meetings are given in the Corporate

Governance Report forming part of this Report.

POLICY ON DIRECTORS’ APPOINTMENT AND

REMUNERATION

The Company has adopted Policy on Nomination and

Remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs) and

other employees which inter-alia includes criteria for determining

qualification, positive attributes, independence of a director and

other matters provided under sub-section (3) of Section 178 of the

Act and relevant provisions of Listing Regulations. The Members

may refer Corporate Governance Report for details regarding this

policy. The policy is also available on the Company’s website at

https://www.sandurgroup.com/Policies.html.

DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

All the Independent Directors of the Company meet the criteria

of independence as provided under Section 149(6) of the Act

and Regulation 16(1)(b) of Listing Regulations. Declarations to this

effect have been received from them as prescribed under Section

149(7) of the Act. Further, in terms of Regulation 25(8) of the Listing

Regulations, they have confirmed that they are not aware of any

circumstance or situation which exists or may reasonably be

anticipated that could impair or impact their ability to discharge

their duties. During the financial year 2021-22, there has been no

change in the circumstances affecting their status as Independent

Directors of the Company.

The Independent Directors have also complied with the Code for

Independent Directors prescribed in Schedule IV to the Act and

Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management formulated

by the Company under Regulation 17(5) of Listing Regulations.

BOARD EVALUATION

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board have

laid down the manner in which formal annual evaluation of the

performance of the Board, committees, individual Directors and the

Managing Director/ Whole Time Director has not received any

remuneration from holding company or subsidiary company.:

Managing Director

DIN: 08452844

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 11 August 2022

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk Officer:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

(1)

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion

on these secretarial records based on my audit.

(2) I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that true facts are reflected in secretarial records.

I believe that the processes and practices I followed provide a reasonable basis to strengthen my opinion.

(3) I have not verified the accuracy, correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

(4) Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

(5) The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

Management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

(6) The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Name and Signature: N.D Satish

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 11 August 2022

Designation: Practicing CompanySecretary

FCS No. 10003; CP No. 12400:

Managing Director

2

2

4

Jagadish Rao Kote

Member

Independent

Director

2

1

5

S S Rao

Member

Independent

Director

2

2

3. WEB-LINK WHERE COMPOSITION OF CSR COMMITTEE,

CSR POLICY AND CSR PROJECTS APPROVED BY THE BOARD

ARE DISCLOSED ON THE WEBSITE OF THE COMPANY:

»

The composition of the CSR committee is available on the

Company’s website, at https://www.sandurgroup.com/Board-

of-Directors-and-its-Committees.html

»

The Committee, with the approval of the Board, has adopted

the CSR Policy as required under Section 135 of the Companies

Act, 2013. The CSR Policy of the Company is available on the

Company’s website, at https://www.sandurgroup.com/Policies.html

»

The Board, based on the recommendation of the CSR

committee has approved the annual action plan / projects

for the financial year, the details of which are available on the

Company’s website, at https://www.sandurgroup.com

4. DETAILS OF IMPACT ASSESSMENT OF CSR PROJECTS

CARRIED OUT IN PURSUANCE OF SUB-RULE (3) OF RULE 8

OF THE COMPANIES (CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

POLICY) RULES, 2014, IF APPLICABLE (ATTACH THE

REPORT): Not Applicable:

Managing Director

H L Shah

Chairman of CSR Committee:

Managing Director.

3. All the Policies are available on the website except HR Policies and Tryst with SMIORE – An informal Will of M. Y. Ghorpade, Environmental

Clearances for Mines and Plant, SEMP for Mines

4. Evaluation of the Policies is undertaken periodically by the internal auditors, secretarial auditors and/or statutory auditors.:

Managing Director and

Director (Mines) at regular intervals in the meetings conducted

at Mines and the Plant. However, to make the monitoring of

performance holistic and robust, Board of Directors in its meeting

dated 10 February 2021 constituted Corporate Sustainability

Committee (CSC). The Company conducted meeting of CSC on

9 November 2021 to discuss several matters relating to business

responsibility and sustainability. Also, at the meeting of Corporate

Social Responsibility Committee (CSRC) the members discuss

principles 4 and 8 of BR principles.

Business Responsibility Report can be viewed as part of Annual

Report and is available online at https://www.sandurgroup.com/

Annual-Report.html

SECTION E: PRINCIPLE-WISE DETAILS:

PRINCIPLE 1: BUSINESSES SHOULD CONDUCT AND

GOVERN THEMSELVES WITH ETHICS, TRANSPARENCY AND

ACCOUNTABILITY

The robust system of Corporate Governance practices of the

Company reflects the value system encompassing its ethos,

culture, principles, policies, openness and relationship with internal

and external stakeholders. The Company believes in conducting its

affairs in a fair and transparent manner by adopting highest standards

of professionalism, honesty, integrity, and ethics in dealing with all

the stakeholders that include employees, customers, suppliers,

Government and the community. Towards this, the Company has

adopted various codes and policies so as to conduct the affairs of

the Company in a fair and transparent manner.

Sl. No. Codes formulated by the Company

SEBI Regulation under which codes are formulated

1

Code of Conduct for Board Members and Senior Management

Regulation 17(5) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015

2.

Code of Conduct to Regulate, Monitor and Report Trading by

Designated Persons and their Immediate Relatives

Regulation 9(1) read with Schedule B of SEBI (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015

3

Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of

Unpublished Price Sensitive Information

Regulation 8(1) of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015

With growth of the organization and inclusion of new people from

different background, culture and attributes with the existing work

force, the Company contemplated to have a comprehensive code

of conduct and ethics policy for employees. Besides bringing

harmony and maintaining unity amongst diversity the benefit of

Code of conduct and ethics policy can be multifold including to

inculcate good principles, values and discipline. The management

felt that a well implemented Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy

enables organization to establish an organizational culture of

maintaining highest standards of ethics and integrity at all levels

and to prevent and detect unlawful and unethical conduct and

activities. The Board in its meeting dated 28 June 2021 approved

the Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy for the employees.

The Company’s Code of Conduct stands on six pillars namely

straightforwardness, morality, integrity, obligations, responsibility

and equality (SMIORE) which are six core values imbibed in the

organization’s culture, building a strong foundation on which the

organization stands. Each: letter of SMIORE signifies one pillar

correlating to a core value, conveying a healthy relationship with

the Company's belief system of GATE (Governance, Accountability,

Transparency and Equality). In order to make the employees of the

organization to understand the basic tenet of code of conduct and

ethics and implement it in day to day operations several training

programmes were undertaken by the Secretarial team lead by

Company Secretary at Deogiri mines location, plant location at

Vyasankere, corporate office and registered office.

In addition to the Code of Conduct policy, the Company also has

developed whistle blower policy and POSH policy to strengthen

Company’s ethics practices.

The clause in the Code of Conduct policy relating to ethics, bribery

and corruption covers the Company and extends to a large number

of contractors/service providers. The Company during onboarding

of vendors and customers ensure mandatory assurance by the

new entrants to abide the Code of Conduct policy of the Company.

The Corporate governance clause has been an integral part of

letter of SMIORE signifies one

pillar correlating to a core value, conveying a healthy relationship with the Company’s belief system of GATE (Governance, Accountability,

Transparency and Equality).

The Company believes that Corporate Governance is not only a principle that the organization follows but it’s a way of life that is embedded

in its behavior and culture. The robust system of Corporate Governance practices of the Company reflects the value system encompassing

its ethos, culture, principles, policies, openness and relationship with internal and external stakeholders. Towards this, the Company has

adopted various codes and policies so as to conduct the affairs of the Company in a fair and transparent manner.

The report on Corporate Governance is pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the Listing Regulations). The Company has complied with the applicable requirements of the Listing

Regulations and amendments thereto.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors act as a governing body for the Company’s operations so as to protect the rights of all the stakeholders of

the Company. With their vast diversity of knowledge and expertise, they provide leadership and guidance to the management, thereby

enhancing stakeholders value.

COMPOSITION AND CATEGORY OF DIRECTORS:

The Company believes in a diversified Board with a mixed blend of experiences, expertise, and professionals. The Board of the Company is duly

constituted with optimum combination of Executive and Non-Executive, Independent and Non-Independent Directors. As on 31 March 2022, the

Board comprised of eight members consisting of four Independent Directors, two Non-Executive Directors and two Executive Directors.

25%

25%

50% including a

woman director

The Chairman of the Board is a Non-Executive Director. The Board composition is

in conformity with the requirements of applicable provisions of law. All the Directors

are adequately qualified, professional and have vast experience in diverse arenas.

The maximum tenure of the Independent Directors is as per the Companies Act,

2013 (the Act) and Listing Regulations. The detailed profile of our Directors is

available on our website at https://www.sandurgroup.com/about-us.html.

Non-Executive Directors

Independent Directors

Executive Directors

BOARD MEETINGS:

The Board meets at least once in a quarter to review the results

apart from transacting other items of business requiring the Board’s

attention. Additional meetings are held as and when necessary. The

Company Secretary, in consultation with the: Managing

Managing Director

7

7

Y

S. S. Rao

Non-Executive Independent Director

7

7

Y

G. P. Kundargi

Non-Executive Independent Director

7

7

Y

Latha Pillai

Non-Executive Independent Director

7

7

Y

Jagadish Rao Kote

Non-Executive Independent Director

7

6

Y

H. L. Shah

Non-Executive Director

7

7

N*

Mohammed Abdul Saleem

Executive Director / Director (Mines)

7

7

Y

* H. L. Shah, Non-Executive Director could not attend the meeting due to technical glitches.

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS AND THEIR MEETING:

Independent Directors are Non-Executive Directors as defined

under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and Section

149(6) of the Act along with rules framed thereunder. The Board

includes four Independent Directors, including a woman director.

In accordance with Section 149 read with Schedule IV of the Act

and Regulation 25(3) of the Listing Regulations, the Independent

Directors of the Company met on 9 February 2022 without the

presence of Non-Independent Directors of the Company and

members of the management. All the Independent Directors were

present at the meeting. The meeting of Independent Directors was

chaired by S. S. Rao, Independent Director.

At the aforesaid meeting, the Independent Directors:

a)

reviewed the performance of Non-Independent Directors and

the Board of Directors as a whole;

b)

reviewed the performance of the Chairman of the Company,

considering the views of Executive Directors and Non-

Executive Directors;

c)

assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of

information between the Management and the Board of

Directors that is necessary for the Board of Directors to

effectively and reasonably perform their duties.

The Independent Directors appreciated the effort of management

to bring overall improvement across organizations including the

corporate governance standards.

CONFIRMATION BY THE BOARD THAT THE INDEPENDENT

DIRECTORS FULFILL THE CONDITIONS SPECIFIED IN

LISTING REGULATIONS, AND ARE INDEPENDENT OF THE

MANAGEMENT:

The Company has received declarations on criteria of independence

as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of

the Listing Regulations from all the Independent Directors of the

Company as on 31 March 2022. In the opinion of the Board, the

Independent Directors fulfill the conditions specified in the Listing

Regulations and are independent of the management.

Further, in terms of Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations, they

have confirmed that they are not aware of any circumstance or

situation which exists or may reasonably be anticipated that could

impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties.

The Independent Directors have in terms of Section 150 of

the Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and

Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, confirmed that they have

enrolled themselves in the Independent Directors’ Databank

maintained with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs and that

their registration is active.

DETAILS

OF

OTHER

DIRECTORSHIPS,

COMMITTEE

MEMBERSHIPS AND CHAIRMANSHIPS:

None of the Directors hold directorship, committee memberships

or chairmanships in excess of the limits permitted under the law. As

per the declarations received from the Directors:

a)

None of the Directors on the Board is a Director in more than

7 listed entities;

b)

None of the Non-Executive Directors is an Independent

Director in more than 7 listed entities;

c)

The: Managing Director and the Executive Director do not

serve as Independent Directors in any other listed company;

d)

None of the Directors held directorships in more than 20

Indian companies, with more than 10 public limited companies;

e)

None of the Directors on the Board is a member of more than

10 committees or

letter of

appointment issued to Independent Director outlines his/ her role,

function, duties and responsibilities and the same is placed on the

Company’s website at https://www.sandurgroup.com/doc/Policies/

Terms%20and%20Conditions%20for%20Appointment%20of%20

Independent%20Director.pdf.

The Company strives to provide updates to its Directors by making

periodic presentations at the Board and the Committee meetings

on various topics like Regulatory Updates, Company’s operations,

sustainability, performance updates, industry scenario, business

strategy, risk management etc.

The details of familiarization programmes imparted to the

Independent Directors are put up on the website of the Company

and can be accessed at https://www.sandurgroup.com/doc/Policies/

Familiarisation%20programme%20for%20independent%20

directors.pdf.

MATRIX

SETTING

OUT

THE

SKILLS/EXPERTISE/

COMPETENCE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

As required under the Listing Regulations, the Board had identified

skills/ expertise/ competence in the context of its business and

sector for it to function effectively. The skills are categorized

as domain skills and experience as professional and industry

exposure. The matrix setting out the skills/ expertise/ competence

of the Board of Directors along with name of Directors who

possess such skills/ expertise/ competence as on 31 March 2022 is

appended as ‘Annexure A’ to the Report.

DETAILED REASONS FOR THE RESIGNATION OF AN

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR WHO RESIGNS BEFORE THE

EXPIRY OF HIS TENURE ALONG WITH A CONFIRMATION BY

SUCH DIRECTOR THAT THERE ARE NO OTHER MATERIAL

REASONS OTHER THAN THOSE PROVIDED:

None of the Independent Directors resigned from the Company

during the year under review.

BOARD COMMITTEES

As required under the Act and the Listing Regulations, the Company

has constituted the following statutory committees:

1.

Audit Committee

2.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

3.

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

4.

Risk Management Committee

5.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.:

Managing Director, Director (Mines), Chief Financial Officer,

and the respective departmental heads, wherever required. The Statutory Auditors and Internal Auditors also attend the

Audit Committee meetings by invitation for specific items.

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE:

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is duly constituted in accordance with the provisions of Section 178 of the Act and Regulation

19 of the Listing Regulations. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee inter-alia consider and recommend to the Board appointment,

re-appointment and remuneration payable to Directors, KMP’s and Senior Management Personnel.

Terms of

Reference

The terms of reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is in line with the regulatory requirements

mandated by the Act and Part D Para A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations which shall inter-alia include:

1.

formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director and

recommend to the Board of directors a policy relating to, the remuneration of the directors, key managerial personnel

and other employees;

2.

for appointment of independent director, evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board

and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description of the role and capabilities required of an independent

director;

3.

ensure that the person recommended to the Board for appointment as an independent director shall have the

capabilities identified in such description. For the purpose of identifying suitable candidates, the Committee may:

a. use the services of an external agencies, if required;

b. consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and

c.

consider the time commitments of the candidates;

4.

formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of independent directors and the Board of Directors;

5.

devising a policy on diversity of Board of Directors;

6.

identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior management in

accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board of Directors their appointment and removal;:

Managing Director

50.16

119.55

13.54

25.00

As per the: letter

of appointment

Mohammed Abdul Saleem

Managing Director

4

4

G. P. Kundargi

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

4

4

Latha Pillai

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

4

4

H. L. Shah

Member

Non-Executive Director

4

4

The Chairman of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee is an Independent Director.

Meetings

The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee met four times during the financial year, on 24 June 2021, 12 August 2021,

9 November 2021 and 9 February 2022. The interval between any two successive meetings did not exceed the stipulated

time line. The meetings are scheduled well in advance.

Others

Jagadish Rao Kote, Chairman of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee was present at the last Annual General

Meeting of the Company held on 22 September 2021 to answer shareholder queries.

Name and designation of Compliance Officer: Bijan Kumar Dash, Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer

Number of shareholder complaints received, resolved to the satisfaction of the shareholder and number of pending complaints

Complaints outstanding as on 1 April 2021

Nil

Complaints received during the financial year

Nil

Complaints resolved during the financial year

Nil

Complaints pending as on 31 March 2022

Nil:

Managing Director

3

3

G. P. Kundargi

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

3

3

Latha Pillai

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

3

3

Jagadish Rao Kote

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

3

3

H. L. Shah

Member

Non-Executive Director

3

3

Mohammed Abdul

Saleem

Member

Executive Director /

Director (Mines)

3

3

The Chairman of the Risk Management Committee is an Independent Director.

Meetings

The Risk Management Committee met three times during the financial year, on 24 June 2021, 12 August 2021 and

9 February 2022. The interval between any two successive meetings did not exceed the stipulated time line. The

meetings are scheduled well in advance.

RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE:

The Risk Management Committee is duly constituted in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations. The Risk

Management Committee proactively identify, assess and mitigate risks in order to protect its business, improve corporate governance and

enhance stakeholders’ value.

The Board at its 348th meeting held on 28 June 2021 has approved Risk Management Policy. A statement on development and

implementation of Risk Management Policy of the Company has been delineated in the Board’s Report. In terms of Regulation 21 of the

Listing Regulations, the Risk Management Committee in its meeting held on 9 February 2022, has appointed Uttam Kumar Bhageria as

Chief Risk Officer in addition to his role as Chief Financial Officer.:

Managing Director

2

2

S. S. Rao

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

2

2

Jagadish Rao Kote

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

2

1

The Chairman of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee is a Non-Executive Director.

Meetings

The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee met two times during the financial year, on 24 June 2021 and

9 November 2021. The meetings are scheduled well in advance.

CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE:

The Corporate Sustainability Committee is constituted by the Board to monitor compliance of the conditions prescribed in the Environment

Clearance, Forest Clearance, Consent Fee for Establishment/ Consent Fee for Operation and so on for the Mines and the Plant of the

Company. The Committee further monitor compliance with the Supplementary Environment Management Plan (generally referred as R&R)

prescribed for the Mines in accordance with the directions of the Hon’ble Supreme Court.

Terms of

Reference

The terms of reference of the Corporate Sustainability Committee inter-alia include:

1.

Laying down guidelines for Environment Management Plan for each of the businesses of the Company;

2.

Review compliance and status of various conditions laid down by different statutory authorities while according

approvals such as Environmental Clearance, Forest Clearance, Consent For Establishment, Consent For Operation,

etc.;

3.

Review Sustainable Development Framework (SDF) requirements stipulated by the Indian Bureau of Mines and

considered for Star Rating of the Mines;

4.

Annually assess the Business Responsibility performance of the Company;

5.

Any other function as is mandated by the Board from time to time.

Composition

and

attendance

at the

meetings

held during

the year

The names of the Directors who constitute the Corporate Sustainability Committee and their attendance at the

meetings held during the year are given below:

Name

Designation

Category

No. of meetings held

during the tenure

No. of meetings

attended

T. R. Raghunandan

Chairman

Non-Executive Director

1

1

S. S. Rao

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

1

1

G. P. Kundargi

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

1

1:

Managing Director (DIN 08452844) for a

tenure of three years from 17 June 2020

65th AGM

Golden Jubilee Hall Sandur Residential

School, Palace Road, Shivapur, Sandur

- 583 119

21 September 2019 at 11.00 A.M

Nil

EXTRA ORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGS:

No Extraordinary General Meeting of the members was held during the year under review.

SPECIAL RESOLUTION PASSED LAST YEAR THROUGH POSTAL BALLOT AND DETAILS OF VOTING PATTERN:

During the last year, the Company has not passed any resolutions through postal ballot.

PERSON WHO CONDUCTED THE POSTAL BALLOT EXERCISE:

Not Applicable

WHETHER ANY SPECIAL RESOLUTION IS PROPOSED TO BE CONDUCTED THROUGH POSTAL BALLOT:

The approval of the Members of the Company by way of special resolution for re-appointment of Jagadish Rao Kote (DIN: 00521065) as

an Independent Director of the Company for a second term of five consecutive years w.e.f., 27 May 2022, was sought through postal ballot

notice dated 11 June 2022. The same was approved by the Members on 17 July 2022.

PROCEDURE FOR POSTAL BALLOT:

The postal ballot is conducted in accordance with the provisions contained in Section 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act

read with Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and General Circulars issued by MCA Circulars and SEBI

Circulars on account of COVID-19 pandemic. The Members are provided the facility to vote through e-voting. The postal ballot notice is

sent to Members as per the permitted mode wherever applicable. The Company also publishes a notice in the newspapers in accordance

with the requirements under the Act.

Voting rights are reckoned on the paid-up value of the shares registered in the names of the Members as on the cut-off date. Members

desiring to exercise their vote by e-voting option are requested to vote before the close of business hours on the last date of e-voting.

The scrutinizer completes his scrutiny and submits his report to the Chairman, and the voting results are announced by the Chairman /

authorized person. The results are also displayed on the Company’s website, https://www.sandurgroup.com/Annual-General-Meetings-

and-Postal-Ballots.html besides being communicated to the stock exchange. The last date for the receipt of e-voting is reckoned to be the

date on which the resolution would be deemed to have been passed, if approved.:

Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer.

•

Internal auditors of the Company make quarterly presentations to the Audit Committee on their reports.

DETAILS OF UTILIZATION OF FUNDS RAISED THROUGH PREFERENTIAL ALLOTMENT OR QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONS

PLACEMENT AS SPECIFIED UNDER REGULATION 32 (7A):

The Company has not raised any funds through preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement.

INSTANCES WHERE THE BOARD HAS NOT ACCEPTED ANY RECOMMENDATION OF ANY COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD WHICH

IS MANDATORILY REQUIRED, IN THE RELEVANT FINANCIAL YEAR:

All the recommendations of the Audit Committee have been accepted by the Board of Directors.

TOTAL FEES FOR ALL SERVICES PAID BY THE LISTED ENTITY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, ON A CONSOLIDATED BASIS, TO THE

STATUTORY AUDITOR AND ALL ENTITIES IN THE NETWORK FIRM/NETWORK ENTITY OF WHICH THE STATUTORY AUDITOR

IS A PART:

M/s. R. Subramanian and Company LLP, Chartered Accountants, Chennai (Firm Registration No. 004137S/S200041) have been appointed as

the Statutory Auditors of the Company from the conclusion of 63rd AGM till the conclusion of 68th AGM of the Company.

The particulars of payment of Statutory Auditors’ fees for the financial year ended 31 March 2022, on consolidated basis is given below:

Fee for

Amount (in ₹ )

Audit of Financial Statements

32.00

Limited Review of Quarterly Financials

18.00

Corporate Governance Audit

5.20

Tax Audit

7.00

Total

62.20:

Managing Director (MD)/Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) have certified to the Board in accordance

with Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations for the financial year 2021-22. The CEO/CFO certification is appended as ‘Annexure C’ to

the Report.

AFFIRMATION OF COMPLIANCE WITH CODE OF CONDUCT:

In compliance with Regulation 17(5) of the Listing Regulations, the Company has framed and adopted the Code of Conduct for Board

Members and Senior Management Personnel (Code of Conduct). The Code of Conduct is available on the Company’s website at https://

www.sandurgroup.com/doc/Policies/Code-of-Conduct.pdf.

All members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct. A certificate

to this effect, signed by the: Managing Director is appended as ‘Annexure D’ to the Report.

CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

A compliance certificate from R. Subramanian & Co., LLP, Statutory Auditors, pursuant to Schedule V of the Listing Regulations regarding

the compliance of conditions of corporate governance, is annexed with Board’s Report.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 11 August 2022

T. R. Raghunandan

Managing Director

08452844

01/04/2020

3.

Seshagiri Rao Sattiraju

Non-Executive

Independent Director

00150816

01/09/2013

4.

Gururaj Pandurang Kundargi

Non-Executive

Independent Director

02256516

12/11/2016

5.

Latha Pillai

Non-Executive

Independent Director

08378473

08/03/2019

6.

Jagadish Rao Kote

Non-Executive

Independent Director

00521065

27/05/2019

7.

Hemendra Laxmidas Shah

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

00996888

27/05/2019

8.

Mohammed Abdul Saleem

Executive Director

00061497

01/04/2020

Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the

Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the

future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 11 August 2022

Name: N.D. Satish

Designation: Practising Company Secretary

Membership No.: FCS No. 10003

CP No.:12400

Peer Review Certificate No. 1737/2022:

Managing Director and Uttam Kumar Bhageria, Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk Officer, certify that:

a)

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year ended 31 March 2022 that to the best of our knowledge

and belief:

i)

These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be

misleading; and

ii) These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting

standards, applicable laws and regulations.

b)

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year, which are fraudulent,

illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

c)

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated the

effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting, deficiencies in the design or operation

of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware, have been disclosed to the auditors and the Audit Committee and steps have

been taken or propose to be taken to rectify these deficiencies.

d)

We have indicated to the Auditors and Audit Committee:

(i) Significant changes, if any, in internal control over financial reporting during the year under reference;

(ii) Significant changes, if any, in accounting policies during the year requiring disclosures in the notes to the financial statements; and

(iii) Instances of significant frauds, if any, during the year with involvement therein, of the management or any employee having a

significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

for The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 18 May 2022

Bahirji A. Ghorpade: Managing

Managing Director

Membership No. 209464

Bijan Kumar Dash

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 18 May 2022

Date: 18 May 2022:

Managing Director

Membership No. 209464

Bijan Kumar Dash

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 18 May 2022

Date: 18 May 2022:

Managing Director

Membership No. 209464

Bijan Kumar Dash

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 18 May 2022

Date: 18 May 2022:

Managing Director

Membership No. 209464

Bijan Kumar Dash

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 18 May 2022

Date: 18 May 2022:

Managing Director (w.e.f. 17 June 2020), Director

(Corporate) From 1 April 2020 to 16 June 2020]

(b) Mohammed Abdul Saleem, Director (Mines)

(c) Uttam Kumar Bhageria, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer (w.e.f. 15

September 2021)

(d) Sachin Sanu, Chief Financial Officer (Up to 15 September 2021)

(e) Bijan Kumar Dash, Company Secretary (w.e.f. 1 March 2021)

(f) Divya Ajith, Company Secretary (Up to 1 March 2021)

(g) Nazim Sheikh,: Managing

Managing Director

Membership No. 209464

Bijan Kumar Dash

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 18 May 2022

Date: 18 May 2022:

