Chairman's message

20

CEO's address

22

President and COO statement

Environment,

Social and

Governance

58

Environment

60

Social – People

62

Social – Community

64

Governance

66

Board of Directors

70

Leadership team

72

Awards and accolades

73

Corporate Information

CONTENTS

Reimagining sustainability

real world impact

We have made it our mission to reimagine sustainability in global agriculture,

which goes beyond addressing today’s needs to anticipating the needs of the

food systems well into the future.

With new businesses, technologies and thinking in action, we are getting

to the future of agriculture faster. In this, OpenAg, our new collaboration

model to accelerate growth and productivity among farmers has been a real

gamechanger, bringing novelty and innovation to our offerings and decisions.

We are rapidly expanding our portfolio of differentiated and sustainable

solutions and accelerating penetration in select markets, together with our

cutting-edge digital capabilities to support farmers around the world, become

more sustainable.

Our three-pronged focus of delivering sustainable, real world impact are

demonstrated below.

Environment

Reduce environmental impact

Economic & social

Build and promote

economic resilience

for farmers

and farming

communities

Food security

Increase food

security, supply

and safety of food

systems

1

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

The pandemic has rigorously stress tested our collective

human resilience in the past two years, and we have

worked to fight back valiantly and look forward to a brighter

future. However, its consequences would be felt for years

to come. Learnings from it need to be put into practice at

unprecedented speed and scale to ward off similar crisis in

the future. The trajectory of how a health crisis snowballed

into an economic one and further to a humanitarian

emergency has come with a valuable lesson – the ardent

need to deliver sustainable solutions for real impact.

As an organisation, UPL has remained steadfast in

its commitment to delivering innovative solutions to

strengthen farmer resilience. We have established a distinct

and differentiated space by solving problems faced by

farmers across the world by innovating at scale, enabling

them to practice sustainable farming and ensuring a steady

and reliable income. In the process, we have created a

robust business model that is sustainable by design and

capable of adapting to the changing times.

ENSURING GLOBAL FOOD SECURITY

As if the pandemic was not enough, the recent geopolitical

tensions have come as a major blow to global food

production and supply chains, making food less accessible

and affordable especially to the vulnerable communities

already reeling under loss of livelihood. With arable lands

globally continuing to shrink under the pressure of a rising

population, rapid urbanisation, desertification, floods,

droughts and climate change, the need to transform the

farm sector rapidly to create positive impact on yield and

quality has never been so pronounced.

GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY

Our CSR efforts are directed towards empowering,

strengthening and developing communities on a global

scale. We undertake focused interventions in the areas of

quality education, entrepreneurship, skill development,

forestry, disaster management, proper sanitation and

much more. Our collaborations with multiple NGOs across

the world enhance our reach and widen the scale of social

impact.

UPL’S ETHOS

We uphold the highest standards of corporate governance.

Our core values define who we are and help us in fulfilling

our mission of making every single food product more

sustainable. Our ambition to make a more equitable and

fairer world pushes us to take more responsibility and

CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE

Driving impact-led

sustainability agenda

work harder. We have grown exponentially, guided by our

experienced and diligent leadership team.

We are committed to zero harm. However, our Ankleshwar

unit experienced an unfortunate incident and five people

sustained injuries. Our emergency response team worked

alongside the local fire brigade to stabilise and tackle

this unfortunate incident. We immediately launched an

investigation to find the root cause behind this fire and

implemented necessary measures to ensure that such

incidents do not recur in the future in any of our locations.

In a bid to reward our shareholders, we announced and

completed a buyback of shares through open market route

for about ` 1,100 crore.

CONTINUING RESPONSIBLE LEADERSHIP

In addition to assisting farmers in making the most of their

land, we contribute to a sustainable society. We make a

conscious effort to reduce our carbon impact and provide

more sustainable solutions. We have aligned with the UN

SDGs and signed the climate pledge to show our dedication

to sustainable farming and production methods and to

continue to advance our company.

I take this opportunity to welcome Ms. Naina Lal Kidwai to

the Board as Independent Director. Ms. Kidwai comes with

rich experience in banking and other sectors. Her inclusion

will strengthen the Board and help UPL achieve the value

creation goals for its stakeholders.

In conclusion, I express my sincerest gratitude to every

stakeholder for their contribution in our journey so far.

Without them, we would not have reached where we are

today and would not be able to continue delivering impact.

R.D. Shroff

Chairman and: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

The financial year 2022 was no less challenging than its

predecessor, as the successive waves of the pandemic

continued to overwhelm life and livelihood across the

world. With uncertainty looming large, the escalation of the

Russia-Ukraine conflict further aggravated the situation,

leading to spiralling inflation as supply chains remained

fragile. In this context, our exemplary performance reflects

the resilience of our business model and relentless focus on

building a sustainable future.

We crossed an important milestone in our exciting journey,

with our EBITDA surpassing ` 10,000 crore in FY 2022.

The success of this milestone can be attributed to the

OpenAg platform we announced in 2019. It has helped

us transform from just an agrochemical product supplier

to a provider of solutions, aimed at the challenges of the

farmers and helped us strengthen our relationship with

them. Subsequently, we have gained both market share

in almost every operating market and also wallet share of

the growers. Despite the external challenges, we ensured

seamless supply to our customers, which validates the

investments we have made over the years to better

integrate the value chain.

It also gives me pleasure to welcome Mike Frank as the

COO of UPL. His rich experience, global perspective,

unmatched entrepreneurial style with hands-on approach,

a deep understanding of global food security challenges,

and passion for environmental and economic sustainability,

resonate with the ethos of UPL. Under his leadership, I am

confident our Company will reach newer heights.

ADDRESSING THE NEED OF THE HOUR

The recently concluded COP26 has renewed the

importance of climate-smart agriculture. There have been

increasing instances of soil degeneration, lower availability

of water, and unseasonal rains impacting agriculture

productivity. We have adopted a multi-pronged approach

to make the entire agriculture value chain sustainable,

under our overarching OpenAg strategy. Our seed

company Advanta brings transformative seed technology to

the market while our BioSolutions offerings under the NPP

platform is already a market leader. Our digital platform for

farmers, nurture.farm disseminates information on trying

out newer crops, provides scientific advices and helps in

ensuring better crop health, making farmers more resilient.

Additionally, food processing companies are increasingly

focusing on traceability to ensure responsible sourcing

and create sustainable food. We are also working towards

developing platforms to enable traceability of food.

One of the key drivers of sustainable agriculture is change

in the behaviour and practices of the farmers, which

needs to be rewarded. We launched the Gigaton challenge

to help reduce emissions. Our carbon capture project

is enabling farmers to access carbon markets, thereby

incentivising them to adopt sustainable and regenerative

practices. We are working with reputed carbon certification

organisations, enabling farming ecosystems to create,

implement, and validate carbon emission and carbon

capture protocols that will generate carbon credits. This

initiative has the potential to generate billions of dollars of

additional income for farmers worldwide. As a step forward,

we became the first company in India to sell field crop

agriculture carbon credits.

COLLABORATING TO ACCELERATE CHANGE

We strongly believe in the power of open collaboration

to connect people with game-changing technologies

and solutions. We partnered with FMC and launched our

first product with the active ingredient CTPR. We also

have a partnership with Mitsui on a new and novel active

ingredient. We have recently partnered with Christian

Hansen, one of the leading companies in discovering new

microbial technologies. We have one product ready for

launch in Brazil this year and six more are in the pipeline.

Our new go-to-market collaboration with Bunge in Brazil

would help growers manage risk and get access to seeds,

fertilisers and crop protection products.

REINFORCING OUR PLEDGE

We became the first signatory to The Climate Pledge

(TCP) from the agricultural inputs, solutions, and

technologies sector. We are excited to join a community

that will share knowledge, ideas, and best practices to

address the challenges of climate change, food security,

biodiversity loss, and water scarcity. Besides, our Green

Cell, the dedicated internal team engaged in reducing our

environmental footprint, has taken several measures to

reduce emission, solid and liquid waste generation. We

have taken significant strides towards energy transition and

committed to source 50% of our total energy required from

renewable sources in the near to medium term.

ROBUST FUNDAMENTALS

Building a robust supply chain to complement our product

and solutions strategy has been a prime focus area for us.

Our investments in supply chain over the last five years

were vindicated during the pandemic when we could

service the market seamlessly despite the global supply

chain challenges, thereby gaining the invaluable trust of

our customers across the globe.

While we rapidly expand our horizon, we are committed

to strengthening our fundamentals. Our focus on

quality growth driven by high-margin, differentiated and

sustainable solutions, accelerated penetration in select

markets and segments, and efficient cost and supply chain

management, continue to give us optimism. We will further

focus on optimising working capital and investments,

helping us improve our ROCE. We are committed to

maintain our investment grade credit rating.

READY FOR TOMORROW

Today, we stand at an important juncture in our

transformation journey. Our vision of reimagining

sustainability has started yielding impact, and small steps

towards sustainability in agriculture is expected to have a

multiplier effect in future. We are aggressively integrating

automation with digitalisation of services to drive farm

productivity. I express my gratitude to our team of 13,000+

people across the globe who are constantly motivated by

our vision to bring material change in the world through

sustainable agriculture. Their unwavering focus and

determination have helped us consistently outperform

the industry. The journey ahead seems inspiring. With

our consistent focus on differentiated and sustainable

solutions, we are confident of growing our market share

significantly in the next five years.

I also thank our stakeholders for their continued support.

Jai Shroff

Global CEO

Open challenge

We launched The Radicle Carbon and

Soil Challenge in partnership with

Radicle Growth, to pool the best ideas,

innovators, start-ups and scientists

that will help protect and preserve one

of our most valuable natural assets:

soil. The challenge provides a platform

to explore disruptive and innovative

technologies across the entire food

value chain, covering soil health, digital

tools, supply chain tech, biologicals,

plant nutrition, fintech, carbon markets,

MRV, new business models, and

livestock management. The winning

two startups received US$ 1.25 million

of equity investments from us.

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

21

20

1.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

2. Business review

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

It gives me immense pleasure to share with you my first

annual review as the COO of UPL. It was a year of inspiring

performance for UPL. The continuation of the pandemic

with disarray in supply chains and sharp increase in raw

material prices in a very short span, put significant pressure

on margins, particularly in the second half of the calendar

year 2021, but we recovered well in Q4FY22, thereby

delivering robust all-round performance for the full year

FY 2022, with revenue and EBITDA both growing by 19%.

Our OpenAg strategy have started delivering results, with

our return on capital employed (RoCE) improving by 170

bps to 15.6%. At the granular level, growth in off-patent

products was largely driven by price increases while bulk of

the growth in our differentiated and sustainable products

was driven by higher volumes, which attests to the

increased adoption by farmers across the world.

PERFORMANCE BY REGION

We reported solid performance across regions. Despite

some weather-related challenges in Mexico and Argentina,

our business in Latin America reported 21% y-o-y growth.

The North American business grew 37%, driven by both

herbicides and insecticides portfolio. The European

business witnessed moderate growth at 7% with our

sustainable solutions growing at a much faster rate. The

Indian business too demonstrated impressive performance,

growing 22% y-o-y. Our rest of the world business, which

includes Africa and other markets, reported 11% growth

over the previous year. We delivered strong EBITDA growth

even as we continued to make strategic investments in

manufacturing capacities, product innovation, and new

initiatives such as the natural plant protection (which is

our bio-solution platform) and nurture.farm (our digital

platform) among others to deepen our farmer connect.

LEVERAGING OUR STRENGTHS

Over the years, one of our key strengths has been our

integrated business model, which insulated us to a large

extent against the supply chain disruptions currently being

faced by the industry. Our strong manufacturing base in

India, coupled with our globally diversified units, helped us

assure quality as well as consistent supply.

Post-patent is another area of strength, contributing close

to ~70% of our topline today. Over the past two years,

we have launched more than 80 products in the market.

Further, US$ 5 billion worth of molecules are going off-

patent in the next 5 years. Our research team is working on

target molecules and has created a pipeline of products to

be launched as soon as the active ingredients go off-patent.

BUILDING A SUSTAINABLE ECOSYSTEM

At UPL, we look at sustainability from two angles –

manufacturing and supply chain processes, and product

portfolio that is aimed at making agriculture sustainable

at a local and global level. Globally, the per capita

agricultural land is shrinking, and climate change is making

agriculture unviable in different regions. The need of the

hour is to make the agriculture system more productive,

which will help feed the growing population on one hand

and increase the farmer income on the other. We make

multiple interventions with solutions spanning practices,

products and services across the crop cycle. We combine

sustainable, scientific, high-yield practices across the

agriculture value chain with centralised access to diverse,

curated products, services and intelligence across input

and output for sustainable farming at scale. Our ProNutiva

solution not just replaces a conventional crop protection

product with a more sustainable one, but goes beyond to

combine traditional solutions with BioSolutions to make

crops more durable, fight pests and reduce the impact of

agriculture on the environment.

Our Nurture platform on the other hand has been an

incredible effort, enabling farm mechanisation, digital

interventions for sustainable agriculture, food traceability

to trace the origins of ingredients of food across the

production value chain, and carbon management. With

more companies across the world committing to carbon

neutrality leading to the opening up of the carbon markets,

we expect the farmers to be increasingly rewarded for their

successful transition to sustainable agriculture. We are the

first company in the world to trade field crop agriculture

carbon credits, selling around 20,000 credits from the rice

farmers who were able to reduce methane generation.

BUILDING AN AGILE CULTURE

One of the key initiatives we are taking at UPL is to create a

distinctive culture for our people to make the organisation

future-ready. We are continuously investing in upskilling

our people, creating an enabling environment for agile

decision-making and enhancing focus on our customers.

We have been able to attract some of the best talents

from across the globe. They resonate with our purpose of

reimagining sustainability and making real world impact

through our products and solutions.

POISED FOR AN EXCITING FUTURE

As we move ahead, we have identified three clear

growth engines. First, we expect strong growth from

our differentiated and sustainable products. In the last

year, the mix between post-patent and differentiated and

sustainable was around 71:29. The highly fragmented

sustainable solutions market has immense growth

potential. We have created a pipeline of products with

more than US$ 5 billion of value and more than half of that

pipeline is expected to be launched globally in the next five

years, enabling us to grow our leadership. We expect that

more than 50% of our revenue by FY 2027 will be derived

from differentiated and sustainable solutions. This change

in our mix is part of our commitment to help growers

succeed, expand our margins while creating sustainable

agriculture practices.

Second, we are making focused investments in our top 22

countries by revenue, which represent about 80% of the

global crop protection product marketplace today. In these

target countries, we are implementing multiple initiatives

to strengthen our presence and drive robust growth in our

differentiated and sustainable solutions portfolio.

Third, our off-patent product pipeline, which offers

tremendous growth opportunities, will provide another

layer of growth for us over the next several years. These

new off-patent products will also play an important role

in our creation of new and differentiated products, as we

leverage our capability to create formulated combinations

that create unique value for growers. Finally, we will

continue to strengthen the ProNutiva business with the

introduction of newer solutions, combining BioSolutions

along with traditional chemistry to help drive productivity

and sustainability for our customers.

In addition, we have been continuously strengthening

our balance sheet. During the year, we raised the second

tranche of US$ 700 million sustainability linked loan (SLL),

which resulted in a reduction of interest cost by 35 bps and

an opportunity to further reduce by 5 bps on achieving the

agreed sustainability targets. The swapping of US$ 1.45

billion acquisition loan to SLL (US$ 750 mn first tranche in

April 2021) also points to our focus on linking sustainability

and ESG performance to financial performance.

IN CONCLUSION

I would like to thank our team across the globe for their

agility and unwavering customer focus, which provides

the foundation for our growth today and going forward. I

also thank our shareholders for their support, continued

confidence and shared belief in the future of UPL.

Mike Frank

President and Chief Operating Officer

Building a strong repository of

intellectual property

We have an incredible team of

scientists that has helped us secure

patents across herbicides, insecticides,

fungicides and also BioSolutions.

We have over 1,500 granted patents

and more than 3,000 awaiting

approval and these span various

invention types - method of use,

formulations, process, combination

and composition. More than one-

third of our revenues from last year

was covered by one or more of these

patents, reflecting their importance in

driving business growth.

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

23

22

1.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

2. Business review

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

of the Company on August 31, 2001.

He is also currently on the Board of

Directors of Uniphos Enterprises Ltd,

Hind Rectifiers Limited, IIT Bombay

Research Park, IIT Kanpur, Technology

Development Board and National

Institute of Advanced Manufacturing

Technologies (formerly NIFFT). He

has been a Trustee (2005- 2008),

a Fellow and Distinguished Life

Member of ASM International, USA.

He has recently been nominated as

President of ASM International for

2023-24. He is a Member of Indo-

German Chamber of Commerce,

Indian Merchants Chamber and Thane

Belapur Industries Association. He is

the Chairman of Ekal Abhiyan of India,

an NGO which operates over 75,000

primary schools for tribal children in

India. He is a developer of patented

innovative technologies using high

and low temperature microwaves.

REENA RAMACHANDRAN

Dr. Reena Ramachandran is a

double doctorate in Chemistry from

Allahabad University and France.

Dr. Reena Ramachandran, former

CMD, Hindustan Organic Chemicals,

is currently an Independent Director

on the Board of UPL Limited. She

also served as Member of Task Force,

Performance Management Division,

Cabinet secretariat; Member of the

Board of Governors, IIT (Kanpur);

Senior Scientific Officer, Ministry of

Science and Technology; Member –

Governing Board, Council of Scientific

and Industrial Research (CSIR); Expert

Member, Technical Advisory Committee

on HR, Reserve Bank of India; Member

of the Expert Committee of HRD

Ministry for devising Policy perspective

for Management Education; Member,

Film Censor Board. She has over 40

years of experience across petroleum,

petrochemicals and cement industry

(GM, ONGC / Ex. Director PCRA/ GGM,

Cement Research Institute, Ballabhgarh)

and over a decade of experience in

management education.

She was awarded as ‘Mahila Shiromani’

by Vice President of India, 1989; ‘Best

Communicator’ by Press Council,1989;

‘Manager of the Year’ by ONGC, 1987;

‘Energy Man of the Year’ by IBPL, Urja

Research Foundation,1997; Elected

Fellow of Indian National Academy

of Engineering (INAE) & All India

Management Association (AIMA);

Dewang Mehta LifeTime Achievement

Award, 2009; ‘EXEMPLARY LEADER

AWARD-2010’ by CMO Asia, Singapore;

Life Time Achievement Award in Higher

Education by Higher Education Forum

in 2011; Distinguished Alumni award by

Allahabad University Alumni Association

in 2015; ‘Life Time Achievement Award’

by the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural

Gas for outstanding contribution to Oil

and Gas industry during ‘Urja Sangam

– 2015’, Global Excellence Award

during 11th International Conference

on Petroleum Geochemistry and

Exploration in the Afro-Asian Region,

22 Dec.2021 supported by the Min. of

Petroleum & Natural Gas & Niti Aayog.

VASANT GANDHI

Dr. Vasant P. Gandhi is Ph.D. from

Stanford University, MBA (PGDM)

from IIM Ahmedabad (IIMA), and

B.Sc. in Agriculture from Pantnagar,

being a Gold Medalist at both

IIMA and Pantnagar. He teaches

agribusiness and marketing at IIMA,

and was NABARD Chair Professor, and

Chairman-Centre for Management in

Agriculture (CMA) at IIMA, as well as

on the Board of Governors of IIMA. He

was founder Chairman of IIMA’s Post

Graduate Programme in Food and

Agri-Business Management, which

is now ranked no.1 in the world. He

has worked with the World Bank in

Washington and also International

Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI)

in Washington. He has been Visiting

Professor/ Adjunct Professor at various

universities including University

of Sydney, James Cook University,

and University of South Australia.

He has produced a large number

of books and nearly 200 research

papers on topics ranging from food

& agriculture policies, economics,

finance, technology adoption, water

resource management, marketing

and agribusiness. A well-known

management expert and economist,

he was recently awarded the Lifetime

Achievement Award by his alma mater

university and was elected President

of the prestigious Indian Society of

Agricultural Economics for its 2020

conference. Besides this, he has

been advisor/ consultant to various

governments and organisations,

including the Prime Minister’s Task

Force on Irrigation, and on the Board

of Directors of various companies.

NAINA LAL KIDWAI

Ms. Naina Lal Kidwai brings in rich

experience in the areas of banking

and finance. She makes regular

appearances on listings by Fortune

and others of international women in

business. A recipient of many awards

and honours, she was awarded the

Padma Shri by the Government of

India for her contribution to Trade and

Industry.

Ms. Naina Lal Kidwai is presently a

senior advisor for Advent Private

Equity and also Rothschild ; a Non-

Executive Director on the Boards of

Holcim, Biocon,Gland Pharma and

Rothschild & Co.; Trustee of Asia

House in the UK; India Advisory

Council member of the US-India

Business Council (USIBC); and Past

President of the Federation of Indian

Chambers of Commerce and Industry

(FICCI). She retired in December

2015 as an Executive Director from

the Board of HSBC Asia Pacific and

Chairman of HSBC India, and in April

2018 as Non-Executive Director on the

global board of Nestle.

She has published several articles in

mainline dailies and has authored 3

books, “Survive Or Sink - An Action

Agenda for Sanitation, Water, Pollution

and Green Finance”, “Contemporary

Banking in India” and “30 Women in

Power: Their Voices, Their Stories.”

Her interests in water, sanitation and

the environment and empowerment

of women are reflected in her

engagements at Shakti Sustainable

Energy Foundation, International

Advisory Council of the Inquiry of

United Nations Environment Program

(UNEP), Commissioner for the Global

Commission on Economy & Climate,

Advisory Board Wildlife Conservation

Trust, The Rockfeller Foundation

Economic Council for Planetary

Health, Chair of FICCI’s Water Mission

and founder and Chair of the India

Sanitation Coalition.

She chaired the Financial Services

Working Group of the BRICs Business

Council and chairs the Primary Capital

Markets Committee at SEBI. She is a

member of the INDO-ASEAN Business

Council, the Army Group Insurance

Fund’s investment advisory committee,

Harvard Business School’s South

Asia Advisory Board and Standard

Chartered Bank’s International

Advisory Council.

She has been a member of the

Government of India’s Industry Task

Force, the Prime Minister’s Trade

and Industry Council, the National

Manufacturing Council, the National

Trade Council, the Working Group on

Banking, Financial Sector Legislative

Reforms Commission and the board

of the National Institute of Bank

Management.

Ms. Naina Lal Kidwai holds a Bachelor

of Arts Degree in Economics from Lady

Shriram College, Delhi University and

Master’s in Business Administration

from Harvard Graduate School of

Business Administration, USA.

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

69

68

1.

2.

3.

5.

6.

7.

4. Environment, Social and Governance

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Mr. Jaidev Shroff

Non-Executive Director

(Global CEO of the Group)

Mr. Vikram Shroff

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Arun Ashar

Director – Finance

Mr. Hardeep Singh

Lead Independent Director

Mr. Pradeep Goyal

Independent Director

Dr. Reena Ramachandran

Independent Director

Dr. Vasant Gandhi

Independent Director

Ms. Naina Lal Kidwai

Independent Director

GLOBAL CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Mr. Anand Vora

COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE

OFFICER

Mr. Sandeep Deshmukh

STATUTORY AUDITOR

B S R & Co. LLP

CORPORATE IDENTITY NUMBER

L24219GJ1985PLC025132

CORPORATE OFFICE

UPL House, 610 B/2, Bandra Village,

Off Western Express Highway, Bandra (East),

Mumbai – 400 051

Tel: 91 22 7152 8000

REGISTERED OFFICE

3-11, G.I.D.C., Vapi, Valsad-396195, Gujarat

Tel.: 91 260 2432716

BANKERS

Bank of Baroda

State Bank of India

Canara Bank

IDBI Bank

Axis Bank

Union Bank of India

ICICI Bank

Kotak Mahindra Bank

SHARES DEPARTMENT

Uniphos House, C.D. Marg, 11th Road, Madhu Park,

Khar (West), Mumbai – 400 052

Tel: 91 22 6856 8000

Email id: upl.investors@upl-ltd.com

DEBENTURE TRUSTEE

IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited

Asian Building, Ground Floor, 17, R. Kamani Marg,

Ballard Estate, Mumbai – 400 001

REGISTRAR AND SHARE TRANSFER AGENT

Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.

Unit: UPL Limited

C-101, 247 Park, LBS Marg,

Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400 083

Tel: 91 22 4918 6270

Email id: rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in

38th Annual General Meeting (AGM)

of UPL Limited scheduled on Friday,

August 12, 2022 at 12:30 pm (IST) through

Video Conferencing / Other Audio-Visual

Means. The business to be transacted at the

AGM is detailed in the Notice to the AGM.

AWARDS AND ACCOLADES

Sustainability 4.0 award (Frost & Sullivan

and TERI)

UPL India (Ankleshwar, Vapi, Halol)

Frost & Sullivan and TERI

Seal Award for Manufacturing Excellence

(5Z Excellence)

UPL Colombia

More Integrity Seal (Brazilian Ministry of

Agriculture)

UPL Brazil

APEA Operational Excellence-2021 AWARD

(Enterprise Asia)

UPL Vietnam

Safety Excellence Award (Greentech Foundation)

UPL India

Silver Award in CSR (Kaleido Awards)

Nurture Farm for #Endtheburn campaign

Distinctive ESR2022 award in CSR (Mexican

Center for Philanthropy CEMEFI)

UPL Mexico

17th Federation of Gujarat Industries (FGI)

Awards in CSR (Federation of Gujarat Industries)

UPL India

Best Industry Collaboration Award (World

BioProtection Summit)

To UPL for Aureo® Gold

BioAg Asia 2022 Award (Agriculture

Today Group)

UPL

Contribution & Support to Social

Activities Award (ASEAN Economic Corporation

Development Support Center)

UPL Vietnam

Indian Clean Air Award (ACT Grants)

Nurture Farm for preventing 1M+ tonnes of

carbon dioxide emissions

Best Industry Collaboration (IHS MARKIT)

UPL for Best Industry Collaboration for bioinsecticide -

Fawligen™

Industrial IP Award 2021 (CII)

South and South-east Asia Innovation Award

2021

NPP enlisted in the “Top 100 New Brands 2022”

Second consecutive feature

S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022

#1

Globally in Agro-Chemical Sector by Sustainalytics

Sustainability Leadership

For excellence in sustainability performance

management by The Asian Leadership Awards

#2

As leading agricultural company worldwide out of

55 agriculture companies by World Benchmarking

Alliance (WBA)

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

73

72

1.

2.

3.

5.

6.

7.

4. Environment, Social and Governance

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter from them confirming their

eligibility to be re-appointed as the statutory auditor

of the Company.

There are no instances of any fraud reported by the

statutory auditor to the Audit Committee or the Board

pursuant to Section 143(12) of the Act. The Auditor’s

Report on standalone and consolidated financial

statements for the year ended March 31, 2022 forms

part of the Annual Report and contains an unmodified

opinion without any qualification, reservation or

adverse remark.

b)

Cost Auditor

Pursuant to Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013

read with the Companies (Cost Records and Audit)

Rules, 2014 and amendments thereto, the cost

records maintained by the Company are required

to be audited. The Company has maintained cost

records as per the requirements of the Companies

(Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014. The Board on

the recommendation of the Audit Committee, has

appointed M/s. RA & Co., Cost Accountants to audit

the cost records of the Company for the financial year

2022-23 at a remuneration of ₹10,75,000/- (Rupees Ten

Lakhs and Seventy-Five Thousand only). The Company

has received a certificate of eligibility from the cost

auditor for the appointment. As per the provisions of

the Companies Act, 2013, the remuneration payable

to the cost auditor is required to be placed before

the Members in a general meeting for approval

/ ratification. Accordingly, a resolution seeking

Member’s approval for the remuneration payable to

M/s. RA & Co., Cost Auditor is included in the Notice

convening the AGM.

The Cost Audit Report for the financial year 2020-21

was filed with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs on

August 12, 2021. The Cost Audit Report for the financial

year 2021-22 will be filed before the due date.

c)

Secretarial Auditor

Pursuant to Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013

and The Companies (Appointment and Remuneration

of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Board

had appointed M/s. N. L. Bhatia & Associates, a

firm of Company Secretaries in Practice to conduct

secretarial audit for the financial year 2021-22. The

Report of the Secretarial Auditor is annexed to this

report as Annexure 3. The report of the Secretarial

Auditor for the financial year 2021-22 is unmodified

and does not contain any qualification, reservation or

adverse remark.

The Board has re-appointed M/s. N. L. Bhatia &

Associates to conduct the secretarial audit for the

financial year 2022-23. They have confirmed their

eligibility for the appointment.

DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the

Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Articles of Association

of the Company, Mr. Vikram Shroff (DIN: 00191472) Director

of the Company, retires by rotation at the forthcoming AGM

of the Company and being eligible has offered himself for

re-appointment. An ordinary resolution in this regard

has been proposed for approval of the members. The

information of Mr. Vikram Shroff seeking re-appointment,

as required pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of SEBI Listing

Regulations and the Secretarial Standard on General

Meetings issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries

of India, is provided in the notice convening the 38th AGM

of the Company.

During the year, the Board of Directors of the Company, on

the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, appointed Ms. Naina Lal Kidwai (DIN:

00017806) as an Additional Director (Non-Executive and

Independent) effective October 1, 2021 for a period of 5

years. The appointment was approved by the Members of

the Company at the Extraordinary General Meeting held

on March 30, 2022.

All the independent directors of the Company as on March

31, 2022 have given requisite declarations stating that

they meet the criteria of independence laid down under

Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(b) of SEBI Listing

Regulations. In the opinion of the Board, there has been

no change in the circumstances which may affect their

status as Independent Directors of the Company and the

Board is satisfied of the integrity, expertise, and experience

(including proficiency in terms of Section 150(1) of the

Act and applicable rules thereunder) of all Independent

Directors on the Board. In terms of Section 150 read with

Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification

of Directors) Rules, 2014, Independent Directors of the

Company are registered on the Independent Director

Databank maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate

Affairs (IICA).

As on March 31, 2022, the Company had the following Key

Managerial Personnel as per Section 2(51) of the Act:

1.

Mr. Rajnikant Shroff – Chairman and: Managing Director

2.

Mr. Arun Ashar – Whole-time Director

3.

Mr. Anand Vora – Global Chief Financial Officer

4.

Mr. Sandeep Deshmukh – Company Secretary and

Compliance Officer

EVALUATION OF BOARD’S PERFORMANCE

Pursuant to the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and

the SEBI Listing Regulations, the evaluation process

for performance of the Board, its various committees,

individual directors and the

Managing Director

(DIN: 00180810)

Mumbai

May 9, 2022

ANNEXURE 1 TO BOARD’S REPORT

Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility

(CSR) activities for the financial year 2021-22

1

BRIEF OUTLINE ON CSR POLICY OF THE COMPANY

The CSR policy of UPL aims to identify and support all projects/programs undertaken as part of the organisation’s

Corporate Social Responsibilities within the framework of Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies

(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014. The policy serves as a guiding document to help identify, execute

and monitor CSR projects in keeping with the spirit of the policy.

UPL undertakes projects/programs in line with Schedule VII of the Act. All our interventions are not restricted to

the development of our neighboring communities only as we work on initiatives that cater to the wider national

interest. Before undertaking any program, a sound assessment of the scope, need, projected benefits is carried out.

Our commitment and interventions cater all segments of the society and have been classified in 4 focus areas, viz.

A. Institution of Excellence

UPL and UPL promoted non-profit organizations have built institutions of excellence to raise responsible and skilled

human capital through academic excellence, holistic growth and vocational & life skills.

B. Sustainable Livelihood

An integrated approach that engrosses and covers all the major three marginally oppressed sections of the society

which can be enumerated as women, dropout youths and marginal farmers. We focus on improving quality of life

of these sections through:

Agriculture Development

Women Empowerment & Entrepreneurship

Skill Development

C. Nature Conservation

Focus on protecting & conserving nature and environment.

D. Local and National Need

GramPragati - Specific local area needs around our factory locations

United Bharat - National need, which also include relief or rebuild which can arise from natural calamities

2

COMPOSITION OF CSR COMMITTEE

Sl. No.

Name of Director

Designation / Nature of Directorship

Number of meetings of CSR

Committee held during the year

Number of meetings of CSR

Committee attended

during the year

1

Vikram Shroff

Chairman / Non-Independent,

Non-Executive Director

2

2

2

Pradeep Goyal

Member / Independent,

Non-Executive Director

2

2

3

Arun Ashar

Member / Non-Independent,

Executive Director

2

2

3

WEB-LINK WHERE COMPOSITION OF CSR COMMITTEE, CSR POLICY AND CSR PROJECTS APPROVED

BY THE BOARD ARE DISCLOSED ON THE WEBSITE OF THE COMPANY

CSR Committee: https://www.upl-ltd.com/investors/corporate-governance/board-committees

CSR Policy: https://www.upl-ltd.com/corporate_governance_pdfs/QnOJA9nKdnJVDJ1ZRCnZrEwYVSnlG5EDzPpTidhI/

UPL_CSR_Policy.pdf

CSR Projects: https://www.upl-ltd.com/sustainability/socialresponsibility/framework-approach

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

103

102

1.

2.

3.

4.

6.

7.

5. Statutory Reports

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Chairman - CSR Committee

May 9, 2022

(DIN: 00180810)

(DIN: 00191472)

ANNEXURE 2 TO BOARD’S REPORT

Details pertaining to remuneration as required under Section 197(12)

of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014

1.

The ratio of remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of employees of the Company for the financial

year 2021-22 and the percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company

Secretary during the financial year 2021-22:

Name

Designation

Ratio to

median remuneration

% increase

in remuneration in FY2022

Mr. Rajnikant D Shroff

Chairman and: Managing Director

269x

8%

Mr. Arun Ashar

Director – Finance

85x

44%

Mr. Pradeep Goyal

Independent Director

4.8x

82.6%

Dr. Reena Ramachandran

Independent Director

3.8x

69.4%

Mr. Hardeep Singh

Independent Director

4.4x

76.8%

Dr. Vasant Gandhi

Independent Director

4.3x

78.9%

Ms. Naina Lal Kidwai ^

Independent Director

-

-

Ms. Usha Rao Monari ^^

Independent Director

-

-

Mr. Anand Vora

Global Chief Financial Officer

NA

30.09%*

Mr. Sandeep Deshmukh

Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

NA

19% **

^

Appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. October 1, 2021.

^^ Resigned as an Independent Director w.e.f. May 13, 2021.

*

The increase in compensation of Mr. Anand Vora is due to revision of remuneration during FY21-22 in line with market benchmarks of

the peer group of companies in the global agrochemical sector. For the purpose of calculation of % increase, `1.83 crore in the nature of

settlement/retirals like gratuity/bonus/leave encashment upon closure of payroll in India and $400k one-time special allowance post his

employment with UPL UK have not been considered to arrive at correct % of increase of annual compensation.

** The increase in compensation paid during FY21-22 is partly on account of change in variable pay. For FY20-21 the variable pay was paid

pro-rata from the date of joining (i.e. part of the year) while the same was paid for the full year in FY21-22.

2.

Change in remuneration of independent directors results from sitting fees paid based on number of meetings

attended and also on account of revision in Commission.

3.

The percentage change in the median remuneration for FY21-22 was 2.8%. Median represents the numerical value

separating the higher half of the employee strength from the lower half, which gets determined depending upon

number of employees in the respective years. The % change in Median remuneration does not indicate increase in

remuneration of any specific employee but is the difference in the remuneration of persons who were at median

positions in the respective years.

4.

Number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2022 were 5,456.

5.

Average annual increase to the employees excluding senior managerial personnel in FY21-22 was 7.6%. Further,

average annual increase for the managerial personnel was 14.9%. This increase is due to revision of remuneration

of one of the managerial personnel after a period of about 3 years.

6.

The remuneration is in line with the Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Group.

Additional information about remuneration drawn by Directors from subsidiaries

Mr. Jai Shroff, Global CEO and Mr. Vikram Shroff, Director do not draw remuneration from the Company. They are

foreign citizens and residents out of India and accordingly receive remuneration from overseas subsidiaries of the Group.

There was no change in the remuneration paid to them in FY21-22 as against FY20-21. Mr. Hardeep Singh, Independent

Director also receives Sitting Fee/Remuneration from the two material subsidiaries where he has been nominated as

Independent Director by UPL Limited as required under SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015. Details of their remuneration are

given in Corporate Governance section of this Annual Report. The Company has 7,598 permanent employees on the rolls

of global subsidiaries in addition to those in employment of UPL Limited as stated above.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Rajnikant Devidas Shroff

Mumbai

letter.

(1)

Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

(2) We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

(3) We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

(4) Wherever required we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

(5) The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

(6) The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For M/s. N. L. Bhatia & Associates

Practising Company Secretaries

UIN: P1996MH055800

UDIN: F008663D000278671

Date: May 06, 2022

Place: Mumbai

Bhaskar Upadhyay

Partner

FCS: 8663

CP. No. 9625

PR No. 700/2020

ANNEXURE 4 TO BOARD’S REPORT

Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption,

Adaptation and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo

[Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies act, 2013 read with Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]

A. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY DURING THE YEAR

2021- 22:

i.

The steps taken or impact on conservation of

energy

The Company has a dedicated ‘Energy Cell’ which

is continuously working for achieving Energy

excellence, by identifying and implementing new

and innovative measures across the Company’s

plants. The team closely monitors specific energy

consumption pattern across all manufacturing

sites. It also conducts periodic internal &

external energy audits. This has resulted in

reduction of energy and CO2 footprint. Energy

Cell is also involved in building internal capability

by imparting trainings and demonstration of

new technologies.

Key focus area has been on heat integration in

processes and waste heat recovery.

Major

Energy

saving

initiatives

are

mentioned below:

1.

Thermal heat pump to recover low grade heat

from cooling water and making hot water.

2.

Improved flash & condensate recovery.

3.

Replaced

steam

ejectors

with

dry

vacuum pump.

4.

Utility changeover from chilled water to

cooling water.

5.

Multi effective evaporator installed in place

of batch evaporation.

6.

Process feed pre-heating from waste heat.

7.

Heat pinching across SFD.

8.

Enhanced power generation across BPT.

9.

Briquette fired boiler against coal.

10. Epoxy glass coated cooling tower fan in place

of aluminum fans.

11. Power purchase from renewable sources. (32

MW from solar & wind).

ii.

Steps taken by the Company to utilize

alternate

source

&

reduce

energy

consumption.

1.

To purchase additional renewable power

purchase and achieve total 58 MWe.

2.

Fluidized bed cleaning system to improve

steam economy in MEE’s

3.

Heat pump for de-humidifier system

4.

Proposing to install biomass boiler at

PL01 & PL12 towards steam cost reduction

& sustainability

5.

To implement horizontal deployment of

innovative measures like process pinch,

heat integration, achieving higher overall

efficiency, closed loop condensate & flash

recovery system, evaporative condenser,

BPT’s etc.

iii. Capital Investment on energy conservation

equipment:

1.

A total of `6 crores were invested in

installation of energy efficient equipment. All

projects are evaluated and approved based

on the lowest energy and carbon foot-print.

2.

The Company’s units have been recipients of

multiple awards as a recognition of our energy

conservation measures and Sustainability.

3.

Confederation of Indian Industry (CII)

awarded UPL as “National Energy Leader”,

“Excellent Energy Efficient Unit”, “Most

Useful Presentation” & “Innovative Project”.

B. TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, ADAPTATION AND

INNOVATION DURING THE YEAR 2021-22:

i.

Following initiatives were taken by the

company towards the technology absorption,

adaptation and innovation:

1.

Yield improvements through advanced

separation techniques & converting batch

to continuous mode to reduce the cost

of COGM.

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

117

116

1.

2.

3.

4.

6.

7.

5. Statutory Reports

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00180810)

Mumbai

May 9, 2022

Report on Corporate Governance

COMPANY'S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Our corporate governance philosophy reflects our value system encompassing our legacy, culture, vision, mission,

policies and relationships with all our stakeholders.

At UPL we are committed to doing things the right way which means taking business decisions which are ethical and in

compliance with applicable legislations. Corporate Governance is all about maintaining a valuable relationship and trust

with all stakeholders. We consider stakeholders as partners in our success and we remain committed towards maximizing

stakeholders’ value, be it shareholders, employees, suppliers, customers, investors, communities or policy makers. This

approach to value creation emanates from our belief that sound governance system, based on relationship and trust, is

integral to create an enduring value for all. Corporate Governance is not just a destination, but a journey to constantly

improve sustainable value creation.

Transparency

We ensure

transparency and

maintain high

level of integrity

and accountability.

Compliance

We ensure

compliance in

both the spirit

and: letter of law

in all our actions

and disclosures

Relationship with

Stakeholders

We understand our

responsibilty to

protect the interest

of all stakeholders.

Sustainability

At UPL, sustainability

is a holistic approach

for doing good

business for progress,

prosperity, people and

the planet.

Our corporate governance framework is guided by our core

values, culture and ethics viz:

Always Human – We are all about connecting with people,

in a human way – showing respect, demonstrating trust,

celebrating diversity. For us, technology is an enabler, not

the endgame. We see the value in human connectivity and

how it creates new opportunities for everyone. With this,

comes our promise to protect people’s safety in every way

we can.

Nothing’s impossible – There isn’t any limit to our ambition

or our ability to grow. We are not afraid to run with new

ideas, work with new partners, anticipate new needs, push

ourselves beyond our comfort zones or simply ask ‘Why

not?’. We dare to change the game and create a new food

economy for the world.

Win-Win-Win – We serve a cause bigger than ourselves

– sustainability of global food systems. We win when we

create sustainable solutions based on responsible choices,

when everyone we serve and partner with grows too, and

when together we achieve sustainable growth for society

as a whole - the biggest win of all.

One team, One focus – We are one team, for maximum

impact. One team with shared goals. We all play for the

team, and no one plays against the team. We have a

laser-like focus on what our customers need and want,

on anticipating their future needs and how we can create

innovative solutions and experiences for them.

Agile – No one is faster or more efficient. We thrive on

targets and challenges that, while possibly daunting at

first glance, only excite and energise us. Wherever we

operate, speed and agility are in our DNA. The world needs

our urgency.

Keep it simple, make it fun – Food systems are highly

complex and present huge challenges. We cut through

this by keeping it simple. People value simplicity, customers

especially. And everyone likes fun, so let’s have some, doing

what we love to do.

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

121

120

1.

2.

3.

4.

6.

7.

5. Statutory Reports

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director

- Uniphos Enterprises

Limited

N.A.

Mr. Jaidev

Shroff @

DIN: 00191050

Non-

Executive

Director

7

Yes

Yes

3

-

-

Director

- Uniphos Enterprises

Limited

- Nivi Trading Limited

- Ventura Guaranty

Limited

81,00,163

Equity Shares

(excluding

holding of

3,98,500 GDR

represented

by 7,97,000

underlying

equity shares)

Mr. Vikram

Shroff @

DIN: 00191472

Non-

Executive

Director

7

Yes

Yes

4

-

-

Nil

67,54,324

Equity Shares

(excluding

holding of

2,18,520 GDR

represented

by 4,37,040

underlying

equity shares)

Mr. Arun

Ashar

DIN: 00192088

Non-

Promoter and

Executive

Director

6

Yes

Yes

7

5

-

Director

- Uniphos Enterprises

Limited

N.A.

Mr. Pradeep

Goyal

DIN: 00008370

Independent

Director

7

Yes

Yes

3

2

2

Independent Director

- Uniphos Enterprises

Limited

- Hind Rectifiers

Limited

Chairman and: Managing Director

- Pradeep Metals

Limited

Nil

Dr. Reena

Ramachandran

DIN: 00212371

Independent

Director

7

Yes

Yes

-

-

-

Nil

Nil

Mr. Hardeep

Singh

DIN: 00088096

Lead

Independent

Director

7

Yes

Yes

2

3

1

Independent Director

- Escorts Limited

52,807

Equity

Shares

Dr. Vasant

Gandhi

DIN: 00863653

Independent

Director

7

Yes

Yes

1

-

1

Nil

Nil

Ms. Naina Lal

Kidwai $$

DIN: 00017806

Independent

Director

4

N.A.

Yes

3

2

-

Independent Director

- Max Financial

Services Limited

- Gland Pharma

Limited

Nil

Notes:

* Excludes Directorship in private limited companies, foreign companies and companies under Section 8 of the Companies Act,2013. Committee

Membership /

letter of appointment containing the terms

of appointment, roles, duties and code of conduct among

other items. The draft: letter of appointment is available

on the website of the Company under Investors section at

https://www.upl-ltd.com/investors.

During the year under review, the Independent Directors

met on March 31, 2022, where all the Independent Directors

were present. The meeting was conducted to enable

the independent directors to discuss the affairs of the

Company, discuss among other matters the performance

of the Company, the flow of information to the Board,

strategy, safety and environment, succession planning and

the outcome of the board/committee evaluation and put

forth their views to the Board.

During the year under review, Ms. Naina Lal Kidwai was

appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for

a first term of five years w.e.f October 1, 2021 and the same

was approved by the shareholders at the Extraordinary

General Meeting held on March 30, 2022. There was no

other change in Independent Directors.

Lead Independent Director

As a globally accepted good governance practice, the Board

has appointed Mr. Hardeep Singh as a Lead Independent

Director of the Company. As a Lead Independent Director,

Mr. Hardeep Singh has been entrusted with the following

roles and responsibilities:

•

To preside over meetings of Independent Directors.

•

To preside over meetings of the Board and

Shareholders when the

Managing Director

and other Executive Directors will consist of monthly salary,

allowances, perquisites, bonus, commission and other

retiral benefits. The policy is available on the Company’s

website at https://www.upl-ltd.com/investors/corporate-

governance/policies. In respect of senior management,

the remuneration will be based on their individual

performance, Company’s performance, targets achieved,

KPI, industry benchmark and current compensation trends

in the industry.

The Group has also put in place Executive Compensation

Policy (ECP). ECP aims at remunerating the global Executive

Leadership Team (ELT) to drive long-term organizational

goals. It comprises of the collective business and functional

leadership manned by the top company executives. While

designing global ELT’s employment contracts, local pay

practices, local labour and employment compliances hold

a key consideration. Their overall remuneration is managed

as per market pay practices in line with their professional

job responsibilities. Also, remuneration is benchmarked

with the help of third-party consultants to ensure market

competitiveness. ECP is available on the Company’s

website at https://www.upl-ltd.com/investors/corporate-

governance/policies.

Details of the remuneration of Directors

Remuneration of executive directors is broadly divided

into fixed and variable components. The fixed components

comprise of salary, allowances, perquisites, amenities and

retirement benefits. The variable component comprises

of performance based annual incentive/commission.

The performance criteria are based on annual targets

for Company’s performance. Also, overall compensation

trends in the industry are considered for this purpose.

Appointment is normally done for a period of five years.

The service agreement provides for a notice period of three

months on either side.

₹ in crores

Name of the Director

Salary

Retiral

Benefits

Perquisites

Commission*

Total

Mr. Rajnikant Shroff

(Chairman and: Managing Director)

6.23

2.03

2.69

4.50

15.45

Mr. Arun Ashar

(Whole-time Director)

2.60

0.83

0.46

1.00

4.89

* The aforesaid Commission is for FY20-21, which was paid in FY21-22 after adoption of financial statements by the members. Commission for

FY21-22 as approved by the Board of Directors based on recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee for Mr. Rajnikant D.

Shroff is ₹ 5 crores and for Mr. Arun Ashar is ₹ 1.25 crores.

Remuneration paid to Managing Director and Whole-time Director in FY2021-22 is as under:

Mr. Jaidev Shroff, Global CEO and Mr. Vikram Shroff, Director and other ELT members receive remuneration from global

subsidiaries where they are employed as per the Group’s policy. Details of remuneration received by them during

FY21-22 along with comparison of remuneration structure of Global ELT members is as under:

US $ mn

Name

Fixed

remuneration

Variable remuneration

Stock Options

Total

Mr. Jaidev Shroff, Global CEO

4.00

4.00

No

8.00 *

Mr. Vikram Shroff, Director

2.00

2.00

No

4.00 **

Other members of Global ELT

Range of remuneration 0.4 mn to 2.06 mn

Yes

-

Remuneration of Mr. Jaidev Shroff, Mr. Vikram Shroff and other ELT members is benchmarked to ensure market

competitiveness and is in line with the global business performance of the Company. There is no increase in the

remuneration of Mr. Jaidev Shroff and Mr. Vikram Shroff in FY21-22 as against FY20-21.

The Commission payable to Independent Directors for FY21-22 is ₹20,00,000/- each (on pro-rata basis). The same is

commensurate with the size of the Company and industry trends. The Commission for the financial year ended March

31, 2022 will be paid to Independent Directors, subject to deduction of tax and after adoption of financial statements

at the Annual General Meeting. Sitting fees and commission paid to the Independent Directors during the year ended

March 31, 2022 are as under:

in `

Name of the Independent Director

Sitting Fees

Commission *

Total

Mr. Pradeep Goyal

12,85,000

15,00,000

27,85,000

Dr. Reena Ramachandran

6,60,000

15,00,000

21,60,000

Mr. Hardeep Singh

10,20,000

15,00,000

25,20,000

Dr. Vasant P. Gandhi

9,60,000

15,00,000

24,60,000

Ms. Usha Rao Monari (upto May 13, 2021)

60,000

15,00,000

15,60,000

Ms. Naina Lal Kidwai (w.e.f October 1, 2021)

4,20,000

-

4,20,000

* The aforesaid Commission is for FY20-21 which was paid in FY21-22.

Mr. Hardeep Singh also received remuneration of

USD 1,90,000 as a Nominee Independent Director of

UPL Corporation Limited, Mauritius and UPL Do Brasil –

Industria e Comércio de Insumos Agropecuários S.A.

None of the non-executive directors has any pecuniary

relationship with the Company except sitting fees,

commission and reimbursement of expenses, if any

incurred for company work. Please refer to the disclosure

on Related Party Transactions in the financial statements

for details of transactions, if any, with Directors, KMPs and

their relatives.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

The Stakeholders Relationship Committee currently

comprises of 3 (three) directors out of which 2 (two) are

non-executive directors:

1.

Mr. Pradeep Goyal (

Letter of Confirmation in lieu of the share certificate while

processing any of the aforesaid investor service request.

Disclosure related to Demat Suspense Account/

Unclaimed Suspense Account

In accordance with the requirement of Regulation 34(3)

and 39(4) read with Part F of the Schedule V of the SEBI

Listing Regulations, the following are the details in respect

of equity shares lying in the Demat / Unclaimed Suspense

Account as per Regulation 34(3) of SEBI Listing Regulations:

Particulars

BSE Ltd. (BSE)

National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE)

Month’s High

Price (In ₹)

Month’s Low

Price (In ₹)

Month’s High

Price (In ₹)

Month’s Low

Price (In ₹)

April, 2021

673.85

581.35

673.95

581.30

May, 2021

825.45

596.50

825.50

596.15

June, 2021

864.75

768.90

864.70

768.30

July, 2021

852.50

786.35

852.40

786.15

August, 2021

812.00

714.80

810.65

714.50

September, 2021

772.50

699.80

772.50

700.00

October, 2021

761.75

686.15

762.00

686.25

November, 2021

794.35

679.00

794.00

678.55

December, 2021

767.00

681.85

767.70

681.55

January, 2022

844.75

745.85

844.90

746.10

February, 2022

799.60

625.00

799.60

622.00

March, 2022

814.70

661.10

814.50

659.50

The voting rights on the shares outstanding in the suspense account as on March 31, 2022 shall remain frozen till the

rightful owner of such shares claims the shares.

Market Price Data for the period from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022

Share price performance in comparison to BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty

Performance Comparison with NSE NIFTY

Performance Comparison with BSE SENSEX

Note: UPL share price, Sensex and Nifty values in April 2021 have been baselined to 100

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

135

134

1.

2.

3.

4.

6.

7.

5. Statutory Reports

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

May 9, 2022

(DIN: 00180810)

Declaration

As provided under Clause D of Schedule V pursuant to Regulation 34(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Members of Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed

compliance with the Code of Conduct of Board of Directors and Senior Management laid down by the Company for the

year ended March 31, 2022.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Rajnikant Devidas Shroff

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director and

Chief Financial Officer

(Pursuant to Regulation 17(8) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)

To,

The Board of Directors

UPL Limited

We, Rajnikant Devidas Shroff,: Managing Director and Anand Vora, Global Chief Financial Officer of UPL Limited, to the

best of our knowledge and belief, certify that:

a.

We have reviewed the financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year ended March 31, 2022 and to

the best of our knowledge and belief:

i.

These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements

that might be misleading;

ii.

These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with

existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

b.

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year,

which are fraudulent or illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

c.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have

evaluated the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and

we have not come across deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls.

d.

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:

i.

That there are no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

ii.

That there are no significant changes in accounting policies during the year;

iii.

That there are no instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware.

This certificate is being given to the Board pursuant to Regulation 17 (8) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

Rajnikant Devidas Shroff

Anand Vora

Managing Director

(b) Details of the BR head

1.

DIN Number:

00180810

2.

Name:

Mr. Rajnikant Devidas Shroff

3.

Designation:

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

Whole-time Director

Din No: 00180810

Din No: 00192088

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Anand Vora

Sandeep Deshmukh

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: ACS10946

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2022

171

170

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

1.

2.

3.

4.

6.

7.

5. Statutory Reports

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Whole-time Director

Membership No: 042070

Din No: 00180810

Din No: 00192088

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Anand Vora

Sandeep Deshmukh

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: ACS10946

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2022

Date: May 9, 2022

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2022

` in crores

Particulars

Note

Year ended

March 31, 2022

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Revenue

Revenue from operations

21

16,449

11,345

Other income

22

631

113

Total Income

17,080

11,458

Expenses

Cost of materials consumed

23

8,690

5,639

Purchases of stock-in-trade

1,870

872

Changes in inventories of finished goods (including stock-in-trade) and work-in-progress

24

(678)

(256)

Employee benefit expenses

25

767

685

Finance costs

26

377

307

Impairment loss/(write back) on trade receivables

(2)

(7)

Depreciation and amortisation expenses

27

1,044

977

Exchange rate difference on receivables and payables (net)

54

31

Other expenses

28

3,691

2,761

Total Expenses

15,813

11,009

Profit before exceptional items and tax

1,267

449

Exceptional items

43

6

15

Profit before tax

1,261

434

Tax expenses

Current tax

19

220

195

Deferred tax (credit)/charge

19

(135)

19

Total tax expenses

85

214

Profit For The Year

1,176

220

Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)

30

(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

5

(0)

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

(2)

0

Total Other Comprehensive Income for the year, net of tax

3

(0)

Total Comprehensive Income for the year

1,179

220

Earnings per equity share (in `) of face value of `2 each

Basic

31

15.39

2.88

Diluted

31

15.39

2.88

Summary of significant accounting policies

2.2

See accompanying notes to the standalone financial statements

1-56

In terms of our report of even date attached.

For B S R & Co. LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of UPL Limited

Chartered Accountants

CIN No.-L24219GJ1985PLC025132

Firm registration number: 101248W/W-100022

Bhavesh Dhupelia

R.D. Shroff

A.C. Ashar

Partner

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Whole-time Director

Membership No: 042070

Din No: 00180810

Din No: 00192088

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Anand Vora

Sandeep Deshmukh

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: ACS10946

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2022

Date: May 9, 2022

Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended March 31, 2022

187

186

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

7.

6. Financial Statements

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Whole-time Director

Membership No: 042070

Din No: 00180810

Din No: 00192088

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Anand Vora

Sandeep Deshmukh

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: ACS10946

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2022

Date: May 9, 2022

189

188

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

7.

6. Financial Statements

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Whole-time Director

Membership No: 042070

Din No: 00180810

Din No: 00192088

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Anand Vora

Sandeep Deshmukh

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Membership No: ACS10946

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2022

Date: May 9, 2022

259

258

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

7.

6. Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Whole-time Director

Membership No: 042070

Din No: 00180810

Din No: 00192088

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Anand Vora

Sandeep Deshmukh

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: ACS10946

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2022

Date: May 9, 2022

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31 March 2022

` in crores

Particulars

Note

Year ended

31 March 2022

Year ended

31 March 2021

Revenue

Revenue from operations

21

46,240

38,694

Other income

22

281

258

Total Income

46,521

38,952

Expenses

Cost of materials and components consumed (including (increase)/decrease in inventory

of finished goods, work-in-progress and traded goods and purchase of stock-in-trade)

22,072

19,096

Employee benefits expenses

23

4,622

3,712

Finance costs

24

2,295

2,060

Impairment loss on trade receivables

10

(15)

80

Depreciation and amortisation expenses

25

2,359

2,173

Exchange Difference (net) on trade receivables and trade payables

636

207

Other expenses

26

9,396

7,247

Total Expenses

41,365

34,575

Profit before share of profit/loss of equity accounted investee,

exceptional items and tax

5,156

4,377

Share of Profit/(Loss) equity accounted investees

33 & 34

134

42

Profit before exceptional items and tax

5,290

4,419

Exceptional items

27

324

238

Profit before tax

4,966

4,181

Tax expenses

529

686

Current tax

18

1,048

936

Adjustments of tax relating to earlier years

18

48

(105)

Deferred tax

18

(567)

(145)

Profit for the year

4,437

3,495

Other comprehensive income (OCI)

A

(i) Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss

28

20

31

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

28, 18

(1)

(5)

B

(i) Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss

28

1,350

(976)

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

28, 18

-

-

Total Other Comprehensive Income for the year, net of tax

1,369

(950)

Total Comprehensive Income for the year

5,806

2,545

Profit for the year

4,437

3,495

Attributable to:

Owners of the parent

3,626

2,871

Non-controlling interests

811

624

Other Comprehensive Income

1,369

(950)

Attributable to:

Owners of the parent

1,030

(683)

Non-controlling interests

339

(267)

Total comprehensive income for the year

5,806

2,545

Attributable to:

Owners of the parent

4,656

2,188

Non-controlling interests

1,150

357

Earnings per equity share

29

Basic (`) (Face value of ` 2 each)

45.87

36.40

Diluted (`) (Face value of ` 2 each)

45.87

36.40

Summary of significant accounting policies

2.3

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

1 - 55

As per our report of even date attached.

For B S R & Co. LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

Chartered Accountants

UPL Limited

Firm registration number: 101248W/W-100022

CIN No: L24219GJ1985PLC025132

Bhavesh Dhupelia

R.D. Shroff

A.C. Ashar

Partner

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Whole-time Director

Membership No: 042070

Din No: 00180810

Din No: 00192088

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Anand Vora

Sandeep Deshmukh

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: ACS10946

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2022

Date: May 9, 2022

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended March 31, 2022

273

272

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

7.

6. Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Whole-time Director

Membership No: 042070

Din No: 00180810

Din No: 00192088

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Anand Vora

Sandeep Deshmukh

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: ACS10946

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2022

Date: May 9, 2022

275

274

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

7.

6. Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter (A)

9

7

(vi) Fully paid up equity shares of Meiji Lukang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd

-

10

(vii) 35,50,716 fully paid and non-assessable shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, par value $

0.0001 of Telesense INC.

21

22

(viii) Investment in Tenacious Ventures Fund I, LP (Partnership)

2

2

(ix) Investment in Yield Lab Global Opportunity Fund, L.P.

3

2

Investments stated at Fair Value through Profit and Loss

(A) Investments in Optionally Convertible Bonds (Unquoted)

(i)

725,000 [March 2021: 725,000] Optionally Convertible Bonds All Fresh Supply Management

Private Limited

7

9

(ii)

Convertible Loan Notes in Amira Nature foods Limited

38

-

(B)

Investment in Equity Instruments (Unquoted)

(i)

Nil [March 2021: 240,000] Equity shares of ` 10 each fully paid-up in UPL Investment Private

Limited

-

2

(ii)

57 [March 2021: 57] Ordinary Shares of 1 Rand each fully paid-up in Cropserve [PTY] Limited

0

0

(iii) 3,757,570 [March 2021: 3,757,570] Equity Shares of ` 10 each fully paid-up in Narmada Clean

Tech Limited

7

7

(iv) 10,000 [March 2021: 10,000] Equity Shares of ` 10 each fully paid—up in Janakalyan Sahakari

Bank Limited

0

0

(v)

1,000,000 [March 2021: 1,000,000] Equity Shares of ` 10 each fully paid-up in Uniphos

International Limited

5

5

(vi) 45,000 [March 2021: 45,000] Equity Shares of ` 10 each fully paid-up in Bloom Packaging

Private Limited

1

1

(vii) 19,025 [March 2021: 19,025] Equity Shares of ` 10 each fully paid-up in Bench Bio Private

Limited

1

1

(viii) 3,687 [March 2021: 3,687] equity shares of ` 10 each fully paid-up in All Fresh Supply

Management Private Limited

2

2

5. INVESTMENTS (CONTD.)

301

300

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

7.

6. Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of grant

Exercise price: Exercise price shall be ` 100 per share for ESOPs granted as per ASOS 2022

Exercisable event: Upon occurrence of a Liquidity Event.

Exercise period: Maximum by January 01, 2027

The fair value of the share options is estimated at the grant date using Black Scholes Option Pricing (“BSOP”) method,

taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the share options were granted.

Terms of Tranche B ESOPs of ASOS 2022

2,45,980 performance based options to vest only upon the following performance conditions being met –

i.

33% vesting: Valuation of the Company is USD 500 million

ii.

67% vesting: Valuation of the Company is USD 1 billion

Grant date: On or after January 01, 2022

Exercise price: Exercise price shall be $ 29,852 per share for ESOPs granted as per ESOP 2019

Exercisable event: Upon occurrence of a Liquidity Event.

Exercise period: Maximum by 30-Jun-2025

The fair value of the share options is estimated at the grant date using Monte Carlo Simulation Pricing (“MCS”)

method so as to evaluate whether the performance conditions (i.e. Milestone 1 and Milestone 2) have been achieved.

The carrying amount of the ESOP reserve relating to the ESOPs at 31 March 2022 is ` 20 crores.

Nil stock options have been vested as at 31 March 2022. The expense recognised for employee services received

during the year is shown in the following table:

` in crores

Particulars

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Expense arising from equity-settled share-based payment transactions

17

-

Vested options

17

-

Movements during the year

Particulars

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Outstanding at the beginning of the year

-

-

Granted during the year

479,379

-

Forfeited during the year

-

-

Exercised during the year

-

-

Expired during the year

-

-

Outstanding at the end of the year

479,379

-

36. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (CONTD.)

36. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (CONTD.)

341

340

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

7.

6. Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director Whole-time Director

Membership No: 042070

Din No: 00180810

Din No: 00192088

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Anand Vora

Sandeep Deshmukh

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: ACS10946

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2022

Date: May 9, 2022

52 OTHER STATUTORY INFORMATION (CONTD.)

385

384

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

7.

6. Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter issued by

the competent authority or any other evidence

demonstrating the non-applicability of Article 24 -

Limitation of Relief under India-Singapore Double

Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA).

The Company is not obligated to apply the beneficial

DTAA rates at the time of tax deduction on dividend

amounts. Application of beneficial DTAA rate shall

depend upon the completeness and satisfactory review

by the Company, of the documents submitted by non-

resident shareholders and meeting requirement of the

IT Act read with applicable tax treaty.

393

392

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7. Notice of AGM

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote,

to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to bhaskar@hotmail.com

with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website

will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key

in the correct password. In such an event, you will need

to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on

http://www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-voting user manual for Shareholders available

at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.

com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800

224 430 or send a request to Mr. Sanjeev Yadav at

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Process for those shareholders whose e-mail id’s are

not registered with the depositories for procuring

user id and password and registration of e-mail id’s

for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please

provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned

copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN

(self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR

(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by

email to upl.investors@upl-ltd.com

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please

provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16

digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy

of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-

attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR

(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to upl.

investors@upl-ltd.com. If you are an Individual

shareholder holding securities in demat mode,

399

398

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7. Notice of AGM

UPL Limited Annual Report 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

