Dear Stakeholders,

2021-22 was another year of rapid change for the pharma

industry and the world. The pandemic continues to disrupt

care for patients across the spectrum of diseases apart

from COVID-19, that requires healthcare systems to adapt

and scale much quicker than earlier to cope with COVID-19

while caring for patients with chronic diseases. Through the

challenges ahead, there are reasons to be optimistic about

a healthier future which is within our grasp – the ways our

industry has brought to this crisis the power of technology

and shown once again the extraordinary ability of science to

overcome humanity’s greatest tests.

During the year, we invested significantly in capacity creation,

built new partnerships in CDMO and steadily delivered on

diversification of revenues along with our R&D capabilities

with minimal supply chain impact. We also successfully

forayed into disruptive CAR-T technology by investing in

Immuno Act for a substantial minority stake. This investment

should significantly help in bringing innovative and more

affordable medicines. The investment in ImmunoACT is part

of the larger strategy to strengthen the biologics business,

and this provides access and entry into an emerging

field of research.

Enduring faith in our abilities

CEO’s message

We have emerged as one

of the leading pharma

companies on the back

of expansive product

portfolio spanning multiple

therapeutic areas.

Dr. Satyanarayana Chava

Chief Executive Officer

LAURUS LABS LIMITED

12

Annual Report 2021-22

YEAR IN REVIEW:

Managing Director) will be within the scale approved by

the shareholders. The elements of the total compensation,

approved by the Compensation Committee will be within

the overall limits specified under the Act.

• The Company’s total compensation for Directors and Key

Managerial Personnel as defined under the Act/other

employees will consist of:

− fixed compensation

− variable compensation in the form of annual incentive

− benefits

− work related facilities and, perquisites

Changes made to the policy: Nil

The Nomination and Remuneration Policy is placed on the

Company’s website and the following is web address of the

said policy.

https://www.lauruslabs.com/Investors/PDF/Policies/

Remuneration_Policy.pdf

Dividend Distribution Policy:

The web link of the Dividend Distribution Policy has been

provided below for the perusal of the shareholders.

https://www.lauruslabs.com/Investors/PDF/Policies/Dividend_

Policy.pdf

Risk Management:

Your Company had formulated a risk management policy

for dealing with different kinds of risks that it faces in the

day-to-day operations of the Company. Risk Management

Policy of the Company outlines different kinds of risks and

risk mitigating measures to be adopted by the Board. The

Company has adequate internal financial control systems

and procedures to mitigate the risk. The risk management

procedure is reviewed by the Risk Management Committee

and Board of Directors on a regular basis at the time of review

of quarterly financial results of the Company. Further, your

Company had constituted a Risk Management Committee

which lays down various risk mitigating practices that your

Company is required to implement in the Company.

Adequacy of Internal Financial Controls:

The internal financial controls with reference to the Financial

Statements, apart from statutory audit, internal audit and

cost compliance, are adequate to the size and operations of

the Company.

Directors’ Responsibility Statement:

In terms of Section 134(3)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, the

Board of Directors of the Company states that:

(a)

in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable

accounting standards had been followed along with

proper explanation relating to material departures;

(b)

the directors had selected such accounting policies and

applied them consistently and made judgements and

estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give

a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company

at the end of the financial year and of the profit and loss

of the Company for that period;

LAURUS LABS LIMITED

STATUTORY REPORTS

53

Annual Report 2021-22:

letter of even date which is annexed

as Annexure and forms part of this report.

LAURUS LABS LIMITED

STATUTORY REPORTS

60

Annual Report 2021-22:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial records is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in Secretarial records. We believe that the process

and practices followed by us provide a reasonable basis for

our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representations about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.,

5.

The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited

to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the

affairs of the Company.

For RPR & ASSOCIATES

Company Secretaries

Y. Ravi Prasada Reddy

Proprietor

Place: Hyderabad

FCS No. 5783, C P No. 5360

Date: April 28, 2022

UDIN: F005783D000229853

LAURUS LABS LIMITED

STATUTORY REPORTS

61

Annual Report 2021-22:

Managing Director

Nil

April 6, 2018

6

Harmony Ventures

Partner

10%

September 11, 2015

7

Newage Advisors

Managing Partner

90%

July 21, 2021

8

Practwise Consulting Private Limited

Member

49%

November 11, 2021

CIN: U72900TG2021PTC156870

LAURUS LABS LIMITED

STATUTORY REPORTS

70

Annual Report 2021-22:

Managing Director

More than 2%*

January 2, 2005

7.

Global Hospitals Private Limited

CIN: U85110TG1996PTC025213: Managing

letter of credit and bank guarantees.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

177

Annual Report 2021-22

LAURUS LABS LIMITED:

letter

etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorised

signatory(ies) who are authorised to vote, to the Scrutiniser

by e-mail to yravifcs@gmail.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

(ii)

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will

be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the

correct password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical

User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.

com to reset the password.

(iii) In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual

for Shareholders available at the download section of www.

evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and

1800 22 44 30 or send a request by e-mail to evoting@nsdl.

co.in

10. Process for those shareholders whose e-mail ids are not

registered with the depositories for procuring user id

and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting

for the resolutions set out in this notice:

(i)

In case shares are held in physical mode please provide

Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the

share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested

scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested

scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by e-mail to secretarial@

lauruslabs.com and evoting@nsdl.co.in.

(ii)

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide

DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary

ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated

Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned

copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned

copy of Aadhar Card) to secretarial@lauruslabs.

com and evoting@nsdl.co.in. If you are an Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you

are requested to refer to the login method explained

at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and

joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode.

(iii) Alternatively shareholder/members may send a

request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user

id and password for e-voting by providing above

mentioned documents.

LAURUS LABS LIMITED

NOTICE

213

Annual Report 2021-22:

