Managing Director of the Company

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following

resolution with or without modification(s), as an Ordinary

Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections

2(51), 2(54), 196, 203, Schedule V and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”),

applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including

any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof

for the time being in force), relevant provisions of

Articles of Association of the Company and based on

the recommendation of Nomination & Remuneration

Committee (“NRC”) and the Board of Directors of the

Company (hereinafter referred to as “the Board” which

term shall be deemed to include, unless the context

otherwise requires, any Committees of the Board for

this purpose to exercise the powers conferred on the

Board under this resolution), consent of the members of

the Company be and is hereby accorded to re-appoint

Mr. Abhay Soi (DIN: 00203597) as the Chairman and: Managing Director (“CMD”) of the Company, who shall

not be liable to retire by rotation, for a further period

of 5 (five) years with effect from June 19, 2023 on such

terms and conditions as mentioned in his employment

agreement or any amendment thereto.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby

authorized to undertake all such acts, deeds, matters,

and things and to execute all such deeds, documents,

and writing including any modifications thereof as may

be deemed necessary, proper, desirable and expedient

in its absolute discretion, for the purpose of giving effect

to this resolution and to settle any question, difficulty,

or doubt that may arise in this regard including but not

limited to delegation of all or any of the powers conferred

on it by or under this resolution to any Committee of

Directors of the Company or Officer(s) of the Company

in order to give effect to this resolution.”

7.

Payment of remuneration to Mr. Abhay Soi (DIN-

00203597) on re-appointment as

Managing Director (CMD) of the Company

w.e.f. June 19, 2023:

(i)

Annual

Remuneration:

In

consideration

of

performance of his duties, Mr. Abhay Soi shall be

entitled to receive an annual fixed remuneration

of INR 21.30 Crore (Indian Rupees Twenty One

Crore Thirty Lakh) effective from June 19, 2023

(“Annual Fixed Remuneration”), which shall be paid

by the Company to Mr. Abhay Soi in equal monthly

installments (pro-rated for any partial month of

employment) at the end of each calendar month.

He shall also be eligible to annual increments in

accordance with the Company’s policy. It is clarified

that till June 18, 2023, Mr. Abhay Soi shall continue

to receive the same remuneration as payable under

the MD Employment Agreement dated July 13,

2020 (“MD Employment Agreement”).

(ii)

Variable Pay: In addition, he shall be entitled

to a Variable Pay upto 36% of Annual Fixed

Remuneration for the relevant financial year as

determined by the NRC, based on his performance

rating in accordance with the Company’s policy (as

may be applicable from time to time).

(iii) Other benefits / perquisites: Mr. Abhay Soi shall

be entitled to receive the following perquisites /

benefits:

(a) 1 (one) car (or any replacement thereof) each

in Delhi and Mumbai with driver(s), the entire

expenditure of which shall be borne by the

Company;

(b) Provision of telecommunication facilities at

the residences of Mr. Abhay Soi as may be

necessary to discharge his duties towards the

Company;

(c) Leave and leave encashment as per the

applicable rules framed by the Company;

(d) A medical insurance policy of INR 2,00,00,000

(Indian Rupees Two Crore Only) per annum

or as per industry standards for Mr. Abhay Soi

and his immediate family;

(e) Allowance of INR 30,00,000 (Indian Rupees

Thirty Lakh) per annum towards membership

of club(s) that Mr. Abhay Soi elects. The

club membership shall be used primarily for

business purposes; and

(f)

Allowance for membership of business and

leadership organizations/ associations etc.

(other than allowance mentioned in (e) above).

The Annual Remuneration and perquisites

payable to Mr. Abhay Soi shall be subject to: (a)

Applicable Laws including the provisions of the

Act; and/ or (b) any withholding taxes required

to be deducted at source by the Company as

per Indian Income Tax Act, 1961.

(iv) Reimbursement: The Company shall continue

to reimburse all expenses incurred by Mr. Abhay

Soi on actual basis for performing his duties and

responsibilities as CMD for and on behalf of the

Company, including reimbursement of cost incurred

for setting up a home office, business entertainment

expenses and expenses incurred for business travel

in terms of Company’s policy.

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby

authorized to regulate the payment of remuneration to

Mr. Abhay Soi, within the aforesaid limits, from time to

time.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the terms and conditions

of re-appointment of Mr. Abhay Soi shall be governed

by the MD Employment Agreement and/or amendments

thereto and all personnel policies of the Company

and the related Rules which are applicable to other

employees of the Company shall also be applicable to

him, unless specifically provided otherwise.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby

authorized to undertake all such acts, deeds, matters, and

things as may be deemed necessary, proper, desirable

and expedient in its absolute discretion, for the purpose

of giving effect to this resolution and to settle any

question, difficulty, or doubt that may arise in this regard

including but not limited to delegation of all or any of

the powers conferred on it by or under this resolution to

any Committee of Directors of the Company in order to

give effect to this resolution and any one of the Director

be and is hereby authorized to execute all such deeds,

documents, and writing including any modifications

thereof.”

8.

Appointment of Mr. Pranav Amin (DIN-00245099) as

Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following

resolution with or without modification(s), as a Special

Resolution::

letter of credit,

loans, debentures, bonds or otherwise and whether

unsecured or secured notwithstanding that the moneys

to be borrowed together with the moneys already

borrowed by the Company (apart from the temporary

loans obtained from the Company’s Bankers in the

ordinary course of business or as permitted, from time to

time, under the applicable laws) will or may exceed the

aggregate of paid-up share capital, free reserves and

securities premium of the Company, subject however

that the total amount up to which the money may be

borrowed as above by the Board and outstanding at any

point of time shall not exceed a sum of INR 1,000 Crore

(Indian Rupees One Thousand Crore only) over and

above the limit of paid-up share capital, free reserves

and securities premium account of the Company as

prescribed under Section 180(1)(c) of the Act or as

amended from time to time.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be

and is hereby authorized to take all such steps as may

be necessary, proper and expedient to give effect to this

Resolution.”

14. Revise limit under Section 180(1)(a) of the Companies

Act, 2013, for creation of charge on the assets of the

Company, both present and future, in respect of its

borrowings

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following

resolution with or without modification(s), as a Special

Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT in supersession of earlier resolution

passed by the members of the Company at its Extra-

ordinary General Meeting held on February 25, 2020

and pursuant to the provisions of Section 180 (1)(a) and

other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act,

2013 (“the Act”) read with rules made thereunder and all

other applicable provisions, if any, of any other law for the

time being in force (including any statutory modification:

letter/power of attorney

etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized representative(s) in PDF format in the ‘Custodian/

Mutual Fund/Corporate Body’ login for the Scrutinizer to

verify the same.

If Members holding securities in demat mode with NSDL/

CDSL have forgotten the password:

• Shareholders/members who are unable to retrieve User

ID/Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget

Password option available at abovementioned depository/

depository participants’ website.:

Managing Director or any person duly authorized by

him on this behalf, after the AGM within the prescribed

time limits. The resolutions shall be deemed to be passed

on the AGM date subject to receipt of the requisite

number of votes in favor of the resolutions.

10. The results declared along with the scrutinizer’s report

shall be placed on the Company’s website www.

maxhealthcare.in and on the website of LIIPL besides

communicated to BSE and NSE accordingly.

Important instruction for shareholders whose shares are

lying with the Company in “Max Healthcare Institute Ltd-

Physical Share Holders Demat Account”

Pursuant to the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation

and Arrangement amongst erstwhile Max India Limited

(“Erstwhile Max India”), Max Healthcare Institute Limited

(“Max Healthcare”/ “the Company”), Radiant Life Care Private

Limited and Advaita Allied Health Services Limited (“formerly

known as Advaita”/ presently known as Max India Limited) and

their respective shareholders and Creditors (“Scheme”), on

June 19, 2022, the Company issued and allotted Equity Shares

to all the eligible shareholders (holding shares both in physical

and Demat form) of Erstwhile Max India on the Record Date in

Demat form. Further, in respect of those shareholders who

were holding shares in Erstwhile Max India in physical form

as on Record Date, the Company has credited these shares in

the Max Healthcare Institute Limited- Physical Shareholders’

Demat Account of the Company.

SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_ RTAMB/P/

CIR/2021/655, dated 3rd November, 2021, clarification vide

circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/ MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/687,

dated 14th December, 2021 and circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/

MIRSD_ RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated 25th January, 2022

has simplified the process for investor service requests.

Accordingly, the companies shall process the following

service requests viz. issue of duplicate securities certificate;

renewal/exchange of securities certificate; endorsement; sub-

division / splitting of securities certificate; consolidation of

securities certificates/ folios; transmission and transposition in

dematerialized form only.

As per the above SEBI Circular, the Company/ RTA can

entertain a shareholder’s service request only upon the

provision of PAN, KYC details and nomination information.

Any folios for which PAN, KYC and nomination details are

missing on or after 1st April, 2023, shall be frozen and will be

ineligible for lodging a grievance/service request. Such folios

will also not be eligible for receipt of any payment, including

dividends, through the physical mode. Folios remaining

frozen till 31st December, 2025 will be referred by the RTA/

the Company to the administering authority under the Benami

Transactions (Prohibitions) Act, 1988 and/or Prevention of

Money Laundering Act, 2002.

In view of the above, the members of the Company who

have not opened their Demat account and whose shares are

lying in “Max Healthcare Institute Ltd-Physical Share Holders

Demat Account” are advised to open their Demat Account to

claim their shares lying in the aforesaid Demat Account of the

Company. The members are requested to follow the process

as intimated by the Company/ RTA from time to time and can

contact the Company or RTA, for any assistance in this regard.:

letter dated August 29, 2022, has informed the Company that

he has decided not to offer himself for re-appointment and

hence, will retire at the AGM, and thus the Board has resolved,

subject to approval of shareholders, that the vacancy in

the Board so created shall be filled by appointment of Mr.

Anil Bhatnagar. Therefore, it is proposed to appoint Mr. Anil

Bhatnagar as the Non-Executive Non-Independent Director,

liable to retire by rotation. The Company is in the process

to induct more Non-Executive Director(s), liable to retire by

rotation, on its Board in due course.

Proviso to Section 197(1) of the Act inter-alia provides that

except with the approval of the Company in general meeting

by a special resolution, the remuneration payable to directors

who are neither managing directors nor whole-time directors

shall not exceed one percent of the net profits of the company,

if there is a managing or whole-time director or manager.

Further, Section 197(6) of the Act provides that a director or

manager may be paid remuneration either by way of a monthly

payment or at a specified percentage of the net profits of the

company or partly by one way and partly by the other.

Basis approval accorded by the Board of Directors and as

recommended by NRC, Mr. Bhatnagar will be entitled for

payment of sitting fee of INR 1 Lakh (Indian Rupees One

Lakh) for attending each meeting of Board and Committee(s)

as may be inducted from time to time, and proposed to pay

remuneration of INR 26 Lakh (Indian Rupees Twenty Six

Lakh) per annum w.e.f. October 1, 2022, subject to approval

of members in this AGM in terms of applicable provisions of

Section 197, 198 of the Act read with rules made thereunder

and Schedule thereto and Listing Regulations.

Accordingly, based on recommendation by the NRC, the Board

recommends the resolutions as set out at item No. 3 and 4

of this notice for approval by the members as an Ordinary

Resolution and Special Resolution, respectively.

Except Mr. Anil Bhatnagar being proposed appointee, Mr.

Abhay Soi (Promoter-Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

(“CMD”) of the Company for a period of three years with effect

from June 19, 2020 and the same was also approved by the

shareholders on July 30, 2020. Therefore, Mr. Soi’s present

term of office is going to expire on June 18, 2023.

As per proviso to Section 196(2) of the Companies Act, 2013

(“the Act”), no re-appointment of: Managing

Managing Director of the

Company. He is neither disqualified from being appointed as

Director in terms of provisions of the Act nor debarred from

being appointed to the office of Director by virtue of any order

of SEBI or any such other authority.

Other relevant details of Mr. Abhay Soi as required under

Regulation 36 of Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standards

on General Meetings (SS-2) is provided under Annexure-1 to

this Notice. Further, the information as required to be disclosed

under paragraph (iv) of the second proviso of Paragraph B of

Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Act also forms part of

this Notice.

The Company has not defaulted in payment of dues to

any bank or public financial institution or non-convertible

debenture holders or other secured creditor, if any.

Accordingly, the Board recommends the (a) re-appointment

of Mr. Soi as CMD for a further period of 5 (five) years w.e.f.

June 19, 2023 and (b) payment of remuneration to him for a

period of 3 (three) years w.e.f. June 19, 2023, for the approval

of members of the Company as Ordinary Resolution at item

no. 6 and Special Resolution at item no. 7 respectively.

Except Mr. Abhay Soi, being CMD, Promoter and Shareholder

to the extent of his shareholding in the Company, Mr. Anil

Bhatnagar relative of Mr. Abhay Soi, none of the other

Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company and their relatives, are concerned or interested,

financial or otherwise, in the resolutions set out at item no. 6

and 7.

Item No. 8 & 9

The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of Nomination

& Remuneration Committee (“NRC”), has appointed Mr. Pranav

Amin as an Additional Director (Non-Executive Independent)

and recommended his appointment as a Non-Executive

Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by

rotation, for a term of five consecutive years commencing from

August 10, 2022 to August 09, 2027, subject to the approval of

Members in this AGM.

In terms of Section 161 of the Act, Mr. Pranav Amin, being

appointed as an Additional Director, is entitled to hold office

only up to the date of this AGM and is eligible for appointment

as a Director. Regulation 23(2A) of Listing Regulations

prescribes that The appointment, re-appointment or removal

of an independent director of a listed entity, shall be subject

to the approval of shareholders by way of a special resolution.

The Company has received a notice under Section 160 of the

Act from a member of the Company proposing his candidature

as a Director. Since Mr. Amin is the: Managing

Managing Director of Alembic, part of the

Alembic Group established in 1907 in Vadodara, India, involved

in manufacture of pharmaceutical products, pharmaceutical

substances and intermediates. He is also Chairman of Rhizen

Therapeutics S.A, a biopharmaceutical company focused on

discovery and development of innovative, small molecule

drugs for the treatment of cancer, inflammation, autoimmune

diseases and metabolic disorders.

Mr. Amin attended the Doon School, Dehradun, where he had

his formative education. He graduated with a double major

in Economics and Industrial Management from the Carnegie

Mellon University in Pittsburgh, USA. He also holds an MBA

degree in International Management from Thunderbird, The

American Graduate School of International Management.

His expertise is to lead enterprise through empowerment,

involvement and autonomy. He actively practices Listening

- Sensing - Observing to bring creative ideas to fruition. Mr.

Amin is an active member of Young Presidents Organization,

a worldwide organization of chief executives. He is a keen

cricketer and President of Baroda Cricket Association, which

is an affiliate member of the Board of Control for Cricket in

India.

He is also closely involved in charitable activities of Alembic

Group, as a way to give back to the Society. He is a trustee of

Uday Education Society, which runs four schools in Vadodara

and also a trustee of Bhailal Amin General Hospital.

Brief profile of Mr. Amin is also available on the website of the

Company i.e. www.maxhealthcare.in/investors.

In the opinion of the Board, he fulfills the conditions specified

in the said Act and is independent to the Management. Further,

he possesses appropriate skills, experience, expertise,

knowledge and the Company would be immensely benefitted

from his entrepreneurship skills and interest in philanthropic

activities. Further, the role and capabilities as required in the

case of an independent director along with defined list of

core skills/expertise/ competencies etc., in the context of its

business and sector for it to function effectively have also been

well defined. The NRC of the Board has evaluated the profile

of Mr. Amin and concluded that he possesses the relevant skill

and capabilities to discharge the role of Independent Director.

It is proposed that Mr. Pranav Amin be appointed as an

Independent Director, not liable to retire by rotation, of the

Company for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years i.e. from

August 10, 2022 to August 9, 2027. The members may also

kindly note that, based on the approval accorded by the

Board of Directors and recommended by NRC, Mr. Amin

would be entitled for sitting fee of INR 1 Lakh for attending

each meeting of Board and Committee(s) as may be inducted

from time to time and proposed to pay remuneration of INR 26

Lakh per annum w.e.f. October 01, 2022, subject to approval

of members at the ensuing AGM, in line with the approval

accorded by the shareholders of the Company at its last AGM

held on September 29, 2021 to all Independent Directors

continuing at that time.

A copy of the: letter of appointment of Mr. Pranav Amin setting

out the terms and conditions of appointment is available for

inspection up to the date of AGM electronically and will also

be available for inspection during the AGM. A brief profile of Mr.

Pranav Amin is also available on the website of the Company i.e.

www.maxhealthcare.in/investors.

Other relevant details of Mr. Pranav Amin as required under

Regulation 36 of Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standards

on General Meetings (SS-2) is provided under Annexure-1 to

this Notice.

The Board recommends the resolutions as set out at Item No.

8 and 9 of this Notice for approval by the Members as Ordinary

Resolution and Special Resolution, respectively.

Except Mr. Pranav Amin being a proposed appointee, none of

the other

Managing Director

Original

date

of

Appointment

Appointed

as

Non-Executive

Chairman w.e.f. June 21, 2019

and then Chairman & Managing

Director for a period of 3 (three)

years w.e.f. June 19, 2020

Appointed as an Additional

Director

(Non-Executive

Independent) on August 10,

2022 and entitled to hold office

up to the date of ensuing AGM

Appointed as an Additional

Director (Non-Executive Non

Independent)

on

August

31, 2022 and entitled to

hold office up to the date of

ensuing AGM

Expertise in specific

functional areas

Strategic

Management

in

Healthcare

Sector,

Financial

Restructuring

and

Business

Transformation

Management & Leadership

Litigation,

Arbitration

and

Contracts

Qualification

Bachelor’s degree in Arts from

the University of Delhi and

Master’s degree in business

administration from European

University

Graduate with double major

in Economics and Industrial

Management from the Carnegie

Mellon University in Pittsburgh,

USA and MBA in International

Management from Thunderbird,

The American Graduate School

of International Management

Bachelor’s degree in Science

from the University of Delhi

and Bachelor of Laws degree

from the Faculty of Law,

University of Delhi.

Terms and

conditions of

Appointment/re-

appointment along

with remuneration

details

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director’s Statement

Who we are

Max Hospital Network

Our Strengths

Our Journey

Safe Harbour Statement

Some information in this Annual Report may contain

forwardlooking statements which include statements

regarding the Company’s expected ﬁnancial

position and results of operations, business plans

and prospects etc. and are generally identiﬁed by

forward-looking words such as “believe,” “plan,”

“anticipate,” “continue,” “estimate,” “expect,” “may,”

“will” or other similar words. Forward-looking

statements are dependent on assumptions or basis

underlying such statements. We have chosen these

assumptions or basis in good faith, and we believe

that they are reasonable in all material respects.

However, we caution that actual results, performances

expressed or implied in such forward-looking

statements. We undertake no obligation to update or

revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a

result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

Further, the data in this report, other than the audited

ﬁnancials, contain that of Partner Healthcare Facilities.

SERVICE

Pandemic Response

Advanced Instrumentation

Digitisation and Automation Initiatives

Max R&D

Patient Experience

Nursing Initiatives

Educational Initiatives

SUSTAINABILITY

Our ESG philosophy

Environment

Social

Governance

Expanding Community

Engagement and Outreach

Investing in people-L&D

Employee

Engagement Initiatives

PERFORMANCE

Key Performance Indicators

Business Review

Expanding our Horizon

Driving Clinical Excellence

Allied Business

Board of Directors

Management Team

Awards and Recognition

STATUTORY REPORTS

Management Discussion and Analysis

Directors' Report

Corporate Governance Report

Business Responsibility Report

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Standalone Financial Statements

Consolidated Financial Statements

UNIQUE PATIENTS TREATED

LAKH+

COVID PATIENTS TREATED*

LAKH+

UNDERPRIVILEGED PATIENTS

TREATED FOR FREE

LAKH

HIGH INDEX JOURNAL RESEARCH

STUDENTS ENROLLED

IN VARIOUS COURSES

ONGOING FUNDED

CLINICAL STUDIES

OPERATING MARGIN

FREE MEDICAL TREATMENT

TO UNDERPRIVILEGED

CRORE

GROSS REVENUE

CRORE:

Managing Director’s Statement

Dear Members,

As I now reﬂect, it appears to me that

the past year can easily be divided into

two distinct parts with widely difering

challenges. At the beginning of the

year the second and more virulent

wave of COVID-19 wreaked havoc at

an unprecedented scale. Our hospitals

bore the brunt of the tsunami and

were inundated with acutely critical

patients seeking care and succour. A

few weeks later the advent of vaccines

helped us turn the tide. We aggressively

participated in the country-wide

vaccination drive, immunising millions of

citizens across the nation. The second

part of the year saw the COVID-19

infections abating and us pivoting

and embarking upon a journey of

investments, growth and improvements.

Battling COVID-19

The COVID-19 wave, which struck us

at the beginning of the ﬁnancial year

saw us swamped with highly infectious

patients. The wave was brutal and

devastating. We faced difculties

regarding critical beds, life-saving

oxygen and medicines. Our hospital

teams and healthcare workers combated

the disease with great courage and

tenacity in the face of immense

adversity. They worked day and night

without concern to their personal safety

to ensure the safety and well-being of

our patients. They did us proud.

Vaccinating India

The National Vaccination Drive

announced by the Prime Minister is

the world’s largest such initiative.

We enthusiastically participated

in this national endeavour. All our

hospitals created specialised zones for

vaccinations. In Delhi, we created the

country’s largest vaccination site with

a capacity to vaccinate 10,000 people

daily. The site, adjacent to the BLK-

Max Hospital was set up in less than

72 hours. We tied up with over 400

corporate clients for onsite vaccinations.

Our teams spread out across the

country and set up vaccination clinics

for clients in 52 cities. We worked

closely with city administrations and

local hospitals and spearheaded the

vaccination drive. Some of India’s best-

known companies trusted us with this

responsibility. These include the Tata

Group, Amazon, McKinsey, E&Y, Adobe,

Microsoft, Google, JP Morgan, HCL and

the Jubilant Group.

With the vaccination drive bearing

the desired results and the COVID-19

wave receding signiﬁcantly, the

hospital operations gradually returned

to normalcy and we shifted our focus

back to driving business growth and

supporting our clinicians with better

technologies, higher bed capacities

and ensuring environmentally

sustainable operations.

Medical technology to drive

growth

We sharpened our focus on investing

in high-end equipment to support our

clinical teams in delivering cutting-edge

healthcare. During the course of the

year, we enhanced our Robotic surgery

programme by adding the best-in-class

surgical Robotic systems in 8 of our

hospitals. We now have 11 Robotic

systems in the network. I believe that

with these investments we will be able

to sizably reduce the length of stay of

our patients and improve our clinical

outcomes. We also invested in state-of-

the-art Tomo-therapy machines thereby

enhancing our capabilities in treating

cancer patients. We understand that

the latest medical technologies bring

great beneﬁts to hospitals and patients

and we plan to continue to aggressively

invest in this area.

Enhancing capacities to fuel

growth

With a view to increasing bed capacity,

we made considerable investments in

the acquisition of land and operation

rights for new hospitals to come up in

the NCR. We acquired two plots of land

measuring 5.26 acres in Sector 56 and

6.12 acres in sector 53 in Gurugram from

Haryana Shehri Vikas Pradhikaran in an

open auction. We gained the O&M rights

to another large hospital in Dwarka,

South West Delhi, to be completed by

the start of the next FY. We also secured

the rights to manage and operate

another hospital to be built on a

3.5-acre plot adjacent to our hospitals in

Saket, South Delhi. To further enhance

our capacity in East Delhi we signed

a deﬁnitive agreement to acquire a

controlling stake in a tertiary care

hospital to come up on a plot located

close to our hospital in Patparganj

which has been reporting high levels of

occupancy. The Government of Punjab

has agreed to provide us additional

0.92 acres of land adjacent to our

network hospital for further expansion.

The expansion of the Shalimar Bagh

facility is presently underway and we

expect to add 96 beds by the end of the

current year. Similarly, at the Nanavati

Max Hospital, Mumbai we have laid the

foundation stone for the construction

of a new hospital complex adding 600

beds to the existing 350 beds in two

phases. Once completed this will make

it one of the largest private sector

hospitals in Western India.

Thus, we will be adding 2,800 beds in

the next 5 years.

Investing in digital technologies

for growth

We are a digital economy today, where

millions of Indians interact with their

varied service providers digitally every

day. I believe that a connected digital

ecosystem will transform how patients

interact with their healthcare providers

and usher in a new era of healthcare

for all. We made signiﬁcant investments

this year, in laying a strong foundation

for building a comprehensive digital

ecosystem, which will help us provide

a world-class digital experience to our

patients. The new digital system will be

patient-friendly and provide a hyper-

personalised and seamless access to all

our services. The app, when fully rolled

out, will tremendously empower our

patients and make them equal partners

with us in their care and well-being.

Innovating with research and

academics

Our continuous focus on Research and

Academics is driven by the desire to

make a positive impact in the world of

science and medicine. Our researchers

and clinicians published over 400

scientiﬁc papers in reputed national and

international scientiﬁc journals this year.

Out of these over 140 were published in

the last quarter itself.

There were nearly 100 ongoing clinical

trials, 11 research grants which were

awarded to clinicians and scientists at

Max Healthcare, at the end of FY 22.

This included 2 international grants,

NIHR in NCD & EUBREAST in Oncology.

We are accredited to run DNB

programmes in 35 specialties across

8 teaching hospitals in the network

and have ~ 400 DNB students enrolled

with us.

We have also recently entered into an

MoU with Ashoka University to build a

joint research programme on genome

analysis and data analytics including

AI, and ML that will aid deep learning of

various genetic and lifestyle diseases.

I am conﬁdent that our scientiﬁc

researchers and their teams will

continue to work on the frontiers of

science to make the world a better place

for all.

Aiming for environmentally

sustainable growth

While we aim for growth, we fully realise

that this has to be environmentally

sustainable. I would like to highlight the

remarkable progress we have made this

year in improving our ESG parameters.

Last year we published our ﬁrst ESG

report. We set out our ESG goals for

the next few years. These include

environmental parameters such as GHG

emissions from scope 1 and scope

2 sources, reducing waste generation,

reducing power consumption, reducing

freshwater consumption and increasing

the use of renewable energy as well

as setting up water recycling plants.

I am happy to report that through our

sustained eforts, the per bed energy

consumption came down from 94 KWH

in 2020 to 88 KWH in the last ﬁscal and

per bed fresh water consumption came

down from 1.26 KL/bed to 1.07 KL/bed.

These are but some of the highlights

of our sustainability achievements

last year.

Supporting local communities and

making their lives better

Healthcare organisations, by the

very nature of the work that they do,

have an immense societal impact. We

have continued to robustly support

communities around our hospitals.

Over the year, we treated over 2.95 lakh

people from underprivileged sections

of the community free of charge at

an aggregate level. We extended a

helping hand to over 80,000 people

through over 1,200 out-patient camps

organised in the communities. We are

always looking at ways to deepen our

engagement with the local communities

and make quality healthcare

more accessible.

Network ﬁnancial highlights

In spite of the disruptions caused by

COVID-19 in the earlier part of the

ﬁscal, we managed to deliver excellent

ﬁnancial performance for all our

stakeholders. The gross revenue grew

by 42% over FY 21 and closed at INR

5,509 Crore. The network operating

EBITDA grew by 118% and stood at

1,390 Crore. The operating margins

improved signiﬁcantly to 26.6% from

17.5% YoY. A large part of the free

cash ﬂow generated was re-invested

in growth initiatives and the balance

was used to bring down the net debt

which stood at INR 441 Crore at the end

of FY22.

The journey of growth ahead

We look at the current ﬁnancial year

(FY 23) as the year when we will be

laying a very strong foundation for our

future growth. The new beds will start

getting commissioned from the end of

the current FY and will gradually ramp

up over the next 5 years to 2,800 new

beds. These new beds, along with

the acquisition of synergistic assets,

will further fuel our pace of expansion

and operations.

We have made considerable progress in

the development of a consumer-facing

super-app, which will be launched in

the current ﬁnancial year. The app will

help us reach out to more patients in

diversiﬁed geographies. We will be

able to serve our patients better both in

the hospital as well as in the comfort of

their homes.

Our capital-light businesses of Homecare

and Retail Pathology Labs Max Lab

are on their growth trajectory to gain

meaningful scale this year.

With the COVID-19 travel restrictions

having been lifted, we also expect to

see the International medical value

travel bounce back to normalcy. We

have planned to open several ‘Patient

Assistance Centres’ to facilitate patients

from various countries around the globe

this year.

The ESG framework will grow deeper

roots within our organisation and

we expect to embed the culture

of ‘sustainable growth’ within

the organisation.

On the clinical side, we will continue to

add more clinical programmes and make

investments in the latest equipment.

We will also explore collaborations

with leading medical institutes across

the globe.

I am very grateful to our clinical teams

for their tremendous eforts in a very

challenging year. I would also like to

thank the board members for their

constant support and guidance as well as

all my colleagues in the leadership team

who have spared no efort in driving

progress in a very challenging year.

Regards,

Abhay Soi

Chairman and: Managing Director

I believe that a connected digital ecosystem will

transform how patients interact with their healthcare

providers and usher in a new era of healthcare for all.

Abhay Soi,

Managing Director, is responsible

for the implementation of business

responsibility policies. Our business

responsibility initiatives cover the areas

of ethics, transparency, accountability,

sustainable use of resources, with the

shared responsibility for the wellbeing

people throughout the network of

hospitals and other locations in India

and abroad. Further, we have an ethics,

bribery and anti-corruption policy

that extends to Max Healthcare, all its

subsidiaries, and all its related entities.

We have stringent policies benchmarked

with global best practices to maximise

stakeholder trust. These include

policies such as our Code of Conduct,

Nomination, Remuneration and Board

Diversity Policy, Whistle-Blower Policy,

Prevention of Insider Trading, Prevention

of Sexual Harassment at Workplace,

Code of Fair Disclosure for UPSI,

Corporate Social Responsibility Policy

and Risk Management Policy.

We ensure compliance with all

applicable regulations across multiple

locations through clearly deﬁned

processes. We utilise a compliance

tracking and reporting software

called Complinity, to track and

report compliance and escalate non-

compliances at yearly, half-yearly,

quarterly, and monthly timelines. As

a secondary control, our compliance

team, as part of our corporate legal

function, performs quarterly on-site

audits of all units and the corporate

ofce to identify non-compliance, and

to ensure appropriate management

reporting to the Board of Directors for a

clear oversight.

Max Healthcare is one of India's largest

private healthcare providers, and we

have a strategic focus on maintaining

a strong brand presence across social

media platforms. In terms of the use of

social media platforms, we have some

channels of communication positioned

as an informative content repository,

while other platforms are primarily

targeted towards reach and audience

engagement initiatives.

In order to ensure highest levels of

service quality and standards, we have

standardised protocols and clinical

practice guidelines for patient care and

safety in all patient care activities across

the network. These are evidence-

based and benchmarked with national

and international references. We

have several initiatives for enhancing

patient experience, such as the usage

of Patient Response Management

Tool to assess and address on-

ground patient experiences. Further,

we have developed and executed

marketing strategies geared towards

patient engagement and education.

We also developed a repository of

positive patient experience stories as a

testimony to our dedication for providing

world-class care. As of the end of

FY 2021-22, both our ofine and online

brand assets comply with statutory rules

and regulations.

The clinical and operational processes

and outcomes within the organisation

are monitored closely, and immediate

measures are taken as required. In

terms of technological interventions to

enhance product and service quality,

we use the Clinical Decision Support

System, which helps in rational use

of antibiotics, risk assessment of

patients and prescription of drug to

patients. We ensure that all medical

records are entered in Electronic

Health Records, with uniform access to

formulary, safety alerts, and an efcient

process management.

The cornerstones of good governance are ethics, integrity, and transparency.

Implementation of efective corporate governance is essential for our

strategic growth. As a responsible corporate citizen, we uphold our

governance frameworks, which allow us to take informed business decisions

that meet the needs of all stakeholders.

7 Board

Committees

One woman among

seven Directors on

the Board

Four out of seven

Independent Directors

on the Board

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

49

48

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

49

48

Annual Report 2021-22:

Managing Director

Abhay Soi is the Promoter, Chairman &: Managing Director of

Max Healthcare Institute Limited. He has been chief architect

of Max Healthcare’s amalgamation with Radiant Life Care in

FY 2020. Since then he has led a remarkable turnaround at

Max Healthcare, resulting the company achieving industry

leading performance.

Abhay spearheaded the COVID-19 initiative at Max which

resulted in treating more than 40,000 patients, administering

over 21,00,000 vaccination doses and conducting more than

10,55,000 RTPCR tests. During this time, he also worked

closely with various government departments and agencies

to coordinate response to COVID-19. He is also one of

the leading voices for private healthcare in India and is

regularly heard on national debates on issues facing private

healthcare providers.

He started his career with Arthur Andersen where he

was instrumental in setting up their ﬁnancial restructuring

business and subsequently led the ﬁnancial restructuring

services team at E&Y and KPMG where he established

various new practices. Thereafter, Mr. Soi also co-founded a

USD 350 million Special Situations Fund.

He is an MBA from European University, Belgium and a

Bachelor in Arts from St. Stephen's College, Delhi University.

Mr Soi was conferred with an honorary doctoral degree

(honoris causa) by Amity University for his immense

contributions to transform and improve the healthcare

system in India. He was awarded the EY Entrepreneur Of the

Year under the Business Transformation category, 2021.

Kummamuri Narasimha

Murthy

Non-Executive Independent Director

Mr. Kummamuri Narasimha Murthy is a Non-Executive

Independent Director of our Company. He was appointed on

the Board of our Company on August 26, 2009 and as Non-

Executive Independent Director from September 26, 2014.

He has been reappointed as Non-Executive Independent

Director for a second term of ﬁve consecutive years with

efect from September 26, 2019. Also, he is on the Board of

National Stock Exchange of India Limited, NELCO (A TATA

Enterprise), Max Life Insurance Company Ltd., Max Financial

Services Ltd. and Shivalik Small Finance Bank Ltd.

In the past, he was associated as a Director on the Board of

ONGC, IDBI Bank Ltd., LIC Housing Finance Ltd., UTI Bank

Ltd., (presently AXIS Bank), Member Board of Supervision

NABARD, Unit Trust of India (UTI), Inﬁniti Retail Limited (TATA

Croma), IFCI Ltd., STCI Finance Ltd., (formerly Securities

Trading Corporation of India Ltd.,), AP State Finance

Corporation, APIDC Ltd., etc., He was also associated as a

Member/

Managing Director of Alembic

Pharmaceuticals Limited, part of the Alembic Group

established in 1907 in Baroda, India. He is also the Chairman

of Rhizen Therapeutics S.A

Mr. Amin attended the Doon School, Dehradun, where he

had his formative education. He graduated with a double

major in Economics and Industrial Management from

the Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, USA. He

also holds an MBA degree in International Management

from Thunderbird, The American Graduate School of

International Management.

Mr. Amin is an active member of Young Presidents

Organisation, a worldwide organisation of chief executives.

He is a keen cricketer and President of Baroda Cricket

Association, which is an afliate member of the Board of

Control for Cricket in India.

Michael Thomas Neeb

Non-Executive Independent Director

Michael Thomas Neeb is a Non-Executive Independent

Director of our Company. He was appointed on the Board as

Non-Executive Independent Director from June 21, 2019.

He is an American businessman and has over 30 years of

experience in US and International healthcare markets.

Mr. Neeb worked for Hospital Corporation of America

(HCA) for 28 years, where he served in various CFO roles

and spent the ﬁnal 12 years as CEO of HCA’s International

Operations. HCA’s UK operations have been recognised for

their outstanding quality and attract patients from around the

globe for care.

He has also worked for accounting ﬁrms such as EY and

Arthur Anderson LLP. He is on the Board of Directors of

Evergreen Executive Advisors LLC, Telemetrix RPM, Inc.

and several not for proﬁt organisations. He has a Bachelor’s

degree in accounting from Baylor University and a Masters’

degree in business administration from the University

of Dallas.

Mr. Prashant Kumar, is a Non-Executive Non Independent

Director of our Company. He was appointed on the Board

on February 13, 2022 as a nominee of Kayak Investments

Holding Pte. Ltd.

Mr. Prashant Kumar is a: Managing

Managing Director

Dr. Sandeep Budhiraja

Group Medical Director

Umesh Gupta

Senior Director - HR & Chief People Ofcer

Yogesh Sareen

Senior Director and Chief Financial

Ofcer

Management Team

Vandana Pakle

Senior Director – Corporate Afairs

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

81

80

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

letter dated August 17, 2021 w.r.t. the

manner of achieving minimum public shareholding of 25%

of issued and paid up equity share capital, one of the

Promoters of the Company i.e. Kayak Investments Holding

Pte. Limited (“Kayak”) completed an open market sale

of 27,26,754 (Twenty Seven Lakh Twenty Six Thousand

Seven Hundred Fifty Four) equity shares on August 20,

2021, constituting 0.28% of the issued and paid-up equity

share capital of the Company at that time.

Consequent to open market sale as aforesaid, the

Company has complied with the MPS norms within the

prescribed timelines i.e. with efect from August 20, 2021.

As at the end of FY 21-22, the public shareholding in the

Company stood at 49.36%.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

105

104

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Managing Director), 2 (two) were Non-

Executive and Non-Independent Directors (nominated by

other Promoter i.e. Kayak) and 4 (four) were Non-Executive

Independent Directors (including one Woman Independent

Director).

Further, during FY 21- 22 and till date of this report, following

changes occurred in directorship of the Company, however, no

change occurred in Key Managerial Personnel positions:

•

Mr. Upendra Kumar Sinha (DIN: 00010336) has stepped

down from the position of Independent Director of the

Company with efect from May 20, 2021 and accepted a

more active advisory role in the Company with efect from

June 1, 2021 to help the Company / its subsidiaries in

strategic and regulatory afairs, in view of the unprecedented

challenging COVID-19 pandemic. Apart from this, there is

no other material reason for his resignation.

•

Ms. Harmeen Mehta (DIN: 02274379) was appointed as

an additional director (Non-Executive Independent) on the

Board of the Company with efect from May 24, 2021. Her

appointment as an Independent Woman Director was later

approved by the members of the Company at its Annual

General Meeting (“AGM”) held on September 29, 2021 for

a term of 5 (ﬁve) consecutive years, from the date of her

appointment on the Board of the Company i.e. May 24,

2021 to May 23, 2026.

•

Due to other commitments, Mr. Sanjay Omprakash Nayar

(DIN: 00002615), nominee of Kayak, stepped down from

the position of Non- Executive Non-Independent Director

of the Company w.e.f. closure of business hours on

February 12, 2022 and in his place, Mr. Prashant Kumar

(DIN: 08342577) was appointed as an additional director

(Non-Executive Non-Independent) on the Board of the

Company w.e.f. February 13, 2022.

•

Ms. Ananya Tripathi (DIN: 08102039) was liable to retire

by rotation at the last AGM held on September 29, 2021

and being eligible ofered herself for re-appointment.

Accordingly, Ms. Ananya Tripathi was re-appointed as

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company

at its last AGM. Subsequently, due to other commitments,

Ms. Ananya Tripathi, nominee of Kayak, resigned from the

position of Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of

the Company with efect from March 14, 2022 and in her

place, Mr. Gaurav Trehan (DIN:03467781) was nominated

and appointed as an additional director (Non-Executive

Non-Independent) on the Board of the Company with

efect from March 15, 2022.

•

In terms of Regulation 17(1C) of Listing Regulations,

appointment of Mr. Prashant Kumar and Mr. Gaurav Trehan

(nominees of Kayak) as Non-Executive Non-Independent

Directors were approved by the members by passing

resolutions through postal ballot on May 05, 2022.

•

Further, in terms of the provisions of Section 152 of the

Act, Mr. Prashant Kumar, Non-Executive Non-Independent

Director of the Company, is liable to retire by rotation at

the ensuing AGM of the Company. Being eligible, he has

ofered himself for re-appointment. The Board members

recommends his appointment at the ensuing AGM for due

consideration and approval of members of the Company.

All Directors of the Company have provided declarations to

the fact that they are not debarred from holding the ofce of

Director by virtue of any SEBI order or any other Statutory

Authority as required under the Circular dated June 20, 2018

issued by BSE and NSE.

The Board is of the opinion that independent directors as well

as the director(s) proposed to be appointed/re-appointed,

possess the requisite qualiﬁcations, experience and expertise

and hold high standards of integrity, which are beneﬁcial to the

Company and its stakeholders. The list of key skills, expertise

and core competencies of the Board is provided in the CG

Report which forms an integral part of this Annual Report.

The disclosures with regard to resignation, appointment and

re-appointment of Directors are available on the website

viz.

https://www.maxhealthcare.in/investors/

corporate-

governance.

As on March 31, 2022, Mr. Abhay Soi, Chairman and Managing

Director (DIN: 00203597), Mr. Yogesh Kumar Sareen, Senior

Director & Chief Financial Ofcer and Ms. Ruchi Mahajan,

SVP-Company Secretary & Compliance Ofcer are the Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company in accordance with

Section 2(51) and 203 of the Act read with the Companies

(Appointment & Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Rules, 2014.

Further, apart from the above stated facts, there was no change

in composition of the Board of Directors.

DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS OF

THE COMPANY

Pursuant to provisions of Section 149 of the Act, all independent

directors of the Company have submitted declarations that

they are meeting the criteria of independence as provided in

Section 149(6) of the Act along with Rules framed thereunder

and Regulation 16(1)(b) and 25(8) of the Listing Regulations.

They are also in compliance with Rule 6(1) and (2) of the

Companies (Appointment & Qualiﬁcations of Directors) Rules,

2014. Further, there has been no change in the circumstances

afecting their status as independent directors of the Company.

MEETINGS OF THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES

The Board meets at least four times in a year, within a maximum

time gap of 120 days between any two meetings, to discuss

and review the quarterly results and other items of agenda,

including the minimum information required to be placed

before the Board, as per Part-A of Schedule II of the Listing

Regulations. The dates for the Board and Committee Meetings

are generally decided in advance and communicated to the

directors in timely manner. The Board also meet and conduct

additional meetings as and when required and thought ﬁt.

The Management discuss the items to be included in the

Board/Committee(s) agenda. The agenda of the meeting along

with relevant supporting documents and explanatory notes is

generally circulated in advance to all the Directors entitled to

receive the same, to facilitate meaningful and quality discussions

during the meeting. Where it is not practicable to attach any

document to the agenda, it is tabled during the meeting with

speciﬁc reference to this efect in the agenda. In case the

detailed agenda is shared in less than seven days before the

date of meeting, the agenda is taken up with the permission of

Chairman of the meeting and with the consent of majority of the

Board/Committee members present in the Meeting, including

independent director(s). The Senior Management Ofcials are

also invited to various Board / Committee meetings to provide

additional input on the matters being discussed by the Board

and its Committees.

As required under the Act and Listing Regulations, the Board

has constituted ﬁve statutory committees viz. Stakeholders’

Relationship Committee, Audit and Risk Committee (“A&RC”),

Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”), Corporate

Social Responsibility Committee ("CSR") and Business

Responsibility and Sustainability Committee (“BRSC”) and

the details of membership and key terms of reference of the

Committees are disclosed in CG Report which forms an integral

part of this Annual Report. Further, in line with the requirements

as prescribed under Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations,

the Board has designated A&RC as the Committee for Risk

Management since the Company is placed under the list of top

1,000 Companies basis market capitalisation data released by

NSE and BSE as on March 31, 2021.

Keeping in view the requirements of the Act and Listing

Regulations, as amended from time to time, the Board reviews

the terms of reference of these Committees and the nomination

of Board Members to various Committees as and when required.

The recommendations of these Committees are submitted to

the Board for approval, wherever applicable.

The details of meetings of Board and Committee(s) and

changes in composition of the Committee(s) during the FY 21-

22 have been provided under the CG Report forming part of

this Annual report.

NOMINATION,

REMUNERATION

AND

BOARD

DIVERSITY POLICY

Pursuant to applicable provisions of the Act and Listing

Regulations, NRC has formulated a Nomination, Remuneration

and Board Diversity Policy for the appointment and

determination of remuneration of Directors, KMPs, Senior

Management and other employees of the Company and to

ensure diversity at the Board level.

The NRC has also developed the criteria for inter-alia

determining

the

qualiﬁcations,

positive

attributes

and

independence of Directors. It takes into consideration the best

remuneration practices in the industry while ﬁxing appropriate

remuneration packages.

The Board members afrm that the remuneration paid to the

Directors, KMPs, Senior Management and other employees

is as per the Nomination, Remuneration and Board Diversity

Policy of the Company.

In compliance with the Listing Regulations, the Company

updates its Nomination, Remuneration and Board Diversity

Policy from time to time as and when required, and no change

was carried out in aforesaid policy during FY 21-22. The policy

is available and can be accessed from the website viz. https://

www.maxhealthcare.in/investors/corporate-governance.

The salient features of the Nomination, Remuneration and

Board Diversity Policy are as under:

•

Represents the approach of the Company for remuneration

of Directors, Senior Management and other employees;

•

Sets out the approach to have a diversity on the Board of

the Company in terms of gender, age, cultural, educational

background, profession, experience, skills, knowledge etc.;

•

Compensation of Directors, KMPs, Senior Management

and other employees is based on the following principles:

a.

Aligning key executive and Board remuneration

with the long-term interests of the Company and

its shareholders;

b.

Minimising complexity and ensuring transparency;

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

111

110

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Managing Director of the Company has not

received any remuneration or commission from any of its

subsidiaries during the year under review. As on March 31,

2022, there is no other Whole-time Director appointed/holding

ofce in the Company.

Further, neither any application was made or any proceeding

is pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016

nor any settlement has been done with banks or ﬁnancial

institutions, during the year under review.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

Your Directors acknowledge with gratitude the co-operation

and assistance received from the Central Government,

State Governments and all other Government agencies and

encouragement they have extended to the Company.

Your Directors also thank the Shareholders, Financial

Institutions,

Banks/other

Lenders,

Vendors

and

other

Stakeholders for their conﬁdence in the Company and its

Management and look forward for their continuous support.

Your Directors also take this opportunity to extend a special

thanks to the medical fraternity for their continued cooperation,

patronage and trust reposed in the Company.

The Board wishes to place on record its appreciation for the

dedication and commitment of the Company’s employees at all

levels which has continued to be our major strength.

For and on behalf of the Board

Abhay Soi

Place: Mumbai

DIN: 00203597

Dated: May 25, 2022

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

119

118

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Managing Director

Ms. Harmeen Mehta

Non-Executive Independent Director

Mr. K Narasimha Murthy

Non-Executive Independent Director

Mr. Michael Thomas Neeb

Non-Executive Independent Director

Mr. Mahendra Gumanmalji Lodha

Non-Executive Independent Director

Mr. Upendra Kumar Sinha*

Non-Executive Independent Director

*Mr. Upendra Kumar Sinha resigned from the Board of the Company

•

Remuneration is the gross salary as per "Salary

•

Besides

Mr.

Abhay

Soi

(Chairman

&

Managing

Director), Non-Executive Independent Directors (viz.

Mr. Mahendra Gumanmalji Lodha, Mr. Michael Thomas

Neeb, Ms. Harmeen Mehta and Mr. Kummamuri

Narsimha Murthy) were paid sitting fee amounting to

Non-Executive

Independent

Directors

were

paid

•

Non-executive Non-Independent Directors were not

entitled for any fee/rem

•

Remuneration paid to Non-Executive Independent

Directors above in the table includes sitting fee and

The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director,

Sl.

No.

Name of the

director & KMP

Designation

% increase in

Remuneration

Mr. Abhay Soi

Chairman & Managing

Director (KMP)

Nil

Mr. Yogesh

Kumar Sareen

Senior Director and Chief

Ms. Ruchi

Mahajan

Senior Vice President-

Company Secretary and

Initially, Mr. Abhay Soi was appointed as Non-

Executive Chairman of the Company (retiring director)

was appointed as Chairman and: Managing Director

of three years on terms & conditions as approved

remuneration have been provided in the CG Report.

There has been no increase in his remuneration from

Since Non-Executive Independent Directors were

Board/Committee meetings and remuneration of INR

.

The percentage increase in median remuneration of

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of

(Four Thousand Four Hundred Sixty Four).

Average percentile increase already made in the

salaries of employees other than the managerial

personnel in the last ﬁnancial year and its comparison

with the percentile increase in the managerial

remuneration and justiﬁcation thereof and point

out if there are any exceptional circumstances for

increase in the managerial remuneration: During the

managerial personnel (i.e.

Managing Director

Annexure - 4

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

for the ﬁnancial year ended 31st March, 2022

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,

The Members

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

(L72200MH2001PLC322854)

401, 4th Floor, Man Excellenza,

S. V. Road, Vile Parle (West),

Mumbai, Maharashtra-400056

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance

of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good

corporate practices by Max Healthcare Institute Limited

(hereinafter called “the Company”). Secretarial Audit was

conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for

evaluating the corporate conducts / statutory compliances and

expressing our opinion thereon.

We report that-

a)

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on

our audit.

b)

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records.

The veriﬁcation was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reﬂected in secretarial records. We

believe that the processes and practices, we followed,

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

c)

We have not veriﬁed the correctness and appropriateness

of the ﬁnancial statements of the Company.

d)

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliances of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

e)

The compliance of the provisions of the corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulation, standards is the

responsibility of the management. Our examination was

limited to the veriﬁcation of procedures on test basis and

we adhered to best professional standards and practices

as could be possible while carrying out audit.

f)

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efcacy or

efectiveness with which the management has conducted

the afairs of the Company.

Based on our veriﬁcation of the Company’s books,

papers, minute books, forms and returns ﬁled and

other records maintained by the Company and also the

information provided by the Company, its ofcers, agents

and authorised representatives during the conduct of

Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that in our opinion,

the Company has, during the audit period covering the

ﬁnancial year ended on 31st March, 2022 (“Audit Period”)

complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder

and also that the Company has proper Board processes

and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the

manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books,

forms and returns ﬁled and other records maintained

by the Company for the Audit Period according to the

provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the rules

made thereunder;

(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956

(‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and

Bye-laws framed thereunder;

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and

the rules and regulations made thereunder to the

extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct

Investment and External Commercial Borrowings,

where applicable;

(v)

The following Regulations prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992

(‘SEBI Act’): -

(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and

Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2018 {Not applicable during the

audit period};

(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Share Based Employee Beneﬁts and Sweat

Equity) Regulations, 2021

(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities)

Regulations, 2021 {Not applicable during the

audit period};

(f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer

Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the

Companies Act and dealing with client;

(g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021

{Not applicable to the Company during the audit

period};

(h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 {Not

applicable to the Company during the audit

period}; and

(i)

The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations,

2015

(“LODR

Regulations”).

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

123

122

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Letter Amendment Agreement dated September 28, 2021 to

Post Merger SHA and other amendments following therefrom.

For Sanjay Grover & Associates

Company Secretaries

Firm Registration No.: P2001DE052900

Devesh Kumar Vasisht

Partner

Place: New Delhi

CP No.: 13700 / Mem. No. F8488

Dated: May 25, 2022

UDIN: F008488D000384842

Annexure - 4A

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

For the ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 2022

To

The Members

HOMETRAIL BUILDTECH PRIVATE LIMITED

CIN: U45400DL2008PTC176962

Registered Address: N-110, Panchsheel Park, New Delhi 110017

We report that

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance

of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good

corporate practices by Hometrail Buildtech Private Limited

(hereinafter called “the Company”) for the ﬁnancial year

ended March 31, 2022. Secretarial Audit was conducted in a

manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the

corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our

opinion thereon.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The

veriﬁcation was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reﬂected in secretarial records. We believe that the

processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion. We have not veriﬁed the correctness and

appropriateness of ﬁnancial records and Books of Accounts

of the Company. Where ever required, we have obtained the

Management representation about the compliance of laws,

rules and regulations and happening of events etc.

Due to the inherent limitations of an audit including internal,

ﬁnancial and operating controls, there is an unavoidable risk

that some Misstatements or material non-compliances may

not be detected, even though the audit is properly planned

and performed in accordance with the Secretarial Auditing

Standards as prescribed by Institute of Company Secretaries

of India (ICSI).

Based on our veriﬁcation of the Company’s books, papers,

minute books, forms and returns ﬁled and other records

maintained by the Company and also the information

provided by the Company, its ofcers, agents and authorised

representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, we

hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the

audit period covering the ﬁnancial year ended on 31st March,

2022 complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder

and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and

compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner

and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms

and returns ﬁled and other records maintained by the Company

for the ﬁnancial year ended on 31st March, 2022 (hereinafter

referred as “period under review”) according to the provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) and the rules

made thereunder;

(ii)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’)

and the rules made thereunder; (Not Applicable)

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-

laws framed thereunder to the extent of Regulation 76 of

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and

Participants) Regulations, 2018; (Applicable to the extent

of shares held in Dematerialised form)

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules

and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign

Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and

External Commercial Borrowings to the extent applicable;

(v)

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed

under the Securities and Exchange Board of India

Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’); To the extent applicable as the

Company is a material wholly-owned subsidiary of Max

Healthcare Institute Limited in terms of Regulation 16(1)(c)

of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015

(a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011;

(b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

(c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2018;

(d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share

Based Employee Beneﬁts and Sweat Equity)

Regulations, 2021 to the extent applicable and

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

employee Beneﬁts) Regulations, 2014 to the extent

applicable, prior to its repealment;

(e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and

Listing of convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021;

(f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)

Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and

dealing with client to the extent of securities issued;

(g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting

of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021;

(h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback

of Securities) Regulations, 2018;

(vi) The other laws, as informed and certiﬁed by the

management of the Company which are speciﬁcally

applicable to the Company based on their sector/

industry are:

(a)

Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 and Drugs and

Cosmetics Rules, 1945;

(b)

Atomic Energy Act, 1962 and Atomic Energy

(Radiation Protection) Rules, 2004 and Guidelines to

set up Nuclear Medicine Facility;

(c)

The Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic

Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act, 1994

and Rules made there under;

(d)

Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act, 1971 and

Rules made there under;

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

125

124

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure-A and forms an integral part of

this report.

Annexure - A to the Secretarial Audit Report

To

The Members

HOMETRAIL BUILDTECH PRIVATE LIMITED

CIN: U45400DL2008PTC176962

Registered Address: N-110, Panchsheel Park, New Delhi 110017

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The veriﬁcation was done on the random test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reﬂected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for

our opinion.

3.

We have not veriﬁed the correctness and appropriateness of ﬁnancial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the veriﬁcation of procedures on the random test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efcacy or efectiveness

with which the management has conducted the afairs of the Company.

For Varuna Mittal & Associates

Company Secretaries

Varuna Mittal

Proprietor

M. No.: 57727

COP: 23575

UDIN: A057727D000380203

Place: New Delhi

Dated: 25.05.2022

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

127

126

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure-A and forms an integral part of

this report.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

129

128

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Managing Director

Chairman of CSR Committee

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

133

132

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Managing Director), 2 (two) were

Non-Executive and Non Independent Directors (nominated

by other Promoter i.e. Kayak Investments Holding Pte. Ltd.

(“Kayak”)) and 4 (four) were Non-Executive Independent

Directors (including one Woman Independent Director). The

composition of the Board is in conformity with the Companies

Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Regulation 17(1) of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

(“Listing Regulations”). Further, as on the date of this Corporate

Governance Report, the composition of the Board is same.

The details of Director(s) seeking appointment/re-appointment

at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the

Company, have been provided in the Board Report forming

part of the Annual Report.

Board membership criteria and selection process:

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) is

responsible for identifying and evaluating a suitable candidate

for the Board. While selecting a candidate, the NRC reviews

and evaluates the Board’s composition and diversity to ensure

that the Board and its Committees have an appropriate mix

of skills, experience, independence, knowledge etc. for

continued efectiveness.

MHIL acknowledge the importance of diversity in the

Boardroom as a driver of efectiveness. For the Board, diversity

encompasses plurality in perspective, relevant experience,

gender equality, suitability and other personal attributes.

To ensure a transparent selection process, the guidance on

eligibility criteria and attributes for an individual’s appointment

on the Board, including Independent Directors, has been

deﬁned in the Nomination, Remuneration and Board Diversity

Policy of the Company. The candidate is, inter-alia, screened

based on knowledge, skills, abilities, professional experience

and functional expertise, educational and professional

background, personal accomplishment, age, experience in the

healthcare sector, marketing, technology, ﬁnance and other

disciplines relevant to the business etc. and such other factors

that the NRC might consider relevant and applicable from time

to time towards achieving a diverse Board.

The NRC recommends the appointment of a candidate

based on the deﬁned criteria and attributes. The Board, on

the recommendation of NRC and based on proﬁle of the

candidate etc., recommends the appointment of Directors to

the Shareholders of the Company, wherever applicable, for

their approval.

Board functioning & procedure:

Background:

With a view to institutionalise all corporate afairs and setting

up systems and procedures for advance planning for matters

requiring discussion and decision by the Board, the Company

has deﬁned procedures for meetings of Board of Directors and

Committees thereof.

The Board is committed to ensure good governance through

a self-governing style of functioning. The Directors have

complete freedom to express their opinion/views. The decisions

are taken on the basis of consensus / majority arrived at after

detailed discussions. The Directors are also free to bring up any

matter for discussion at the Board/Committee Meetings.

Scheduling and selection of agenda items for the Board/

Committee meetings:

The Board of Directors is the apex body constituted by the

Shareholders and is vested with the powers of governance,

giving strategic and operational directions and to control the

afairs of the Company. In order to make an informed decision,

the Board of Directors have access to all relevant information

and are free to approach the Management of the Company as

well as its subsidiaries. Driven by the principles of Corporate

Governance philosophy, the Board strives to work in best

interest of the Company and its Stakeholders.

The Board meets at least four times in a year, within a maximum

time gap of 120 days between any two meetings, to discuss

and review the quarterly results and other items of agenda,

including the minimum information required to be placed

before the Board, as per Part A of Schedule II of the Listing

Regulations. The dates for the Board and Committee meetings

are decided in advance and communicated to the Directors.

The Board also meet and conduct additional meetings as and

when required and thought ﬁt.

The Chairman &: Managing Director, Senior Director & Chief

Financial Ofcer, Senior Director- Corporate Afairs and

Company Secretary & Compliance Ofcer, discuss the items to

be included in the Board/Committee agenda and seek inputs

from other Management team members wherever required.

The agenda of the meeting along with relevant supporting

documents and explanatory notes is generally circulated in

advance to all the Directors entitled to receive the same, to

facilitate meaningful and in-depth quality discussions during

the meeting. Where it is not practicable to attach any document

to the agenda, it is tabled before the meeting with speciﬁc

reference to this efect in the agenda. In case the detailed

agenda is shared in less than seven days before the date of

meeting, the agenda is taken up with the permission of the

Managing Director, ED- Executive Director,

•

NENID - Non-Executive Non-Independent Director, NEID - Non-Executive Independent Director

•

The details pertaining to number of directorship and committee memberships/ chairmanship held in other companies and name of other listed

companies and categories of directorship have not been mentioned for the directors who are not associated with the Company on March 31, 2022.

•

Above details are on the basis of disclosures received by the Company.

$ Excluding directorship held in foreign companies.

$$ In accordance with Regulation 26(1) of Listing Regulations, memberships/chairmanships of only Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee in all public limited companies (listed and unlisted) excluding private limited companies, foreign companies, high value debt listed entities

and companies under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013, have been considered.

* Mr. Upendra Kumar Sinha resigned from the Board of the Company w.e.f. May 20, 2021 and Ms. Harmeen Mehta was appointed on the Board as

Woman Independent Director w.e.f May 24, 2021 (an Ordinary Resolution for appointment of Ms. Mehta for a term of 5 (ﬁve) years w.e.f. May 24, 2021

in the AGM held on September 29, 2021 was carried with requisite majority).

** Due to other commitments, Mr. Sanjay Omprakash Nayar stepped down from the Board w.e.f. February 12, 2022 and Mr. Prashant Kumar joined the

Board in his place as a nominee of Kayak w.e.f February 13, 2022.

*** Due to other commitments, Ms. Ananya Tripathi resigned from the position of Non-Executive Non-Independent Director w.e.f. March 14, 2022 and

Mr. Gaurav Trehan joined the Board in her place as a nominee of Kayak w.e.f March 15, 2022.

The number of Directorship(s) and Committee Membership(s)

/ Chairmanship(s) of all Directors is / are within the respective

limits prescribed under the Act and the Listing Regulations. None

of the Directors of the Company is serving as an Independent

Director or as a Director in more than 7 (seven) listed companies.

Further, none of the Independent Director of the Company is/

are serving as a: Managing

Managing Director of the

Company, taking into account the views of Non-Executive

Directors (including Independent Directors);

•

Assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness of ﬂow of

information between the Company Management and the

Board that is necessary for the Board to efectively and

reasonably perform their duties.

The Independent Directors inter-alia suggested that the

Board need to spend more time in strategic discussion during

this growth phase of the Company. Based on majority of the

feedback, the Directors expressed satisfaction with the overall

evaluation process.

Code of Conduct:

The Board has laid down a Code of Conduct for all the Board

Members and Senior Management Personnel of the Company.

The said Code has been communicated to the Directors and

Senior Management Personnel and is also available on the

website of the Company at https://www.maxhealthcare.in/

investors/corporate-governance.

Declaration from the Chairman &: Managing Director conﬁrming

that the Company has received afrmations from the Board

members and the Senior Management Personnel regarding the

compliance of Code of Conduct during the year under review,

is annexed as Annexure - I and forms part of this Report.

Succession Planning:

The Company believes that sound succession plan for the senior

leadership is very important for creating a robust future for the

Company. The NRC works with the Board on the leadership

succession plan to ensure orderly succession in appointments

on the Board and in Senior Management.

The Company strives to maintain an appropriate balance of

skills and experience within the Organisation and the Board, in

an endeavor to introduce new perspectives while maintaining

experience and continuity. By integrating workforce planning

with strategic business planning, the Company puts necessary

ﬁnancial and human resources in place so that its objectives

can be met. The Board members also bring to the table their

broad and diverse skills and viewpoints to aid the Company

in advancing its strategy. In addition, promoting Senior

Management within the Organisation fuels the ambitions of the

talent force to earn future leadership roles.

COMMITTEES CONSTITUTED UNDER THE ACT AND

LISTING REGULATIONS:

Audit & Risk Committee (“A&RC”)

Composition:

The composition of A&RC of Board of Directors of the

Company meets the requirements of Section 177 of the Act

and Regulation 18 of Listing Regulations. The composition of

A&RC as on March 31, 2022 (including changes occurred in

composition during FY21-22) is as under and stands same as

on the date of this Corporate Governance Report:

Sl.

No.

Name

Position

Category

1.

Mr. Mahendra Gumanmalji

Lodha

Managing Director (“CMD”)):

Remuneration of Executive Director i.e. Mr. Abhay Soi, Chairman

&: Managing

Letter Amendment Agreement to the Post-

merger SHA

85,19,17,212

98.83

1,00,81,386

1.17

Subsequent to FY21-22 and as on the date of this Corporate Governance Report, no special resolution is proposed to be

conducted by the Company through postal ballot.

Person conducted the postal ballot exercise:

Mr. Devesh Kumar Vasisht (holding ICSI Membership No. F8488), Partner, M/s Sanjay Grover & Associates, Company Secretaries,

New Delhi (Firm Registration No. P2001DE052900), was appointed as the Scrutiniser for conducting the postal ballot process by

voting through electronic means only (remote e-voting) in a fair and transparent manner.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

147

146

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Letter Amendment Agreement to the Post-

merger SHA

Resolution no. 1- Ordinary Resolution

Appointment of Mr. Prashant Kumar (DIN: 08342577)

as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the

Company

Resolution no. 2- Ordinary Resolution

Appointment of Mr. Gaurav Trehan (DIN: 03467781)

as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the

Company

Dispatch of Notice

The dispatch of Postal Ballot Notice pursuant to the

Act, Secretarial Standard-2 and relevant MCA Circulars

for passing the resolutions as set out in the said Postal

Ballot Notice whose names appeared in the Register of

Members as on October 08, 2021 (“cut-of date”) was

completed on October 11, 2021 through Link Intime.

The voting period commenced on Tuesday, October

12, 2021, at 9.00 a.m. (IST) and ended on Wednesday,

November 10, 2021, at 5.00 p.m. (IST).

The dispatch of Postal Ballot Notice pursuant to

the Act, Secretarial Standard-2 and relevant MCA

Circulars for passing the resolutions as set out in the

said Postal Ballot Notice whose names appeared

in the Register of Members as on March 29, 2022

(“cut-of date”) was completed on April 04, 2022

through Link Intime. The voting period commenced

on Wednesday, April 06, 2022, at 9.00 a.m. (IST) and

ended on Thursday, May 05, 2022, at 5.00 p.m. (IST).

Scrutiniser

Mr. Devesh Kumar Vasisht, Scrutiniser, had carried out scrutiny of e-votes on the last day of e-voting for Postal

Ballot voting and prepared consolidated Scrutiniser’s Report on the basis of data/reports received by him on

both events. The Scrutiniser submitted his report to the Chairman/person duly authorised by him, after the

completion of scrutiny. The results of voting by postal ballot (through remote e-voting) were then announced

by the authorised ofcer.

Result of voting

The results of postal ballot voting (through remote e-voting) along with the Scrutiniser’s report was displayed

at the registered ofce of the Company at 401, 4th Floor, Man Excellenza, S. V. Road, Vile Parle (West), Mumbai

Maharashtra-400056 and Corporate Ofce of the Company i.e. at 2nd Floor, Capital Cyberscape, Sector-59

Gurugram- 122011 and also placed on the website of the Company at www.maxhealthcare.in/investors/

corporate-governance and Link Intime i.e. www.linkintime.co.in.

Newspapers

As required by Rules 20 and 22 of the Rules read with

the relevant MCA Circulars, the details pertaining to the

Postal Ballot including completion of dispatch of Postal

Ballot Notice, was published in the newspaper ‘Financial

Express’ in English and ‘Dainik Pratahkal’ in Marathi on

October 12, 2021.

As required by Rules 20 and 22 of the Rules

read with the relevant MCA Circulars, the details

pertaining to the Postal Ballot including completion

of dispatch of Postal Ballot Notice, was published

in the newspaper ‘Financial Express’ in English and

‘Navshakti’ in Marathi on April 05, 2022.

Other relevant matters

The Shareholders of the Company holding shares as on cut- of date were entitled to vote on the resolutions

as set out in the Postal Ballot Notice(s) and voted through e-voting facility only as per the MCA circulars.

Shareholders casted their votes on the designated platform viz., https://instavote.linkintime.co.in.

In compliance with the requirements of the MCA Circulars, the physical copy of the Postal Ballot Notices along

with Postal Ballot Forms and pre-paid business envelope were not sent to the Shareholders of the Company.

The Shareholders were required to communicate their assent or dissent through the remote e-voting system

only.

Further, the Company sent the Postal Ballot Notice only by email to all its Shareholders who have registered

their email addresses with the Company or depository participants and the communication of assent / dissent

of the Shareholders took place through the remote e-voting system.

Participation and voting at the 21st AGM:

Pursuant to the General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8,

2020, No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, No. 22/2020 dated

June 15, 2020, No. 33 / 2020 dated September 28, 2020,

No. 39/2020 dated December 31, 2020, No. 10 / 2021 dated

June 23, 2021, No. 20/2021 dated December 8, 2021 and No.

02/2022 dated May 05, 2022 issued by MCA and relevant

circular(s) issued by SEBI in this regard, the 21st AGM of the

Company will be held through VC/OAVM and the detailed

instructions for participation and voting at the meeting are

available in the notice of the 21st AGM.

MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

The Company recognises the importance of two way

communication with Shareholders and to give balanced and

timely reporting of any disclosure, results etc. and responds to

questions and issues raised, in a timely and consistent manner.

Shareholders seeking any information or clariﬁcation, may

contact the Company directly throughout the year. Some of the

modes of communication are mentioned below:

Results:

The Quarterly/ Half-Yearly/ Annual results are published in the

prominent daily newspapers, viz. Business Standard/Financial

Express in English (all editions) and Navshakti (in Marathi –

Mumbai edition) the local newspaper published in the language

of the region in which registered ofce is situated. The results

were sent to the stock exchanges and are also displayed on the

Company’s website at https://www.maxhealthcare.in/investors/

corporate-announcements.

Intimation to the Stock Exchanges:

The Company also intimates/ makes disclosures to the

Stock Exchanges about all price sensitive matters or such

matters which, in its opinion, are material and of relevance

to the Shareholders. The Company also regularly provides

information to the stock exchanges as per the requirements of

Listing Regulations.

News and Press Release:

The ofcial news and press releases on the matter, wherever

necessary, are disseminated to stock exchanges and displayed

on the Company’s website in a timely manner.

Earning calls and presentations to Institutional Investors /

Analysts:

The Company organises earnings call(s) with analysts and

investors after the announcement of quarterly/annual ﬁnancial

results. The transcript of the earnings calls are also uploaded

on the Company’s website voluntarily. Presentations made to

institutional investors and ﬁnancial analysts on the ﬁnancial

results or otherwise are ﬁled with the stock exchanges from

time to time and uploaded on the Company’s website.

Compliance reports, corporate announcements, material

information and updates:

The

Company

disseminates

the

requisite

corporate

announcements including the Listing Regulations compliances

through NSE Electronic Application Processing System

(NEAPS)/ NSE Digital Platform/ BSE Corporate Compliance &

Listing Centre. The NEAPS/NSE Digital Platform/BSE’s Listing

Centre are web-based applications and periodical ﬁllings like

shareholding pattern, corporate governance report, ﬁnancial

results, material / price sensitive information, etc. are ﬁled

electronically on such designated platforms.

Annual Report:

The Annual Report for FY21-22 will be uploaded on the

Company’s website and will also be circulated to Shareholders

and others entitled thereto, in electronic mode or as may be

allowed/prescribed by MCA and SEBI from time to time. The

Annual Report will also be submitted to the stock exchanges.

Website:

The Company’s website contains separate dedicated section

for “Investors” where Shareholders’ related information are

available and the said section is being regularly updated, from

time to time, with the ﬁnancial results, annual reports, ofcial

news releases and other important events/ information.

SEBI Complaints Redressal System (SCORES):

The investor complaints are processed by SEBI in a centralised

web- based complaints redressal system. The salient features

of this system are: Centralised database of all complaints,

online upload of Action Taken Reports (ATRs) by concerned

companies and online viewing by investors of actions taken on

the complaint and its current status etc.

Designated exclusive email-ids:

The Company has designated the following email-id for

investors servicing: investors@maxhealthcare.com. Investors

can also mail their queries to Registrar and Transfer Agent at

delhi@linkintime.co.in

GENERAL INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS:

i)

Company Registration Details

The Company is registered in the State of Maharashtra, India. The Corporate Identity

Number (“CIN”) allotted to the Company by MCA is L72200MH2001PLC322854.

ii)

Address of the Registered ofce

401, 4th Floor, Man Excellenza, S. V. Road, Vile Parle (West), Mumbai, Maharashtra-400056.

iii)

AGM Date, Time & Venue

The 21st AGM will be held on or before September 30, 2022 through VC/OAVM or as

may allowed/permitted by MCA and/or SEBI. The date and time shall be informed to the

Shareholders and the stock exchanges in due course. As the AGM will be held through VC

or OAVM, the deemed venue for the AGM shall be the registered ofce of the Company.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

149

148

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

MANAGING DIRECTOR / CFO CERTIFICATION

The Chairman &: Managing Director, Senior Director & Chief Financial Ofcer have certiﬁed, in terms of Part B of Schedule II of

the Listing Regulations, to the Board that the Financial Statements present a true and fair view of the Company’s afairs and

are in compliance with the existing accounting standards. The said certiﬁcation of the Financial Statements and the Cash Flow

Statement for the ﬁnancial year 21-22 is annexed as Annexure - V and forms part of this Corporate Governance Report.

For and on behalf of the Board

Abhay Soi

Place: Mumbai

DIN: 00203597

Dated: May 25, 2022

Managing Director

Annexure II

STATEMENT OF UTILISATION OF FUNDS RAISED TROUGH QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL PLACEMENT FOR FY 21-22

Name of listed entity

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Mode of fund raising

Qualiﬁed Institutional Placement

Date of raising funds

March 09, 2021

Amount raised (Gross in INR)

120,000 Lakhs (approx.)

Monitoring Agency

Not Applicable

Monitoring Agency name, if applicable

Not Applicable

Is there a deviation / variation in use of funds raised

No

If yes, whether the same is pursuant to change in terms of a contract or objects, which was

approved by the shareholders

Not Applicable

If yes, date of shareholders’ approval

Not Applicable

Explanation for the deviation / variation

Not Applicable

Comments of the Audit Committee after review

Not Applicable

Comments of the Auditors, if any

Not Applicable

Objects for which funds have been raised and where there has been a deviation, in the following table:

Original object

Modiﬁed object,

if any

Original

allocation

(INR)

Modiﬁed

allocation, if

any

Funds utilised

(INR) FY 21-22

Amount of

deviation/variation

for FY21-22

according to

applicable object

Remarks,

if any

i.

Part

ﬁnancing

the

funding

requirements of the Company

Not Applicable

117,916 Lakhs

(Net QIP

Proceeds)

Not Applicable

-

-

ii.

Meeting the capital expenditure

and working capital requirements

of the Company, Subsidiaries,

Managed Healthcare Facilities

and Partner Healthcare Facilities

and afliates, if any, including

investment or increasing our

stake

in

existing

or

future

subsidiaries, joint ventures and

afliates

64,480 Lakhs

iii.

Repayment of debt

20,000 Lakhs

iv.

Expansion and modernisation

v.

General corporate requirements

or any other purposes, as may be

permissible under the applicable

law and approved by our Board

or its duly constituted committee

DEVIATION OR VARIATION COULD MEAN:

(a)

Deviation in the objects or purposes for which the funds have been raised; or

(b)

Deviation in the amount of funds actually utilised as against what was originally disclosed; or

(c)

Change in terms of a contract referred to in the fund raising document i.e. prospectus,: letter of ofer, etc.

For and on behalf of the Board

Abhay Soi

Place: Mumbai

DIN: 00203597

Dated: May 25, 2022

Managing Director and Yogesh Kumar Sareen, Senior Director- Finance & Chief Financial Ofcer

of Max Healthcare Institute Limited (“the Company”), hereby conﬁrm w.r.t the ﬁnancial statements for year ended March 31,

2022 that:

A.

We have reviewed ﬁnancial statements and the cash ﬂow statement (Standalone & Consolidated) for the year ended and that

to the best of our knowledge and belief:

i.

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that

might be misleading;

ii.

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s afairs and are in compliance with existing

accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which are

fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

C. We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for ﬁnancial reporting and that we have evaluated

the efectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to ﬁnancial reporting and we have disclosed to the

auditors and the Audit and Risk Committee, deﬁciencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which

we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deﬁciencies.

D.

We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit and Risk Committee, as may be applicable:

i.

signiﬁcant changes in internal control over ﬁnancial reporting during the year;

ii.

signiﬁcant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the

ﬁnancial statements, if any; and

iii.

there has not been any instances of signiﬁcant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein,

if any, of the management or an employee having a signiﬁcant role in the Company’s internal control system over

ﬁnancial reporting.

Thanking You,

Abhay Soi

Yogesh Kumar Sareen

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director)

Mr. Prashant Kumar

08342577

Member (Non-Executive Director)

Mr. Michael Thomas Neeb

08522685

Member (Independent Director)

The Board has also constituted Business Responsibility Sustainability Management Committee (“BRSMC”) for

providing assistance to BRSC for implementation/process/ decision making with respect to Business Responsibility and

Sustainability matters.

The members of BRSMC are as follows:

Name

Designation

Ms. Vandana Ramesh Pakle

Senior Director- Corporate Afairs

Dr. Mradul Kaushik

Senior Director- Operations and Planning & COO (Cluster -1)

Mr. Yogesh Kumar Sareen

Senior Director & Chief Financial Ofcer

Mr. Umesh Gupta

Senior Director and CPO

Col. Harinder Singh Chehal

Senior Director & COO (Cluster-2)

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/Policies

a)

Details of compliance (Reply in Yes/ No)

Sr. No. Questions

P 1

P 2

P 3

P 4

P 5

P 6

P 7

P 8

P 9

1

Do you have a policy/policies for

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

2

Has the policy been formulated in consultation

with relevant stakeholders?

Yes

No

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

The policies have been formulated in consultation with the Board of

directors of the Company, the relevant stakeholders and the same have

also been benchmarked with the Industry best practices

3

Does the policy conform to any national /

international standards? If yes, specify? (50

words)

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

The policies are framed in compliance with and alignment to

the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), NABH Guidelines and also

benchmarked with the best in the industry when framed and approved.

Further, inputs from third party experts are also sought, wherever

appropriate, to ensure conformance to the prevailing industry standards.

4

Has the policy been approved by the Board?

If yes, has it been signed by MD/owner/CEO/

appropriate Board Director?

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Most of the policies are approved by the Board or by the empowered

group / delegated functional head who represents the function at the

management committee

5

Does the Company have a speciﬁed committee

of the Board/ Director/Ofcial to oversee the

implementation of the policy?

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

6

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed

online?

A number of policies relating to various principles of BRR are available

online at: https://www.maxhealthcare.in/investors/corporate-governance

7

Has the policy been formally communicated to

all relevant internal and external stakeholders?

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

8

Does the company have in-house structure to

implement the policy/policies.

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

9

Does the Company have a grievance redressal

mechanism related to the policy/policies to

address stakeholders’ grievances related to the

policy/policies?

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

10

Has the Company carried out independent

audit/evaluation of the working of this policy by

an internal or external agency?

Yes, Policies are reviewed, evaluated, and modiﬁed time to time by the

relevant internal stakeholders. Further, the inputs from external agencies

are also sought on case to case basis to ensure these are kept updated

and relevant.

b)

If answer against any principle, is ‘No’, please explain why:

3.

Governance related to BR

a)

Indicate the frequency with which the Board of

Directors, Committee of the Board or CEO assess

the BR performance of the Company. Within 3

months, 3-6 months, Annually, More than 1 year

In line with the requirement under SEBI Circular on

Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting

by listed entities, the Board of Directors of the

Company have constituted Business Responsibility

Sustainability

Committee

(BR&SC)

on

August

10,2021 to supervise the implementation of Business

Responsibility and Sustainability (BR&S) policies and

assess BR&S performance of the Company. The Board

has authorised Business Responsibility Sustainability

Management Committee for providing assistance to

Business Responsibility Sustainability Committee.

Prior to formation of BR&SC, the various aspects

of governance of BR policies were supervised and

assessed by the NRC, A&RC, and the Board.

b)

Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability

Report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this

report? How frequently it is published?

Yes, the Company has voluntarily published the

ESG Report for ﬁnancial year 2020-21 (Annual)

and it can be viewed at https://max-website20-

images.s3.ap-south 1.amazonaws.com/MHC_ESG_

Report_2020_21_0d220997b2.pdf.

SECTION E: PRINCIPLE-WISE PERFORMANCE

Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern

themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability

1.

Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and corruption cover

only the Company? Yes/No. Does it extend to the Group/Joint

Ventures/Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs/Others?

Yes. This policy extends to Max Healthcare, all its

subsidiaries and all its related entities.

2.

How many stakeholder complaints have been received

in the past ﬁnancial year and what percentage was

satisfactorily resolved by the management? If so,

provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.

There were a total 27 instances of violation of code of

conduct/ whistle blower in the MHIL and in addition 5

instances were reported under Prevention of Sexual

harassment. All these complaints/ violations were duly

investigated, and necessary action taken, keeping in view

the gravity of each case.

Principle 2: Businesses should provide goods and services

that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout their

life cycle

1.

List up to 3 of your products or services whose design

has incorporated social or environmental concerns,

risks and/or opportunities.

Not Applicable.

Max Healthcare is the course of designing and construction

of its new hospital plans for LEED certiﬁcations of its

building upon completion of the project. In addition, it also

provides for recycling of water and also efcient STPs with

online monitoring systems as well as rainwater harvesting

etc catering to the environment concerns.

2.

For each such product, provide the following details

in respect of resource use (energy, water, raw material

etc.) per unit of product (optional):

Not applicable

3.

Does the Company have procedures in place for

sustainable sourcing (including transportation)?

(a)

If yes, what percentage of your inputs was sourced

sustainably? Also, provide details thereof, in about 50

words or so.

Given that the hospitals operate on 24/7 basis, they tend

to consume lot of energy, Max Healthcare has invested in

a captive hydro power plant and also has tie-ups with the

green power producer in order to source green energy.

Currently, renewable energy constitutes about 44% of its

total power consumption.

The company procures ~60% of its medical equipment,

devices and pharmaceutical good from top 1,000

listed vendors and multinational companies. These

vendors comply to environmental and operational

reporting standards.

4.

Has the Company taken any steps to procure goods

and services from local & small producers, including

communities surrounding their place of work?

Max Healthcare is engaged in providing healthcare

services using goods which require GMP certiﬁed

facilities. It directly and indirectly employs people from

local communities for unskilled, semi-skilled services

like housekeeping, security, general assistance, parking

assistance etc.

5.

Does the Company have a mechanism to recycle products

and waste? If yes what is the percentage of recycling of

products and waste (separately as <5%, 5-10%, >10%).

Also, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.

Approx. 50% of total waste is being disposed through

external agency. Organic waste is being converted into

manure through Organic Waste Converter (OWC). Further,

the Company reviews ESG performance of the hospitals

on monthly basis which includes waste recycle, water

recycle and tracking consumption total energy and green

energy etc.

Principle 3: Businesses should promote the well-being of all

employees

1.

Please indicate the total number of employees

Max Healthcare had a total 12,484 employees as on March

31, 2022.

2.

Please indicate the total number of employees hired

on temporary/contractual/casual basis

Max Healthcare had hired 5,812 (including VC's)

employees on temporary/contractual/casual basis as on

March 31, 2022.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

165

164

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Managing Director)

Membership No: 95540

DIN:00203597

Place : Mumbai

Place : New Delhi

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

Date : May 25, 2022

(Chief Financial Ofcer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place : New Delhi

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 25, 2022

Standalone Statement of proﬁt and loss

for the year ended March 31, 2022

(INR in Lakhs)

Note No.

Year ended

March 31, 2022

(Refer Note 31.19)

Year ended

March 31, 2021

(Refer Note 31.19)

I

Revenue from operations

24

1,72,908

1,03,078

II

Other income

25

12,538

10,651

III

Total income (I+II)

1,85,446

1,13,729

IV

Expenses

Purchase of pharmacy, drugs, consumables and implants

44,616

23,712

(Increase)/decrease in inventory of pharmacy, drugs, consumables and implants

(317)

793

Employee beneﬁts expenses

26

36,386

26,547

Professional and consultancy fees

30,067

19,535

Finance costs

27

4,408

11,245

Depreciation and amortization expense

28

9,914

9,075

Other expenses

29

20,073

16,401

Total expenses (IV)

1,45,147

1,07,308

V

Proﬁt before exceptional items and tax (III-IV)

40,299

6,421

VI

Exceptional items

31.18

-

(21,067)

VII

Proﬁt/(loss) before tax (V + VI)

40,299

(14,646)

VIII Tax expense

Current tax

23

6,494

-

Deferred tax

23

692

1,799

Total tax expenses (VIII)

7,186

1,799

IX

Proﬁt/(loss) for the year (VII - VIII)

33,113

(16,445)

X

Other comprehensive income

Items that will not be reclassiﬁed subsequently to proﬁt or loss

Re-measurement gains/(losses) on deﬁned beneﬁt plan

31.2

116

(72)

Income tax efect

23

(29)

38

Total other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year (X)

87

(34)

XI

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year (IX+X)

33,200

(16,479)

XII

Earnings per equity share (Nominal Value of share INR 10)

31.11

Basic (INR)

3.42

(1.91)

Diluted (INR)

3.42

(1.91)

The accompanying notes are integral part of the Standalone ﬁnancial statements 1-31

As per our report of even date attached

For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

Chartered Accountants

MAX HEALTHCARE INSTITUTE LIMITED

(Firm's Registration No. 015125N)

RASHIM TANDON

ABHAY SOI

(Partner)

(Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director)

Membership No: 95540

DIN:00203597

Place : Mumbai

Place : New Delhi

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

Date : May 25, 2022

(Chief Financial Ofcer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place : New Delhi

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 25, 2022

(INR in Lakhs)

Year ended

March 31, 2022

(Refer Note 31.19)

Year ended

March 31, 2021

(Refer Note 31.19)

Cash ﬂows from operating activities

Proﬁt/(loss) before tax

40,299

(14,646)

Adjustments to reconcile proﬁt before tax to net cash from operating activities:

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment

4,885

3,987

Amortization of right of use assets

1,625

1,227

Amortization of intangible assets

3,404

3,861

Income on modiﬁcation/termination of lease under Ind AS 116

(60)

(24)

Loss on foreign exchange ﬂuctuation (net)

15

26

Provision for doubtful advances and doubtful debts (net)

(820)

482

Bad debts and debit balances written of

873

317

Net loss/(income) on sale/disposal of property, plant and equipment

2

(17)

Unclaimed balances and excess provisions written back

(2,018)

(245)

Loss on remeasurement of previously held equity interest by Radiant Life Care

-

17,289

Gain on derivative instruments

(74)

-

Employee stock option scheme expenses - equity settled

3,044

2,383

Finance income

(9,443)

(9,317)

Interest on lease liability

1,503

1,223

Interest on debts and borrowings

2,496

9,795

Operating cash inﬂow before working capital changes

45,731

16,341

Working capital changes:

Decrease in trade receivables

5,006

4,765

(Increase)/decrease in inventories

(317)

793

(Increase) in other ﬁnancial assets

(6,128)

(1,215)

Decrease/(Increase) in other current and non current assets

470

(137)

Increase in provision for gratuity and leave encashment

198

457

Increase/(decrease) in trade payables and other ﬁnancial liabilities

1,801

(1,783)

Increase in other current liabilities

462

912

Cash generated from operations

47,223

20,133

Taxes (paid)/refund - (net)

(4,766)

2,314

Net cash generated from operating activities (A)

42,457

22,447

Cash ﬂows from investing activities

Purchase of property, plant and equipment, including intangible assets, capital work in progress,

capital creditors and capital advances

(36,675)

(3,141)

Proceeds from sale/disposal of property, plant and equipment

154

135

Loan given to subsidiaries and other healthcare service providers

(13,664)

(6,689)

Loan repaid by subsidiaries and other healthcare service providers

2,000

10,673

Investments in ﬁxed deposit with bank (with maturity of more than three months)

(16,103)

-

Investments in subsidiaries

(18,468)

(49,143)

Interest income received

9,453

11,604

Net cash ﬂows used in investing activities (B)

(73,303)

(36,561)

Standalone Cash Flow Statement

for the year ended March 31, 2022

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

183

182

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Managing Director)

Membership No: 95540

DIN:00203597

Place : Mumbai

Place : New Delhi

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

Date : May 25, 2022

(Chief Financial Ofcer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place : New Delhi

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 25, 2022

Standalone Cash Flow Statement

for the year ended March 31, 2022

1

CORPORATE INFORMATION

Max Healthcare Institute Limited ("MHIL" or "the Company")

is a public limited company incorporated on June 18, 2001

under the relevant provisions of erstwhile Companies Act,

1956 and its registered ofce is located at 401, 4th Floor,

Man Excellenza, S. V. Road, Vile Parle (West), Mumbai

400056. The equity shares of the Company are listed

on Bombay Stock Exchange Limited and National Stock

Exchange of India Limited since August 21, 2020.

The Company is primarily engaged in provision of

healthcare services through primary care clinics, multi

speciality Hospitals / medical centres and super-speciality

hospitals facilities. These include 'managed facilities' and

medical facilities of third party healthcare providers with

whom, the Company has entered into long term service

contracts for providing operation and management,

medical services, clinical, radiology, pathology services

and related healthcare services [including through the

Operation & Management agreement ("O&M") that the

Company has entered into with Lahore Hospital Society to

manage the operation of Dr. B.L. Kapur Memorial Hospital

(being a unit of Lahore Hospital Society).

The ﬁnancial statements have been approved by the

Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 25, 2022.

2

BASIS OF PREPARATION

These ﬁnancial statements have been prepared in

accordance with Indian Accounting Standards ("Ind AS"),

under the historical cost convention on accrual basis except

for certain ﬁnancial instruments which are measured at

fair values, the provision of the Companies Act, 2013

('the Act') and guidelines issued by the Securities and

Exchange Board of India ("SEBI"). The Ind AS are notiﬁed

under section 133 of the Companies Act 2013, read with

the Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rule, 2015,

as amended from time to time and other relevant provision

of the Act.

The

preparation

of

ﬁnancial

statement

requires

management to make estimates and assumptions that

afect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the

disclosure of contingent liabilities and reported amounts

of revenues and expenses. The estimates are based on

historical experience and various other assumptions. The

management evaluates estimates on an ongoing basis

and make changes to them as management becomes

aware of changes in circumstances towards the estimates.

Actual results may difer from these estimates. Refer to

note 3.2 for signiﬁcant accounting judgements, estimates

and assumptions.

The following note provides list of the signiﬁcant

accounting policies adopted in the preparation of this

ﬁnancial statement.

3

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES,

ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS

3.1

Signiﬁcant accounting policies (also refer note 3.2)

a.

Property, plant and equipment

Property, Plant and Equipment ("PPE") are stated at cost,

less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if

any. The cost comprises of purchase price, taxes, duties

(including import duties discharged under EPCG scheme),

freight and other incidental expenses directly attributable

and related to acquisition and installation of the concerned

assets and are further adjusted by Goods and Service

Tax credit ("GST") wherever applicable. When signiﬁcant

parts of plant and equipment are required to be replaced

at intervals, the Company depreciates them separately

based on their respective useful lives. All other repair

and maintenance costs are recognized in proﬁt or loss as

incurred. The present value of the expected cost for the

decommissioning of an asset after its use is included in

the cost of the respective asset if the recognition criteria

for a provision are met.

An item of property, plant and equipment or any signiﬁcant

component thereof initially recognized is derecognized

upon disposal or when no future economic beneﬁts are

expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising

on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the diference

between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying

amount of the asset) is included in the statement of proﬁt

and loss when the asset is derecognized.

The Company identiﬁes and determines cost of

each component/part of the assets separately, if the

component/part has a cost which is signiﬁcant to the total

cost and has useful life that is materially diferent from that

of remaining asset.

Advances paid towards the acquisition of property, plant

and equipment outstanding at each balance sheet date is

classiﬁed as capital advance.

Capital work- in- progress includes cost of property, plant

and equipment under installation / under development as

at the balance sheet date less impairment losses, if any.

Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is provided

on pro-rata basis on straight-line method using the

useful lives of the assets prescribed in schedule II of the

Companies Act 2013, except for certain classes of property,

plant and equipment which are depreciated based on the

technical assessment made by the independent valuation

expert engaged by management. The estimated useful

lives, residual values and depreciation method are

reviewed periodically, at least at each ﬁnancial year-end,

with the efect of any changes in estimate accounted for

on a prospective basis.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

185

Annual Report 2021-22

184

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Managing Director is the

Company’s Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM").

The Company has identiﬁed only one reportable

business segment as it deals mainly in provision of

healthcare services.

v.

Current versus non-current classiﬁcation

The Company presents assets and liabilities in the balance

sheet based on current/ non-current classiﬁcation. An

asset is treated as current when it is:

(i)

Expected to be realized or intended to be sold or

consumed in normal operating cycle

(ii)

Held primarily for the purpose of trading

(iii) Expected to be realized within twelve months after

the reporting period, or

(iv) Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being

exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least

twelve months after the reporting period

All other assets are classiﬁed as non-current.

A liability is current when:

(i)

It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle

(ii)

It is held primarily for the purpose of trading

(iii) It is due to settled within twelve months after the

reporting period, or

(iv) There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement

of the liability for at least twelve months after the

reporting period

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classiﬁed as non-

current assets and liabilities.

The operating cycle is the time between the acquisition

of assets for processing and their realization in cash and

cash equivalents. The Company has identiﬁed twelve

months as its operating cycle.

3.2 Signiﬁcant accounting judgements, estimates and

assumptions

The preparation of the Company's Financial Statements

requires management to make judgements, estimates and

assumptions that afect the reported amounts of revenues,

expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying

disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities.

Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could

result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to

the carrying amount of the asset or liability afected in

future periods.

Estimates and assumptions

The key assumptions concerning the future and other

key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting

date, that have a signiﬁcant risk of causing a material

adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities

within the next ﬁnancial year, are described below. The

Company based its assumptions and estimates on

parameters available when the Financial Statements

were prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions

about future developments, however, may change due

to market changes or circumstances arising beyond the

control of the Company. Such changes are reﬂected in the

assumptions when they occur.

Judgements

In the process of applying the Company's accounting

policies, management has made the following judgements,

which have the most signiﬁcant efect on the amounts

recognised in the Financial Statements.

(a)

Impairment

(i)

Impairment testing of goodwill and other

intangible assets

Goodwill and intangible assets (such as Trademarks),

if any, that have an indeﬁnite useful life are not

subject to amortisation and are tested annually for

impairment, or more frequently if events or changes

in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired.

Other intangible assets (including Operation and

management rights and service agreement) are

tested for impairment whenever events or changes

in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount

may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is

recognised for the amount by which the asset's

carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.

The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's

fair value less cost of disposal and value in use. For

the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are

grouped at the lowest levels for which there are

separately identiﬁable cash inﬂows which are largely

independent of the cash inﬂows from other assets or

groups of assets (cash-generating units). During the

year, the Company has carried out the impairment

assessment of Goodwill and other intangibles

(including those appearing in the subsidiaries) and

have concluded that there is no impairment in value

of goodwill and other intangibles assets as appearing

in the Financial Statements.

(ii)

Impairment testing of non-Financial assets

The Company's non-ﬁnancial assets are reviewed at

each reporting date to determine whether there is any

indication of impairment. If any such indication exists,

then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.

Determining whether the asset is impaired requires

to assess the recoverable amount of the asset or

Cash Generating Unit ("CGU") which is compared

to the carrying amount of the asset or CGU, as

applicable. Recoverable amount is the higher of fair

value less costs of disposal and value in use. Where

the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds the

recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired

and is written down to its recoverable amount.

(iii) Impairment testing of Financial assets

The impairment provisions of ﬁnancial assets are

based on assumptions about risk of default and

expected loss rates. The Company uses judgement

in making these assumptions and selecting the

inputs for the impairment calculation based on the

Company's past history, existing market conditions

as well as forward looking estimates at the end or

each reporting period.

(iv) Impairment testing of trade receivables

The Company reviews its trade receivables to assess

impairment at regular intervals. In determining of

impairment losses, the Company makes judgement

as to whether there is any observable data indicating

that there is a measurable decrease in the estimated

future cash ﬂows and whether a risk of default and

expected loss rates exists. Accordingly, an allowance

for expected credit loss is made where there is an

identiﬁed loss event or conditions which is based

on historic loss rates, present developments such

as liquidity issues and information about future

economic conditions, with respect to reduction in the

recoverability of cash ﬂows.

(v)

Impairment of investment in subsidiaries

The Company assesses at each reporting date

whether there is an indication that an investment may

be impaired If any indication exists, or when annual

impairment testing for an investment is required. The

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

195

194

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

letter of credit guarantee, performance bond, corporate guarantee, bank guarantee provided by any

party to the Project Document, (d) all the right, title, interest, beneﬁts claims and demands whatsoever of the Company

under all insurance contracts.

Security interest set out in sub clause (c) shall be subject to the ﬁrst prior charge of only working capital facility lenders

to the extent of INR 9,500 lakhs.

Security interest set out in sub clauses (a), (b), (d) and (e) shall rank pari-passu amongst the lenders of the borrower for

an aggregate rupee loan of up to INR 34,000 lakhs.

(ii)

INR 1,951 lakhs (March 31, 2021: INR 2,427 lakhs) from Indusind Bank Limited repayable in 150 monthly instalments from

June, 2019 is secured by way of :

(a)

1st Pari Pasu Charge on the entire current assets, both present and future, subject to the ﬁrst prior charge of working

capital facility lenders to the extent of INR 9,500 lakhs.

(b)

1st Pari Passu Charge on the moveable ﬁxed asset (excluding vehicles speciﬁcally charged to lenders who have

ﬁnanced those assets) including medical equipment (except medical equipment speciﬁcally charged to lenders who

have ﬁnanced those assets), movable plant and machinery, spares etc. of the borrower with IDFC First Bank Ltd.

(c)

1st Pari Passu Charge on the intangible asset of the borrower but not limited to Goodwill and uncalled capital, intellectual

property, both present and future of the borrower with IDFC First Bank Ltd.

(iii) INR 3,636 lakhs (March 31, 2021 : INR 4,267 lakhs) from IDFC First Bank Limited repayable in 23 quarterly instalments from

August, 2022 is secured by way of :

(a)

1st Pari Passu on charge on land and building of MHIL Saket and MHIL Shalimar Bagh with other term lenders.

(b)

1st Pari Passu on entire intangible assets both present and future with other term lenders.

(c)

1st Pari Passu on entire movable ﬁxed assets of MHIL both present and future (except equipment/ vehicle ﬁnance by

speciﬁc loans) with other term lenders and

(d)

2nd Pari Pssu on entire current assets of MHIL with other term lenders (working capital Lenders have ﬁrst charge on the

entire current assets for their working capital limits of INR 9,500 lakhs).

Term loan from non-banking ﬁnancial company :

NIL (March 31, 2021: INR 2 lakhs) from NIIF Infrastructure Finance Limited repayable in 52 structured quarterly instalments from

May 2018 has been repaid during the current year.

Vehicle loan :

Vehicle loans of INR 612 lakhs (March 31, 2021: INR 495 lakhs) are repayable over the period ranging from one to ﬁve years and

are secured by way of hypothecation of respective vehicles.

The rate of interest ranging from 7.25% to 12.01% on outstanding car loan on the basis of actual rate charged depending upon the

tenure and lending institution.

Deferred payment :

Deferred payment liabilities is secured by hypothecation of medical equipment and repayable in 20 quarterly instalments from

June 2018.

All above borrowings has used for speciﬁc purpose as agreed with bank.

18. LEASE LIABILITIES

(INR in Lakhs)

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

Lease liabilities

13,902

13,858

13,902

13,858

19. PROVISIONS

(INR in Lakhs)

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

Non current

Provision for employee beneﬁts

Provision for gratuity (refer note 31.2)

1,974

1,918

1,974

1,918

Current

Provision for employee beneﬁts

Provision for leave encashment

1,180

1,155

Provision for gratuity (refer note 31.2)

434

433

1,614

1,588

20. OTHER NON CURRENT LIABILITIES

(INR in Lakhs)

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

Government grant [refer footnote (i)]

274

170

274

170

(i)

Movement in Government Grant

(INR in Lakhs)

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

Opening Balance

170

NIL

Pursuant to the Scheme (Refer Note 31.21)

-

27

Add:- Liability towards custom duty discharged under EPCG scheme

104

143

Closing Balance

274

170

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

215

214

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Managing Director - Also refer xi below)

2.

Mr. Kummamuri Murthy Narasimha, Independent Director

3.

Mr. Mahendra Gumanmalji Lodha, Independent Director (From June 21, 2019)

4.

Mr. Upendra Kumar Sinha, Independent Director (From June 21, 2019 till May 20, 2021)

5.

Mr. Michael Thomas Neeb, Independent Director (From June 21, 2019)

6.

Ms. Harmeen Mehta (from May 24, 2021)

(xi) Key Managerial Personnal "KMPS" (with whom transactions have taken place)

1.

Mr. Abhay Soi, (Chairman and: Managing Director of Radiant) (

Director's remuneration (refer note 1 below)

Mr. Abhay Soi

1,400

1,046:

Managing Director)

DIN:00203597

Place : Mumbai

Place : New Delhi

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

Date : May 25, 2022

(Chief Financial Ofcer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place : New Delhi

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 25, 2022

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

249

248

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Managing Director)

DIN:00203597

Place : Mumbai

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

(Chief Financial Ofcer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place : New Delhi

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 25, 2022

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

251

250

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance

Independent Auditor’s Report

TO THE MEMBERS OF

MAX HEALTHCARE INSTITUTE LIMITED

REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OPINION

We have audited the accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial

statements of Max Healthcare Institute Limited (”the Parent”),

its subsidiaries and its deemed separate entities, that is 'Silos'

over which the parent has control (the Parent, its subsidiaries

and its deemed separate entities that is 'Silos', together

referred to as “the Group”) which comprise the Consolidated

Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2022, and the Consolidated

Statement of Proﬁt and Loss (including Other Comprehensive

Income), the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and the

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then

ended, and a summary of signiﬁcant accounting policies and

other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the

“consolidated ﬁnancial statements”).

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according

to the explanations given to us, and based on the consideration

of reports of the other auditors on separate ﬁnancial statements

of the subsidiaries referred to in the Other Matters section

below, the aforesaid consolidated ﬁnancial statements give

the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the

Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view

in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed

under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian

Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended (‘Ind AS’),

and other accounting principles generally accepted in India,

of the consolidated state of afairs of the Group as at March

31, 2022, and their consolidated proﬁt, their consolidated total

comprehensive income, their consolidated cash ﬂows and their

consolidated changes in equity for the year ended on that date.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements

in accordance with the Standards on Auditing speciﬁed under

section 143 (10) of the Act (SAs). Our responsibilities under those

Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibility

for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

section of our report. We are independent of the Group in

accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together with the ethical

requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated

ﬁnancial statements under the provisions of the Act and the

Rules made thereunder, and we have fulﬁlled our other ethical

responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and

the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence

obtained by us, and the audit evidence obtained by the other

auditors in terms of their reports referred to in the Other Matters

section below, is sufcient and appropriate to provide a basis

for our audit opinion on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most signiﬁcance in our audit of the consolidated

ﬁnancial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the Consolidated Financial

Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have

determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.

S No. Key Audit Matter

Auditor’s Response

1.

Impairment of intangible assets (Goodwill and

trademark)

(Refer to note 7 and note 8 of the notes forming part of the

Consolidated Financial Statements)

The Group has intangible asset with indeﬁnite lives

comprising Goodwill of INR 245,466 lakhs and Trademarks

of INR 49,378 lakhs as at March 31, 2022.

The Group’s evaluation of goodwill and trademark for

impairment involves the comparison of the recoverable

value of cash generating unit to its carrying value in

accordance with Ind AS 36, Impairment of Assets. The

recoverable amount is determined based on the higher

of the fair value less cost of disposal or the value in use.

Principal audit procedures performed

With respect to Impairment of intangible assets (Goodwill and

trademark), we:

•

Evaluated the design, implementation and operating

efectiveness of controls over impairment assessment,

including controls relating to review of future cash

ﬂow forecasts (including forecast of future revenue

and operating margins) and controls relating to review

of assumptions of discount rates and the long-term

growth rates.

•

Evaluated the reasonableness of the estimates used by

management in assessment of future cash ﬂow forecasts

and operating margins by comparing them to historical

revenue and operating margins, latest approved forecasts

and long term plans.

•

With the assistance of our fair value specialist, evaluated

the appropriateness of the valuation methodology and

reasonableness of the key valuation assumptions used

by management and tested mathematical accuracy of the

calculations used in assessment of recoverable value.:

Managing Director)

Membership No: 95540

DIN:00203597

Place : Mumbai

Place : New Delhi

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

Date : May 25, 2022

(Chief Financial Ofcer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place : New Delhi

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 25, 2022

Consolidated Balance Sheet

as at March 31, 2022

(INR in Lakhs)

Note No.

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

ASSETS

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment

4

1,73,257

1,52,271

Capital work-in-progress

5

10,473

2,672

Right-of-use assets

6

22,101

22,548

Goodwill

7

2,45,466

2,45,466

Other intangible assets

8

2,60,934

2,33,353

Intangible assets under development

9

4,639

21

Financial assets

(i)

Investments

10

51

51

(ii)

Trade receivables

10

10,773

11,945

(iii) Loans

10

17,345

16,195

(iv) Other ﬁnancial assets

10

27,578

19,745

Income tax assets (net)

11

15,517

15,533

Deferred tax assets (net)

27

-

98

Other non current assets

12

30,750

22,099

Total non-current assets

8,18,884

7,41,997

Current assets

Inventories

13

6,136

5,380

Financial assets

(i)

Trade receivables

14

38,536

36,589

(ii)

Cash and cash equivalents

14

30,914

62,659

(iii) Bank balances other than (ii) above

14

19,017

2,633

(iv) Loans

14

258

543

(v) Other ﬁnancial assets

14

3,010

2,191

Income tax assets (net)

15

-

661

Other current assets

16

2,158

1,791

Total current assets

1,00,029

1,12,447

TOTAL ASSETS

9,18,913

8,54,444

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity

Equity share capital

17

96,961

96,595

Other equity

18

5,31,286

4,67,273

Total Equity

6,28,247

5,63,868

Liabilities

Non-current liabilities

Financial liabilities

(i)

Borrowings

19

62,941

84,282

(ii)

Lease liabilities

20

17,017

16,999

(iii) Other ﬁnancial liabilities

21

37,850

23,726

Provisions

22

5,979

6,019

Deferred tax liabilities (net)

27

68,141

58,192

Other non-current liabilities

23

23,011

23,665

Total non-current liabilities

2,14,939

2,12,883

Current liabilities

Financial liabilities

(i)

Borrowings

24

9,724

7,753

(ii)

Lease liabilities

24

1,656

1,107

(iii) Trade payables

-Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises

24

546

95

-Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises

24

44,662

43,474

(iv) Other ﬁnancial liabilities

24

8,456

15,871

Other current liabilities

25

6,515

5,450

Provisions

26

4,168

3,943

Total current liabilities

75,727

77,693

Total Liabilities

2,90,666

2,90,576

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

9,18,913

8,54,444

The accompanying notes are integral part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements 1 - 35

As per our report of even date attached

For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

Chartered Accountants

MAX HEALTHCARE INSTITUTE LIMITED

(Firm's Registration No. 015125N)

RASHIM TANDON

ABHAY SOI

(Partner)

(Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director)

Membership No: 95540

DIN:00203597

Place : Mumbai

Place : New Delhi

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

Date : May 25, 2022

(Chief Financial Ofcer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place : New Delhi

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 25, 2022

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

261

260

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Managing Director)

Membership No: 95540

DIN:00203597

Place : Mumbai

Place : New Delhi

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

Date : May 25, 2022

(Chief Financial Ofcer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place : New Delhi

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 25, 2022

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

for the year ended March 31, 2022

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

263

Annual Report 2021-22

262

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Managing Director is the

Group’s Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM").

The

Group

has

identiﬁed

only

one

reportable

business segment as it deals mainly in provision of

healthcare services.

u.

Current versus non-current classiﬁcation

The Group presents assets and liabilities in the balance

sheet based on current/ non-current classiﬁcation. An

asset is treated as current when it is:

(i)

Expected to be realized or intended to be sold or

consumed in normal operating cycle

(ii)

Held primarily for the purpose of trading

(iii) Expected to be realized within twelve months after

the reporting period, or

(iv) Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being

exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least

twelve months after the reporting period

All other assets are classiﬁed as non-current.

A liability is current when:

(i)

It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle

(ii)

It is held primarily for the purpose of trading

(iii) It is due to settled within twelve months after the

reporting period, or

(iv) There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement

of the liability for at least twelve months after the

reporting period

The Group classiﬁes all other liabilities as non-current.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classiﬁed as non-

current assets and liabilities.

The operating cycle is the time between the acquisition

of assets for processing and their realization in cash and

cash equivalents. The Group has identiﬁed twelve months

as its operating cycle.

3.3 Signiﬁcant accounting judgements, estimates and

assumptions

The preparation of the Group's Financial Statements

requires group to make judgements, estimates and

assumptions that afect the reported amounts of revenues,

expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying

disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities.

Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could

result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to

the carrying amount of the asset or liability afected in

future periods.

o.

Cash and cash equivalents and other bank balances

Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet comprise

cash at banks and cash on hand and short-term deposits

with an original maturity of 3 months or less, which are

subject to an insigniﬁcant risk of changes in value.

Restricted bank balances and deposits having maturity

more than 3 months are classiﬁed and disclosed as other

bank balances.

p.

Earning per share

Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing the

net proﬁt or loss for the period attributable to equity

shareholders (i.e proﬁt/(loss)) after tax (including the post

tax efect of exceptional items, (if any) by the weighted

average number of equity shares outstanding during the

period. The weighted average number of equity shares

outstanding during the period is adjusted for events such

as bonus issue, bonus element in a rights issue, share

split, and reverse share split (consolidation of shares) that

have changed the number of equity shares outstanding,

without a corresponding change in resources.

Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing

the proﬁt/(loss) after tax (including the post tax efect

of extraordinary items, if any) as adjusted for dividend,

interest and other charges to expense or income (net of

any attributable taxes) relating to the dilutive potential

equity shares, by the weighted average number of equity

shares considered for deriving basic earnings per share

and the weighted average number of equity shares which

could have been issued on the conversion of all dilutive

potential equity shares. Potential equity shares are

deemed to be dilutive only if their conversion to equity

shares would decrease the net proﬁt per share from

continuing ordinary operations. Potential dilutive equity

shares are deemed to be converted as at the beginning

of the period, unless they have been issued at a later date.

The dilutive potential equity shares are adjusted for the

proceeds receivable had the shares been actually issued

at fair value (i.e. average market value of the outstanding

shares). Dilutive potential equity shares are determined

independently for each period presented. The number

of equity shares and potentially dilutive equity shares are

adjusted for share splits/reverse share splits and bonus

shares, as appropriate.

q.

Foreign currencies

Items included in the Financial Statements are measured

using the currency of the primary economic environment

in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’).

the Group’s Financial Statements are presented in Indian

Rupee (‘the functional currency`) which is also the Group’s

functional and presentation currency.

Foreign currency transactions are recorded on initial

recognition in the functional currency, using the exchange

rate prevailing at the date of transaction.

Measurement of foreign currency items at the balance

sheet date

Foreign

currency

monetary

assets

and

liabilities

denominated in foreign currencies are translated at

the functional currency spot rates of exchange at the

reporting date.

Non-monetary items that are measured at historical cost

in foreign currency and are translated using the exchange

rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary

items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are

translated using the exchange rates at the date when the

fair value is determined.

Exchange diferences arising on settlement or translation

of monetary items are recognized as income or expense

in the period in which they arise with the exception of :-

•

exchange diferences on foreign currency borrowings

relating to assets under construction for future

productive use, which are included in the cost of those

assets when they are regarded as an adjustment to

interest costs on those foreign currency borrowings;

•

exchange diferences on transactions entered into

in order to hedge certain foreign currency risks (see

note for hedging accounting policies); and

•

exchange diferences on monetary items receivable

from or payable to a foreign operation for which

settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur

(therefore forming part of the net investment in the

foreign operation), which are recognised initially

in other comprehensive income and reclassiﬁed

from equity to proﬁt or loss on repayment of the

monetary items.

For the purposes of presenting these ﬁnancial statement,

the assets and liabilities of the Group’s foreign operations

are translated into Indian Rupee using exchange rates

prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income

and expense items are translated at the average

exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates

ﬂuctuate signiﬁcantly during that period, in which case the

exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used.

Exchange diferences arising, if any, are recognised in

other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity

(and attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).

r.

Derivative ﬁnancial instruments

Initial recognition and subsequent measurement

The Group uses derivative ﬁnancial instruments, such as

forward currency contracts, to hedge its foreign currency

risks. Such derivative ﬁnancial instruments are initially

recognized at fair value on the date on which a derivative

contract is entered into and are subsequently re-

measured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as ﬁnancial

assets when the fair value is positive and as ﬁnancial

liabilities when the fair value is negative. Any gains or

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

275

274

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Letter of Credit issued by banks for EPCG Licenses/ESIC/Government authorities.

8.03 During the current year, one of the subsidiary (ALPS Hospital Limited) of the Company acquired 100% stake in ET Planners

Pvt Ltd. (ETPPL) in an all cash deal. ETPPL has exclusive and long term rights to provide medical services in key specialties

and aid development of a Children’s Hospital (‘Hospital’) on this 3.5 acres of land, situated between Max Super Speciality

Hospital, Saket and Max Smart Super Speciality Hospital, a unit of Gujarmal Modi Hospital and Research Centre for Medical

Sciences. Acquisition of stake in ETPPL resulted in recognition of Intangible Asset - Service Agreement towards the medical

service agreement, which has been recorded after considering related deferred tax impact upon acquisition accounting in

the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

Further, the Company entered into Shareholders Agreement for purchase of 100% equity of Eqova Healthcare Private

Limited ('Eqova') in tranches. Eqova has an exclusive rights to aid development of and provide medical services to a 400

bed hospital to be built on 2.1 acres of land parcel in Patparganj, Delhi, owned by Nirogi Charitable and Medical Research

Trust. Acquisition of stake in Eqova resulted in recognition of Intangible Asset - Service Agreement towards the medical

service agreement, which has been recorded after considering related deferred tax impact upon acquisition accounting in

the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

The service agreements are recorded at acquisition date fair value, basis the allocation of consideration paid to acquire such

assets. Such service agreements are amortised over the remaining tenure of respective agreements.

8.04The Group has not revalued any of its intangible assets during the year.

9.

INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER DEVELOPMENT

(INR in Lakhs)

Particulars

Amount in intangible assets under development for a period of

Total

Less than

1 year

1-2 years

2-3 years

More than

3 years

Intangible assets under development as at March 31, 2022

4,639

-

-

-

4,639

Intangible assets under development as at March 31, 2021

16

5

-

-

21

9.01 Projects in progress as at March 31, 2022 represents long terms service agreement with Muthoot Hospitals Private Limited

("MHPL"). The Group on January 20, 2022 has entered into a long term services agreement with Muthoot Hospitals Private

Limited ("MHPL") towards operations and management ("O&M") of 300+ beds hospital being constructed and developed

at Sector 10 Dwarka, New Delhi. The Services Agreement will have an initial term of 30 (thirty) years from the date of

construction completion notice ('efective date'). The Group has paid an interest free refundable performance deposit

under terms of Service Agreement, and will be entitled to a ﬁxed and a variable service fee as stipulated in the Services

Agreement upon provision of services from the efective date. The diference between the non-interest bearing refundable

security deposit given under terms of O&M agreement and the present value of the same at the transaction date, has been

recognised as identiﬁable intangible assets under development. Such intangible asset on completion of development will be

amortised over the duration of contract i.e. 30 years from the efective date.

10. NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS

(INR in Lakhs)

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

i)

Investment in equity instrument (fair value through OCI)

Sandhya Hydro Power Projects Balargha Private Limited

5,07,795 (March 31, 2021 : 5,07,795) equity shares of INR 10 each fully paid-up

51

51

51

51

Aggregate value of unquoted investments

51

51

Amount of impairment in value of investments

-

-

Note : The Group holds 507,795 equity shares of Sandhya Hydro Power Projects Balargha Private

Limited, a company engaged in the business of generation and sale of hydro energy.

ii)

Trade receivables (unsecured)

Trade receivables - considered good

10,773

11,945

10,773

11,945

No trade receivables are due from directors or other ofcers of the group either severally or jointly with any other person. Neither

any trade nor other receivables are due from ﬁrms or private companies in which any director is a partner, director or a members.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

285

284

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

letter of credit.

- INR 869 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: INR 542 Lakhs) to secure bank guarantee issued to banks against overdraft limit.

(INR in Lakhs)

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

iv) Loan (valued at amortized cost) (unsecured considered good, unless otherwise stated)

Loans to other healthcare service providers

258

543

Other advances :

Credit impaired

-

94

Less: Impairment allowance for other advances - credit impaired

-

(94)

258

543

(INR in Lakhs)

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

v) Other ﬁnancial assets (unsecured considered good, unless otherwise stated)

Unbilled revenue

2,458

2,191

Security deposits

7

-

Service Exports from India scheme scrips

545

-

3,010

2,191

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

289

288

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

letter of credit guarantee,

performance bond, corporate guarantee, bank guarantee provided by any party to the Project Document, (d) all the

right , title, interest, beneﬁts claims and demands whatsoever of the Company under all insurance contracts.

Security interest set out in sub clause (c) shall be subject to the ﬁrst prior charge of only working capital facility lenders

to the extent of INR 9,500 lakhs.

Security interest set out in sub clauses (a), (b), (d) and (e) shall rank pari-passu amongst the lenders of the borrower for

an aggregate rupee loan of up to INR 34,000 lakhs.

(ii)

INR 1951 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: INR 2,427 Lakhs) from IndusInd Bank Limited for Max Healthcare Institute Limited repayable

18. OTHER EQUITY

(INR in Lakhs)

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

Securities premium (refer note (a) below)

5,14,313

5,10,481

Retained earnings (refer note (b) below)

14,761

(45,859)

Stock options outstanding account (refer note (c) below)

2,212

2,651

Share application money pending for allotment [refer note (d) below]

0.2

-

5,31,286

4,67,273

Notes:

(a) Securities premium (refer footnote (i))

At the beginning of the year

5,10,481

2,34,045

Add: Transfer on account of exercise of employee stock options(refer foot note (iv))

3,832

-

Add: premium on issue of equity shares pursuant to the Scheme (refer note 35.15)

-

1,64,661

Add: premium on issue of equity shares under Qualiﬁed Institutional Placement (refer footnote (ii))

-

1,13,859

Less: share issue expenses (refer footnote (iii))

-

(2,084)

5,14,313

5,10,481

(i)

Securities premium reserve is recognized to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve can be utilized only for

limited purpose as per the provision of the Companies Act, 2013.

(ii)

The Company completed Qualiﬁed Institutional Placement of equity shares in March, 2021, allotting 6,14,12,482 equity

shares at a price of INR 195.40 per share (face value of INR 10 per share) @ premium of INR 185.40 aggregating premium to

INR 1,13,859 Lakhs.

(iii) Share issue expenses are pertaining to issue of equity shares. In accordance with Ind AS 109 read with Ind AS 32, transaction

costs in respect of the new share issued has been recognised in equity.

(iv) During the year ended March 31, 2022, Company issued and allotted 36,68,449 Ordinary Shares at a price of INR 114.47

per share (face value of INR 10 per share).The amount of INR 3832 lakhs (@ 104.47 per share) recorded in stock options

outstanding account is transferred to securities premium upon exercise of stock options.

(INR in Lakhs)

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

(b) Retained earnings

At the beginning of the year

(45,859)

(32,454)

Proﬁt/(loss) for the year

60,505

(13,755)

Items of other comprehensive income :

Remeasurement gain / (loss) on deﬁned beneﬁt plans (net of tax)

258

51

Exchange diferences on translation of foreign operation

7

-

Pursuant to the Scheme Pursuant to the scheme of merger (refer note 35.15)

-

956

Increase in 'Payable for Share Purchase' [refer note 21 (ii) and 24 (iv)]

(150)

(657)

14,761

(45,859)

(c) Stock options outstanding account

At the beginning of the year

2,651

-

Add : Employees stock compensation expenses

3,393

2,651

Transfer to security premium account on exercise of option

(3,832)

-

2,212

2,651

The above reserve relates to stock options granted by the Group to its employees under its employee stock option plan. Further information

about share-based payments to employees is set out in note 35.05 .

(d) Share application money pending for allotment

At the beginning of the year

-

-

Add : Received during the year (Refer footnote (i))

0.2

-

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

293

292

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

letter of credit guarantee,

performance bond, corporate guarantee, bank guarantee provided by any party to the Project Document, (4) all the

right , title, interest, beneﬁts claims and demands whatsoever of the HBPL under all insurance contracts.

(e)

Security interest set out in sub clauses (a), (c) and (d) shall rank pari-passu amongst the lenders of the HBPL for an

aggregate rupee loan of up to INR 11,900 lakhs.

(f)

Security interest set out in sub clause (b) mentioned for both the loans of borrower i.e. at (ix) & (x) mentioned above shall

be subject to the ﬁrst prior charge of only working capital facility lenders to the extent of INR 2,000 lakhs.

(g)

An irrevocable and unconditional corporate guarantee of Max Healthcare Institute Limited.

(vii) INR 10,450 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: INR 15,710 Lakhs) from Axis Bank Limited for Crosslay Remedies Limited (CRL) repayable

in 45 unstructured quarterly instalment from December 31, 2021. As on March 31, 2022 Rs. 6052.27 lakhs equivalent to 10

instalments have been prepaid. Next instalment is due on June 30, 2024.

(a)

First charge on all the movable/ immovable ﬁxed asset of the Company property, both present and future, excluding

vehicle speciﬁcally charged to other lenders, both present and future.

(b)

First charge on all the current assets of the Company both present and future.

(c)

Collaterally secured by way of corporate guarantee of Max Healthcare Institute Limited .

(viii) NIL (March 31, 2021: INR 7,692 Lakhs) from Yes Bank Limited for Saket City Hospitals Limited (SCHL) repayable in 48 quarterly

instalment from March, 2019 The loan is secured by way of.

(a)

First Pari passu charge over all movable ﬁxed assets both present and future and immovable (if any acquired in future)

of the borrower.

(b)

First pari passu charge over all current assets (both present and future) of the borrower.

(c)

First pari passu charge on book debts operating cash ﬂow, receivables, commission, revenues, intangibles, goodwill (of

whatsoever nature and wherever arising) of the borrower.

(d)

Assignment of all borrowers rights under the service agreement and any other such agreement for providing any other

services to Saket City Hospitals Limited,: letter of credit, guarantee, or performance bond provided by any party for any

contract related to the Hospital project in favor of the borrower on ﬁrst pari passu basis.

(e)

Assignment of all the contracts, documents, insurance policies, rights, titles, permits/approvals, clearances and interest

of the borrower pertaining to the hospital project on ﬁrst pari passu basis.

(f)

Pledge of 25.5% equity shares of the SCHL held by Max Healthcare Institute Limited.

(g)

Unconditional and irrevocable corporate guarantee of Max Healthcare Institute Limited to remain valid during entire

tenor of facilities.

The loan has been prepaid fully in the current year. The charges have been satisﬁed as on the date of approval of these

Financial Statements.

(ix) INR 4,499 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: INR 5,390 Lakhs) from Axis Bank Limited for Saket City Hospitals Limited (SCHL) repayable

in 150 monthly instalments from June, 2019 is secured by way of :

(a)

First Pari Passu Charge on the entire current assets, both present and future, subject to the ﬁrst prior charge of working

capital facility lenders to the extent of INR 9500 Lakhs.

(b)

First Pari Passu Charge on the moveable ﬁxed asset (excluding vehicles speciﬁcally charged to lenders who have

ﬁnanced those assets) including medical equipment (except medical equipment speciﬁcally charged to lenders who

have ﬁnanced those assets), movable plant and machinery, spares etc. of the Borrower with IDFC First Bank Ltd.

(c)

First Pari Passu Charge on the intangible asset of the borrower but not limited to Goodwill and uncalled capital,

intellectual property, both present and future of the Borrower with IDFC First Bank Ltd.

(iii) INR 3,636 Lakhs (March 31, 2021 : INR 4,267 Lakhs) from IDFC First Bank Limited for Max Healthcare Institute Limited

repayable in 23 quarterly instalments from August, 2022 is secured by way of :

(a)

First Pari Passu on charge on Land and Building of MHIL Saket and MHIL Shalimar Bagh with other Term lenders

(b)

First Pari Passu on entire intangible Assets both present and future with other Term Lenders

(c)

First Pari Passu on entire movable ﬁxed assets of MHIL both present and future (except equipment/ vehicle ﬁnance by

speciﬁc loans) with other Term Lenders and

(d)

Second Pari Passu on entire Current Assets of MHIL with other Term Lenders (Working Capital Lenders have ﬁrst

Charge on the entire Current Assets for their Working Capital Limits of INR 9500 lakhs).

(iv) INR 3,739 lakh (March 31, 2021 : INR 4900 Lakhs) from IndusInd Bank Limited for ALPS Hospital Limited repayable in

quarterly structured instalments from December 31, 2021. As on March 31, 2022 Rs. 328 lakhs equivalent to 12 instalment

already being paid pertaining to FY 2022-23. Next instalment will be due on April 30, 2023.

The above loan is secured by way of :

(a)

Exclusive charge on all movable ﬁxed assets, intangible assets and current assets (both present and future) of the ALPS

Hospital Limited

(b)

Pledge over 30% of the equity shares capital of the ALPS Hospital Limited (Exclusively to IndusInd Bank Limited) to be

create upfront.

(c)

NDU of 21% of the equity share capital of the ALPS Hospital Limited (Exclusively to IndusInd Bank Limited)

(v)

INR 4,792 lakhs (March 31, 2021: Rs. 5,447 lakhs) from IDFC First Bank Limited (earlier know as IDFC Bank Limited) for

Hometrail Buildtech Private Limited repayable in 52 quarterly instalments from June, 2018 is secured by way of:

(a)

A ﬁrst charge by way of hypothecation of entire movable PPE (except the movable current assets) of the Hometrail

Buildtech Private Limited present and future, including movable plant and machinery, machinery spares, tools and

accessories, furniture, ﬁxtures, vehicles, and all other movable PPE of whatsoever nature but excluding the movable

properties ﬁnanced by speciﬁc vehicle/equipment ﬁnance loans.

(b)

A charge on the entire current assets including cash ﬂows, receivables, books debts, revenues, raw material, stock-in-

trade, and inventory of the borrower of whatsoever nature and wherever arising, both present and future.

(c)

A First Charge on entire intangible assets of the borrower including but not limited to goodwill and uncalled capital,

intellectual property, both present and future.

(d)

A ﬁrst charge/mortgage/assignment, as the case may be, of -(1) all the rights, title, interest, beneﬁts, claims and demands

whatsoever of the Hometrail Buildtech Private Limited in the project document , duly acknowledged and consented to

by the relevant counter-parties to such project documents, all as amended, varied or supplemented from time to time

(2) subject to applicable Law, all the rights, title, interest, beneﬁts, claims and demands whatsoever of the HBPL in the

Clearance, and (3) all the rights, title, interest, beneﬁts, claims and demands whatsoever of the Hometrail Buildtech

Private Limited in any letter of credit guarantee, performance bond, corporate guarantee, bank guarantee provided by

any party to the Project Document, (4) all the right , title, interest, beneﬁts claims and demands whatsoever of the HBPL

under all insurance contracts.

(e)

Security interest set out in sub clauses (a), (c) and (d) shall rank pari-passu amongst the lenders of the HBPL for an

aggregate rupee loan of up to INR 9,500 lakhs.

(f)

An irrevocable and unconditional corporate guarantee of Max Healthcare Institute Limited.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

295

294

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance

letter of credit, guarantee, or performance bond provided by any party for any contract

related to the hospital project in favor of the borrower on ﬁrst pari passu basis.

- Assignments of all the contracts, documents, insurance policies, rights, titles, permits/approvals, clearances and interest of

the borrower pertaining to the hospital project on ﬁrst pari passu basis.

- Pledge of 25.5% equity shares of the borrower held by Max Healthcare Institute Limited.

- Unconditional and irrevocable corporate guarantee of Max Healthcare Institute Limited to remain valid during entire tenor

of facilities.

(b)

Cash credit facility of INR 54 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: INR 40 Lakhs) of Saket City Hospitals Limited against sanctioned limit

of INR 750 Lakhs from Axis Bank Limited is secured by way of:

- First pari passu charge on all borrower's movables and immovable (if any acquired in future), including but not limited to

movable plant and machinery, machinery, spares, tools and accessories, furniture, ﬁxtures, and all other movable assets

intangible, goodwill, uncalled capital, both present and future.

- A First pari passu charge by way of assignment/hypothecation/creation of security interest, including but not limited to,

of all the rights, title, interest, beneﬁts, claims and demands, whatsoever of the borrower in all documents executed by the

borrower with SHRC "Gujarmal Modi Hospital and Research Centre for Medical Sciences" including but not limited to the

hospital service agreement both present and future.

- First pari passu charge on all receivables, current assets, present and future, of the borrower.

- Pledge of 25.5% share capital (on a fully diluted basis) of the borrower (in compliance with BR Act) and option to increase it

to 51% subject to inclusion of new lenders

- Assignment of all the contracts, documents, insurance policies, rights, titles, permits/approvals, clearances and interest of

the Borrower pertaining to the hospital project on ﬁrst pari passu basis.

- Negative lien for the remaining 21% shareholding of the borrower. Total aggregate percentage of pledge and negative lien

not to exceed 51% of share capital at any time.

(F)

Cash Credit facility of Dr. B.L. Kapur Memorial Hospital

(a)

INR 2,454 lakhs (March 31, 2021: INR 2,017 lakhs) from Punjab National Bank of Dr. B.L. Kapur Memorial Hospital repayable

Provision for restoration under public private partnership

325

285

Provision for gratuity (refer note 35.01)

5,391

5,454

Provision for Post retirement medical beneﬁt (refer note 35.02)

263

280

5,979

6,019

23. OTHER NON CURRENT LIABILITIES

(INR in Lakhs)

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

Government grant [Refer note (i) below]

1,082

1,141

Unfavourable lease liability [Refer note (ii) below]

21,929

22,524

23,011

23,665

Note:

(i)

Movement in Government Grant

Particulars

Amount in Lakhs

Opening Balance

1,141

Add:- Liability towards custom duty discharged under EPCG scheme

520

Less:- Income booked during the year

579

Closing balance

1,082

(ii)

Unfavourable lease liability is net of Fair value of Land at Mohali & Bathinda provided by Punjab Health Systems Corporation

for a period of 50 years and Present value of estimated outﬂow obligation against such land as per the concession agreement

recognised upon acquisition date.

24. CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

(INR in Lakhs)

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

(i) Current borrowings

Cash credit from banks (secured) [Refer note (I) below]

7,453

5,425

Current maturity of non current borrowings (Refer Note 19)

2,179

2,242

Current maturity of deferred payment liabilities (Refer note 19)

92

86

9,724

7,753

(I)

Cash credit from banks (secured)

(A)

Cash credit facility of Max Healthcare Institute Limited

(a)

Cash credit facility of INR 834 lakhs (March 31, 2021: INR 497 lakhs) against sanctioned limit of INR 3,500 lakhs from Yes

Bank Limited.

(b)

Cash credit facility of INR 745 lakhs (March 31, 2021: INR 539 lakhs) against sanctioned limit of INR 2,000 Lakhs from

Indusind Bank Limited.

(c)

INR 220 lakhs (March 31, 2021: INR 188 lakhs) against sanctioned limit of INR 2,000 Lakhs from ICICI Bank Limited.

(d)

INR 487 lakhs (March 31, 2021: INR 211 lakhs) against sanctioned limit of INR 2,000 Lakhs from IDFC First Bank Limited.

These cash credits are secured by way of pari – passu charge on stocks, book debts and other current assets, present and

future of the Company prior to charge in favor of term lenders of the Company. The cash credits are repayable on demand.

(B)

Cash Credit facility of ALPS Hospital Limited

(a)

Cash credit facility of INR 130 lakhs (March 31, 2021: INR 109 lakhs) against sanctioned limit of INR 1,000 Lakhs from

Indusind Bank Limited of ALPS Hospital Ltd is repayable on demand and secured by way:-

- 1st pari passu charge on the entire current assets.

- 1st Pari Passu charge on the entire movable ﬁxed Assets (Except vehicles and assets charged exclusively to lenders).

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

299

298

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Director's remuneration (refer note 1 below)

Mr. Abhay Soi

1,400

1,046

Remuneration to relative of director (refer note 1 below)

Mr. Aditya Soi

127

66

Independent: Director's remuneration

Mr. Kummamuri Murthy Narasimha

13

-

Mr. Mahendra Gumanmalji Lodha

13

-

Mr. Michael Thomas Neeb

13

-

Ms. Harmeen Mehta

13

-

Director's sitting fee

Mr. Kummamuri Murthy Narasimha

19

22

Mr. Upendra Kumar Sinha

1

20

Mr. Mahendra Gumanmalji Lodha

20

20

Mr. Michael Thomas Neeb

15

7

Ms. Harmeen Mehta

13

-

Reimbursement of expenses

Mr. Abhay Soi

-

3

Space taken on lease rent

Radiant Life Care Private Limited

19

10

Corporate Guarantee in respect of ﬁnancial assistance availed by the Company:

Kayak Investments Holding Pte. Ltd.

-

48,600

As the future liability for gratuity and compensated absences is provided on an actuarial basis for the Company as a whole, the

amount pertaining to the directors /KMPS has not been ascertained separately and, therefore, not included in above mentioned

managerial remuneration. Managerial remuneration mentioned above also do not include accrual recorded towards employee

share based payments but includes beneﬁt value on account of ESOP exercise during the reporting year.

1.

Mr. Abhay Soi

2.

Kayak Investment Holdings Pte. Limited (Parent Company till March 09, 2021 and continues to have control till date)

(ii)

Ultimate controlling entity of Kayak Investment Holding Pte. Limited

1.

KKR Group Partnership L.P.

(iii) Entity on which the Radiant Life Care Private Limited had joint control over economic activities (with whom transaction

has taken place during the previous year)

1.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited (From June 21, 2019 to May 31, 2020)

(iv) Entity under common control of KKR Group Partnership L.P. (with whom transaction has taken place during the previous

year)

1.

KKR Capital Market Asia Limited (upto March 09, 2021)

(v)

Entity under control of Kayak Investments Holding Pte. Limited and Mr. Abhay Soi

1.

Radiant Life Care Private Limited

(vi)

Enterprises in which directors are interested (with whom transactions have taken place)

1.

Neo Legno Consultants Private Limited

2.

Epimoney Private Limited

3.

KKR India Advisors Private Limited

(vii) Directors of Radiant Life Care Private Limited (with whom transactions have taken place during the previous year)

1.

Mr. Abhay Soi (Also, a director in MHIL)

2.

Mr. Mahendra Gumanmalji Lodha till October 07, 2020, a director in MHIL also till date

(viii) Directors of MHIL (with whom transaction has taken place)

1.

Mr. Abhay Soi (

Managing Director)

DIN:00203597

Place : Mumbai

Place : New Delhi

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

Date : May 25, 2022

(Chief Financial Ofcer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place : New Delhi

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 25, 2022

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

333

332

Annual Report 2021-22

Company Overview

Service

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Sustainability

Performance:

Managing Director

MR. ANIL BHATNAGAR

Non-Executive Non Independent Director

MS. HARMEEN MEHTA

Non-Executive Independent Director

MR. K NARASIMHA MURTHY

Non-Executive Independent Director

MR. MAHENDRA GUMANMALJI LODHA

Non-Executive Independent Director

MR. MICHAEL THOMAS NEEB

Non-Executive Independent Director

MR. PRANAV AMIN

Non-Executive Independent Director

MR. PRASHANT KUMAR

Non-Executive Non Independent Director

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

MR. YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

Senior Director & Chief Financial Ofcer

COMPANY SECRETARY

MS. RUCHI MAHAJAN

Senior Vice President - Company Secretary &

Compliance Ofcer

REGISTERED OFFICE

401, 4th Floor, Man Excellenza, S. V. Road, Vile Parle

(West), Mumbai, Maharashtra-400056

CORPORATE OFFICE

2nd Floor, Capital Cyberscape, Sector-59, Gurugram,

Haryana-122011

STATUTORY AUDITORS

M/S DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS

Chartered Accountants

SECRETARIAL AUDITORS

M/S SANJAY GROVER & ASSOCIATES

Company Secretaries

COST AUDITORS

M/S CHANDRA WADHWA & CO.

Cost Accountants

REGISTRAR & TRANSFER AGENT

LINK INTIME INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED

Noble Heights, 1st Floor, Plot No. NH 2, LSC, C-1 Block,

Near Savitri Market, Janakpuri, New Delhi-110058

BANKS

AXIS BANK LIMITED

INDUSIND BANK LIMITED

HDFC BANK LIMITED

IDFC FIRST BANK LIMITED

ICICI BANK LIMITED

YES BANK LIMITED

STANDARD CHARTERED BANK KENYA LIMITED

Notes:

