Managing Director

Himanshu Baid

Joint: Managing

Letter to Shareholders

14

STATUTORY REPORTS

Notice of Annual General Meeting

16

Directors’ Report

26

Management Discussion and Analysis

42

Report on Corporate Governance

52

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Standalone Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report

63

Balance Sheet

69

Statement of Profit and Loss

71

Cash Flow Statement

72

Statement of Changes in Equity

74

Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements

77

Consolidated Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report

118

Balance Sheet

123

Statement of Profit and Loss

125

Cash Flow Statement

127

Statement of Changes in Equity

129

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements

132

Statement of Salient features of the Financial Statements of Subsidiaries and

Associate Companies

174

3

Poly Medicure Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

As I write my annual address to you all, a year again with growth despite

of market unambiguity and challenges. We all had our fair share of hard

work and dedication. Although we witnessed major risks in the market

from procurement of raw material to sales execution, but due to our

well trained and skilled employees, strong management, experienced

leadership we maintained our position in Indian medical devices industry.

With these endeavours, I am extremely delighted to showcase our

performance figures. At the consolidated level, Your Company has

achieved a net sales of Rs. 923.06 Crores, EBITDA of Rs. 253.45 Crores

and profit after tax of Rs. 146.51 Crores as compared to previous year

net sales of Rs. 786.47 Crores, EBITDA of Rs. 236.09 and profit after tax

135.87 Crores.

I am happy to share with you that your Company have made it to the

highly converted Fortune “The Next 500” Companies list for 2022,

and also bagged the “India Medical Device Leader of the Year” award,

conferred by Department of Pharmaceuticals, Under the Ministry of

Chemicals & Fertilizers, Govt. of India. We have also received “Export

Excellence Award” by PLEXCONCIL as the largest exporter of disposable

medical devices from India, and now its 9 years in a row.

With this, we also assumes Our Corporate Social Responsibility in a

way to make our Company Economically, Environmentally and socially

sustainable Company. We have incorporated ESG moral Principles in

our core goals, ethics and strategy. To fulfil this responsibility towards

society we are supporting many social unserved or underserved

causes and reaching to needy peoples. We are working in the area of

Food, sanitation, education, malnutrition, women safety, healthcare for

providing benefits to underprivileged society members.

We are spending, also spent in previous year the more amount than it is

required as per law on such causes. We are doing responsibility beyond

the true: letter and spirit. And it was always the goal of POLYMED to serve

the mankind through any possible measures.

Apart of this we are working on environmental sustainability, company

has taken rapid strives in this journey. Over the last few years we

reduced to minimum level of water reduction, effluent reduction, energy

consumption reduction. We will also continue to reduce our carbon

footprints on planet earth. Besides, maximum water is recycled and

reused in toilets, gardening among other stuff.

The coming years would be more exciting. Though there could be

challenges, your Company will overcome the downtrends by maintaining

deep relationships with customers, suppliers and other stakeholders. As

we look to the year ahead, I have confidence that POLYMED will continue

to be admired as a reliable and trusted Company for supply of Medical

Devices.

The members of the Board continue to be a great source of

encouragement and support to the Company’s management team. I

thank them for their involvement, support and guidance.

On a concluding note, I would like to take this opportunity to express

my gratitude to you, our shareholders, and other stakeholders, for your

continued trust and confidence in us. Also, I would like to express my

gratitude to senior management and all staff who have worked diligently

to help the Company meet its objectives and their support in taking us

into the next leg of our journey-the journey, which shall be embodied by

Diversification, Expansion and Progression.

With regards,

D.R. Mehta

MANAGING DIRECTOR MESSAGE: Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of Board of

Managing Director and/or Executive

Director) be paid, remuneration, in addition to sitting fees for

attending the meetings of the Board of Directors or committees

thereof, as the Board of Directors may from time to time

determine, not exceeding ` 12,00,000/- p.a. to each of the

Non-Executive Directors of the Company with effect from the

Financial Year 2022-2023, subject to overall ceiling as per the

Companies Act, 2013 for each Financial Year, as computed in

the manner laid down in section 198 of the Companies Act,

2013 or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the

Company (including Nomination & Remuneration Committee)

be and is hereby authorized to do all such act(s) and take all

such steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient to give

effect to this resolution.”

8.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without any

modification(s) the following Resolution as Ordinary Resolution:

Ratification of Remuneration to M/s. Jai Prakash & Company,

Cost Accountants appointed as Cost Auditors of the Company

for the Financial Year 2022-23.

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 of

the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 14 of the Companies

(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, and other applicable

provisions, if any, payment of Remuneration of ` 50,000/-

(plus applicable taxes) to M/s. Jai Prakash & Company, Cost

Accountants, who were appointed by the Board of Directors in

their Meeting held on 4th, August, 2022 for conducting the audit:

letter.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND

JOINING GENERAL MEETING ARE ASUNDER:-

The remote e-voting period begins on Friday, 23rd September, 2022

at 09:00 A.M. and ends on Sunday, 25th September, 2022 at 5:00 P.M.

Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:

Type of shareholders

Login Method

Individual Shareholders

holding securities in

demat mode with NSDL.

1.

If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services website of NSDL. Open

web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com/either on a Personal Computer or

on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under

“Login” which is available under “IDeAS” section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your

User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services. Click on

“Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on options

available against company name or e-Voting service provider - NSDLand you will be re-directed to NSDL

e-Voting website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting &

voting during the meeting.

Individual Shareholders

holding securities in

demat mode with NSDL.

2.

If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.

nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS” Portal or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/

IdeasDirectReg.jsp

3.

Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.

nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is

launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen

will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number held with NSDL),

Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will

be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on options available

against company name or e-Voting service provider - NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website

of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during

the meeting.

Individual Shareholders

holding securities in

demat mode with CDSL

1.

Existing users who have opted for Easi / Easiest, they can login through their user id and password. Op-

tion will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The URL for users

to login to Easi / Easiest are https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login or www.cdslindia.com and

click on New System Myeasi.

2.

After successful login of Easi/Easiest the user will be also able to see the E Voting Menu. The Menu will

have links of e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL. Click on NSDL to cast your vote.

3.

If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at https://web.cdslindia.com/

myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration

4.

Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing demat Account Number and PAN

No. from a link in www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP

on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the demat Account. After successful authentication, user will

be provided links for the respective ESP i.e. NSDLwhere the e-Voting is in progress.

Individual Shareholders

(holding securities in

demat mode) login

through their depository

participants

You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository Participant

registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. Once login, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you

click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication,

wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on options available against company name or e-Voting service

provider-NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote

e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.

The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting

thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of

Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e.

Monday, 19th September, 2022, may cast their vote electronically. The

voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the

paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date,

being Monday, 19th September, 2022.

How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?

The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of

“Two Steps” which are mentioned below:

Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system

A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility

provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat

account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants.

Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id

in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.:

letter etc. with attested

specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies)

who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to

pkmishra59@yahoo.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.

co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with

any other person and take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In

such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User

Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual

for Shareholders available at the download section of www.

evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and

1800 22 44 30 or send a request to Mr. Amit Vishal at evoting@

nsdl.co.in

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered

with the depositories for procuring user id and password and

registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in

this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please send signed

request with Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of

any one share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested

scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned

copy of Aadhar Card) by email to info@masserv.com.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please update your email

id with your depository. If you are an Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to

the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for

e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode.

3.

Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to

evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for

e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting

facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through

their demat account maintained with Depositories and

Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update

their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat

account in order to access e-Voting facility.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY

OF THE EGM/AGM ARE AS UNDER:-

1.

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EGM/AGM is same

as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

2.

Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in

the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted

their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are

otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote

through e-Voting system in the EGM/AGM.

3.

Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be

eligible to attend the EGM/AGM. However, they will not be

eligible to vote at the EGM/AGM.

4.

The details of the person who may be contacted for any

grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the day of

the EGM/AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote

e-voting.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE EGM/AGM

THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:

1.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EGM/AGM

through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. Members

may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access

to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login, you can see

link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join General meeting”

menu against company name. You are requested to click on

VC/OAVM link placed under Join General Meeting menu. The

link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login

where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note

that the members who do not have the User ID and Password

for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may

retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions

mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.

2.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops

for better experience.

3.

Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use

Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the

meeting.

4.

Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices

or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot

may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their

respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable

Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid

glitches.

Shareholders who would like to express their views/have

questions may send their questions in advance mentioning

their name demat account number/folio number, email id,

mobile number at (cs@polymedicure.com). The same will be

replied by the company suitably.

General Instructions

i.

A person, whose name is recorded in the register of members

or in the register of beneficial owners maintained by the

depositories as on the cut-off date only shall be entitled to avail

the facility of remote e-voting as well as voting at the AGM

through ballot paper.

ii.

Shri Pawan Kumar Mishra, Practicing Company Secretary

(Membership No. FCS-4305 & CP No. 16222), has been

appointed for as the Scrutinizer for providing facility to the

members of the Company to scrutinize the voting and remote

e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.

iii.

The Chairman shall, at the AGM, at the end of discussion on

the resolutions on which voting is to be held, allow voting with

the assistance of scrutinizer, for all those members who are

present VC / OAVM at the AGM but have not cast their votes by

availing the remote e-voting facility.

iv.

The Scrutinizer shall after the conclusion of voting at the AGM,:

letter of appointment for Independent Directors,

setting out the terms and conditions for appointment of Independent

Directors is available for inspection by the Members at the registered

office of the Company during business hours on any working day

and is available on the website of the Company www.polymedicure.

com. Dr. Ambrish Mithal is not related to any other Director and Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company. None of the Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel and their relatives, except Dr. Ambrish Mithal

and his relatives, are in anyway, concerned or interested in the said

resolution. The resolution as set out in item No. 4 of this Notice is

accordingly commended for your approval.

Item No. 5

Re-appointment of Shri Jugal Kishore Baid

As per Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred to as ‘Listing

Regulations’) as amended vide SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) (Amendment) Regulations, 2018, with effect from 1st

April, 2019, no listed Company shall appoint or continue the Directorship

of a Non-Executive Director who has attained the age of 75 years, unless

a special resolution is passed to that effect and justification thereof is

indicated in the explanatory statement annexed to the Notice for such

appointment.

Shri Jugal Kishore Baid, aged 80 years, is a non-executive Director of

the Company. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Science (Mechanical

Engineering) from Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra, Ranchi. He has

over 53 years of experience in engineering and has undertaken various

industrial training programmes with engineering companies. Prior

to joining the Board, he was associated with Hyderabad Allwyn Metal

Works and Jai Polypan Private Limited. He was involved in setting up

the rotational molding technology in Rajasthan for the manufacture of

multi layered and foam filled water storage containers under the brand

name “Polycon”. He has been associated with the Company since its

incorporation.

The Board of Directors is of the opinion that Shri Jugal Kishore Baid is

a person of integrity; possess relevant expertise and vast experience.

In line with the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations (Amendment), 2018 read with SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, your

directors recommend their continued association beyond September 30,

2022 and until expiry of his term. The brief resume of said Director, nature

of his expertise in functional areas, disclosure of relationships between

Directors, Directorships and Memberships of Committees of the Board

of Listed entities and shareholding as required under Regulation 36(3) of

the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 as amended is set out in this Notice as Annexure. The Board of

Directors accordingly recommends the Special Resolution as mentioned

at item no. 5.

Shri Himanshu Baid, Shri Rishi Baid and Smt. Mukulika Baid, directors of

the Company may be deemed to be interested, financially or otherwise,

in the resolutions as set out at item No. 5 of the Notice with regard to

continuance of his respective Directorship.

None of the other Directors and key managerial personnel are deemed

to be concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the proposed

special resolution, except to the extent of their shareholding in the

company.

Item No. 6

Approval for reappointment of Shri Vishal Baid as Sr. President

(Sales and Marketing)

a)

Name of the Related Party: Shri Vishal Baid

b)

Nature of Transactions: Re-appointment as Sr. President (Sales

and Marketing) for a term of Five years w.e.f 1st April, 2022:

Managing Director or Executive Director. Further pursuant to

regulations of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, all fees/compensation,

if any, paid to Non-Executive Directors of the Company, shall be fixed

by the Board of Directors and shall require the prior approval of the

Shareholders at a General Meeting.

Based on the recommendations of the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee in its meeting held on 04th August, 2022, the Board of

Directors in its meeting held on 04th August, 2022, subject to the

approval of the Shareholders, has approved the payment of Annual

Commission of `12,00,000 to each Non-Executive Director of the

Company with effect from 1st April, 2022 subject to the ceiling as

per Companies Act 2013, in addition to the sitting fees payable to

such directors for attending the Board and Committee meetings and

reimbursement of expenses, if any. All the Directors of the Company

and their relatives, may be deemed to be concerned or interested in

this Resolution to the extent of commission that may be payable to

them from time to time.

Item No. 8

Approval of remuneration payable to M/s. Jai Prakash & Company,

Cost Accountants, the Cost Auditor of the Company

The Board of Directors of the Company, on the recommendation of

the Audit Committee, approved the appointment and remuneration of

M/s. Jai Prakash & Company, Cost Accountants, to conduct the audit

of the cost records of the Company for the financial year ending 31st

March, 2023.

In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies

Act, 2013, read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014,

the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors is required to be

ratified by the Members of the Company.

Accordingly, consent of the Members is sought for passing an:

Managing Director,

Shri Rishi Baid, Joint: Managing Director, Smt.

Mukulika Baid, Director and Shri Vishal Baid, Sr.

President (Corporate Sales & Marketing).

Not Related to any Director and KMP

Directorship of other Companies

as on 31stMarch, 2022

M/s. Polycure Martech Limited

None

Managing Director, Shri Rishi Baid, Joint Managing

Director, Shri Naresh Vijayvergiya, Chief Financial Officer, Shri

Avinash Chandra, Company Secretary and Shri Ravi Prakash, Deputy

Company Secretary (appointed w.e.f. 24th May, 2022).

Board Evaluation

Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, the Board has carried out an annual evaluation of its own

performance, performance of the Directors as well as the evaluation

of the working of its Committees.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has defined the

evaluation criteria for the Board, its Committees and Directors.

The Board’s functioning was evaluated on various aspects, including

inter alia degree of fulfillment of key responsibilities, Board structure,

composition, establishment and delineation of responsibilities to

various Committees, effectiveness of Board processes, information

and functioning.

Directors were evaluated on aspects such as attendance and

contribution at Board/Committee Meetings and guidance/support

to the management outside Board/Committee Meetings. In addition,

the Chairman was also evaluated on key aspects of his role, including

setting the strategic agenda of the Board, encouraging active

engagement by all Board members.

Areas on which the Committees of the Board were assessed included

degree of fulfillment of key responsibilities, adequacy of Committee

composition and effectiveness of meetings.

The performance evaluation of the Independent Directors was carried

out by the entire Board, excluding the Director being evaluated. The

performance evaluation of the Chairman and the Non Independent

Directors was carried out by the Independent Directors who also

reviewed the performance of the Board as a whole. The Nomination

and Remuneration Committee also reviewed the performance of the

Board, its Committees and of the Directors.

Secretarial Standards

The Company has complied with the provisions of Secretarial

Standards on Meetings of the Board of Directors (SS-1) and on

General Meetings (SS-2).

Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Pursuant to Section 134(3)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board

of Directors, to the best of their knowledge hereby state and confirm

that:

a)

in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable

accounting standards have been followed and there are no

material departures.

b)

the directors have selected such accounting policies and

applied them consistently and made judgments and estimates

that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair

view of the state of affairs of the company at the end of the

financial year and of the profit of the company for that period.

c)

the directors have taken proper and sufficient care for the

maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance

with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding the assets of

the company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other

irregularities.

d)

the directors have prepared the annual accounts on a going

concern basis.

e)

the directors have laid down internal financial controls to be

followed by the company and such internal financial controls

are adequate and are operating effectively.

f)

the directors have devised proper systems to ensure compliance

with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems

are adequate and operating effectively.

CASH FLOW AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

As required under the regulation 34 (2)(c) of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations , 2015, a cash

flow statement is part of the Annual Report 2021 - 2022. Further, the

Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the financial

year 2021 - 2022 are prepared in compliance with the applicable

provisions of the Act, Accounting Standards and as prescribed by

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015. The said Financial Statements have been prepared on the basis:

Managing Director is annexed with this Report.

Management Discussion and Analysis Report

The Management Discussion and Analysis Report on the operations

of the Company, as required under the provision of Regulation 34 of

the Listing Regulation is provided in “Annexure-7” forming part of

Directors’ Report.

Listing

The Shares of your Company are listed on the BSE Limited (BSE),

Mumbai and National Stock Exchange of India Limited, (NSE),

Mumbai. The Listing fees to the Stock Exchanges for the year 2022-

23 have been paid.:

Managing Director

Annexure-1

REMUNERATION POLICY

Preamble:

Pursuant to the provisions of section 178 of the Companies Act,

2013, read with rule 6 of Companies (Meeting of Board and its

powers) rules, 2014, the Board of Directors of every listed Company

shall constitute the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

consisting of three or more Non-Executive Directors out of which

not less than one half shall be Independent Directors. The Board has

already constituted its Remuneration Committee comprising of Non-

Executive Independent Directors. In order to align with the provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there under the Board

in its meeting held on 15th May, 2014 has changed the nomenclature

of the Remuneration Committee to Nomination and Remuneration

Committee. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall

determine the criteria of appointment to the Board and is vested

with authority to identify candidates for appointment to the Board

and evaluate their performance. This policy has been formulated

by Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approved by the

Board of Directors in compliance with section 178 of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with rule 6 of Companies (Meeting of Board and its

powers) rules, 2014.

Objectives:

The primary objective of the policy is to provide a framework and

set standards for nomination, remuneration and evaluation of

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Officers comprising the

Senior Management. The Company aims to achieve a balance of

merit, experience and skills amongst its Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel and Senior Management.

The main objective of the policy and committee includes the

following:

•

To guide and recommend to the Board in relation to appointment

and removal of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior

Management Personnel.

•

To formulate the criteria for determining qualification, positive

attributes and independence of a Director and recommendation

to the Board on the remuneration payable to Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel and officials in Senior Management of

the Company.

•

Formulating the criteria for evaluation of the performance of

Directors, as well as Key Managerial and Senior Management

Personnel.

•

To guide on providing reward to Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel and Senior Management directly linked to their

efforts, performance, dedication and achievement relating to

the Company’s operations.

•

To retain, motivate and promote talent and to ensure long term

sustainability of talented Managerial Personnel and create

competitive advantage.

•

To develop a succession plan for the Board Members, Key

Managerial Personnel and Senior Management and to regularly

review the plan.

Constitution and Composition of Nomination and Remuneration

Committee:

I.

Membership of the Committee:

a)

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall

consist of a minimum 3 Non-Executive Directors, provided

one half shall be Independent Directors.

b)

Minimum two (2) members shall constitute a quorum for

the Committee meeting.

c)

Membership of the Committee shall be disclosed in the

Annual Report.:

Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer or Manager

(ii)

Whole Time Director

(iii) Company Secretary

(iv) Chief Financial Officer

“Nomination and Remuneration Committee” shall mean a Committee

of Board of Directors of the Company, constituted in accordance with

the provisions of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013.

“Policy” shall mean Nomination and Remuneration Policy.

“Remuneration” means any money or its equivalent given or passed

to any person for services rendered by him and includes perquisites

as defined under the Income Tax Act, 1961.

“Senior Management” mean personnel of the Company who are

members of its core management team excluding Board of Directors.

This would include all members of management one level below the

Executive Directors, including all the functional heads.

Applicability:

The Policy shall be applicable to all the Directors (Executive and

Non-Executive), Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management

Personnel of the Company.

Policy for appointment and removal of Director, KMP and Senior

Management:

I.

Appointment Criteria and Qualifications:

a)

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“Committee”)

shall identify and ascertain the integrity, qualification, expertise

and experience of the person for appointment as Director, KMP

and at Senior Management level and recommend to the Board

his/her appointment.

b)

A person should possess adequate qualification, expertise

and experience for the position he/she is considered for

appointment. The Committee has discretion to decide whether

qualification, expertise and experience possessed by a person

are sufficient / satisfactory for the concerned position.

c)

The Company shall not appoint or continue the employment of

any person as: Managing Director/Whole Time Director who has

attained the age of seventy years. Provided that the term of the

person holding this position may be extended beyond the age

of seventy years with the approval of shareholders by passing

a special resolution based on explanatory statement annexed

to the notice for such motion including the justification for

extension of appointment beyond the seventy years.

II.

Term/Tenure

a)

Managing Director, Whole Time Director and Executive Director

The Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person as its

Executive

Managing Director and Whole Time Director,

and its Manager in respect of any financial year shall not exceed

eleven percent of the net profits of the Company computed in the

manner laid down in section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013.

•

The Company with the approval of the shareholders and Central

Government may authorize the payment of remuneration

exceeding eleven percent of the net profits of the Company,

subject to the provisions of schedule V.

•

The Company with the approval of the shareholders, may

authorise the payment of remuneration upto five percent of the

net profit of the Company to anyone of its: Managing

Managing Director:

Managing Director):

Managing Director

to the median remuneration of the employees – 358 :1

– Ratio of the remuneration of Shri Rishi Baid, Joint: Managing

Managing Director is related to Shri Jugal Kishore Baid, Director, Smt. Mukulika Baid, Director and Shri Rishi Baid,

Joint: Managing

Managing Director of the

Company. He holds a bachelor’s degree in engineering (electronics

and communication) from Karnatak University, Dharwad, India.

He has over 25 years of experience in manufacturing, sales and

marketing of medical devices. He has been associated with the

Company since its incorporation.

Shri Rishi Baid

Shri Rishi Baid, aged 49 years, is an Executive Director of the Company.

He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering

and a master’s degree of science in mechanical engineering from

West Virginia University, USA. He has over 25 years of experience in

manufacturing, operations and R&D of medical devices. He has been

associated with the Company since its incorporation.

Shri Alessandro Balboni

Shri Alessandro Balboni, aged 60 Years, is a Non-Executive, Non-

Independent Director of the Company, He is accomplished market

driven executive, self-motivated and responsible individual with 21

years of experience in leading healthcare and sales. In his past career

Mr. Balboni was Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Delta Med SPA,

Italy. He has a Master’s degree from the University of Bologna, Italy.

Number of Board Meetings

The Board has the responsibility to monitor the Company’s progress

towards its goals and to revise and alter its direction in light of

changing circumstances. Board Meetings are scheduled as required

under the Listing Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013 and the

Rules made thereunder. At every regularly scheduled meeting, the

Board reviews recent developments if any, the regulatory compliance

position and the proposals for business growth that impact the

Company’s strategy.:

Managing Director, Mr. Rishi Baid, Joint: Managing

Managing Director(s)

and Whole Time Director(s) based on their performance and

defined assessment criteria.

•

To carry out any other function as is mandated by the Board

from time to time and/or enforced by any statutory notification,

amendment or modification, as may be applicable.

•

To perform such other functions as may be necessary or

appropriate for the performance of its duties.

Remuneration Policy

(i): Managing Director and Executive Director

The Managing Director and Executive Director are paid

remuneration within the range recommended by the

Remuneration Committee which is further approved by the

Board of Directors and the Shareholders of the Company in

General Meeting. The remuneration is decided considering

various factors such as qualification(s), experience(s),

expertise, and capability of the appointee, its contribution to

the Company’s growth, remuneration prevailing in the Industry,

Financial Position of the Company etc.

(ii)

Non-Executive Directors

The Non-Executive Directors are paid remuneration by way of

sitting fees for attending each meeting of Board of Directors

and Committee Meeting thereof and Commission. Each Non-

Executive Directors was paid a sum of ` 50,000/- by way of

sitting fee for attending each meeting of the Board of Directors

and a sum of ` 25,000/- sitting fee for attending Committees

meeting thereof.

Details of the sitting fees, commission and salary paid to all

the Directors for the year ended on 31st March, 2022 are given

hereunder:

(In ` lacs)

Name of the Member

Salary

Perqui-

sites

Com-

mission

Sitting

Fees

Total

Shri D.R. Mehta

-

9.00

3.50

12.50

Shri J.K. Baid

-

9.00

2.25

11.25

Smt. Mukulika Baid

-

9.00

2.25

11.25

Shri P.C. Surana

-

9.00

3.00

12.00

Dr. S.R. Mehta

-

9.00

3.25

12.25

Dr. Sandeep Bhargava

-

9.00

2.50

11.50

Shri Amit Khosla

-

9.00

3.00

12.00

Ms. Sonal Mattoo

-

9.00

2.00

11.00

Shri Himanshu Baid

492.08*

580.00

-

1,072.08

Shri Rishi Baid

462.59*

580.00

-

1,042.59

*Includes

allowances,

perquisites,

retirement

benefits

and

contribution to Provident Fund.

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR MEETING

During the year under review, the independent Directors met on 24th

May, 2021, inter-alia to discuss:



Evaluation of performance of Non-Independent Directors



Evaluation of the performance of the

Managing Director, in this regard is also given in this report.

New Delhi

D. R. Mehta

Himanshu Baid

4th August, 2022

Chairman: Managing

letter of credit issued by bankers ₹ 1,871.80 lacs

(Previous year ₹ 1,971.84 lacs), (Net of margins)

4,234.34

3,733.96

Bills discounted but not matured

789.80

696.33

Custom duty against import under EPCG Scheme

1,305.45

1,930.94

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not

provided for (net of advances given)

11,339.78

3,472.81

36 Financial Risk Management

The Company’s activities expose it to price risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk.

This note explains the source of risk which the company is exposed to and how it manages the risk and its impact on the financial

statement. These risks are managed by the senior management of the company supervised by the Board of Directors to minimize potential

adverse effects on the financial performance of the company.

Risk

Exposure arising from

Measurement

Management

Credit Risk

Cash & cash equivalent,

Financial instruments, Financial

assets & Trade Receivable

Credit Rating and ageing

analysis

Diversification of counter

Parties, setting of trade

receivable, review of outstanding

/ overdues:

Managing Director)

2

Mr. Rishi Baid (Joint: Managing

Managing director of the company. The company has regular review procedures in place and Managing

director reviews the operations of the company as a whole, Hence there are no reportable segments as per Ind AS 108 Operating segment.

Information about Geographical areas

The following information discloses revenue from customers based on geographical areas.

i)

Revenue on product group wise (Ind AS 108, Para 32)

(₹ in Lacs)

Particulars

Year ended

As at 31-Mar-22

As at 31-Mar-21

Medical Devices

87,369.89

73,819.85

87,369.89

73,819.85

ii) Revenue as per geographical area (Ind AS 108, Para 33 (a) )

(₹ in Lacs)

Particulars

Year ended

As at 31-Mar-22

As at 31-Mar-21

With in India

30,356.95

22,562.28

Outside India

57,012.94

51,257.57

87,369.89

73,819.85:

letter of credit issued by bankers ₹ 1,871.80 lacs

(Previous year ₹ 1971.84 lacs), (Net of margins)

4,234.34

3,733.96

Bills discounted but not matured

789.80

696.33

Custom duty against import under EPCG Scheme

1,305.45

1,930.94

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not

provided for (net of advances given)

11,339.78

3,472.81

36 Financial Risk Management

The Group activities expose it to price risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk.

This note explains the source of risk which the group is exposed to and how it manages the risk and its impact on the financial

statement. These risks are managed by the senior management of the group supervised by the Board of Directors to minimize potential

adverse effects on the financial performance of the group.

Risk

Exposure arising from

Measurement

Management

Credit Risk

Cash & cash equivalent,

Financial instruments, Financial

assets & Trade Receivable

Credit Rating and ageing

analysis

Diversification of counter Parties, setting

of trade receivable, review of outstanding

/ overdues

Liquidity Risk

Other Liabilities

Maturity Analysis

Maintenance of Sufficient cash and

cash Equivalent, Fixed Deposit & other

marketable securities

Market Risk - Foreign

exchange

Highly probable forecast trans-

actions

Sensitivity analysis

Forward Foreign Exchange Contracts

The Board of Directors of the group provides guiding principles for overall risk management, as well as policies covering specific areas i.e.

foreign exchange risk, credit risk & Investment of Surplus liquidity.:

Managing Director)

2

Mr. Rishi Baid (Joint: Managing

Managing Director & Joint: Managing

Managing director of the group. The Group has regular reviews procedures in place and Managing

director reviews the operations of the Group as a whole, Hence there are no reportable segments as per Ind AS 108 Operating segment.

Information about Geographical areas

The following information discloses revenue from customers based on geographical areas.

i)

Revenue on product group wise (Ind AS 108, Para 32)

(₹ in Lacs)

Particulars

Year ended

31-Mar-22

31-Mar-21

Medical Devices

91,688.79

77,503.53

91,688.79

77,503.53

ii) Revenue as per geographical area (Ind AS 108, Para 33 (a) )

(₹ in Lacs)

Particulars

Year ended

31-Mar-22

31-Mar-21

With in India

30,346.37

22,562.28

Outside India (Including Revenue of foreign subsidiaries)

61,342.42

54,941.25

91,688.79

77,503.53:

