Dear Stakeholders,

I am happy to present the 49th Integrated Annual Report of Torrent

Pharma. This is a special and a noteworthy year for all of us as it

marks the 50 years of incorporation of our Company. Over the last

five decades, we have grown into a leading global pharmaceutical

player serving more than 40 countries. We have been able to reach

this stage as a result of consistent delivery of our teams, and by

adhering to the core values that have been imbibed into our DNA

by our founder, Late Shri U N Mehta. On behalf of the Board and

management team, I would want to extend my deep appreciation

to our shareholders and partners whose confidence, trust and

belief have been essential to our success.

Economic Context

Our largest market, India, continues to be one of the fastest

growing major economies in the world. The nation continued its

strong recovery from the pandemic, albeit interrupted by a virulent

second wave of infections and a relatively milder third wave. The

Indian pharma market witnessed a parallel recovery along with

GDP growth and we are optimistic about the prospects of long

term growth owing to increasing accessibility and expanding

health infrastructure across the country. Torrent Pharma has

been privileged to play a role in providing access to Covid

related treatments like Molnupiravir and has also contributed

to strengthening our medical services infrastructure during the

pandemic.

While global macro environment has been volatile, Torrent

Pharma has remained relatively insulated in its markets of

operation. Inflationary pressures and volatility continue to drive

uncertainty on input costs. However, the learnings from Covid

have built a resilient organization that has now geared up

substantially to withstand any near term volatility or disruption

with strong controls in place.

Performance

Branded Generic (BGx) markets continue to remain our core area

of focus and receive highest priority for capital allocation. Market

share gains through operational excellence, therapy expansion

and investment in new products continue to be our pillars of

progress particularly in India and Brazil. We believe inorganic

growth will continue to be an integral part of our overall growth

strategy as we deleverage further. Long term strategic fits to our

core portfolio and bolt-on portfolio acquisitions have worked well

for us in the past, and we continue to explore similar opportunities

to further strengthen our offerings.

The underlying growth in our core BGx markets has been

strong. The India business registered a growth of 15% and

has outperformed the market in all major therapies. Our Brazil

business registered a strong growth of 18% where we continue

to be ranked No. 1 amongst Indian Companies. Our US

performance was impacted due to lack of new approvals and

pending reinspection of our facilities on account of covid.

During the year, we have taken a difficult decision of discontinuing

our liquids business in the US, considering the incremental

investments versus potential economic benefits due to changing

market conditions. Our German business faced headwinds due

to lower market growth recovery and increase in competition in

the tender segment. With incremental cost efficiency measures

already undertaken, we remain positive to deliver sustainable

growth over medium to long term. Overall, we have achieved

a revenue of ` 8,508 crores in 2021-22. EBITDA margins were

30.8%, growth of 4% and had base year impact of lower expenses

led by pandemic induced disruption. We continue to de-leverage

our balance sheet, with a net EBITDA of 1.3x by the end of 2021-

22 versus 1.6x in the previous year.

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

14:

letter along with necessary documents, reports and internal policies to enable them to familiarise with the Company’s

procedures and practices. The Company endeavours, through presentations at regular intervals, to familiarise the Independent Directors

with the strategy, operations and functioning of the Company and also with changes in the regulatory environment having a significant

impact on the operations of the Company and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole. Site visits to various plant locations and CSR

sites get organized for the Directors to enable them to understand the operations of and CSR activities carried out by the Company. The

Independent Directors also meet with senior management team of the Company in formal / informal gatherings.

The details of such familiarisation programmes for Independent Directors are posted on the website of the Company and can be accessed

at http://www.torrentpharma.com/pdf/cms/Familiarization_Programme_2021-22.pdf

(f)

Board Evaluation

The Evaluation of Board, its Committees, Individual Directors (Independent and Non Independent Directors) and Chairperson was carried

out as per the process and criteria laid down by the Board of Directors based on the recommendation of the NRC:

•

Chairperson of meeting of Independent Directors briefed the Board that the Independent Directors have carried out the performance

evaluation of the Board as a whole, its committees, the Non Independent Directors, Chairman and flow of information between the

management and the Board.

•

The evaluation of Chairperson was co-ordinated by the Chairperson of the Independent Directors meeting.

•

Pursuant to above, the Board expressed the satisfaction on the functioning of the Board, the Committees and performance of

Individual Directors.

•

The Independent Directors met on 25th January, 2022 with respect to the above process.

(g) Key Managerial Personnel

There was no change in the Key Managerial Personnel during the year under review

(h) Directors’ Responsibility Statement

In terms of Section134(3)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, in relation to financial statements of the Company for the year ended

31st March, 2022, the Board of Directors state that:

i.

the applicable Accounting Standards have been followed in preparation of the financial statements and there are no material

departures from the said standards;

ii.

reasonable and prudent accounting policies have been used in preparation of the financial statements and that they have been

consistently applied and that reasonable and prudent judgments and estimates have been made in respect of items not concluded

by the year end, so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company as at 31st March, 2022 and of the profit for

the year ended on that date;

iii.

proper and sufficient care has been taken for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013, for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;

iv.

the financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis;

v.

proper internal financial controls were in place and were adequate and operating effectively; proper systems to ensure compliance

with the provisions of applicable laws were in place and were adequate and operating effectively.

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

104:

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors, Independent

Directors and other non-executive Directors) and other employees (under senior management cadre and management cadre). The

Policy has been formulated with the following key objectives:

•

To ensure that employee remuneration is in alignment with business strategy & objectives, organisation values and long-term

interests of the organisation.

•

To ensure objectivity, fairness and transparency in determination of employees’ remuneration.

•

To ensure the level and composition of remuneration are reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate a high performance

workforce and are in compliance with all applicable laws.

It covers various heads of remuneration including benefits for Directors and employees. It also covers the process followed with respect

to annual performance reviews and variables considered for revision in the remuneration. The said Policy is available on the website of

the Company www.torrentpharma.com.

(b) Criteria for Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors (NEDs):

1.

The payment of commission to the Directors of the Company who are neither in the whole time employment nor Managing

Director(s) (NEDs) is approved by the shareholders of the Company and is subject to the condition that total commission paid to the

NEDs shall not exceed the percentage limits of the net profit of the Company as specified in the Companies Act, 2013 (presently

1% of the net profit), calculated in accordance with Section 197 read with Section 198 and any other applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013.

Further, as per the Regulation 17(6)(ca) of the Listing Regulations, approval of the shareholders by special resolution shall be

required every year, in which the annual remuneration payable to a single NED exceeds fifty per cent of the total annual remuneration

payable to all NEDs, giving details of the remuneration thereof.

2.

The Board or its Committee specifically authorised for this purpose, determines the manner and extent upto which the commission

is paid to the NEDs within the limit as approved by the shareholders. The commission is determined based on the participation of

the Directors in the meetings of Board and / or Committees thereof, as well as on industry practice, performance of the Company

and contribution by the Directors, etc.

3.

Payment of Commission is made annually on determination of profit.

4.

Sitting fees of ` 1 lakh is paid to Independent Directors for each meeting of the Board or any Committee thereof attended by them.

5.

Independent Directors are reimbursed for all the expenses incurred for attending any meeting of the Board or Committees thereof

and which may arise from performance of any special assignments given by the Board.

(c) Remuneration to Managerial Personnel

The details of remuneration paid to the Managerial Personnel forms part of the Corporate Governance Report.

(d) Particulars of Employees and related disclosures

In terms of the provisions of Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, disclosures pertaining to remuneration and other details are provided in the

Annexure C to this Report.

AUDITORS

(a) Statutory Auditors

B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 101248W/W-100022), were appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the

Company to hold office for five years from the conclusion of Forty Fourth AGM held with respect to the financial year 2016-17, up to the

conclusion of the Forty Ninth AGM.

The Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 25th May, 2022, based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee

have made recommendation for re-appointment of B S R & Co. LLP as the Statutory Auditors of the Company by the Members at the

Forty Ninth AGM of the Company for a second term of five years i.e. from the conclusion of Forty Ninth AGM till the conclusion of Fifty

Forth AGM of the Company to be held with respect to the financial year 2026-27. Accordingly, a resolution, proposing to the aforesaid

re-appointment of M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, as the Statutory Auditors of the Company forms part of the Notice of the Forty Ninth AGM of

Accelerating Growth with Sustainability 105

Corporate

Overview

Sustainable

Value Creation

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure “A” and forms an integral part of this report.

For M. C. Gupta & Co,

Company Secretaries

UCN: S1986GJ003400

Mahesh C. Gupta

Proprietor

FCS: 2047 (CP: 1028)

Peer Review: 579/2019

UDIN: F002047D000381866

Ahmedabad

25th May, 2022

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

116:

Letter;

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial Record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on Secretarial Records based on our Audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial Records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

Secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of the

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of the procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Annexure A

Accelerating Growth with Sustainability 117

Corporate

Overview

Sustainable

Value Creation

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

letter dated 3rd September 2018 and addendum to the

engagement: letter dated 15th May 2020.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Torrent Pharmaceuticals Limited (“the Company”),

for the year ended 31st March 2022, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C,

D and E of Schedule V of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 as amended from time to time (“Listing Regulations”) pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the Company with Stock Exchanges.

Management’s Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under the Listing Regulations is the responsibility of the

Company’s Management including the preparation and maintenance of all the relevant records and documents. This responsibility

includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the

conditions of Corporate Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditors’ Responsibility

4.

Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the

conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance whether the Company

has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year ended 31st March 2022.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance compliance by the Company in accordance with the Guidance

Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance

both issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”), in so far as applicable for the purpose of this

certificate. The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms

that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that the Company has

complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on use

10. The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling the Company to

comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not be used by any other person or for any other purpose.

Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this

certificate is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

Jamil Khatri

Partner

Membership No: 102527

UDIN:22102527AJNWUF6735

Place: Mumbai

Date: 25th May, 2022

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

118

Managing Director

1 (Chairperson)

2 (Member)

Nayantara Bali

-

-

-

-

Jinesh Shah, Director (Operations)

-

-

-

-

Notes:

1.

These numbers exclude the Directorship / Committee Membership held in the Company and in private limited companies, foreign companies,

companies registered under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013. Further, it includes only the Chairmanship / Membership of the Audit

Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee. All Directors have informed the Company about the committee positions they occupy

in other companies as per Regulation 26 of Listing Regulations, which were placed before the Board.

Except Sudhir Mehta and Samir Mehta, who are related to each other as brothers, none of the other Directors are related to any

other Director on the Board in terms of definition of ‘relative’ as per the Companies Act, 2013.

Shareholding of Non-Executive Directors:

Details of the equity shares held by Non-Executive Directors as on 31st March, 2022 are as under:

*Including shares held as Karta of HUF

# held as second holder jointly with Sushil Kanubhai Shah

Jinesh Shah is liable to retire by rotation at the forthcoming AGM and being eligible, has offered himself for re-appointment.

Relevant details pertaining to him are provided in the notice of the AGM.

All IDs of the Company have furnished declarations that they qualify the conditions of being independent as per Section 149(6) of the

Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. These were placed before the Board. The Board, based

on such declarations, has verified the veracity of such disclosures and confirmed that the IDs fulfil the conditions of Independence

specified in the Listing Regulations and are independent of the management of the Company.

The IDs of the Company met on 25th January, 2022 under the chairmanship of Nayantara Bali without the presence of

Non-Independent Directors to review the performance of Non-Independent Directors, the Board, Committees and the Chairperson.

The meeting also reviewed the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information between the Company and the Board.

The terms and conditions of appointment of Independent Directors have been placed on the website of the Company

www.torrentpharma.com. The details of familiarization programmes for Independent Directors have been provided in the

Directors’ Report and posted on the website of the Company and can be accessed at the web link http://www.torrentpharma.

com/pdf/cms/Familiarization_Programme_2021-22.pdf .

Name of the Director

Nos of Equity shares

Sudhir Mehta

200*

Shailesh Haribhakti

10,475

Ameera Shah

750#

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

180:

letter, determining the form, proportion and manner of the issue, including

the class of investors to whom the Securities are to be allotted, number of Securities to be allotted, issue price, premium amount

on issue / conversion / exercise / redemption, rate of interest, redemption period, fixing record date, listings on one or more stock

exchanges in India or abroad, entering into arrangements for managing, underwriting, marketing, listing and trading, to issue

placement documents and to sign all deeds, documents and writings and to pay any fees, commissions, remuneration, expenses

relating thereto and for other related matters and with power on behalf of the Company to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts

that may arise in regard to such offer(s) or issue(s) or allotment(s) as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem fit.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Securities to be created, issued, allotted and offered in terms of this Resolution shall be subject

to the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and shall be issued in dematerialized form.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Equity Shares so issued shall in all respects rank pari passu with the existing Equity Shares of

the Company and shall be listed with the stock exchanges where the Company’s existing equity shares are listed.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to issue and allot such number of Equity Shares as may be

required to be issued and allotted upon conversion of any Securities or as may be necessary in accordance with the terms of the

offering and all such Equity Shares shall rank pari passu with the existing Equity Shares in all respects.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to appoint merchant bankers, underwriters, depositories,

custodians, registrars, trustees, bankers, lawyers, advisors and all such agencies as may be involved or concerned in the issue

and to remunerate them by way of commission, brokerage, fees or the like (including reimbursement of their actual expenses) and

also to enter into and execute all such arrangements, contracts / agreements, memorandum, documents, etc., with such agencies,

to seek the listing of Securities on one or more recognized stock exchange(s), to affix common seal of the Company on any

arrangements, contracts / agreements, memorandum, documents, etc. as may be required.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above, the Board be and is hereby authorised in consultation

with the merchant banker(s), advisors and / or other intermediaries as may be appointed in relation to the issue of Securities, is

authorised to take all actions and do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary,

desirable or expedient for the issue and allotment of Securities and listing thereof with the stock exchanges or otherwise as may be

required in relation to the issue and to resolve and settle all questions and difficulties that may arise in the issue, offer and allotment

of Securities, including finalization of the number of Securities to be issued in each tranche thereof, form, terms and timing of the

issue of Securities including for each tranche of such issue of Securities, identification of the investors to whom Securities are to

be offered, utilization of the proceeds and other related, incidental or ancillary matters as the Board may deem fit at its absolute

discretion, to make such other applications to concerned statutory or regulatory authorities as may be required in relation to the

issue of Securities and to agree to such conditions or modifications that may be imposed by any relevant authority or that may

otherwise be deemed fit or proper by the Board and to do all acts, deeds, matters and things in connection therewith and incidental

thereto as the Board in its absolute discretion deems fit and to settle any questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in relation

to any of the aforesaid or otherwise in relation to the issue of Securities.”

Corporate

Overview

Sustainable

Value Creation

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Accelerating Growth with Sustainability 335:

letter to RTA mentioning the name, Folio no, bank details, self-attested copy of PAN Card and original cancelled cheque leaf along

with Form ISR-1. In case of absence of name of the first shareholder on the original cancelled cheque, bank attested copy of first

page of the bank passbook / statement of accounts in original along with Original cancelled cheque. Format of the Form ISR-1

and other required details are available on the website of the Company at the link https://www.torrentpharma.com/index.php/

investors/shareHolder

21. Process for those Members whose email ids are not registered with the Depositories or the Company for obtaining login credentials

for e-voting:

•

Members holding shares in physical form may request for the same along with providing necessary details like Folio No., Name of

Member, self attested scan copy of PAN Card and Aadhar Card by email to investorservices@torrentpharma.com

•

Members holding shares in demat form may request for the same along with providing Demat account details (CDSL-16 digit

beneficiary ID or NSDL - 8 character DPID + 8 character Client ID), Name of Member, client master or copy of Consolidated Account

statement, self attested scan copy of PAN Card and Aadhar Card by email to investorservices@torrentpharma.com

22. Process for updation of email ids / mobile no of the members whose email ids / mobile no. are not registered with the Company or

Depositories:

•

Members holding shares in physical form - Update your email id and mobile no by providing Form ISR-1 and ISR-2 available on the

website of the Company / RTA.

•

Members holding shares in demat form – Update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository Participant (DP); for

individual members holding shares in demat form, updation of email id & mobile no. is mandatory for e-voting and joining virtual

meetings through depositories.

23. Since the AGM will be held through VC / OAVM in accordance with the MCA Circulars, the route map, proxy form and attendance

slip are not attached to the Notice.

24. The helpline number regarding any query / assistance for participation in the AGM through VC / OAVM are 022-23058738 or

022-23058543 or 022-23058542 or Toll free No. 1800 22 55 33.

25. Voting process and instruction regarding remote e-voting:

Section A: Voting Process:

Members should follow the following steps to cast their votes electronically:

Login method for e-voting and joining virtual meeting for individual members holding shares in demat form:

i.

Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 9th December, 2020, under Regulation 44 of the Listing

Regulations, Listed Companies are required to provide remote e-voting facility to its members, in respect of all members’ resolutions.

Corporate

Overview

Sustainable

Value Creation

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Accelerating Growth with Sustainability 339:

Letter etc. together with

attested specimen signature of the duly authorised signatories who are authorised to vote, to the scrutinizer at the e-mail id

rpap@csrajeshparekh.in, if they have voted from individual tab and not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for the

scrutinizer to verify the same.

iv.

Members holding multiple folios / demat accounts shall choose the voting process separately for each folio / demat account.

v.

In case you have any queries or issues regarding e-voting, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and e-voting

manual available at www.evotingindia.com, under help section or contact Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, Sr. Manager, CDSL, A Wing,

25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mills Compounds, N. M. Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai – 400013 or write an email

to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or calling on 022-23058738 or 022-23058543 or 022-23058542 or Toll free no-1800 22 55 33

during working hours on all working days.

26. Voting process and instruction regarding e-voting at AGM are as under:

a.

The procedure for e-voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

b.

Only those Members, who will be present in the AGM through VC / OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on the

Resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting

system available in the AGM.

c.

Members who have voted through remote e-voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be eligible to vote

at the AGM.

27. Instruction for members for attending the AGM through VC / OAVM are as under:

a.

The link for VC / OAVM to attend the AGM will be available where the EVSN of the Company will be displayed after successful

login as per instruction mentioned above for remote e-voting.

b.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops / IPads for better experience. Please note that Participants

connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio / Video

loss due to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to

mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

c.

For ease of conduct, Members who would like to express their views / ask questions during the meeting may register

themselves as a speaker by sending their request atleast 10 days prior to the date of meeting mentioning their name, demat

account number / folio number, email id, mobile number at investorservices@torrentpharma.com. The shareholders who

do not wish to speak during the AGM but have queries may send their queries mentioning their name, demat account number

/ folio number, email id, mobile number at investorservices@torrentpharma.com. These queries will be replied to by the

Company suitably by email.

d.

Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ ask questions

during the meeting. Further the shareholders will be required to allow the camera for participation in the meeting as speaker.

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

342:

