managing director

of Lehumo Women’s Investment Holdings

and also previously held the role of HRD/

Transformation Executive at Tongaat Hulett

Group. Her considerable and varied experience

includes human resource consulting, change

management and B-BBEE investing.

Committee membership.

^

2. Tshidi Mokgabudi (68)

CA(SA), Dip in Tax Law, BCompt (Hons),

BCompt and BCom (Economics & Industrial

Psychology)

Date of appointment

15 October 2020

Significant directorships

● Truworths Ltd

Skills and expertise

Tshidi is a Chartered Accountant with extensive

experience in Board and executive leadership,

as well as governance, spanning across

both the public and private sectors. She has

extensive financial expertise, business acumen

and leadership qualities, with more than

30 years of accounting, auditing and advisory

experience within the public and private sectors.

Committee membership

**

3. Prof Herman Singh (61)

BSc (Mech Eng), GDE (Industrial Engineering),

MBA

Date of appointment

6 September 2018

Significant directorships

● Telkom Limited; and

● African Bank

Skills and expertise

Herman’s focus on the convergence of

technology and business has resulted in him

taking on a number of key technology-focused

roles at MTN, Vodacom and Standard Bank.

Committee membership

4. Ronel van Dijk (50)

CA(SA)

Date of appointment

6 June 2019

Significant directorships

● PPC Ltd;

● Grand Parade Investments Ltd; and

● Omnia Holdings Limited (director)

Skills and expertise

Ronel is an experienced CFO with exposure

to corporate governance, internal controls and

risk management, strategy development and

implementation, and leadership development.

She was previously CFO of Spur Corporation

and CFO of PPC Limited.

Committee membership

5. Melvyn Lubega (33)

BBusSc (Hons) Actuarial Science, MSc Learning

and Technology (Oxford), MPP (Oxford)

Date of appointment

1 July 2020

Significant directorships

● Go1 (Co-founder and director); and

● NEMISA NPC (National Electronic Media

Institute of South Africa)

Skills and expertise

Melvyn is an actuary by training and is an

experienced technology entrepreneur and

executive who has built businesses that serve

customers worldwide. As a referenced thought

leader, he has been invited to speak both abroad

and locally on digital transformation, disruptive

innovation, the future of the workforce, as well as

business strategy.

Committee membership

6. Cecil Maswanganyi (56)

BCompt, MBL (UNISA), Postgraduate Diploma

in Taxation, CIMA Adv Dip MA

Date of appointment

1 March 2017 (previously an alternate director

from 11 July 2012)

Significant directorships

● Simeka Group (executive director);

● Simeka Capital Holdings;

● Verge Management Services; and

● Salungano Group

Skills and expertise

Cecil is Group Chief Executive Officer of the

Simeka Group, a private equity investment firm.

His experience encompasses deal structuring,

strategy and public sector. He was Group

General Manager: Strategy at Transnet and

was involved in Public Sector Consulting at

Accenture.

Committee membership

*

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVES

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Key

Audit and risk committee (ARC)

* InvestCom chair

** ARC chair

^ SESCom chair

† HCC chair

Human capital committee (HCC)

In memoriam

Michael “Mike” Spicer was appointed to

the Board as the Group’s lead independent

director in August 2013 and served as a

member of the human capital committee

and the audit and risk committee until his

passing in March 2022.

Mike was highly regarded and respected

in his role as lead independent director,

and leaves behind him a proud legacy

of principled and measured leadership.

Mike will be sorely missed by his fellow

directors, Adcorp management and all who

knew him at Adcorp.

The Board extends its deepest sympathies

and condolences to Mike’s family.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

64

ACCOUNTABILITY:

Managing Director: Training (effective 1 March 2022)

Joined Group: August 2003

6. Unathi Thosago

Chief Technology Officer

Joined Group: April 2022

7. Rob de Grooth: Managing

managing director

for Training and subsequently as: managing director for

Professional from 1 March 2022. Bruce Toerien took on the

role as managing director for Training from 1 March 2022

while still maintaining the role and responsibilities of the

chief commercial officer. The Group seeks to find a suitable

replacement as chief commercial officer in due course.

Unathi Thosago was appointed in April 2022 as the chief

technology officer for the Group. Kay Vittee resigned as

managing director for Professional and exited the Group

in February 2022. Megan Woodbury has resigned as chief

operations officer in Australia and will exit the Group at the

end of June 2022. A search for her replacement is currently

underway.

The Board is satisfied that the executive team is adequately

capacitated to deliver on the Group’s strategic priorities.

Succession planning

The Adcorp nomination committee addresses the Board

succession plans at its meetings. Board succession remains

a key focus area for Adcorp and we will continue to review

the plans, applying best practice in line with the King IV™

guidelines. During FY2022, we extended this focus on

succession planning to the top two levels of leadership.

The talent review for the executive and senior management

teams took place in November 2022. This will ensure that

the Group’s succession plans remain relevant and can

easily be implemented without any significant delay ensuring

leadership for business community.

Shareholder engagement and voting

The non-binding advisory vote by shareholders on Adcorp’s

remuneration policy and implementation report at the AGM

held on 29 July 2021, resulted in a vote in favour of 76,12% for

the remuneration policy and 75,53% for the implementation

report.

The resolution on ‘non-binding advisory vote on the

remuneration policy and implementation report’, as set out in

the IAR FY2021 on page 79, did obtain the required support

of at least 75% of the votes cast as provided by King IV™.

Adcorp values engagement with shareholders on matters

relating to remuneration and will continue to encourage

shareholders to share their views with the chairman of HCC

in this regard.

Should 25% or more of the votes be casted against the

remuneration policy and/or implementation report, Adcorp

undertakes to engage with shareholders as to the reasons

therefore. The manner and timing of such engagement,

if required, shall be communicated in the voting results

announcement.

The implementation report is set out below on page 90 to

enable shareholders to understand the Adcorp remuneration

policy and how it has been applied to the executive

management team in FY2022. The remuneration policy also

delineates the metrics used for both STI and LTI performance

measures.

The committee continues to refine the remuneration policy,

disclosure of activities and the implementation of the

remuneration policy. The executive directors engage regularly

with shareholders in an open and transparent manner on the

Group’s performance.

We trust that the remuneration report provides clarity on

the matters relating to remuneration and we look forward to

engaging in this regard.

Sam Sithole

letter terms, audit plan including

the materiality levels proposed and budgeted audit fees for

the year under review. There is a formal procedure and policy

that governs the process whereby the auditor is considered

for non-audit services.

The committee continuously assesses the impact of

the overall audit professional environment and current

challenges. The external auditor shared risk management

priorities and response thereto. The committee thus satisfied

itself of the continued independence and competence of the

auditor.

The audit and risk committee has requested and has been

provided with all decision letters/explanations issued by

IRBA or any other regulator and any summaries relating

to monitoring procedures/deficiencies issued by Deloitte &

Touche.

FY2023

The Independent Regulatory Board for Auditors (IRBA) has

determined that from 2023 all South African public interest

entities must comply with mandatory audit firm rotation.

Following careful consideration including the need for rotation

of external auditors, the board of directors of Adcorp

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

101

ACCOUNTABILITY:

letter of representation to do so.

This must be done in terms of the agreement entered into between the shareholder and the CSDP or stockbroker concerned.

Any shareholder having difficulties or queries with regard to the above may contact the company secretary via email at

companysecretary@adcorpgroup.com.

By order of the Board

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

142

SHAREHOLDER

INFORMATION:

