letter of representation) in terms of the custody agreement entered into between such

shareholders and their CSDP, CSDB or broker.

6. Dematerialised shareholders, other than own-name registered dematerialised shareholders,

who are unable to attend the AGM and who wish to be represented thereat, must provide

their CSDP, CSDB or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the custody agreement

entered into between themselves and the CSDP, CSDB or broker in the manner and time

stipulated therein. Such shareholders should contact their CSDP, CSDB or broker regarding

the cut-off time for their voting instructions.

7. Electronic participation

Shareholders who intend to attend and participate in the AGM electronically and who wish

to vote thereat are required to contact TMS at proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za by submitting

the completed registration form, annexed to this notice of AGM as Annexure A, as soon as

possible, but no later than 09:00 am on Wednesday, 24 May 2023. Shareholders who wish to

attend the AGM electronically should instruct their CSDP, CSDB or broker to issue them with

the necessary: letter of representation to attend the AGM as stipulated in the agreement with

their custodians.

A virtual meeting guide for shareholders is annexed in this notice of AGM as Annexure B.

Although the electronic platform provides for voting during the AGM, shareholders are

strongly encouraged to submit their votes by proxy prior to the meeting to TMS at

proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za.

8. Identification

In terms of section 63(1) of the South African Companies Act, any person attending or

participating in an AGM must present reasonably satisfactory identification. Upon receiving

the registration form, TMS will follow a verification process to be reasonably satisfied that

the right of any person to participate in and vote (whether as a shareholder or as proxy for a

shareholder) has been verified.

TMS will request certain particulars from shareholders when receiving the registration form to

comply with this verification process and the following identification will be required:

•

if the shareholder is an individual, a certified copy of his/her identity document and/or

passport and/or driver’s licence;

•

if the shareholder is not an individual, a certified copy of a resolution by the relevant entity

to represent the entity, and a certified copy of the identity documents and/or passports

of the persons who passed the relevant resolution. This resolution must set out who from

the relevant entity is authorised to represent the relevant entity at the AGM via electronic

communication; and

•

a valid email address and/or mobile telephone number.

9. Voting will be performed by way of a poll and, accordingly, each shareholder who is

participating via the electronic platform or by proxy at the AGM shall have one vote for every

share held or represented.

10. Save where otherwise indicated, all times reflected in this notice of AGM and in the

accompanying form of proxy refer to South African Standard Time (identical to Botswana

Standard Time).

By order of the board

Ms Bernadien Naude

Company secretary

Centurion

28 April 2023

Notice of Annual General Meeting continued

