Letter of credits

(14 491)

(20 204)

Unutilised balance

544 011

549 992

These facilities have been secured in terms of note 33.

Loan facilities

2022

R000’s

2021

R000’s

Available facility

750 032

768 955

Utilised

(741 540)

(768 955)

Non-current portion

(525 594)

(649 997)

Current portion

(215 946)

(118 958)

Notes to the financial statements

for the year ended 31 March (continued)

124 | Deneb Investments Limited Integrated Annual Report 2022:

letter of representation to do so.

Certificated shareholders or own name dematerialised

shareholders who are entitled to attend and vote at the

AGM are entitled to appoint a proxy to attend, participate

in and vote at the AGM in their stead. A proxy need not

also be a shareholder of the company. The completion

of a form of proxy will not preclude a shareholder from

attending the AGM.

APPROVALS REQUIRED FOR

RESOLUTIONS

Unless otherwise specifically provided in this notice of

AGM, for any of the ordinary resolutions to be adopted,

50% (fifty percent) of the voting rights plus 1 (one) vote

exercised on each such ordinary resolution must be

exercised in favour thereof. For any special resolutions

to be adopted, at least 75% (seventy-five percent) of the

voting rights exercised on each special resolution must be

exercised in favour thereof.

By order of the board

Cheryl Philip

Company secretary

Cape Town

20 July 2022

146 | Deneb Investments Limited Integrated Annual Report 2022:

letter of representation

or you must instruct your CSDP or broker to vote by proxy on

your behalf in terms of the agreement entered into between

yourself and the CSDP or broker.

3. A member entitled to attend and vote at the annual general

meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend, speak and

vote in his/her stead. A proxy need not be a member of the

company.

4. All voting will be by way of poll. Every person present and

entitled to vote at the meeting as a member or as a proxy or

as a representative of a body corporate shall have 1 (one) vote

for each ordinary share held.

5. Please insert the relevant number of shares/votes and indicate

with a cross in the appropriate spaces on the face hereof,

how you wish your votes to be cast. If you return this form

duly signed without any specific directions, the proxy will vote

or abstain from voting at his/her discretion.

6. A deletion of any printed details and the completion of any

blank space/s need not be signed or initialled. Any alteration

must be initialled.

7. The chairperson of the annual general meeting shall be entitled

to decline to accept the authority of the signatory under a power

of attorney, or on behalf of a company, unless the power of

attorney or authority is produced or has been registered.

8. The signatory may insert the name of any person/s whom

the signatory wishes to appoint as his/her proxy, in the blank

space/s provided for that purpose.

9. When there are joint holders of shares and if more than one

such joint holder is present or represented, then the person

whose name stands first in the register in respect of such

shares or his/her proxy, as the case may be, shall alone be

entitled to vote in respect thereof.

10. A minor should be assisted by his parent or legal guardian

unless the relevant documents establishing his legal capacity

are produced or have been registered.

11. The completion and lodging of this proxy form will not preclude

the signatory from attending the annual general meeting and

speaking and voting in person thereat to the exclusion of any

proxy appointed in terms hereof should such signatory wish

to do so.

12. A shareholder’s instructions must be indicated by the insertion

of a cross or, where applicable, the relevant number of votes

exercisable by the shareholder, in the appropriate box of this

proxy form.

13. If the signatory does not indicate how he/she wishes to vote

in the appropriate place/s on the face hereof in respect of the

resolution, his/her proxy shall be entitled to vote as he/she

deems fit in respect of the resolutions.

14. If the shareholding is not indicated on the proxy form, the proxy

will be deemed to be authorised to vote the total shareholding.

15. The chairperson of the annual general meeting may reject

or accept any proxy form which is completed other than

in accordance with these instructions, provided that he is

satisfied as to the manner in which a shareholder wishes

to vote.

16. Forms of proxy will not be accepted unless they have

been returned by the shareholders concerned to

Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited,

Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank 2196

(Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold 2132) or e-mailed to

proxy@computershare.co.za before the proxy exercises any

rights of the shareholder at the meeting.

148 | Deneb Investments Limited Integrated Annual Report 2022:

