Letter to shareholders

10

Geographical footprint

12

Operating structure

14

Operational overview

32

Board of directors

34

Report of the audit and risk committee

38

King IV™ report by principle

48

Report of the remuneration committee

•

Remuneration principles

•

Remuneration implementation report

59

Report of the social and ethics committee

•

Broad-Based Black Eeconomic Empowerment

•

Environmental sustainability

•

Corporate social investment – HCI Foundation

67

Directors’ report

69

Approval by the board of directors

69

Declaration by company secretary

70

Shareholders’ snapshot

72

Summarised annual financial statements

88

Shareholders’ calendar

88

Corporate administration

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

HOSKEN CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENTS LIMITED

1:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

JA Copelyn

Chief Executive Officer

Last year we reported that our key achievement

was surviving the most bitter storm of a pandemic

that threatened the very existence of our company.

That success had two key components. The first was

reducing our debt to the satisfaction of the banks

without fire sales of assets or a rights issue in any of

our businesses. The second was protecting the growth

prospects of our business by meeting the cash needs of

growing associate companies despite the general stress

within our holding company.

This year we start with the fruits of that success and the

controversies it entailed.

Impact Oil and Gas:

The key event in the life of HCI in the last year,

overshadowing all doom and gloom caused by Covid and

the unspeakable orchestration of looting that overtook

many parts of KZN and some of Gauteng in July last

year, has been our discovery of oil and gas offshore

Namibia. This discovery has the potential to be utterly

transformative for the Namibian economy in a few years.

The current GDP of that country is about $11 billion a year.

The development of our blocks over the next eight to ten

years could well result in it producing a million barrels

of oil a day or more, as well as extracting huge volumes

of gas. If this takes place, the oil alone will add some

$35 billion a year to the GDP of Namibia at current prices.

The effect on its government will be even more dramatic.

The state budget is currently about $4 billion a year.

It will earn more than 60% of oil revenues in one form

of taxation or another, lifting its funds above $25 billion

a year. Further, our discovery is not the only one in that

country to date, nor is it necessarily the last.

The discovery will no doubt create major challenges for

Namibia. If it can manage these challenges well it ought

to allow the country to lift itself by its own bootstraps

unrecognizably. It is our fervent hope that it will succeed and

that our exploration work, as well as our subsequent farm-

out to Total will have played a key role in facilitating this.

As much as Namibia has its work cut out to absorb this

windfall, so HCI, likewise, is greatly challenged to turn

our participation in this discovery to the most lucrative

outcome we can. We are too small a company to follow

successful exploration like this through development

phases which will themselves cost tens of billions of

dollars. Even so, the discovery has almost doubled the

price of our share and we hope to be able to extract

a fair value for our participation to date over the

next year or two.

Alongside this success, we have experienced major

opposition from Greenpeace and other groups doing their

best to obstruct exploration work in South African blocks.

Environmental groups argue that there has been enough

oil and gas discovered in the world to carry it through

a transition period during which the world should be

converting all energy sources to wind and solar solutions.

In the circumstances they believe there should be no

exploration for hydrocarbons in South Africa whatsoever

and we should simply import the fossil fuels we need in

the short term while we convert as rapidly as possible to

renewable sources of energy.

Their approach has been supported by much of the local

media as well as many academic and other think tanks.

Recently a two-year study by the National Business

Initiative (“NBI”), Business Unity SA and Boston Consulting

Group was published promoting a model road map for

South Africa to move beyond fossil fuels. It states that

the road map was developed “in consultation” with more

than 400 expert stakeholders in business, government,

civil society and labour and that it presents “a range of

scenarios, each of them feasible, net zero and within the

realms of possibility”. Admittedly, the writers qualify this

by adding that the chances of success of each scenario

depend on “highly complex” factors including “major policy

decisions, enormous mobilization of finances, disruptive

behavioural changes, our ability to rapidly reskill workers…

and factors out of our control like global economic and

technical drivers.”

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

HOSKEN CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENTS LIMITED

4:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (Continued)

of hydrogen a year and it currently produces only about

75 million metric tons (most of which is not green but is

made from methane rather than water) and it is expected

to grow only at single digit percentages per annum for the

next decade.

Realistically, South Africa also has virtually no prospects

of completely eliminating the need for access to refined

fuels for transport by 2050.

We have struggled to appreciate the logic in the idea that,

because other countries found oil before we did, this should

mean that we must import their oil to their great economic

advantage at more than double the cost to our fiscus

rather than develop our own resources. Dependence on

imported fuel places any country in the most vulnerable

position, as Western Europe has discovered to its great

displeasure.

We think it is a false logic to insist that sourcing needed

fuel locally makes no difference to South Africa. It seems

blind to us not to see what a staggering difference it

will make to the state’s financing, its ability to increase

poverty alleviation programmes, increase infrastructural

development and generally promote the growth of our

country’s economy.

We do not suggest we should hold back any programme

to develop renewable energy or to efficiently store it.

Quite the contrary, the faster we proceed with such

solutions the better. We simply say that importing fossil

fuels for the transitional decades is no solution to our

pressing need for fossil fuels in the meantime.

As important as our discovery in Namibia is for that

country, South Africa has as much to gain from finding

such reserves in its territorial waters and the failure to

explore will not lessen our dependence on fossil fuels.

It will simply make their use far more expensive to our

economy.

The fact that HCI has persisted in efforts to explore our

oceans for hydrocarbons has meant it has been targeted

in social media and other campaigns aimed at resisting

South Africa developing its own oil and gas reserves.

Despite the fierceness of the environmental lobby attacks

on exploration work we cannot solve the problems of

global warming simply by bad mouthing every company

that seeks to explore for hydrocarbons in South Africa

and trivializing the significance of huge direct foreign

investment into our country that success will cause.

It may sound progressive to some ears, but we cannot

simply wish away our dependence on fossil fuels by

insisting on greener solutions more rapidly than is possible.

Recovery of HCI Operating Businesses:

Prior to Covid, HCI typically earned about R1,1 billion a year

in headline earnings. The extreme effect Covid had on the

group last year is amply demonstrated by the fact that our

earnings that year were reduced to R230 million of which

R180 million was essentially a windfall occasioned by the

settlement of our dispute with Ithuba. The hotel sector in

particular experienced a negative swing of R418 million

from the previous year and gaming a further R688 million

in our earnings. If not for the robustness and diversity of

our smaller assets, long-term damage to the group would

have been unavoidable. As it has turned out, however,

we can simply put it down to what Queen Elizabeth once

aptly described as an “annus horribilis”.

This year we are pleased to report there has been

an equally spectacular return to profitability in the

group with its headline earnings back at R1,1 billion.

This result deserves nothing less than a celebration for the

implacable resilience exhibited in each of our subsidiaries

and associated companies in the face of great adversity.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank the leadership

of each business entity in which we are fortunate to hold

equity for the steady hands and fortitude with which they

managed their businesses through the pandemic.

Tsogo Sun Gaming:

Our single most valuable operating enterprise has long

been Tsogo Gaming. The recovery of this business,

already

anticipated

in

last

year’s

report,

continued

throughout FY2022. The business succeeded in reducing

its debt from a peak of R12,1 billion in June 2020 to below

R9 billion by March 2022 and increasing its EBITDA for the

year above R3 billion. This has brought the business back

within its pre-Covid banking covenants. Its contribution

to our headline earnings of R622 million is virtually

at the pre-Covid level in FY2020 when it contributed

R667 million. It did this despite curfews, reduced machine

availability to accommodate requirements of National Disaster

regulations, severely restricted entertainment offerings and a

complete shutdown for the month of July. Unquestionably it

will be back to paying dividends later this year.

Southern Sun Hotels:

The R318 million losses we reported last year shrank

to R35 million in the current year. Hotel occupancies

continue to climb slowly. As hoped for in our last report,

the company has returned to a positive cash flow after

servicing all cash costs including interest. It has also

reopened virtually all its hotels as guests steadily

return to travel.

The company has closed two transactions of significance

since our last annual report. It has sold its interest in its hotel

in Ikoyi subject to various regulatory approvals and has also

agreed with Tsogo Sun Gaming to release its evergreen

management contracts in relation to various hotels owned

by the gaming company in exchange for a mixture of cash

and hotel assets. Once completed, these transactions

should result in the debt within our hotel associate being

reduced below R2 billion which is an unthreatening

number in its business going forward and we expect

the company to be profitable again in the current year.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

HOSKEN CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENTS LIMITED

6:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (Continued)

pre-Covid numbers by year end. This figure has continued

to grow after year end and we are currently virtually back

at pre-Covid levels. Our headline earnings grew from

R176,5 million the previous year to R218,9 million, which is a

great improvement.

We continue to resist the collaboration of our competitors

with the unions to try to force us to maintain our wages

at a 40% premium to their own wage levels. The abusive

mechanism used to achieve this is imposing an obligation

on competitors to increase their actual wages by the same

percentage that minimum rates are increased irrespective

of the fact that the base paid is much higher. The dispute

continues without resolution as we await various court

dates, but our determination to end this inequitable

arrangement remains as strong as it was in the first place.

We have reached agreement with CODETA to resume the

N2-Express route for My Citi together on the same basis

as before. As a result, we have started operating the route

again with some 40 buses.

Our trial with electric buses has gone well and we have

ordered electric buses to integrate into our fleet as soon

as they can realistically be delivered. We are now focused

on increasing the power supply to our depots so as to be

able to charge a reasonable number of such buses as well

as introducing a solar solution to contribute thereto. This

fleet conversion will take many years to complete but we

are pleased with the start we have made.

Manufacturing and Distribution:

Our headline earnings from Deneb increased from R95,2

million to R128,4 million in FY2022 which is another good

improvement. After a full decade of the business struggling

to rescue itself from the last stage of a death spiral, we can

finally report with confidence that all its subsidiaries are

now growing appreciably. This includes growing volumes

through long term contracts for new vehicle models in

Formex; acquiring new distribution licences in several

areas including a consolidation of our distribution rights

to Microsoft products; rapidly expanding our photocopier

rental business, our polyethylene bag business as well

as recycled stitchbond shopping bags and several other

innovative products. In general, the businesses of Deneb

have moved away from supplying unbranded products to

retailers to producing and distributing goods and services of

our own brands or those of major international companies.

Karoshoek:

Despite rosy hopes in our previous report, Karoshoek

has struggled over the last year as various latent

construction defects emerged as well as it experiencing

a major breakdown which rendered the plant idle for

two months very recently. This has rather dimmed our

expectations of a dividend flowing this coming year

though the contract with the operator requires it to make

good losses we suffer through its failures. The business

remains a valuable contribution to efforts to reduce the

carbon intensity of our electricity grid but, as with many

new ideas, it takes time and effort to get it to operate

efficiently. We will continue to work hard at finding stable

remedies for the problems within this business, but the

underlying value add should remain intact with Eskom

providing an offtake agreement for all the power it can

produce over the next sixteen years.

Properties:

The Property Division improved its headline earnings from

R38 million the previous year to R52 million. Its level of debt

is now well within its service capacity. Its main hardship

has been the lack of custom to the Gallagher Convention

centre as a result of the pandemic. This inhibition seems

to be receding rapidly and we expect the Convention

centre to host several large events this coming year.

Vacancies and defaults in all other properties are back

to normal levels. We have done renovations to upgrade

Laborie and have completed the new building at the Food

Lovers complex in Paarl. We will also shortly commence

phase 2 at the Whale Coast mall in Hermanus.

Platinum Group Metals:

It is pitiful to watch Ukrainian towns being reduced to

rubble and its citizens forced from their homes despite

zero provocation to their neighbour. This invasion is

in truth a huge turning point for first world countries

and their consequential boycotting of Russian sourced

commodities will have far reaching effects on world trade

for many years.

Aside from the obvious growth in importance of African oil

and gas projects, another will be the growing significance

of the development of the Waterberg project into a world

class South African Palladium mine. The Waterberg

project has always had this potential and remains a huge

resource which can be mined at an exceptionally low cost.

However, the need for its development has never been as

urgent or as important in the current environment. While

all PGM mines have a mix of PGM metals as elements of

their ore bodies, the Waterberg Project is the only South

African mining right where Palladium is the dominant

element.

The management of PTM is diligently working through all

the obstacles to getting the project started and progress

this coming year is key to ensuring PTM moves to a

construction phase. This phase will take about five years

to complete.

Over the last year PTM has succeeded in paying off

all its debt, some by having it converted into equity

and the balance by raising equity through its shelf. HCI

subscribed for an additional $6 million of PTM shares to

minimize our dilution despite pressures on us to reduce

debt. In consequence, we currently still hold a stake of

approximately 25% in the expanded company.

The company has cleaned up loose ends cluttering its

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

HOSKEN CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENTS LIMITED

8:

letter from Gedeon Nibango,

BTech Food Technology

at The University of

Johannesburg.”

The Foundation also works

with graduates to assist in

providing

work

placement

opportunities that can kick-

start their road to success,

knowing that one graduate

supports a host of family and

community members.

Gedeon Nibango with his mentor Ayanda Mazibuko

(Southern Sun) at his graduation at UJ.

Sustainable Food Security Initiative - making rural communities food secure

Reach and impact of the Programme

8 432

924

46

884

256

58

Community gardens

Household gardens

Farmers

Hectares

Households

Indirect beneficiaries

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

HOSKEN CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENTS LIMITED

65:

