LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS

The Covid-19 pandemic has been a central theme to my: letter to stakeholders for the past two years, given

the material impact that the pandemic has had on people, the global economy, and our business. Sadly, the

ongoing Russia/Ukraine war has added to the personal misery that the pandemic caused and has recently had

a detrimental impact on the global economy. Invicta fortunately does not have any significant direct exposure to

either Russia or the Ukraine, but our business has nevertheless been exposed to the ripple effects that the war

has had on the global economy.

Given the turmoil in the world around us, I am proud of how our company has traded during the past year. Invicta

traded extremely well, as is evident from the results, despite the Omicron Covid-19 wave, eight days of looting

and public violence in Gauteng and KwaZulu-Natal during July, industrial action in October, loadshedding and

water supply issues and logistical and transport issues, to name a few.

The management team continued to focus on the business’ return on equity. As a result, the debt in the Group

has significantly been reduced and the management of inventory and cash generation from our operations

remained core priorities (especially, considering the impact that Covid-19 had on our suppliers, the significant

delays in the ports and supply chains and substantial inflation in our basket of products).

The year had its fair share of corporate action for Invicta, which included:

> In August 2021, we closed a series of transactions pertaining to Kian Ann which resulted in Invicta realising SGD

28.4 million, which was used to settle offshore debt.

> Invicta acquired KMP Holdings Ltd, a leading independent supplier of aftermarket heavy-duty diesel engine

parts for industrial and agricultural machinery. The acquisition underpins Invicta’s strategic focus to diversify

geographically in the industries and markets where Invicta has significant experience and strong management

capabilities.

> The Samrand Business Park was sold for R151 million of which R40,5 million is deferred and will be paid over a

three-year period.

I am confident that the strategic initiatives that we embarked on over the last couple of years, in terms whereof

we disposed of non-core businesses and restructured and strengthened the Group’s balance sheet, have

created the ideal platform for the management team to focus on our existing core businesses. It has also created

a conducive environment, given our growth objective, for the team to actively seek new opportunities and

complementary businesses that could enhance shareholder value.

I wish to thank the employees of Invicta for their hard work and, specifically, like to thank our suppliers and our

customers for their support and loyalty. Lastly, I must extend my gratitude to Steven Joffe and his executive team,

as well as the Invicta Board of directors for their contribution to our company.

I wish you all well and trust that you will stay safe.

Dr Christo Wiese

managing director in 1992.

Tony was appointed as Chief

Executive Officer of CEG in

1998, a position which he still

holds. He was appointed as

an alternate director of Invicta

in September 2006, and as an

executive director in June 2007.

Craig previously held positions

with Sappi and Group Five,

before joining Invicta as financial

manager in 1998. Craig was

appointed as director of CSE

Equipment Company in 1999,

as Invicta’s company secretary

in 2002, and as an executive

director of Invicta in June 2007.

Craig resigned as company

secretary in January 2014

when he continued as financial

director as well as commercial

director. During 2018 Craig

handed the responsibilities of

financial director over to Nazlee

Rajmohamed, continuing in his

role as commercial director.

Rashid has held various senior

executive positions with IBM in

Africa, Europe, the Middle East

and South East Asia, including

Lenovo in Africa. Rashid has

over 38 years of experience

in the information technology

sector. He was chairman of the

board and member of the Audit

Committee of Mango Airlines.

Rashid was also previously

the CFO, Regional CFO, CEO,

Regional CEO and member

of the EMEA Accounting

Standards Board. Rashid is

currently chairman of Fastjet

Limited and also serves on

that company’s Audit and Risk

Committee.:

letter of the law and voluntarily imposes additional restrictions

on trading as required.

Directors disclose their other business interests in terms of the

Companies Act, No. 71 of 2008 and our conflict of interest

disclosure policy. The Group Company Secretary maintains a

register of their interests and directors disclose at each meeting

any interests they may have regarding agenda items, and recuse

themselves as necessary.

We provide detailed disclosure on the application status of the

King IVTM principles on www.invictaholdings.co.za

Key Board Discussions

There are no restrictions placed on a director’s access to Company

information, records, documents, and property. Non-executive

directors have access to management if required.

The Board met six times and considers the business and strategy

of the Company during the year. The Board also had the following

important discussions during the year:

Operations

> Trading update

> Covid-19

> Working capital

> Restructuring of certain divisions

Treasury

> Covenants, which have been standardised across all banks, were

comfortably met throughout the period

> The impact of Covid-19 has eased and no specific Covid-related

measures were required

> New bank facilities totalling R1.5 billion were put in place with

RMB and Nedbank to cover all onshore operating and strategic

requirements

The Board delegates certain responsibilities to committees

without relinquishing accountability. This delegation is formalised

through Board-approved committee charters to the Audit and

Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nominations

Committee, Social and Ethics Committee and Investment

Committee. The Board receives reports from each committee.

The composition, mandate and performance of the various

committees are reviewed at least annually and contribute to the

effective discharge of the Board’s duties and responsibilities.

Responsibility for the day to day running of the Group is delegated

to the Group Executive Committee under the leadership of the

Chief Executive Officer.

We adopt a divisionalised approach to Group management,

with each division having its own chief executive officer, who is

supported by a complete finance and administration infrastructure.

Divisions do however, make use of shared services, as appropriate.

The Group Chief Executive Officer, Group Chief Financial Officer and

Commercial Director are actively involved in the divisional executive

committees and actively participate on the boards of divisional

subsidiary companies.

Our Governance Philosophy

and Framework

Governing Sustainable Value Creation

The complex nature of our operating context has rendered

environmental, social and governance considerations fundamental

to the ongoing sustainable operation of our Group. The

Board recognises that environmental, social and governance

considerations need to be more fully integrated into the operations

of the Group and has accordingly adopted an integrated approach

to sustainability, governance, risk management and monitoring

business performance.

The Board seeks to give effect to the principle of “sustainable value

creation” by growing the operations and earnings per share on a

sustainable basis, whilst ensuring maximum possible cash generation.:

letter of the law and voluntarily imposes additional restrictions

on trading as required.

KING IVTM Report continued:

