letter, the audit plan

and the budgeted audit fees payable to the external auditor

for 2022;

• Obtained an annual written statement from the auditor that its

independence was not impaired;

• Determined the nature and extent of all non-audit services

provided by the external auditor and approved the applicable

non-audit services undertaken;

• Considered whether any reportable irregularities were

identified and reported by the external auditor in terms of

the Auditing Profession Act, 2005, and determined that there

were none; and

• Satisfied itself that the external auditor has been the auditor

of the Group and its subsidiaries for eleven years. This includes

a period of six years before a merger with its predecessor

audit firm. The Audit Committee further satisfied itself that the

current external audit partner are still within the prescribed

period of seven years.

In respect of the annual financial statements, the

Audit Committee, among other matters:

• Confirmed the going concern as the basis of preparation

of the annual financial statements;

• Considered whether any complex taxation areas exist that

could have a material impact on the financial statements

and determined that matters identified are being addressed

by management;

• Examined and reviewed the annual financial statements, as

well as all financial information disclosed to the public prior

to submission and approval by the directors;

• Ensured that the annual financial statements fairly present

the financial position of the Group as at the end of the

period and the results of operations and cash flows for the

financial period;

• Considered the appropriateness of the accounting policies

adopted and changes thereto;

• Reviewed the external auditor’s audit report;

• Reviewed the representation: letter relating to the annual

financial statements which was signed by management;

• Considered any problems identified and reviewed any

significant legal and tax matters that could have a material

impact on the annual financial statements; and

• Considered the 2022 proactive monitoring report and other

various JSE communications, where applicable.

Master Drilling Group Limited

Integrated Report 2022

101

CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

letter of representation to you or your

proxy to attend the Annual General Meeting.

B.

If you have not dematerialised your shares or

have dematerialised your shares with “own name”

registration

Voting, attendance and representation at the

Annual General Meeting

You may attend, speak and vote at the Annual General Meeting

in person.

Alternatively, you may appoint one or more proxies to represent

you at the Annual General Meeting by completing the attached

form of proxy in accordance with the instructions it contains.

A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company. Forms of proxy

must be lodged with or posted to Computershare to be received

within the allowable time periods prescribed by law.

C.

Electronic participation

As allowed by the Companies Act and the Company’s

Memorandum of Incorporation, Master Drilling intends to offer

shareholders reasonable access, through electronic facilities,

to participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of a

conference call facility. Shareholders will be able to listen to the

proceedings and raise questions should they wish to do so and

are invited to indicate their intention to make use of this facility

by making application, in writing (including details as to how the

shareholder or representative can be contacted) to Computershare

at the address set out in this notice of Annual General Meeting.

The application is to be received by Computershare at least 10

business days prior to the date of the Annual General Meeting,

i.e. by Tuesday, 30 May 2023. Computershare will, by way of email,

provide information enabling participation to those shareholders

who have made application Voting will however not be possible

via the electronic facility and shareholders wishing to exercise

their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting are required

to be represented at the meeting either in person, by proxy or by: letter of representation as provided for in this notice of Annual

General Meeting.

Shareholders will be liable for their own network charges in

relation to electronic participation at the Annual General Meeting.

Any such charges will not be for the account of Master Drilling

and/or Computershare. Neither Master Drilling nor Computershare

can be held accountable in the case of loss of network connectivity

or other network failure due to insufficient airtime, internet

connectivity, internet bandwidth and/or power outages which

prevents any such shareholder from participating at the Annual

General Meeting.

letter of representation to attend the general

meeting or you must instruct them as to how you wish to vote in this regard. This must be done in terms of the agreement entered into

between you and the CSDP or broker.

I/We (Names in full in BLOCK LETTERS)

of (address)

being the holder/s of

shares in the issued ordinary share capital of Master Drilling hereby appoint:

1.

of

or failing him/her,

2.

of

or failing him/her,

3. the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting,

as my/our proxy/ies to attend, speak and on a poll to vote or abstain from voting on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting or at any

adjournment thereof for the purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing with or without modification, the following resolutions to be

considered at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with the following instructions:

Please indicate with an “X” in the appropriate spaces how votes are to be cast

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1: Appointment of BDO South Africa Incorporated as the external auditor

Ordinary resolution number 2: Re-election of Mr AA Deshmukh as a non-executive director

Ordinary resolution number 3: Re-election of Mr HJ Faul as a non-executive director

Ordinary resolution number 4: Election of Mr GR Sheppard as an alternate director to Mr DC Pretorius

Ordinary resolution number 5: Election of Mr FG Dixon as an alternate director to Mr BJ Jordaan

Ordinary resolution number 6.1: Election of Mr AW Brink as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 6.2: Election of Mr ST Ferguson as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 6.3: Election of Mr AA Deshmukh as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 6.4: Election of Ms M Ramathe as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 7: General authority to directors to allot and issue ordinary shares

Ordinary resolution number 8: General authority to directors to issue for cash, those ordinary shares placed under the

control of the directors in terms of ordinary resolution number 7

Ordinary resolution number 9: Approval of the Master Drilling remuneration policy

Ordinary resolution number 10: Approval of the implementation report on the Master Drilling remuneration policy

Special resolution number 1: Acquisition of the Company’s own shares

Special resolution number 2: Directors’ fees

Special resolution number 3: Approval to grant financial assistance in terms of sections 44 and 45 of the Companies Act

Signed at

on

2023

Name of shareholder/joint holders

Assisted by me (if applicable)

Full name/s of signatory/ies if signing in a representative capacity

(In block letters and authority to be attached – refer to note 7 on page 154).

MASTER DRILLING GROUP LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)

Registration number: 2011/008265/06

JSE share code: MDI ISIN: ZAE000171948

LEI: 37890095B2AFC611E529

(Master Drilling or the Company):

