MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN

Dear Valued Stakeholder,

I write this reflection at a time of much uncertainty.

Who could have conceived that as we emerged from

the worst of the Covid-19 pandemic, we would be

faced with an attack on Ukraine by Russia, spiralling

world economies further into turmoil? The countries

in which we operate have been impacted by these

global trends and, yet during my long career and

association with the WBHO Group, I have always been

inspired by our people’s ability to maintain focus and

discipline – focusing on things that are within our

control as we navigate headwinds.

With order book levels improving and the exit from Australia at an

advanced stage, our resilience and ability to perform under pressure

stand us in good stead for the future and I am confident that the

Group’s potential will be truly unlocked.

A CHALLENGING OPERATING ENVIRONMENT IN FY2022

In South Africa, economic growth remains weak and progress on

government’s Economic Reconstruction and Recovery Plan, which has

integrated infrastructure development as one of its priority interventions,

has been slow. This is unfortunate since a large-scale infrastructure

programme has the potential to revive our construction industry,

contributing to increased employment while boosting demand in the

economy.

Less than one third (in value) of Public Sector tenders on which we have

bid over the past few years have been awarded, the balance remain

pending or have been cancelled. On average, these tenders are taking in

excess of one year to be awarded which makes resource planning

exceptionally challenging. As an industry, we need a more considered

balance between the public sector procurement process and the

associated governance requirements in order to deliver these projects

at pace for the broader benefit of the country. I therefore urge the

public sector to ensure that their supply chain management has the

necessary technical skills and capacity to adjudicate and award

tenders timeously. Thanks to the private sector, overall construction

activity within the Group’s South African operations was sustained at

prior year’s level.

Maintaining law and order is essential to building a thriving nation.

Public infrastructure projects have been plagued with corruption in

recent years, so on the socio-political front, I am encouraged to see

the National Prosecuting Authority acting upon the recommendations

of the Zondo Commission into allegations of State Capture, with more

arrests taking place.

Similarly, we urge government to curb both the criminal extortion and

the associated corruption that has become prevalent in South African

society. As we work collaboratively to promote and develop South

Africa’s investment prospects, I am hopeful that we will make a

meaningful shift towards rooting out corruption and crime in all

sectors of our society.

LOUWTJIE NEL

CHAIRMAN

RESILIENCE IN THE FACE OF CHANGE

UNDERSTANDING

WHO WE ARE

EXPLORING

WHAT WE DO

THE CONTEXT WE

OPERATE IN

THE VALUE WE’VE

DELIVERED

HOW WE PROTECT

VALUE

SUPPLEMENTARY

INFORMATION

6:

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN continued

GOVERNANCE

Ceasing financial support to Australia was possibly the largest

Board decision taken in WBHO’s history. Various additional board

meetings were convened during the period to ensure the Board had

adequate sight and information on the severity of the challenges

faced in Australia and the potential consequences of such a

decision for all stakeholders. Ultimately, the Board fully supported

the executive team having applied sound governance principles

during this difficult period.

This has again highlighted to me the need to have a diversely-

skilled board, ensuring all aspects are looked at when a decision of

this magnitude is made, and I thank the Board for their guidance

and support. I would like to particularly extend my appreciation to

Ms Nonhlanhla Savannah Maziya, who has subsequently resigned

as an independent non-executive director of the Company, and as

chairperson and member of the Remuneration committee and

member of the Audit, Risk and Nomination committees, all with

effect from 23 November 2022. Savannah has been with the Group

for 17 years and we will miss her valuable experience and

guidance. The Board has commenced a process of identifying a

suitable replacement and shareholders will be advised once an

appointment has been made.

The Board also discussed a succession policy which is geared

toward ensuring that the company benefits from succession

planning across its leadership.

UNDERSTANDING

WHO WE ARE

EXPLORING

WHAT WE DO

THE CONTEXT WE

OPERATE IN

THE VALUE WE’VE

DELIVERED

HOW WE PROTECT

VALUE

SUPPLEMENTARY

INFORMATION

7:

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN continued

BLACK ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT AND LOCALISATION

The construction industry has played an important role in championing

broad-based transformation. Our industry was one of the first to

develop sector-specific codes for transformation and encouragingly, the

latest (July 2022) Sanlam Gauge report on transformation in South

Africa, shows that construction is the second most transformed sector

in the country.

Low economic growth in South Africa, accompanied by the slowdown in

government procurement, has seen a significant shrinkage in the size

of the local construction industry over the last 10 years which, in turn,

has hampered transformation and employment equity efforts. A

smaller construction industry means that our contribution to GDP, the

fiscus and employment is constrained. More focus must be placed on

how our vital industry can grow benefiting as many stakeholders across

the value chain and successfully achieve broad-based transformation

for the country as a whole.

Government tenders call for 30% local spend, which is generally

exceeded on our projects. Unfortunately, some “community business

forums” have exploited the meaning of this benchmark by demanding

30% of the revenue of a project. The actions of the forums continue to

disrupt projects with unrealistic demands and extortion tactics. The

practice has become well publicised due to criminal elements earning

the reputation of the South Africa’s “Construction mafia”.

As a Group, we have to sought to bring materiality into negotiations

with the forums, and with the support of our clients are generally able

to resolve the situations. I am, however, concerned that this practice is

fast becoming normalised in our society. As a committed and

longstanding leader in this important industry, I cannot underscore

enough, the importance of government using systems like the criminal

justice system to systematically bring any of the perpetrators to book.

We are on target for our Voluntary Rebuilding Programme (VRP)

partners to achieve 25% of our South African turnover when the

programme comes to an end in 2024. Managing the VRP in a shrinking

market has been challenging but I believe that we have enabled three

BEE companies realise their ambitions of growing to a size where they

can bid and operate in the construction arena from which they was

previously virtually excluded.

In the rest of Africa, localisation continues to be promoted by

governments, especially in resource-rich countries, as a means of

advancing economic transformation and enhancing the economic

participation of the local people. While localisation laws differ from

country to country, there are common areas – such as skills

development, local supplier development, ownership and control –

which governments and the laws seek to achieve. In our case, we are

seeing localisation become a condition for tendering for most mining

clients, which is the primary source of our work in the rest of Africa.

I am pleased with the meaningful partnerships that we have

successfully formed to ensure we are not only compliant but also

support this effort, where possible.

OUTLOOK

While projects in the public sector have been slower than expected, the

long-term prospects look positive. South Africa’s 2022 budget allocated

R812,5 billion over the next three years to infrastructure investment.

Such an investment in major infrastructure projects will support

improved construction activity in the country. Load shedding is an

obvious ongoing risk to economic growth; however government’s

removal of some of the barriers to renewable energy development is a

step in the right direction allowing the private sector to contribute to a

long-term solution.

Following recent political and fiscal policy changes, the UK economy

faces ongoing uncertainty; however delayed projects have begun to

filter through to the construction phase and with the current level of

work-on-hand, our businesses there are well positioned over the

short to medium term.

Thanks to our truly remarkable people, we have weathered Covid-19,

Brexit and a costly exit from Australia whilst delivering a solid

operational performance across Africa and in the United Kingdom and

achieving benchmarks against our key metrics in respect of

sustainability performance.

APPRECIATION

On behalf of the Board and management, we acknowledge the

contribution from each of our staff members toward the Group’s

performance this year. Construction is a demanding industry at the

best of times, and we are cognisant of the added strain that the

challenges of the last few years have brought to our lives.

We remain ever grateful to all stakeholders for the confidence placed

with us to deliver lasting value on their behalf and for the enduring

relationships we have developed.

Louwtjie Nel

Chairman

UNDERSTANDING

WHO WE ARE

EXPLORING

WHAT WE DO

THE CONTEXT WE

OPERATE IN

THE VALUE WE’VE

DELIVERED

HOW WE PROTECT

VALUE

SUPPLEMENTARY

INFORMATION

8:

letter of intent for a £10 million care

home project as well as the £10 million, Doncaster project. A notice

of appointment was also received for the Supercomputer Centre

valued at £28 million. Subsequent to the reporting period, the

Manchester Markets project valued at £17 million was awarded.

These projects will all commence in FY2023. A further imminent

award is the Whitworth Street residential apartments valued at

£80 million where pricing has been accepted by the client and

project commencement is subject only to final funding approval.

Russell-WBHO has been named as a partner contractor for the

Associated British Ports framework for projects in North West

England and Scotland, which is part of a five-year, £415 million

building programme at its 21 ports around the country. With further

frameworks expected to be announced, this is expected to be a

growing source of projects for the business over the medium term.

UNDERSTANDING

WHO WE ARE

EXPLORING

WHAT WE DO

THE CONTEXT WE

OPERATE IN

THE VALUE WE’VE

DELIVERED

HOW WE PROTECT

VALUE

SUPPLEMENTARY

INFORMATION

61:

Dear shareholders,

I am pleased to present the Audit committee report

for the 2022 financial year. In addition to fulfilling the

statutory and other duties and responsibilities conferred

upon us, we closely monitored the material financial

risks confronted by the Group. The most prominent risks

considered by the committee were the deteriorating

performance of the Australian operations over the first

six months of the reporting period that ultimately led

to the decision to withdraw any further funding thereof,

and the consequences of that decision on the financial

position, liquidity and going concern of the remaining

operations.

Given the material impact of this decision on the Group, the committee

alongside the Board and senior management, deliberated extensively

over the financial ramifications thereof. It is never easy to arrive at a

verdict that holds widespread consequences for so many parties, both

in South Africa and Australia, yet I am convinced that it was necessary

for the long-term prosperity of WBHO and the majority of its

stakeholders. We gave specific attention to the accounting and IFRS

technical matters that arose from the classification of the Australian

subsidiaries as discontinued operations and the loss of control of those

subsidiaries on 23 February 2022. Once aware of a possible audit

qualification, we also made lengthy inquiries of the auditors of the

Group to determine whether the qualification could be avoided with the

execution of further audit work and satisfied ourselves as to how they

arrived at their qualified audit opinion in respect of certain amounts

included in the loss from discontinued operations and loss of control of

subsidiaries disclosed in the consolidated annual financial statements.

Later in the report, we provide details of how the committee satisfied

its various statutory obligations during the year, how it assessed the

effectiveness of the internal auditors and the appointment,

independence and effectiveness of the external auditors. The report

also reflects on significant matters that arose in the year and how the

committee addressed those.

In addition, we obtained confirmation from the internal auditors on the

resolution of all medium- and high-risk findings within their reports.

The number of projects achieving satisfactory or better internal audit

reports decreased slightly from 83% of projects audited to 78%. Of the

projects audited, 22% required improvement over certain controls.

Follow-up audits were conducted in respect of larger projects in this

category and all control weaknesses were successfully remedied.

There were no projects reported to have a weak control environment. In

addition, measures have been introduced to improve controls over site

assets, procurement and overtime being the three main areas of

concern that are consistently identified on projects.

Each year we evaluate the suitability of the expertise and experience of

the Chief Financial Officer, review the expertise, resources and

experience of the finance function as a whole while also obtaining

regular independent reports on the appropriateness and effectiveness

of the Group’s internal control environment from the internal and

external auditors. As a committee, we are able to confirm that

the financial processes and controls of the Group are sufficiently

robust to ensure the integrity of WBHO’s financial reporting.

The committee will continue to operate within its mandate and

address all regular matters reserved for its consideration in

FY2023 as well as giving specific focus to the following areas:

• Monitoring the actions and steps necessary to finalise the exit

from Australia, including the funding thereof.

• Monitoring the performance of the continuing operations of the

Group in light of the substantial increase in order book levels

and the volume of work to be executed.

• Continue to monitor and assess the liquidity, working capital

and going concern position of the Group.

In closing, I would like to thank my fellow committee members

for their contribution and support at committee meetings as well

as to commend Charles Henwood, the Chief Financial Officer,

and his finance team for their role in expediting a timeous and

responsible exit from Australia given the complex and difficult

nature of such an event. It has been an exceptionally challenging

year confronted by difficult issues that have been disclosed and

reported upon in a principled and transparent manner. In the

year ahead, I look forward to reporting back to stakeholders on

the progress we hope to have made in restoring profitability and

re-strengthening the business.

Cobus Bester

Audit committee chairman

UNDERSTANDING

WHO WE ARE

EXPLORING

WHAT WE DO

THE CONTEXT WE

OPERATE IN

THE VALUE WE’VE

DELIVERED

HOW WE PROTECT

VALUE

SUPPLEMENTARY

INFORMATION

75:

Dear shareholders,

This year produced a mixed bag of results for the Group,

with the decision to cease funding of the Australian

operations being at the forefront and the South African

operations, in particular, producing good results in a

difficult South African market even in the face of limited

opportunities in the public sector. Cash in the African

and UK businesses remains stable and comparable

to the prior year despite sending funds to assist the

Australian operations. The order book is at one the

highest levels since inception of the business and

provides optimism that the business is heading in the

right direction in the future, without Australia in the mix.

Short-term and long-term incentives were significantly affected by the

Australian businesses, with none of the financial indicators achieving

threshold. All of the share appreciation rights (SARs) were forfeited

during the year as a result of the depreciation of the share price to

such an extent that it is highly unlikely that the required share

appreciation will be achieved over the period of the allocation. Share

options were awarded to employees within the African operations in

recognition of their efforts in a difficult environment and to retain key

management staff. The overarching responsibility of the Remuneration

committee is to ensure that the principles of accountability,

transparency and good governance are followed for all remuneration-

related matters across WBHO. The committee ensures that WBHO has

the appropriate remuneration policies and practices in place to attract,

motivate and retain the right talent, especially at executive and

operational level, and to ensure that there is an appropriate link

between executive remuneration and the Group’s performance against

its strategic objectives. The committee must also annually review the

skills profile of the Group and its leadership team as well as undertake

annual evaluations of the performance of WBHO’s executive directors

and management. In FY2022, the Remuneration committee specifically

focused on:

• The impact of inflation and rising oil prices on employees and

considered the need to provide more than an annual increase;

• Assessing the Group and divisional operating performance,

focussing particularly on how the results from Australia’s

operations will affect the different incentive schemes in place;

• Decision to pay bonuses in accordance with the Remuneration

policy in respect of the FY2022 performance after:

–

Assessing the Group and divisional operating performance;

–

Determining that the Australian performance should not

penalise all employees;

–

Applying the remuneration strategy taking cognisance of fairness

to all employees;

–

Assessing the sustainability of WBHO;

–

Evaluating the executive personal scorecards;

–

Assessing the need for a discretionary bonus for the EXCO

members particularly, given the effect of the Australian

operations on all the key financial indicators;

• Reviewing the 2022 short-term incentive targets, giving

consideration to the reasonableness thereof and ensuring a

suitable stretch target, which resulted in no changes being

made to the 2022 short-term incentive metrics;

• Discussed succession planning for the board and EXCO with

particular reference to the CFO and the non-executive

director positions;

• Reviewing the method of calculation for ROCE and TSR in

regard to long-term incentives;

• Monitoring remuneration practices and reports ensuring

alignment with the requirements of the Remuneration policy;

• Reviewing the annual remuneration report to be disclosed in

this Integrated Report;

• Remuneration packages and benefits for executive directors

including any termination benefits payable;

• Ensuring that executive remuneration packages are effective

in delivering WBHO’s strategy and the right behaviour;

• Ongoing communication with shareholders to ensure Remco

policy is understood and takes cognisance of shareholders’

concerns;

• Ensuring a safe and stimulating work environment for

employees; and

• Ongoing review and assessment of gender equality within the

organisation.

APPRECIATION

I would like to thank my colleagues on the committee for their

assistance this year in delivering upon our important

responsibilities and for striving for progressive remuneration

policies and practices. I extend my thanks also to the executive

team for their dedication and hard work over the year.

Savannah Maziya

Remuneration committee chairperson

UNDERSTANDING

WHO WE ARE

EXPLORING

WHAT WE DO

THE CONTEXT WE

OPERATE IN

THE VALUE WE’VE

DELIVERED

HOW WE PROTECT

VALUE

SUPPLEMENTARY

INFORMATION

79:

