Managing Director

(designated as: Managing

letter duly signed by the

first shareholder, providing the email address, Mobile

no., self-attested copy of PAN and Client Master copy

(in case shares are held in electronic form) or copy

of the share certificate (in case shares are held in

physical form) to enable Kfin to register their e-mail

address and to provide them the Notice, Integrated

Annual Report and the e-voting instructions along

with the User ID and Password.

NOTES

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter/ Power of

Attorney authorising their representative(s) to attend

the meeting and vote on their behalf through e-voting.

The said resolution/: letter/ power of attorney shall be

sent through registered e-mail ID to the Scrutinizer at

sanjaygrover7@gmail.com or contact@cssanjaygrover.in

with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Alternatively, they can also upload their Board Resolution/

Power of Attorney/ Authority Letter etc. by clicking on

“Upload Board Resolution/ Authority Letter” displayed

under "e-voting" tab in their login.

B.

It is strongly recommended that you do not share your

password with any other person and take utmost care

to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting

website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts

to key in the password. In such an event, you will need

to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password” or

“Physical User Reset Password” option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

C.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user

manual for Shareholders available at the download section

of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020

990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send an email to Ms. Sarita

Mote, Assistant Manager, NSDL at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

25. The Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Devesh Kumar

Vasisht (FCS-8488; C.P. no. 13700), Partner, M/s. Sanjay

Grover & Associates, Company Secretaries (‘SGA’), and

failing him, Mr. Vijay K. Singhal (ACS-21089 C.P. no.: 10385),

Partner, SGA, as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the e-voting

during the AGM and remote e-voting process in a fair and

transparent manner and they have communicated their

willingness to be appointed and will be available for the

said purpose.

26. The Scrutinizer, after scrutinizing the voting through remote

e-voting and e-voting at the AGM, shall make a consolidated

scrutinizer’s report of the votes cast in favour or against, if

any, and submit the same to the

letter, duly signed by

the first shareholder, along with a cancelled cheque leaf

with your name and bank account details and a copy of

your PAN card, duly self-attested, with Kfin. This will facilitate

receipt of dividend directly into your bank account. In case

the cancelled cheque leaf does not bear your name, please

attach a copy of the bank passbook statement, duly self-

attested. We also request you to register your email IDs and

mobile numbers with Kfin at einward.ris@kfintech.com with

a copy to the Company at compliance.officer@bharti.in.

40. Shareholders will also be able to see the credit of TDS in

Form 26AS, which can be downloaded from their e-filing

account at https://incometaxindiaefiling.gov.in. We seek

your co-operation in the matter.

41. Members may please refer the separate email

communication being sent by the Company in connection

with the aforesaid amendment in the Income Tax Act, 1961

and relevant procedure to be adopted by the Members to

avail the applicable tax rate.

42. Please note that the Company is not obligated to apply

the beneficial DTAA rates at the time of tax deduction /

withholding on dividend amounts. Application of beneficial

DTAA Rate shall depend upon the completeness and

satisfactory review by the Company, of the documents

submitted by Non-Resident shareholders.

MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION

43. Disclosure/ Information regarding particulars of the

Directors being appointed/ re-appointed at this AGM, in

terms of the applicable provisions of Secretarial Standard

2 and Listing Regulations, are annexed hereto.

44. As per Regulation 40 of Listing Regulations, securities of

listed companies can be transferred only in dematerialized

form with effect from April 1, 2019, except in case of request

received for transmission or transposition of securities.

In view of this and to eliminate all risks associated with

physical shares and for ease of portfolio management,

Members holding shares in physical form are requested to

consider converting their holdings to dematerialized form.

Members can contact the Company or Kfin for assistance

in this regard.

45. Members who are holding shares in physical form are

requested to address all correspondence concerning

registration of transmissions, sub-division, consolidation

of shares or any other share related matters and/ or

change in address or updation thereof to Kfin. Members,

whose shareholding is in electronic format are requested

to direct change of address notifications, registration of

e-mail address and updation of bank account details to their

respective DPs.

46. Non-resident Indian shareholders are requested to inform

about the following to the Company or Kfin or the concerned

DP, as the case may be, immediately of:

a.

The change in the residential status on return to India

for permanent settlement;

b.

The particulars of the NRE Account with a Bank in

India, if not furnished earlier.

47. Members can avail the facility of nomination in respect

of shares held by them in physical form pursuant to the

provisions of Section 72 of the Act read with Rule 19(1)

of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules,

2014. Members desiring to avail this facility may send their

nomination in the prescribed form duly filled in to Kfin. The

Nomination Form in the prescribed format is available on

the website of the Company at www.airtel.com.

48. SEBI has mandated the submission of PAN by every

participant in securities market. Members holding shares

in electronic form are, therefore, requested to submit their

PAN details to their DPs with whom they are maintaining

their demat accounts. Members holding shares in physical

form can submit their PAN to Kfin.

49. Members who are holding shares in physical form in

identical names in more than one folio are requested

to write to Kfin enclosing their share certificates to

consolidate their holding into one folio.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of Appointment for Independent

Directors, setting out terms and conditions of their appointment,

is available for inspection at the Registered Office of the Company

during any working day between 11.00 a.m. to 1.00 p.m. upto the

date of AGM and is also available on the website of the Company

www.airtel.com.

The Board of the Directors firmly believes that Mr. Pradeep

Kumar Sinha and Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee bring immense

value on account of their stature, professional competence

and diversified experience, and accordingly, recommends,

their appointment, as Independent Directors of the Company

for a term of five consecutive years i.e. upto May 17, 2027.

The remuneration payable to Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha and

Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee, Independent Directors, shall be linked

to the factors like chairmanship of committees, membership

of committees etc. and shall be governed by the Nomination,

Remuneration and Board Diversity policy of the Company and

shareholders’ approval dated August 31, 2021.

Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha and Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee are

interested in the resolution set out at item no. 6 and 7, respectively.

Further, their relatives are also deemed to be interested in the

respective resolutions, to the extent of their shareholding in

the Company, if any. Save and except the above, none of the

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are in

any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the

proposed resolutions.

The Board recommends the Special Resolutions set out at item

nos. 6 & 7 of the Notice for approval of the Members.

Item Nos. 8 & 9

Mr. Gopal Vittal was re-appointed as the: Managing

Managing Director (designated as Managing

Director & CEO) of the Company for a further period of 5

years i.e. from February 1, 2023 to January 31, 2028.

Mr. Gopal Vittal is neither disqualified from being appointed as a

Director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act, nor debarred from

holding the office of director by virtue of any SEBI order or any

other such authority and has given all the necessary declarations

and confirmation including his consent to be re-appointed as a: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the

Company, the payment of above remuneration by way of fixed

pay, variable pay (Performance Linked Incentives), perquisites,

allowances and other benefits shall be made notwithstanding

such remuneration may exceed the limits prescribed under

Section 197 read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 or

under the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 or under any other law for the

time being in force, if any.

Malus/Clawback: The variable remuneration of Mr. Gopal

Vittal is subject to malus/clawback provisions in accordance

with the Nomination, Remuneration and Board Diversity policy

of the Company.

Taking into consideration the size of the Company, his profile , the

responsibilities shouldered by him and the industry benchmarks,

the remuneration proposed to be paid is commensurate with the

remuneration packages paid to similar senior level employees in

other companies.

During the financial year ended on March 31, 2022, the Company

incurred a Loss before tax of `42,342 Mn and Loss after tax of

`36,250 Mn.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 197 read with Schedule

V to the Act relating to payment of managerial remuneration

in case of absence of profits and/or inadequacy of profits

(calculated under Section 198 of the Act), the Company may pay

such remuneration over and above the ceiling limit as specified in

Schedule V, subject to the members’ approval by way of a Special

Resolution for payment of minimum remuneration for a period

not exceeding 3 years, compliance of disclosure requirements

and other conditions stated therein. In view of the foregoing

factors, the approval of the members is being sought for payment

of remuneration to Mr. Gopal Vittal from April 1, 2022 to March

31, 2025, as may be permitted under applicable laws, in case of

absence of profits and/ or inadequacy of profits or otherwise, in

the Company.

Brief particulars of profile of Mr. Gopal Vittal is enclosed and

detailed profile is available on www.airtel.com. The terms as set

out in the resolution and explanatory statement may be treated

as an abstract of the terms of appointment pursuant to Section

190 of the Act.

The information as required to be disclosed under paragraph

(iv) of the second proviso after Paragraph B of Section II of Part

II of Schedule V to the Act is given in the Annexure to the Notice.

The Company has not defaulted in payment of dues to any

bank or public financial institution or non-convertible debenture

holders or other secured creditor, if any.

Mr. Gopal Vittal is interested in the resolution set out at item

nos. 8 and 9 of this Notice. Further, his relatives are also deemed

interested in the respective resolutions, to the extent of their

shareholding, if any, in the Company. Save and except the above,

none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their

relatives are in any way, concerned or interested, financially or

otherwise, in the proposed resolutions.

The Articles of Association of the Company, relevant resolutions

passed at the Board and Committee Meetings and other allied

documents being referred in the resolution, are available for

inspection at the Registered Office of the Company on any

working day between 11.00 a.m. to 1.00 p.m. upto the date of

AGM and will also be available on the website of the Company

at www.airtel.com.

The Board recommends Ordinary Resolution set out at item no.

8 and Special resolution set out at item no. 9 of this Notice, for

approval of the members.

Item Nos. 10 to 12

Bharti Airtel Limited (“Airtel” or “Company”) has always followed

the philosophy of rewarding its employees for delivering long

term sustainable performance, creation of shareholder value and

ensuring external competitiveness along with internal equity.

Based on the aforementioned philosophy, the reward strategy of

the Company is based on the following key principles:

›

Rewards should be commensurate with performance and

accountability levels;

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

(a) Background

details,

Job

profile

and

his

suitability:

Gopal Vittal is currently the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO. As on date of this notice, he holds

14,64,710 shares in the Company in his personal capacity.

III. Other Information:

Reason of loss or inadequate profits:

Over the last few years, industry has witnessed heavy

turbulence in form of ARPU contraction and industry

consolidation. As a result, the industry ARPUs continue

to be unsustainably low and among the lowest globally.

Additionally, the consumption metrics per subscriber are

among the highest globally and continues to increase

even further. This has resulted in sub-par levels of return

on capital employed and increasing debt burden of the

players. With 5G around the corner and ARPUs even below

the pre-4G levels, the industry needs to implement multiple

tariff interventions so to earn a respectable rate of return

on its investments. Continuous network investments,

tower additions and spectrum commitments translated

into elevated depreciation, amortization and finance cost

levels, negatively impacting the Company’s bottom line.

Despite a challenging industry environment and COVID-19

related disruptions over the last few years, Airtel delivered

strong improving results year after year, through a

competitive growth and revenue market share expansion

in each of the business segment. Cornerstone of this

performance has been the undivided focus on customer

delight through an exceptional experience backed by

brilliant network, aspirational brand and omni-channel

presence. Equally, Airtel continues to invest and build

massive digital highways as a leading pioneer of India’s

digital revolution.

Steps taken or proposed to be taken for

improvement:

Despite repeated waves of COVID-19 over last 2 years,

Bharti Airtel is firing on all cylinders with each of the

business segment reaching new revenue market share

highs. At Airtel, there is a focus to win quality customers by

giving them an exceptional experience.

Over the years, in order to create an agile execution

machine, the Company has developed multiple moats

including quality customers, 5G readiness, future proofed

business, payments and digital services. Overall focus on

premiumisation and quality customers has actually led to

ARPU expansion, even in the period of no tariff hikes. Equally,

to correct the unsustainably low tariffs and expand mobile

ARPUs, the Company took lead on multiple tariff hikes. The

Company has already taken steps well ahead of the curve

in creating a 5G ready network through focused network

investments, best-in-class partnerships and multiple use

case testing. In addition, the business portfolio has also

been future proofed with foray into adjacent emerging

businesses, which are expected to grow exponentially

over next few years. Given Company’s intrinsic telecom

strengths, it has an intangible competitive advantage to

win in these emerging businesses. Capabilities to facilitate

payments in itself a key differentiator for Airtel which is

being leveraged to add new revenue streams. Undivided

focus on development of a digital layer riding on an already

strong underlying platform is now driving meaningful digital

services revenue.

While strengthening the moats, the Company sharpened

its focus on maintaining a robust balance sheet. Additional

effort has been put under capital allocation to achieve an

efficient capital structure. During the year, the Company

acted well ahead of the curve and raised substantial equity

through partly paid rights issue as well as strategic stake

monetization to Google. At the same time, the Company

pre-paid some of its high cost deferred liabilities pertaining

to spectrum, thus reducing the overall interest cost.

Expected increase in productivity and profits in

measurable terms:

FY 2021-22 marked as another year witnessing strong

sustained revenue growth quarter after quarter. Despite

the financial year seeing two COVID waves, all the business

segments remained highly resilient. Company demonstrated

a strong revenue growth in India driven by multiple pricing

interventions and customer base premiumisation in the

mobile segment. Alongside, Homes services and Airtel

Business added vigour to the overall company’s growth.

The business demonstrated strong operating leverage

with higher incremental margins vs portfolio margins.

Airtel consistently maintained industry leading operational

indicators and continuously outperformed peers on

revenue growth & 4G customer additions.

Looking ahead, with the consolidated industry structure,

the Company is well placed competitively to capture

opportunities around ARPU increase, postpaid expansion

and feature phone to smart phone upgrades. Given the

ongoing explosion in the broadband market, Airtel sees this

segment as a land grab opportunity to grow multifold. As

B2B market evolves through growth in emerging categories,

Airtel Business has already established a formidable

position in several emerging businesses including data

centres, cyber security, clouds and CPaaS. Digital services,

being one of the key focus area of the Company, have

now started to generate meaningful revenues with limited

incremental investment requirements.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Message from the Chairman

Message from the MD & CEO

Board of Directors

16

18

20

Snapshot FY 2021-22

Segment-wise Performance

Corporate Social Responsibility

Key Performance Indicators

Marketing Campaigns

Awards & Recognitions

04

06

08

10

12

42

46

54

56

24

28

30

36

38

39

Stories

Customer-Obsessed.

Future Ready.

Capitals

Financial Capital

Manufactured Capital

Intellectual Capital

Human Capital

Social & Relationship Capital

Natural Capital

64

68

78

82

96

106

GRI Content Index

Assurance Statement

Management Discussion

& Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

112

116

118

148

232

Created the digital

superhighway of

future growth

From lab to life for

enhanced customer

end-to-end solutions

Well capitalised for the

journey to the next

Curating digital experiences

to deliver a riveting

customer experience

A bouquet of digital

services firing on all

cylinders

A future-proofed business

looking ahead confidently

Embedding sustainability

at the core of our digital

journey

14

22

40

62

74

94

104

About the Report

About Airtel

Geographic Presence

Business Model

Our Ecosystem

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Forward-looking statements

Some information in this report may contain forward-looking

statements which include statements regarding Company’s

expected financial position and results of operations, business plans

and prospects etc. and are generally identified by forward-looking

words such as “believe,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “continue,” “estimate,”

“expect,” “may,” “will” or other similar words. Forward-looking

statements are dependent on assumptions or basis underlying

such statements. We have chosen these assumptions or basis in

good faith, and we believe that they are reasonable in all material

respects. However, we caution that actual results, performances

or achievements could differ materially from those expressed or

implied in such forward-looking statements. We undertake no

obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement,

whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

Capitals

Financial Capital

Page 64

Manufactured Capital

Page 68

Intellectual Capital

Page 78

Human Capital

Page 82

Social & Relationship Capital

Page 96

Natural Capital

Page 106

Our Stakeholders

Business Segments

Customers

Investors

Suppliers

Employees

Channel Partners

Network Partners

Regulatory Bodies

Community/NGOs

Mobile Services

Homes Services

Digital TV Services

Airtel Business

5

4

Bharti Airtel Limited

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion & Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

Amidst new COVID-19 variants,

geo-political crises, soaring commodity

prices and high inflation, this financial

year saw India emerge as a bright spot

in the global economy. This is testament

to our government’s steadfast focus

on making India an economy that is

prepared to not just participate but lead

in the technology value chain and the

fourth industrial revolution. With the

active involvement of the private sector,

prodigious efforts were made to increase

industrial competitiveness, make internal

markets more efficient and incentivise

investments in sectors of the future. We

must all prepare to take a big step forward

and have the courage to do things in a

new way with renewed confidence.

For the Indian telecom industry, the year FY21-22 began on this

very note. The government ended years of dissonance within

the sector and announced pivotal reforms that addressed the

financial stress on the industry along with a softer regulatory

regime with reduced procedural formalities. These reforms

have emboldened the investment cycle within the industry for

upgrading and extending India’s digital highways.

Digitisation has proved to be a bulwark for the economy during

the pandemic and will continue to be the most powerful force

of socio-economic change in the country. It is important that

investments towards digitisation flow unabated at all levels, but

especially towards creating hard digital assets and networks.

It is my strong belief that Airtel must continue its role in India’s

digitisation journey. Keeping this in mind, Airtel raised nearly

$3.5 Bn in equity to add to our capacity to execute faster

across our national footprint. Operationally, Airtel pressed the

pedal harder to accelerate growth in each business segment –

whether mobile services, non-mobile or digital.

Mobile Services

Newly acquired spectrum was fired up during the year,

bolstering high speed data capacity and network reach across

circles. With a stated objective of ARPU expansion, your

company focused on attracting high quality and discerning

customers in both the prepaid and the postpaid segments.

Airtel outperformed competitors in expanding revenue market

share through incremental 4G net-adds, adding 21.5 Mn in the

year to cross the 200 Mn 4G smartphone customer threshold.

A brilliant experience built over a 5G ready network played an

integral part in delivering a robust performance. Airtel took the

lead in 5G by testing the network ahead of the competition and

became the first operator in India to demonstrate a 5G cloud

gaming experience and conduct a successful 700 Mhz band

trial for rural connectivity. We can proudly say that Airtel will

be at the forefront of bringing 5G connectivity to India with a

powerful network that will support India’s digital-first economy.

Non-mobile

Our solid execution machine encompassed all other segments

– Home Broadband, Digital TV and Airtel Business. On

Home Broadband, Airtel expanded its on-ground presence

significantly through an innovative asset-light local cable

operator partnership model, leading to a customer base

increase of almost 50% YoY to ~4.5 Mn. Equally, your company

continues to leverage its integrated connectivity presence

through Airtel Black, a perfect example of convergence play.

Enterprise business accelerated to YoY double digit growth on

the back of a strong focus on connectivity solutions as well as

emerging businesses including cloud services, cyber security,

data centers and IoT.

Tapping another robust growth opportunity emerging out of

surging demand for reliable data center solutions, rising digital

usage, cloud consumption and the upcoming 5G rollout, Airtel

announced `50 Bn of investment in data centers business

Nxtra with a target to triple the installed capacity.

Digital

As millions of Indians enter the digital economy, Airtel’s core

telecom business is the foundation on which a future-proof

business will be built to sustain a vital period of transformation.

The silent but steady evolution of services and offerings at

Airtel has resulted in incremental value creation from our

digital assets including Wynk Music, Thanks, Xstream, Ads

and IQ. Equally important to note is the rise of Airtel Payments

Bank which has been growing by leaps & bounds and now

has a customer base of over 129 Mn. The early successes

in our digital endeavors makes us even more confident that

in the next few years, digital services will add several billion

dollars to the company’s revenue while maintaining an asset

light approach.

Partnerships

With a customer obsessed approach, we continue to drive

deep partnerships with industry leading players like Amazon,

CISCO, Ericsson, Google, IBM, Intel, Meta, Microsoft, Netflix,

Nokia, Oracle, Qualcomm and many more.

Africa

On the back of a consistent and fundamentally strong business

strategy, our African operations continue to demonstrate a

sustainable and profitable growth trajectory, creating value

for all stakeholders. We continued to hold leadership position

as the largest or second-largest operator by customer market

share in 13 out of 14 markets in Africa. Airtel Africa plc achieved

a landmark by joining the FTSE 100 after just two and half years

of being listed. The company also secured the final approval for

its mobile money license in Nigeria.

Network Infrastructure

On the towers front, given the stabilising industry structure

and emerging opportunities related to future 5G rollouts,

we expanded our shareholding to ~47.95% in Indus Towers.

The company continues to exemplify the benefits of shared

networks and will be a formidable player in future rollouts.

Strong Balance Sheet

Continuing on our belief of a strong balance sheet providing

firepower to the on-ground teams, the company proactively

raised funds in the form of partly paid rights issue and

strategic equity sale to Google. With a focus to optimise

cost of financing and achieve a stronger balance sheet, the

company strategically pre-paid substantial amount of high

cost spectrum debt, financing it through the rights issue and

debt raised at a significantly lower cost. Simultaneously, the

company’s operational excellence is translating into healthy

cash flow generation and in turn helping us deleverage at an

accelerated pace.

CSR

Bharti Foundation wasn’t behind the pack in leveraging digital

for its philanthropic work in the area of education. Whether

it was video call lessons for students impacted by school

closures, online self-paced teacher training modules or using

ed-tech enabled platforms like digital classrooms and robotic

labs – the Foundation continued on the path of digitisation and

delivering long-term value to society.

Sustainability & Governance

As a company, we are committed to greening our network

by reducing carbon emissions, incorporating renewable

energy, sustainable waste management and developing a

robust climate change compact plan. In addition to these

initiatives and constitution of an ESG committee of directors,

the company continued to maintain the highest standards of

governance backed by full transparency and disclosures. As a

result, the company was again rated the highest GVC Level 1 by

CRISIL for corporate governance practices and value creation.

My sincere gratitude to our valued customers, resilient

employees, management, leadership team, investors, partners,

suppliers, entire distribution network and our shareholders for

their unflinching trust and support.

A special thanks to the Board of Directors for their

contributions and for guiding the company through various

challenges. I thank Mr. Manish Kejriwal and Mr. Shishir

Priyadarshi for their contribution and service to the company

as Board members. I’d also like to welcome Mr. Pradeep Kumar

Sinha and Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee to the Board.

Sunil Bharti Mittal

Chairman

Onwards with courage

and confidence

17

16

Bharti Airtel Limited

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion & Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements: Message from the

Dear Shareholders

The Financial Year 2021-22 was exceptional.

In particular, the second Covid wave during

April to May 2021 was unprecedented –

many of us and the people we know were

impacted including our own employees

at Airtel.

Nonetheless, despite the adversities, we

stood committed to our purpose of serving

the needs of India and ensuring that people

stayed connected. I am enormously proud

and grateful to our teams for that. This was

possible only due to our obsession with

customers. This obsession also led us to

emerge stronger through a tumultuous

period in the industry. Today we are one of

the most trusted brands in the country.

Backed by a strong strategy

At Airtel, our strategy remains consistent. Focus on winning

quality customers and a relentless obsession with customer

experience. Underpinning this are our core enablers. Bringing

the power of Airtel through a unified view of the customer

backed by an integrated channel approach. Scaling our digital

capabilities to deliver best-in-class experience and offering

differentiated digital services to our customers. Doing all this

with extreme financial prudence, while waging a war on waste.

Our performance over the past year has only reinforced our

belief in this strategy. I have captured some highlights on our

strategy and performance below.

Quality Customers. We continued to focus on acquiring

and retaining quality customers. We added 21.5 Mn 4G

customers to our network. We enjoy a premium position in the

industry and have increased our ARPU to `178 (FY21-22 exit),

the highest in the industry. The resilience of our customer

base was reflected in our ability to realise the full impact of

the tariff increase taken in November 2021. We also saw the

highest ever net additions to our Broadband base fuelled by

work-from-home and study-from-home needs. On DTH, while

the industry faced some headwinds, we gained market share.

On the Enterprise business, we strengthened our relationships

with a large number of corporate and SME customers, and

– A mass retail channel that serves the fragmented trade,

and the Direct to Customer channel that directly serves our

customers in the top urban catchments. The second change

was to bring the whole delivery organisation together. Today,

there is one team that goes to the customer’s home and

delivers our products across all our lines of business. All this

was made possible through our scaled digital platform of Airtel

Works through which every single employee and associate

is connected.

The third layer that sits on top of our Digital Experience is

our Digital Services. These include Wynk, among the largest

music streaming services in India, Nxtra, the largest data

center player in India, Airtel Payments Bank, the only profitable

and growing fintech player in the payments space, Airtel IQ,

one of the top CPaaS players in India and Airtel Ads, an Ad

tech platform that leverages all our digital assets to create an

additional revenue stream. If all our digital businesses were

in the market as standalone companies, there would be 5

additional unicorns that could be added to India’s tally of 100.

War on Waste. We saw significant pressure on cost

due to geopolitical issues, escalations in commodity prices

and shortages of chipsets. We continued to navigate these

headwinds by our continued focus on a War on Waste. This

has allowed us to improve margins and has given us further

operating leverage. In addition, we prepaid some of our high

cost spectrum debt of almost `24,000 crores.

ESG. We are deeply conscious of our responsibility to the

environment and our obligation to the society at large. We have

constituted a Board appointed ESG Committee to sharpen the

focus towards our Environmental and Sustainability agenda.

In addition, I lead a management council that drives our ESG

initiatives. We continued to drive green energy to power our

networks and data centres. For example, we were able to

eliminate 3 million litres of diesel from our tower operations by

using Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies

through switching off power based on projections of traffic.

Our Integrated Report spells out our initiatives for environment

sustainability and community development.

In closing, I would like to thank our customers, our people, our

partners and our shareholders for their faith in us. We seek

your continued support in our journey.

Gopal Vittal: Managing

Managing Director & CEO





Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal

Non-Executive Director

Audit

Committee

HR & Nomination

Committee

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Committee

Risk Management

Committee

Stakeholder

Relationship

Committee

Committee of

Directors

Environmental,

Social and

Governance (ESG)

Committee

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Member

 Member

 Member

 Member

 Member

 Member

 Member

Mr. Tao Yih Arthur Lang

Non-Executive Director



Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee#

Independent Director

#Appointed as Additional Directors w.e.f. May 18, 2022 to hold office as Independent Directors, subject to approval of members.

Photo to come

Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan

Independent Director



Ms. Nisaba Godrej

Independent Director





Mr. Manish Kejriwal

Independent Director

Mr. V. K. Viswanathan

Independent Director







Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi

Independent Director

Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha#

Independent Director



Mr. D.K. Mittal

Independent Director

Senior Management

The Board of Directors is adequately supported

by Senior Management including Key Managerial

Personnel (KMP) and the members of Airtel

Management Board (AMB). Brief profiles of KMP

and AMB comprising their qualification, experience,

domain knowledge and expertise and number of

years of working experience etc. is available on the

website of the Company at www.airtel.com.

21

20

Bharti Airtel Limited

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion & Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Board of Directors

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director to engage

functions and partners to manage the

risks. They are also responsible for the

identification of risks and escalating it

to the central teams for agreement on

mitigation plans.

Enterprise Risk Management

The ERM is a clear three-step process at Airtel that includes

risk identification, risk mitigation and monitoring and

reporting. In the first step, a well laid criteria helps in the

identification of enterprise level strategic risks that pose a

significant threat to the organisation regarding business and

operational continuity, brand and market perception, ability to

raise resources for future expansion and adapting to radical

changes in industry/technology, etc. The documentation of

the top risks and their sub-risks is done, and responsibility is

assigned to a risk owner.

The next step, risk mitigation, involves identification of

actions to eliminate exposure to potential risks and reduce

the likelihood and negative impact of such risks. Once the

risks are identified, a mitigation plan is formulated. Criteria

that are generally used for identifying effective mitigation

plan is explained in this ERM. In the final stage, bi-annual

monitoring is done by the Risk Management Committee

(RMC) of key strategic risks as well as the effectiveness

of the mitigation plan.

Identify potential risks

Scanning the entire

business environment –

internal and external

Risk assessment

Classifying the various

risks in terms of

probability, impact

and nature

Measuring

Developing objective

measurement

methodology for such risks

Risk mitigation action

Fixing accountability of

people and positions to

implement the mitigating

action plans

Agreements

Agreeing on detailed

action plans to manage

key risks

Listing & prioritising

Listing and prioritising the

key risks to be addressed

and managed

Budget approval

Approving resources,

including budgets for

risk management

Reviewing action plan

Reviewing progress

of action plans, taking

stock of gross and net

exposures and mandating

corrective actions

Reporting progress

Reporting progress

to the Board, Audit

Committee and Risk

Management Committee

Reporting issues

Reporting on specific

issues to the Audit

Committee and Risk

Management Committee

Risk identification

57

56

Bharti Airtel Limited

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion & Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Risks and Opportunities

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Message from the Chairman, Message from the Managing

Director & CEO

16

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Risk Management: Augmenting resilience and relevance

56

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report - Principle 1

155

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

Report on Corporate Governance

197

GOVERNANCE

102-18

Governance structure

Report on Corporate Governance: Governance Structure

198

102-19

Delegating authority

Report on Corporate Governance: Governance Structure

198

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental and

social topics

Report on Corporate Governance: Governance Structure

198

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and

social topics

Materiality Assessment and Stakeholder Engagement

46

102-22

Composition of the highest governance body and its

committees

Report on Corporate Governance: Board of Directors

198

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Report on Corporate Governance: Board of Directors

201

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest governance body

Report on Corporate Governance: Board Membership

Criteria and Selection Process

203

102-25

Conflicts of interest

Report on Corporate Governance: Codes, Policies &

Frameworks

220

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values,

and strategy

Report on Corporate Governance: Governance Structure

197

102-27

Collective knowledge of highest governance body

Report on Corporate Governance: Key Board skills,

expertise and competencies

202

102-28

Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance

Report on Corporate Governance: Performance Evaluation

204

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social

impacts

Enterprise Risk Management, Human Capital, Financial

Capital, Natural Capital and Social & Relationship Capital

106, 96

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes

Risk Management: Enterprise Risk Management

56

102-31

Review of economic, environmental and social topics

Risk Management: Risk Categorization

58

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting

Report on Corporate Governance: ESG Committee

216

102-33

Communicating critical concerns

Report on Corporate Governance: Stakeholders’

Relationship Committee

218

102-34

Nature and total number of critical concerns

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report

150

102-35

Remuneration policies

Report on Corporate Governance: Annexure B: Corporate

Policies

229

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

Report on Corporate Governance: Annexure B: Corporate

Policies

229

102-38

Annual total compensation ratio

Board's Report: Annexure F

195

102-39

Percentage increase in annual total compensation ratio

Board's Report: Annexure F

195

Disclosure

Disclosure Title

Section reference

Page

Number

Reference

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Materiality Assessment and Stakeholder Engagement

46

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report - Principle 3

157

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Materiality Assessment and Stakeholder Engagement

46

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Materiality Assessment and Stakeholder Engagement

46

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Materiality Assessment and Stakeholder Engagement

46

REPORTING PRACTICE

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

Financial Statements: Notes to Consolidated Financial

Statements

323

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

About the report

4

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment and Stakeholder Engagement:

Material Issues

52

102-48

Restatements of information

Key Performance Indicators

36

102-49

Changes in reporting

About the report

4

102-50

Reporting period

About the report

4

102-51

Date of most recent report

About the report

4

102-52

Reporting cycle

About the report

4

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report; Report on

Corporate Governance: Communication details

148

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

About the report

4

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index

112

102-56

External assurance

Assurance Statement

116

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

ECONOMIC

Economic Performance

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Management Discussion & Analysis

119

103-2

The management approach and its components

Management Discussion & Analysis: Business Overview

119

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Management Discussion & Analysis: SCOT analysis

137

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Financial Statements

242

201-3

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans

Financial Statements

242

201-4

Financial assistance received from government

Financial Statements

242

Market Presence

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Management Discussion & Analysis: Business Overview

120

103-2

The management approach and its components

Management Discussion & Analysis: Business Overview

120

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Management Discussion & Analysis: Business Overview

122

202-1

Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to

local minimum wage

Business responsibility and sustainability report: Principle 5

163

Procurement Practices

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Social & Relationship Capital

96

103-2

The management approach and its components

Social & Relationship Capital

96

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Social & Relationship Capital

96

204-1

Proportion of spending on local suppliers

Social & Relationship Capital

96

Anti-Corruption

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report - Principle 1

155

103-2

The management approach and its components

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report - Principle 1

155

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report - Principle 1

155

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report - Principle 1

155

205-2

Communication and training about anticorruption

policies and procedures

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report - Principle 1

155

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report - Principle 1

155

Anti-Competitive Behaviour

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report - Principle 9

171

103-2

The management approach and its components

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report - Principle 9

171

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report - Principle 9

171

206-1

Legal actions for anti-competitive behaviour, anti-trust, and

monopoly practices

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report - Principle 9

171

113

112

Bharti Airtel Limited

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion & Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated October

14, 2021 has offered a one-time opportunity to opt for

deferment of AGR-related dues determined by the Supreme

Court in the AGR case, by a period of four years with

immediate effect without changing the overall payment

period of 10 years as fixed by the Supreme court (i.e. the

last of the yearly instalment payment to be made by March

31, 2031). The revised amount of instalment of the AGR

dues is to be paid within the set time frame only. The Group

vide its: letter dated October 22, 2021 has confirmed with

DoT to avail the offer.

›

On March 31, 2021, DoT issued amendments to the ISP

licences granted under the old regime i.e. under the

2002 and 2007 guidelines that were implemented with

immediate effect. Amongst the changes brought about

by these amendments, the significant one is relating to

the imposition of the licence fee on the revenue from

pure internet services (by disallowing the deduction) on

standalone ISP operators w.e.f. March 31, 2021.

›

On September 15, 2021, the Cabinet announced major

reforms in the telecom sector with an objective to protect

and generate employment opportunities, promote healthy

competition, protect the interests of consumers, infuse

liquidity, encourage investment and reduce the regulatory

burden on TSPs. These reforms were categorised under

3 major heads i.e. Structural reforms, Procedural reforms

and Reforms to address the liquidity requirements of

telecom operators.

123

122

Bharti Airtel Limited

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion & Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter/other messaging platforms.

–

Anmol Ratna Website: Channel partners can access

Anmol Ratna portal through a secure login and

register a query, request, or complaint for redressal of

any issues.

Refer Link for Anmol Ratna Website

5.

Customers

Airtel has set up a dedicated customer care service to

receive and address customer complaints and grievances

through tele calling and SMS. Additionally, customers can

also raise their concerns via a dedicated email channel

and on the Airtel website and on Airtel Thanks App. Airtel

publishes the Telecom Consumers Charter in accordance

with TRAI’s clause 17 of the Telecom Consumers Complaint

Redressal Regulation, 2012. The Charter serves to inform

the customers of their rights and obligations, as well as

the quality of standards specified by the Authority and the

customer’s options for resolving disputes. Refer Link for

Airtel’s Telecom Customer Charter.2

Every stakeholder group has a grievance redressal platform

in the organisation, details of which are present on the

Company’s website.

1.

Communities & NGOs

The community grievance redressal process established

by Airtel provides an avenue for communities to voice

their concerns and promotes a transparent mechanism for

resolving their grievances in a just, fair, and timely manner.

Community members can send any concerns or grievances

at the dedicated email id: Community.Grievance@Airtel.com.

Refer Link for Communities & NGOs Grievance

Redressal Policy

2.

Investors and Shareholders

Investors and shareholders have access to the Compliance

Officer through a dedicated email (compliance.officer@

bharti.in) to report any concerns or grievances. Refer Link

for Investors and Shareholders.

3.

Employees and Workers

Airtel has adopted an Ombudsperson Policy (including Whistle

Blower Policy) that provides a mechanism for employees,

including both full-time, part-time employees and contractual

workers to report any concerns or grievances. The policy aims

to ensure that complainants can raise their concerns in full

conﬁdence, without any fear of retaliation or victimisation and

24. Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues

Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and social matters that

present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach to adapt or mitigate the risk along-with

its financial implications, as per the following format

S.

No.

Material issue

identified

Indicate

whether risk

or opportunity

(R/O)

Rationale for identifying the risk/opportunity. In case of risk, approach

to adapt or mitigate

Financial

implications

of the risk or

opportunity

(Indicate

positive or

negative

implications)

1.

Climate Change

Risk

Refer Page 56-61 in our Integrated report

2.

Data Loss Prevention

Risk

3.

Quality of Network

Infrastructure

Risk

4.

Digital Inclusion and

Enhanced Access

to ICT (Information

Communication

Technologies)

Opportunity

Digital content and apps have begun to define the lifestyle for mobile

customers across all segments. This growing demand for digital

services, coupled with Government of India’s vision for a ‘Digital India’,

presents an opportunity for us to serve wider number of customers

and promote greater digital inclusion. We are therefore investing

in expansion of our network infrastructure and spectrum portfolio,

especially in remote locations and under-served regions.

Positive

5.

Talent Attraction and

Development

Opportunity

A strong base of talented workforce presents an opportunity for us to

promote innovation, improve service delivery, and enhance customer

satisfaction. As we evolve from a traditional telecom firm to a digital

enterprise, our ability to attract and upskill talent will be critical in driving

enhanced business performance and market success.

Positive

6.

Diversity and

inclusion

Opportunity

The Board of Directors values the significance of diversity and firmly

believes that diversity of background, geographical region, expertise,

knowledge, perspectives, gender leads to sharper and balanced

decision-making. The Company has an eminent, high-performing

and diverse board – comprising 27% Woman Directors.

Diversity of workforce will help us improve our performance as it

increases the likelihood of bringing people with different types of

knowledge, views, perspectives, and cultural awareness together. This

diversity of ideas and viewpoints promotes creative breakthroughs as

teams will be more adaptive to reflect our customers’ needs. Therefore,

promoting a diverse and inclusive workforce will help us expand our

customer base and drive enhanced customer satisfaction

Positive

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Message from Managing Director & CEO” Mr. Gopal Vittal, in our Integrated Report FY2021-22.

8. Details of the highest authority responsible for implementation and

oversight of the Business Responsibility policy (ies).

ESG Committee, comprising of following directors:

a. Manish Kejriwal, DIN: 00040055,

Lead Independent Director and Chairman of ESG

Committee

b. Gopal Vittal, DIN: 02291778,: Managing

Letter of Offer dated

September 22, 2021.

Investment by Google International LLC

Airtel entered into a long-term, multi-year agreement with google

to accelerate the growth of India’s digital ecosystem. Together,

they will work to bring best-in-class end-to-end products to serve

customer needs, provide quality customer experience, and bring

their expertise to solve problems of affordability, access, and

digital inclusion. As part of this partnership, Google intends to

invest up to USD 1 Bn, as part of its Google for India Digitization

Fund, which includes equity investment as well as a corpus for

potential commercial agreements, to be identified and agreed

on mutually agreeable terms over the course of the next five

years. This deal is subject to necessary regulatory approvals.

The intimation dated January 28, 2022 submitted with the stock

exchanges in this regard is available on the Company’s website at

https://assets.airtel.in/teams/simplycms/web/docs/Outcome-

Jan28BMfinal.pdf.

Capital Market Ratings

As on March 31, 2022, the Company was rated by two domestic

rating agencies namely CRISIL and India Ratings & Research

Private Limited, and three international rating agencies, namely

Fitch Ratings, Moody’s and S&P.

During the year ended March 31, 2022:

a)

CRISIL upgraded its long term ratings of the Company from

CRISIL AA (Stable) to CRISIL AA+(Stable);

b)

Short-term ratings were maintained at the highest end of

the rating scale at CRISIL A1+/ IND A1+; and

c)

S&P and Moody’s revised their outlook to BBB- (Stable) and

to Ba1 (Positive), respectively.

d)

Fitch Ratings maintained the rating at BBB- (Negative).

Employee Stock Option Plan

As on March 31, 2022, the Company has two Employee Stock

Options (‘ESOP’) schemes namely ‘Employee Stock Option

Scheme – 2001’ and ‘Employee Stock Option Scheme – 2005’.

Besides attracting talent, the ESOP schemes also helps retain

talent and experience to optimise the long-term interest for the

organisation. The HR and Nomination Committee administers

and monitors the Company’s ESOP schemes.

Both the ESOP schemes are currently administered through

Bharti Airtel Employees Welfare Trust (ESOP Trust), whereby

shares held by the ESOP Trust are transferred to the employee,

upon exercise of stock options as per the terms of the Scheme.

Pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (Share Based Employee

Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (‘ESOP

Regulations’), a disclosure with respect to ESOP Schemes of the

Company as on March 31, 2022 is available on the Company’s

website at https://www.airtel.in/about-bharti/equity/results.

The Board in its meeting held on May 17, 2022, has approved the

revision in the ESOP Scheme 2005 inter-alia including increase

in ESOP Pool by 27,460,136 options (i.e. upto 0.50% of the

paid-up capital of the Company as on March 31, 2022), subject

to the approval of the shareholders in the AGM. The detailed

explanatory statement in this regard is annexed to the Notice of

the ensuing AGM.

During the previous year, there were no material changes

in the aforesaid ESOP Schemes of the Company and the

ESOP Schemes are in compliance with ESOP Regulations.

The certificate from Chandrasekaran Associates, Company

Secretaries, certifying that the schemes are implemented in

accordance with the ESOP Regulations and the resolutions

passed by the members, is available for inspection by the

members in electronic mode.

Material changes and commitments affecting

the financial position between the end of

financial year and date of report after the

balance sheet date

There were no material changes and commitments affecting the

financial position of the Company between the end of financial

year and the date of this report.

Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

Inductions,

Re-appointments,

Retirements

and

Resignations

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013,

Ms. Chua Sock Koong, Director of the Company, will retire

by rotation at the ensuing AGM and being eligible, offers

herself for re-appointment. The Board recommends her

re-appointment at the ensuing AGM.

Mr. Gopal Vittal, the: Managing Director & CEO of the Company,

will be completing his present term on January 31, 2023.

The Board at its meeting held on May 17, 2022, based on the

recommendation of the HR and Nomination Committee and

subject to the approval of shareholders, has re-appointed

Mr. Gopal Vittal as Managing Director designated as Managing

Director & CEO of the Company for a further term of five years

w.e.f. February 01, 2023.

Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 161 and other

applicable provisions of the Act and applicable provisions of

Listing Regulations, the Board at its meeting held on May 17,

2022, based on recommendation of the HR and Nomination

Committee and subject to the approval of the shareholders,

has appointed Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha (DIN: 00145126)

and Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee (DIN: 03024803) as Independent

Directors w.e.f. May 18, 2022 to hold office for a term of five

consecutive years i.e. upto May 17, 2027. The Board recommends

their appointment at the ensuing AGM. In the opinion of the Board

they possess requisite qualifications, experience, expertise,

proficiency and hold high standards of integrity.

The Company has received requisite notice(s) from a member

under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013 proposing their

appointment as Independent Directors.

Mr. Sunil Bharti Mittal,

Managing Director & CEO.

A certificate of compliance of all applicable laws and regulations

along with exceptions report and mitigation plan, if any, is placed

before the Audit Committee and Board of Directors on a quarterly

basis. Additionally, the Company has centralised automated tool

in place viz. Notice Management System to regularly monitor and

update the legal notices and court cases.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure-A to this report and forms an integral part of this report.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on the random test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for

our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on the random test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

FRN: P1988DE002500

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1428/2021

Dr. S. Chandrasekaran

Senior Partner

Membership No. FCS No.: 1644

Certificate of Practice No: 715

Date: May 17, 2022

UDIN: F001644D000305442

Annexure-A to the Secretarial Audit Report

1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company

At Bharti Airtel Limited (Airtel), business success is not just

about profits and shareholder returns. As a good corporate

citizen, Airtel is committed to nation building through

impactful interventions. We firmly believe that aligning

social activities with our business objectives is critical

to ensure sustainable economic growth. We have been

actively undertaking community development initiatives

towards realization of a prosperous society by collaborating

with diverse stakeholders. We believe in pursuing wider

socio-economic and cultural objectives and have always

endeavoured to not just meet, but try and exceed the

expectations of the communities in which we operate. The

CSR policy of the Company is available at website of the

Company www.airtel.com.

Giving back to the very community that helps our business

thrive and sustain has been our priority since inception.

Airtel has been an early adopter of CSR initiatives and it

established, Bharti Foundation the philanthropic arm

of Bharti Enterprises back in 2000, with the objective of

transforming the lives of children and youth by proactively

implementing and supporting programs in primary,

secondary, and higher education as well as sanitation.

Bharti Foundation, is undertaking programs on behalf of

Airtel and its subsidiaries. It acts as a strong institutionalized

body towards uplifting communities by supporting holistic

education programs at multiple levels. The programs

of Bharti Foundation are aligned with Sustainable

Development Goals - Quality Education, Gender Equality,

Clean Water and Sanitation and Partnership for the

Goals. The initiatives of Bharti Foundation are in synergy

with National Programs and Government Missions which

includes programs such as Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, Beti

Bachao Beti Padhao, National Nutrition Mission and Swachh

Bharat Abhiyan.

Our flagship initiative provides quality education to

underprivileged children, completely free of cost, with

a special focus on the girl child. Through our programs,

we aim to create a lasting and sustainable impact on the

communities especially around our 173 schools. We are

constantly working towards finding innovative solutions

through our primary, elementary and senior secondary

schools, to create replicable and scalable components in

the program.

7 Lakhs+

Students impacted since inception

13,900+

Schools impacted since inception

71,000+

Teachers impacted since inception

17,000+

Villages impacted since inception

2.5 Mn+

Community members impacted

since inception

Annexure B

Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Activities

The overview of various CSR projects and programs undertaken

by the Company has been provided in the Corporate Social

Responsibility Report section of this Annual Report.

2. Composition of CSR Committee:

Sl.

No.

Name of

Director

Designation/

Nature of

Directorship

Number of meetings of

CSR Committee

Held

Attended

1

Mr. Rakesh

Bharti Mittal

Chairman

(Non-Executive

Director)

1

1

2

Mr. Gopal

Vittal

Member

(MD and CEO)

1

1

3

Mr. Dinesh

Kumar Mittal

Member

(Independent

Director)

1

1

3. Web-link

where

Composition

of

CSR

committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects

approved by the board are disclosed on the

website of the company.

The relevant links are as follows:

Composition of CSR committee: https://www.airtel.in/

about-bharti/equity/corporate-governance.

CSR Policy: https://assets.airtel.in/teams/simplycms/web/

docs/Bharti_Airtel-Updated_CSR_Policy_June2021.pdf.

Annual Action Plan for financial year 2021-22: https://

assets.airtel.in/teams/simplycms/web/docs/Equity-

Annual-Action-Plan-01122021.pdf.

4. The details of Impact assessment of CSR

projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule

(3) of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate

Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if

applicable (attach the report).

Not Applicable for the financial year 2021-22.

5. Details of the amount available for set off

in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the

Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility

Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for

set off for the financial year, if any

Not Applicable

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO)

DIN: 02291778

Place: Gurgaon

Rakesh Bharti Mittal

(Chairman CSR Committee)

DIN: 00042494

Place: New Delhi

(d) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads

NIL

(e) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable

NIL

(f) Total amount spent for the Financial Year (8b+8c+8d+8e)

`16.43 Mn

(g) Excess amount for set off, if any

Sl.

No.

Particular

Amount

(in ` Mn)

(i)

Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5)

Nil

(ii)

Total amount spent for the Financial Year

16.43

(iii)

Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]

16.43

(iv)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years, if any

86.10

(v)

Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)]

102.53

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated September 23, 2021.

We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants, the

Statutory Auditors of Bharti Airtel Limited (“the Company”),

have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance by the Company, for the year ended on March 31,

2022, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i)

of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (the Listing Regulations).

Managements’ Responsibility

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the

responsibility of the Management. This responsibility includes

the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control

and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions

of the Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and

implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring

compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It

is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial

statements of the Company.

We have examined the books of account and other relevant

records and documents maintained by the Company for the

purposes of providing reasonable assurance on the compliance

with Corporate Governance requirements by the Company.

We have carried out an examination of the relevant records

of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note on

Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of

the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI), the Standards on

Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act

2013, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate and

as per the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special

Purposes issued by the ICAI which requires that we comply with

the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements

of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control

for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical

Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related

Services Engagements.

Opinion

Based on our examination of the relevant records and according

to the information and explanations provided to us and the

representations provided by the Management, we certify that

the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses

(b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of

the Listing Regulations during the year ended March 31, 2022.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the

future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the Management has conducted the affairs of

the Company.

For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W / W-100018)

Nilesh H. Lahoti

Partner

Date: May 17, 2022

(Membership No. 130054)

Place: New Delhi

(UDIN: 22130054AJCKYQ1262)

Annexure D

Form No. AOC-2

(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)

Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties referred

to in sub-section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transactions under third

proviso thereto

1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis

Not applicable.

All the contracts, arrangements or transactions entered in to by the Company with related parties during the financial year

ended March 31, 2022, were at arm's length basis, in ordinary course of business and were approved by the Audit Committee.

2. Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm’s length basis

Sl.

No. Particulars

Details

(a)

Name(s) of the related

party and nature of

relationship

Indus Towers Limited (Joint Venture)

(b)

Nature of contracts/

arrangements/

Transactions

Passive infrastructure services, telecommunication services, reimbursement of expenses,

purchase/ sale/ exchange/ transfer/ lease of business asset(s) and/ or equipment(s) including

passive infrastructure assets to meet its business objectives/ requirements, selling or otherwise

disposing of or leasing, or buying property(ies) to meet its business objectives/ requirements

and transfer of resources, services or obligations to meet its business objectives/ requirements

(c)

Duration of the contracts/

arrangements/ transactions

All the contracts/arrangements/transactions are on ongoing basis unless otherwise specified

under the Master Service Agreement.

(d)

Salient terms of the

contracts or arrangements

or transactions including

the value, if any

The Company has an arrangement with Indus Towers governing the detailed terms and

conditions under which the Company avails passive infrastructure and related services

from Indus Towers. The arrangement prescribes material terms and conditions w.r.t. sharing

of passive infrastructure at sites, provision for related operation and maintenance service,

corresponding obligations of both the parties and service level schedules applicable with

respect to the said obligations. The arrangement also prescribes the tower sharing process,

site access, acquisition and deployment timelines, the service levels and uptime to be

maintained, site electrification requirements, the governance process and applicable charges

including standard charges, annual increment, various site levels, premiums and additional

charges determined basis the installed active equipment of the Company etc. Please refer Note

no. 33 to the standalone financial statements provided in this Integrated Annual Report.

(e)

Date(s) of approval by the

Board, if any

N.A.

The related party transactions are placed before the Audit Committee for its prior approval in

compliance with the requirement of Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations every year

before commencement of the Financial Year and for modifications, if any.

(f)

Amount paid as advances,

if any

As per the terms of Master Service Agreement.

NOTE: The term “material” means a transaction to be entered individually or taken together with previous transactions in a financial year, which

exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the Company as per the last audited financial statements of the Company, as defined in the

Related Party Transaction Policy of the Company.

For and on behalf of the Board

Sunil Bharti Mittal

Date: May 17, 2022

Chairman

Place: Puglia, Italy

DIN: 00042491

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

152,581,334

5.83

178.32

Non-executive Directors

3.

Ms. Chua Sock Koong

4,554,900

0.85

5.32

4.

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal

3,000,000

Nil

3.51

5.

Mr. Tao Yih Arthur Lang

4,554,900

0.85

5.32

Independent Directors

6.

Mr. Craig Ehrlich*

3,359,812

0.76

10.93

7.

Mr. D.K. Mittal

13,700,000

3.00

16.01

8.

Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan

10,150,650

9.03

11.86

9.

Mr. Manish Kejriwal

8,200,000

7.89

9.58

10.

Ms. Nisaba Godrej#

4,316,438

N.A.

7.70

11.

Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi

9,850,650

5.02

11.51

12.

Mr. V. K. Viswanathan

10,200,000

7.36

11.92

Key Managerial Personnel other than Executive Directors

13.

Mr. Pankaj Tewari, Company Secretary

15,012,815

9.94

17.55

14.

Mr. Soumen Ray, CFO (India & South Asia) **

12,917,539

N.A.

55.10

15.

Mr. Badal Bagri, CFO (India & South Asia)***

16,231,633

(3.85)

36.25

Annexure F

Statement of Disclosure of Remuneration Under Section 197(12) of

Companies Act, 2013, read with rule 5(1) of Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) rules, 2014

Notes:

a.

There has been no change in the overall remuneration of Mr. Sunil

Bharti Mittal, Chairman from last year. The insignificant downward

change reflected above is attributable to change in the perquisite

value.

b.

Change in remuneration of Non-Executive Directors vis-à-

vis previous year, if any, is due to change in their committee

membership, meetings attended, sitting fee paid and change in

foreign exchange rates.

c.

The remuneration of Mr. Gopal Vittal, Mr. Pankaj Tewari and

Mr. Badal Bagri excludes perquisite value of `264,159,422/-

`4,287,299/- and `36,028,853/- respectively towards exercise of

stock options during FY 2021-22.

* Mr. Craig Ehrlich ceased to be a Director of the Company w.e.f. close of

business hours on August 03, 2021.

**Mr. Soumen Ray, CFO (India & South Asia) was appointed as a CFO (and

KMP) of the Company w.e.f. December 21, 2021.

*** Mr. Badal Bagri resigned from the position of CFO (India & South Asia)

w.e.f. October 8, 2021.

#Nisaba Godrej was appointed as an Independent Director of the

Company w.e.f. August 04, 2021.

1.

The value of performance linked incentive (PLI) in remuneration

of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) represents incentive @ 100%

performance level. For effective comparison, the PLI component

of their remuneration for FY 2021-22 has also been considered @

100% performance level.

2.

Remuneration of Employees and KMPs does not include perquisite

value of stock options exercised during FY 2021-22.

3.

Percentage increase in remuneration and ratio thereof is based

on annualised remuneration.

4.

The remuneration paid to Independent Director also includes

sitting fees of `1,00,000/- per Board/Committee meeting attended

by them during the FY 2021-22.

5.

The percentage increase in the remuneration of Non-Executive

Directors has been arrived after taking into account the annual

commission of `60,301,012/- paid to them for FY 2020-21 after

the shareholders’ approval dated August 31, 2021. This includes an

amount of `2,598,396/- paid to Ms. Tan Yong Choo for FY 2020-21

who ceased to be director of the Company w.e.f. October 27, 2020.

6.

Apart from aforesaid annual commission, a payment of one-time

special commission of `41,000,000/- in aggregate was made to

Non-Executive Independent Directors for each of the financial

years 2020-21 and 2021-22, within the overall limit approved

by the shareholders and upon approval of the Board and HR &

Nomination Committee considering their efforts, tenure, role

including chairmanship of various committees, time commitment

and overall contribution in navigating the Company through

turbulence in the telecom industry and unprecedented challenges

posed by the pandemic.

Airtel has been working on improving enterprise customer’s

experience, configuration and service provisioning by leveraging

automation and expanded B2B business exponentially.

The new platforms have enabled automatic optimization of multi-

layered networks, thereby reducing drop calls, network blocking,

and increasing data throughputs for setting new benchmarks in

end user experience.

Airtel is working comprehensively preparing for 5G rollouts,

including building transport & other capabilities.

Airtel has taken a strong leadership in building the ecosystem

for open RAN adoption and deployment in India. Airtel is the first

operator to test and validate a multi-vendor, cloud-native 5G

RAN network in its lab and in the field. The open RAN holds a lot

of promise towards a development of a vibrant and innovative

vendor ecosystem to increase velocity of innovative technologies’

adoption in RAN networks.

Airtel has actively participated and contributed to O-RAN

working groups, deeply engaged with the TIP forum and

leading the RAN workgroup as co-chair to drive multi-vendor,

pre-validated RAN blueprints and the RIC specific use cases in

the forum. Airtel is also participating in a Open source initiative

within TSDSI, to help create open source components that can

help India’s start-up ecosystem jump-start their product and

solution development for O-RAN ecosystem.

2.

The benefits derived like product improvement,

cost reduction, product development or import

substitution

Airtel designed and developed an AI-ML-driven in-house, closed-

loop, self-healing platform called Airtel SON (A-SON). The

solution is first in the marketplace, aimed to address challenging,

proactive use-cases to ensure the improved customer experience

alognwith OPEX savings.

In case of imported technology (imported during the

last three years reckoned from the beginning of the

financial year)

a.

the details of technology imported;

Only telecom equipment’s are imported. The Company

does not import any technology.

b.

the year of import;

NA

c.

whether the technology been fully absorbed;

NA

d.

if not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not

taken place, and the reasons thereof; and

NA

3.

The expenditure incurred on Research and

Development

Airtel has deployed a multitude of Tools and Applications with

the focus to drive “Customer Experience” and improve “Cost

to Serve”.

One of the focus areas is on Complaint resolution. Airtel has

deployed Automation in customer complaint handling to have

systems driven RCA and close tracking of issues till resolution.

Airtel is also focusing to use AI/ML in their Network Planning and

Performance management. This is helping to accurately address

the capacity needs and balance the network traffic.

Airtel has also deployed some of the very advanced

Geo-Analytics tools, through which the network experience

can be seen at any time of day virtually. This has greatly

simplified the way networks are managed and optimized.

Automation has also been done in the field operations with

complete Alarm correlation resulting greater synergies for

increased network availability.

Airtel has integrated Wi-Fi analytics software across its portfolio

of Wi-Fi routers to improve the overall customer experience and

reducing the cost to serve. These analytics are being used for

extracting actionable insights on how the Wi-Fi environment (in

terms of coverage, interference etc.) in a specific deployment is

and remotely triage and fix customer issues. Airtel is providing

additional control and diagnosis capabilities to our customers by

integrating these capabilities into the Airtel’s Thanks Application.

In addition, Airtel has launched many value added services for

home broadband customers such as- portable UPS to power

ONT and WiFi routers inside home to allow uninterrupted

broadband connectivity, security solutions to protect individual

subscribers’ devices, data and application against cyber-threats.

C. Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo

Activities relating to initiatives taken to increase exports,

development of new export markets for products and services,

and export plans.

Total foreign exchange used and earned for the year:

(a)

Total Foreign Exchange Earnings `29,479 Mn

(b)

Total Foreign Exchange Outgo `86,122 Mn

For and on behalf of the Board

Sunil Bharti Mittal

Date: May 17, 2022

Chairman

Place: Puglia, Italy

DIN: 00042491

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director &

CEO as Chairman and senior management members.

Separate posts of Chairman and: Managing Director &

CEO: Since 2013, the positions of the

Managing Director & CEO

(02291778)

2

-

-

Indus Towers Limited

(Non-Executive, Non-Independent)

Non-Executive and

Non-Independent Directors

Ms. Chua Sock Koong

(00047851)

1

-

-

-

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal

(00042494)

2

-

-

-

Mr. Tao Yih Arthur Lang

(07798156)

1

-

2

-

Independent Directors

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Mittal

(00040000)

7

5

2

1. Balrampur Chini Mills Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

2. Max Financial Services Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

3. Max Ventures and Industries Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

4. Trident Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

Mr. Manish Kejriwal

(00040055)

2

-

3

1. Bajaj Holdings & Investment Limited

(Non-Executive, Non-Independent)

2. Bajaj Finserv Limited

(Non-Executive, Non-Independent)

Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi

(03459204)

-

-

-

-

Mr. V. K. Viswanathan

(01782934)

7

4

4

1. United Spirits Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

2. KSB Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

3. ABB India Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

4. HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan

(02102783)

-

-

-

-

Ms. Nisaba Godrej

(00591503)

5

-

-

1. Godrej Agrovet Limited

(Non-Executive, Non-Independent)

2. Godrej Consumer Products Limited

(Executive Chairperson)

3. VIP Industries Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

4. Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

Notes:

1.

The directorships, held by Directors, as mentioned above, do not include the directorships held in foreign body corporates, private limited

companies and Bharti Airtel Limited.

2.

Committees considered for the purpose are those prescribed under Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations viz. Audit Committee and

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of Indian Public Limited companies other than Bharti Airtel Limited. Committee memberships details

provided do not include chairmanship of committees as it has been provided separately.

3.

Mr. Craig Edward Ehrlich ceased to be an Independent Director w.e.f. the close of business hours on August 03, 2021.

4.

Ms. Nisaba Godrej was appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. August 04, 2021.

5.

Except Mr. Sunil Bharti Mittal and Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal, who are brothers, none of the Directors are relatives of any other director.

6.

As on March 31, 2022, apart from Mr. Gopal Vittal,: Managing Director & CEO who holds 14,64,710 equity shares and Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan,

who holds 115 shares, no other Director of the Company holds shares in the Company.

B. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Size and Composition

The Company’s Board is an optimum mix of Executive, Non-Executive, Independent and Women Directors, and conforms to the

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, Listing Regulations, FDI guidelines, terms of shareholders’ agreement and other applicable

statutory provisions.

As on March 31, 2022, the Board comprised Eleven members, including a

letter of appointment to the

Independent Directors at the time of their appointment/

re-appointment. The terms and conditions of the

appointment of Independent Directors are available on the

Company’s website at https://s3-ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.

com/bsy/ipor tal/images/ Terms-and- conditions- of-

appointment-of-Independent-Director_71431EDE0A09885D5A

367A04374E5FB5.pdf.

Lead Independent Director

In line with its well-defined and structured Board governance

process, the Company follows the practice of appointing a Lead

Independent Director. The roles and responsibilities of Lead

Independent Director are as follows:

a)

Preside over all deliberations/ sessions/ quarterly meetings

of the Independent Directors.

b)

Provide objective feedback on behalf of the Independent

Directors as a group to the Board on various

matters, including agenda and other matters relating to

the Company.

c)

Liaise between the Chairman,: Managing

Managing Director &

CEO

Evaluation of Chairman on certain additional criteria such as leadership development, Board

management, impartiality, Corporate Governance, recognition & awards and company’s

international positioning etc; and: Managing Director & CEO on the achievement of strategic goals,

clarity on vision, openness to constructive suggestions, delivery of business performance, talent

and leadership management etc.

5.

Independent Directors The role of Independent Directors can be divided into three broad categories:

a) Vision and Strategic Guidance

b) Governance

c) Control

Based on the above, the Independent Directors were evaluated by the Board on certain additional

criteria including:

›

Devotion of sufficient time and attention towards professional obligations for independent

decision making and for acting in the best interests of the Company.

›

Providing strategic guidance to the Company and help determine important policies with a view

to ensure long-term viability and strength.

›

Bringing external expertise and independent judgement that contributes objectivity in the

Board’s deliberations, particularly on issues of strategy, performance and conflict management.

The recommendations arising out of the evaluation process were discussed with the Board and Board-Committees and individual

feedback was provided.

d) Outcome

of

the

Evaluation

process

and

action plan

The Board was satisfied with overall performance &

effectiveness of the Board, Committee, and Individual

Directors, and appreciated Company’s ethical standards,

transparency and progress on sustainability/ ESG

during the year. It was noted that the Board as a whole is

functioning as an effective and cohesive body. It was also

noted that the Committees are functioning effectively in

accordance with their defined charters/ terms of reference.

The Board lauded the performance of management despite

the challenges posed by the pandemic and the economic

and social disruption that it has caused.

The evaluation demonstrated high governance standards

of the Company, the resilience of the Board and the

Management and the effective communication between

the Board and the Management.

in order to form a fair and independent judgement on all matters

related to functioning of the Board, senior management and

the Company as a whole. At these meetings, the Independent

Directors discuss various matters including Company’s

performance; industry landscape and Company’s strategy; key

strategic risks faced by the Company; succession planning;

governance and compliance; performance of Non-Independent

Directors, the Board as a whole and the

Managing Director & CEO towards ensuring the

continuous engagement of Board with management on

industry specific orientations during the year and decided

to persist with consistent exposure of senior management

to Board for guidance/ feedback. Further, the Board, in line

with global priorities and in order to ensure long-term value

creation for all stakeholders, agreed to bring sharper focus

on Company’s efforts and progress on its ESG journey.

The Board’s suggestions have been noted and taken up

for implementation.

e)

Action

taken

on

outcome

of

last

year

performance evaluation

Progress on recommendations from last year’s performance

evaluation was also discussed/ reviewed. During the year

ended March 31, 2022, the: Managing Director & CEO, in

consultation with the

Managing Director & CEO

3(3)

Mr. Pankaj Tewari

Company Secretary

3(3)

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal

Non-executive Director

3(3)

Mr. Badal Bagri*

Chief Financial Officer

1(1)

Mr. Soumen Ray#

Chief Financial Officer

2(2)

Mr. V. K. Viswanathan

Independent Director

3(3)

* Mr. Badal Bagri ceased to be a member of the Committee w.e.f. October 08, 2021 upon his cessation as CFO of the Company.

# Mr. Soumen Ray was inducted as a member of the Committee w.e.f. December 21, 2021.

100%

Attendance at the Risk Management Committee

meetings during FY 2021-22

b)

Brief Responsibilities of the Risk Management

Committee:

The brief responsibilities of the Risk Management

Committee, inter-alia, include the following:

1.

Formulate and the implementation of risk

management policy;

2.

Identify and oversee internal & external risks in

particular including financial, operational, sectoral,

sustainability (viz. ESG), information, privacy & data

security, cybersecurity etc. and mitigation thereof;

3.

Review of systems and processes for internal controls.

The Committee is governed through its formal Charter which may

be referred for its detailed purpose & objective, responsibilities

and powers. The same is available on the Company’s Website

at https://assets.airtel.in/teams/simplycms/web/docs/Charter-

Document-Risk-Management-Committee.pdf.

Risk Management Framework available at: https://www.airtel.in/

about-bharti/equity/corporate-governance.

c)

Key matters considered by the Risk Management

Committee

Activities of the Committee during the year

Frequency

Review of the Enterprise Risk Management

Framework of the Company

Review and assessment and mitigation of key

strategic risks including industry specific risks,

privacy, data security and cyber security etc.

Assessment of top risks to the effective execution

of the Company’s strategy; tracked trend lines of top

strategic, operational and compliance-related risks,

the likelihood of their occurrence, potential impact

and progress of mitigation actions.

Annually

Quarterly

Half Yearly

Periodically

d) Chief Risk Officer

As on March 31, 2022, Mr. Ramjee Verma is the Chief Risk

Officer of the Company.

4.

Determine the compensation, KRAs and performance

targets of Chairman and Managing Directors & CEOs.

5.

Review succession planning for Executive and Non-

Executive Directors and other senior executives.

6.

Formulate the evaluation criteria and conduct an

annual evaluation of the overall effectiveness of

the Board & its Committees and performance of

each Director.

7.

Review attraction, retention and development

strategies for employee.

8.

Administer the ESOP scheme(s), formulate ESOP plans

and decide on future grants.

The Committee is governed through its formal Charter

which may be referred for its detailed purpose and

objective, responsibilities and powers. The same is available

on the Company’s Website at https://assets.airtel.in/

teams/simplycms/web/docs/Charter-Document-HR-and-

Nomination-Committee.pdf.

c)

Key matters considered by the HR & Nomination

Committee

Activities of the Committee during the year

Frequency

Review of HR Update – India & South Asia

comprising of key metrics including head count

(on roll, contractual, targets and trend); HR metrics:

attrition, diversity, cost, L&D and engagement etc;

change in senior management; workforce related

changes/movements arising out of M&A activities;

serious accidents and other incidents, if any; internal

auditors’ report on human resource related issues/

observations & actions taken and forecast of CEO/

Company performance versus targets etc.

Review of detailed Succession planning framework

including specific listing of critical talent, successor

readiness timeline/ contingency plan for each

position and key metrics including criteria of

identification

of

successors,

their

coaching,

mentorship, development and engagement etc.

Approval of Rolling Agenda of the Committee, fixed

in advance for the year to discuss planned key

agenda items quarter on quarter including progress

on HR priorities.

Approval of Key Result Areas (KRAs) of the Chairman

including his responsibilities for India and overseas

operations and KRAs of: Managing Director & CEO.

Recommendation of Performance Linked Incentive

payable to

Managing Director & CEO and Mr. Dinesh Kumar Mittal,

Independent Director.

The Company Secretary or in his absence, the Deputy

Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Committee.

During FY 2021-22, the Committee met once on May

17, 2021, where all the members of the Committee

were present.

b)

Brief responsibilities of the CSR Committee

The brief responsibilities of the CSR Committee include

the following.

1.

Formulate, monitor and recommend to the Board,

CSR Policy and the activities to be undertaken by the

Company along with Annual Action Plan.

2.

Review the Company’s performance in the area

of CSR and evaluate social impact of Company’s

CSR activities.

3.

Review the CSR related disclosure(s) including annual

report on CSR.

4.

Ensure that the funds contributed by the Company

under CSR are spent by the implementation agency

for the intended purpose only.

The Committee is governed through its formal Charter

which may be referred for its detailed purpose and objective,

responsibilities and powers. The same is available on the

Company’s Website at https://assets.airtel.in/teams/

simplycms/web/docs/Charter-Document-CSR-Committee.

pdf.

CSR Policy available at: https://www.airtel.in/about-bharti/

equity/corporate-governance.

c)

Annual

Report

on

Corporate

Social

Responsibility Report Activities for the year

ended March 31, 2022

The CSR Report for the year ended March 31, 2022 is

annexed as Annexure B to the Board’s Report.

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Committee

Mr. Manish Kejriwal, Independent Director

Chairman

a)

Composition, Meetings and Attendance

To sharpen Company’s focus on ESG agenda and long

term stakeholder value creation, the Board constituted a

separate ESG Committee during the year ended March 31,

2022. The Committee comprises five members including

three Independent Directors as on March 31, 2022.

Mr. Manish Kejriwal, Independent Director is the Chairman

of the Committee.

Subsequent to the financial year ended March 31, 2022,

the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on May 17, 2022,

re-constituted the Committee, as follows:

a)

Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha, Independent Director has

been inducted as a member of the Committee w.e.f.

May 18, 2022.

b)

Ms. Nisaba Godrej, Independent Director shall act

as a Chairperson of the Committee w.e.f. September

26, 2022 i.e. upon retirement of Manish Kejriwal

from the Board w.e.f. close of business hours on

September 25, 2022.

The Company Secretary or in his absence, Deputy

Company Secretary acts as secretary to the Committee.

During FY 2021-22, the Committee met once on

March 30, 2022.

The composition of the Committee and attendance of members at the Committee meetings held during FY 2021-22, are given below:

Name of Director

Designation

Number of Meetings attended

(total held during Tenure)

Mr. Manish Kejriwal, Chairman

Independent Director

1(1)

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Mittal

Independent Director

1(1)

Mr. Gopal Vittal: Managing

Managing Director & CEO and

other select members of senior management. ACC meets

as and when deem necessary to cater to the day to day

requirements of the Company.

c)

Transaction based/ Event-specific Committees

The Company has also constituted other non-statutory

transaction based/ event-specific special Committees, from

time to time, in the areas of fund raising and restructuring

including Equity fund raising, Preferential allotment, Rights

Issue, Debt Fund Raising, Evaluation of stake in Indus

Towers Limited and reorganisation of Business and

Shareholding Structure etc. These Committees operate

under the direct supervision of the Board, in accordance

with assigned scope of work and their terms of reference.

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal, Non-executive Director

Chairman

a)

Composition, Meetings and Attendance

In compliance with the Regulation 20 of the Listing Regulations, requirements and provisions of Section 178 of the Companies

Act, 2013, the Company has constituted a Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee. The Committee comprises four members

including two Independent Directors. Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal, Non-Executive Director is the Chairman of the Committee.

The Company Secretary or in his absence, Deputy Company Secretary acts as a secretary to the Committee.

Subsequent to the year ended March 31, 2022, the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on May 17, 2022, inducted

Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee, Independent Director as a member of the Committee w.e.f. May 18, 2022.

During FY 2021-22, the Committee met four times i.e. on May 17, 2021, August 03, 2021, November 02, 2021 and February

08, 2022.

The attendance of members at the meetings held during FY 2021-22, are given below:

Name of Director

Designation

Number of Meetings attended

(total held during Tenure)

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal, Chairman

Non-executive Director

4(4)

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Mittal

Independent Director

4(4)

Mr. Gopal Vittal: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, regarding

affirmation of the compliance with the Code of Conduct by

Board Members and Senior Management for the financial

year ended March 31, 2022, is annexed as Annexure A to

this report.

As a process, an annual confirmation is also sought from

all employees. All employees are expected to confirm

compliance to the Code of Conduct annually. Regular

training programmes/workshops/e-learnings/self-

certifications are conducted across locations to explain and

reiterate the importance of adherence to the Code.

Besides above, the Company also procures a quarterly

confirmation of material financial and commercial

transactions entered into by Senior Management with the

Company that may have a potential conflict of interest.

Risk Management Framework

The Company has established an enterprise-wide risk

management (ERM) framework to optimally identify and

manage risks, as well as to address operational, strategic

and regulatory risks. In line with the Company’s commitment

to deliver sustainable value, this framework aims to provide

an integrated and organised approach to evaluate and

manage risks. Risk assessment monitoring is included in the

Company’s annual Internal Audit programme and reviewed

by the Audit Committee/Risk Management Committee

at regular intervals. In compliance with Regulation 17

and 21 of the Listing Regulations, the Board of Directors

has formulated a Risk Management Policy for framing,

implementing and monitoring the risk management plan

of the Company.

The Board is periodically updated on the key risks, steps and

processes initiated for reducing and, if feasible, eliminating

various risks. Business risk evaluation and management

thereof is an ongoing process within the Company.

Detailed update on risk management framework has been

covered under the risk section, forming a part of the Annual

Integrated Report.

Vigil Mechanism/Whistly Blower Policy

Bharti Airtel has adopted a Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower

Policy which forms a part of Code of Conduct. It outlines

the method and process for stakeholders to voice genuine

concerns about unethical conduct that may be in actual or

threatened breach with the Company’s Code of Conduct.

The policy aims to ensure that genuine complainants are

able to raise their concerns in full confidence, without

any fear of retaliation or victimisation and also allows for

anonymous reporting of complaints.

A designated and independent office of Ombudsperson

administers the entire formal process from reviewing and

investigating concerns raised, undertaking all appropriate

actions for resolution thereof and regular monitoring of

process. All employees of the Company (full-time or part-

time) as well as external stakeholders (e.g. associate,

strategic partners, vendors, suppliers, contractors and

customers etc.) have full access to the Ombudsperson

through secure hotline, email or even meetings in person.

All such instances are investigated while ensuring

confidentiality of the identity of such complainant(s). Matters

relating to financial misdemeanors, fraud or impropriety

are referred to the Corporate Assurance Group, which

undertakes the investigation of the same by itself or at times

in consultation with the Ombudsperson Office. The external

investigation agencies are also involved in exceptional

circumstances, if required. All investigations are endeavored

to be completed in 90 days and final investigation reports

are submitted to the competent disciplinary authority under

the Policy. Further, any complaint may be escalated at the

option of complainant to the Audit Committee on a secured

email address.

Significant findings including whistleblowing incidents

and corrective actions taken thereto, are presented to

the Audit Committee on quarterly basis in order to ensure

effective functioning of Whistle Blower Policy and Code

of Conduct.

In addition, during periodic internal audits, the

implementation and effectiveness of the Code of

Conduct of the Company is also assessed, including

adherence to the ethical standards.

During the financial year 2021-22, a total of 96 whistle

blower complaints were received and taken up for

investigation of which 60 complaints were resolved as on

March 31, 2022. Balance complaints are under investigation

by the Company. No person was denied access to the

Audit Committee.

Code on Prohibition of Insider Trading

In compliance with the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015 (‘PIT Regulations’), the Company has

formulated the Code of Conduct for Prohibition of Insider

Trading (“Code”) to regulate and monitor trading by

Designated Persons (DPs) and their immediate relatives.

The Company has voluntarily adopted a regime, which

is stricter than what is statutorily prescribed, to comply

with PIT Regulations in: letter and its spirit e.g. (i) all the

transactions done by DPs require preclearance irrespective

of value or quantum (ii) restriction on maximum number

of securities sold during quarter to 25% of total holding or

50,000 equity shares, whichever is higher; and (iii) standard

trading window closure to commence and be longer of

either end of quarter or 30 days prior to date of quarterly

Board meeting upto 48 hours of conclusion of quarterly

Board meetings.

The Code, inter alia, lays down the procedures to be

followed by DPs while trading/ dealing in Company shares/

derivatives and while sharing Unpublished Price Sensitive

Information (UPSI). The Code includes the obligations and

responsibilities of DPs, obligation to maintain the structured

digital database, mechanism for prohibition of insider

trading and handling of UPSI, process to familiarise with the

sensitivity of UPSI, transactions which are prohibited and

D. GENERAL BODY MEETINGS

The details of last three Annual General Meetings (AGMs) are as follows:

Financial Year Location

Day, Date & Time

(IST)

Special Resolution passed

2020-21

Not applicable

(held via video-

conferencing)

Tuesday,

August 31, 2021

at 1500 Hrs.

Re-appointment of Mr. Sunil Bharti Mittal as the

Managing Director & CEO

Separate individuals hold the positions of Chairman and

the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Status of Dividend Declared

Status of the dividend declared by the Company for the last seven years is as under:

(Amount in `/Mn)

Financial Year

Amount of Dividend

per equity share of

`5/- each

Total Pay-out

Amount paid to the

shareholders as on

March 31, 2022

Unclaimed dividend

as on March 31,

2022

2019-20

2.00

10,911.11

10,909.87

1.24

2018-19 (Interim)

2.50

9,993.50

9,991.69

1.81

2017-18

2.50

9,993.50

9,991.71

1.79

2017-18 (Interim)

2.84

11,352.62

11,350.74

1.88

2016-17

1.00

3,997.40

3,996.70

0.70

2015-16

1.36

5,436.46

5,435.31

1.15

2014-15

2.22

8,874.23

8,872.97

1.26

Note: No dividend was declared by the Company for financial year 2020-21.

The Company constantly endeavours to reduce the unpaid & unclaimed dividend amount. The shareholders, who have not claimed

their dividend for the above financial years are requested to contact the Company or its Share Transfer Agent.

Equity Shares in the Unclaimed Suspense Account

In terms of Regulation 39 of the Listing Regulations, details of the equity shares lying in the Unclaimed Suspense Account are

as follows:

Particulars

Number of

Shareholders

Number of

Equity Shares

Number of shareholders and aggregate number of fully paid-up shares in the Unclaimed Suspense

Account lying as on April 1, 2021

1

31

Add: Number of shareholders and aggregate number of partly paid-up shares transferred to the

Unclaimed Suspense Account during the year

565

32,917

Less: Number of shareholders who approached the Company for transfer of partly paid-up shares

and partly paid-up shares transferred from Unclaimed Suspense Account during the year

305

27,223

Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding fully paid-up shares in the Unclaimed

Suspense Account lying as on March 31, 2022

1

31

Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding partly paid-up shares in the Unclaimed

Suspense Account lying as on March 31, 2022

260

5,694

Note: The voting rights on the shares in the suspense accounts as on March 31, 2022 shall remain frozen till the rightful owners of such shares claim

the shares.

Subsidiary Companies

The Company monitors performance of subsidiary Companies,

inter-alia, by the following means:

›

Financial Statements, in particular investments made by

unlisted subsidiary companies, are reviewed quarterly by

the Audit Committee.

›

Minutes of the Board Meetings of unlisted subsidiary

companies are regularly placed before the Board.

›

A statement containing significant transactions and

arrangements entered into by unlisted subsidiary

companies is placed before the Board.

›

Reviewing of the utilization of loans and/ or advances from/

investment by the Company in the subsidiary exceeding

`100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary,

whichever is lower including existing loans / advances /

investments existing by Audit Committee.

›

Group Governance Unit oversees the implementation of

strong and effective Group Governance Policy, monitors the

governance standards of Bharti Airtel and its international

subsidiaries and provides need-based guidance to ensure

that highest standards of corporate governance are

adhered to, across the group.

The annual financial statements of the subsidiaries for

FY 2021-22 are available for download on the website of

the Company at weblink https://www.airtel.in/about-bharti/

equity/results. The detailed annual report of Airtel Africa plc

(listed subsidiary) is available on its website.

The Board of Directors have formulated a Policy for

determining material subsidiaries pursuant to the

provisions of the Listing Regulations. The same is posted

on the Company’s website at https://s3-ap-southeast-1.

amazonaws.com/bsy/ipor tal/images/Policy-for-

determining-Material-Subsidiaries-1_3C3DACCD6AC67B

F355A2231C3D434D64.pdf.

Green Initiatives by MCA

In compliance with the provisions of Section 20 of the Companies

Act, 2013 and as a continuing endeavour towards the ‘Go Green’

initiative, the Company proposes to send all correspondence/

communications through email to those shareholders who have

registered their email id with their depository participant’s/

Company’s registrar and share transfer agent.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO and Soumen Ray, CFO (India & South Asia) of Bharti Airtel Limited, to the best of our

knowledge and belief hereby certify that:

(a) We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statements for the year ended March 31, 2022 and that to the best

of our knowledge and belief:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that

might be misleading; and

(ii)

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing

accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

(b) There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which are

fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

(c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated

the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the

auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design and operations of such internal controls, if any, of which we are

aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

(d) We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:

(i)

significant changes in the internal control over financial reporting during the period;

(ii)

significant changes in the accounting policies during the period and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to

the financial statements; and

(iii) instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or

an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Date: May 17, 2022

Place: Gurugram

Soumen Ray

Chief Financial Officer

(India & South Asia)

Gopal Vittal: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 094468

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Puglia, Italy

DIN: 02291778

Place: Gurugram, India

Soumen Ray

Pankaj Tewari

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: May 17, 2022

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: New Delhi, India

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

Income

Revenue from operations

23

706,419

643,259

Other income

14,228

23,879

720,647

667,138

Expenses

Network operating expenses

24

169,693

151,205

Access charges

32,309

85,647

License fee / Spectrum charges

84,623

67,899

Employee benefits expense

25

15,940

16,645

Sales and marketing expenses

26

31,497

20,649

Other expenses

27

21,449

21,373

355,511

363,418

Profit before depreciation, amortisation, finance costs,

exceptional items and tax

365,136

303,720

Depreciation and amortisation expenses

28

245,924

219,975

Finance costs

29

141,458

118,167

Loss before exceptional items and tax

(22,246)

(34,422)

Exceptional items (net)

30

20,096

150,230

Loss before tax

(42,342)

(184,652)

Tax (credit) / expense

Current tax

11

-

(1,312)

Deferred tax

11

(6,092)

68,636

(6,092)

67,324

Loss for the year

(36,250)

(251,976)

Other comprehensive income

Items not to be reclassified to profit or loss:

-

Re-measurement (loss) / gain on defined benefit plans

25

(33)

3

-

Tax credit / (charge)

11

8

(1)

Other comprehensive (loss) / income for the year

(25)

2

Total comprehensive loss for the year

(36,275)

(251,974)

Loss per share (Face value: `5 each)*

Basic and diluted loss per share

31

(6.53)

(45.95)

*Basic and diluted loss per share for the previous year has been retrospectively adjusted for the bonus element in respect of the Rights Issue made

during the year ended March 31, 2022 (refer note 4(iv)).

The accompanying notes 1 to 42 form an integral part of these Standalone Financial Statements.

As per our report of even date

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Bharti Airtel Limited

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Firm’s Registration No: 117366W / W-100018)

Vijay Agarwal

Sunil Bharti Mittal

Gopal Vittal

Partner

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 094468

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Puglia, Italy

DIN: 02291778

Place: Gurugram, India

Soumen Ray

Pankaj Tewari

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: May 17, 2022

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: New Delhi, India

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 094468

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Puglia, Italy

DIN: 02291778

Place: Gurugram, India

Soumen Ray

Pankaj Tewari

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: May 17, 2022

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: New Delhi, India

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated October 14, 2021

has offered a one-time opportunity to opt for deferment of

AGR related instalments determined by the Supreme Court

in the AGR case, by a period of four years with immediate

effect without changing the overall payment period of 10

years as fixed by the Supreme court (i.e. the last of the

yearly instalment payment to be made by March 31, 2031).

The revised amount of instalment of the AGR dues is to

be paid within this time frame only. The Company vide its: letter dated October 22, 2021 has confirmed DoT to avail

the offer.

vii.

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company has

transferred spectrum rights and related future liabilities of

`4,693 to another telecom operator for the Company’s 800

MHz spectrum in Andhra Pradesh (3.75 MHz), Delhi (1.25

MHz) and Mumbai (2.5 MHz) for consideration of `10,048

(refer note 30(i)(a)).

viii.

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Board of

Managing Director and CEO (India and South Asia)

Badal Bagri, Chief Financial Officer (Upto October 8, 2021)

Soumen Ray, Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f December 21, 2021)

Pankaj Tewari, Company Secretary

Non-executive Directors

Chua Sock Koong

Craig Edward Ehrlich (upto August 3, 2021)

Dinesh Kumar Mittal

Kimsuka Narasimhan

Manish Kejriwal

Nisaba Godrej (w.e.f August 4, 2021)

Rakesh Bharti Mittal

Shishir Priyadarshi

Tao Yih Arthur Lang (w.e.f. October 27, 2020)

Tan Yong Choo (Upto October 27, 2020)

V. K. Viswanathan

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 094468

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Puglia, Italy

DIN: 02291778

Place: Gurugram, India

Soumen Ray

Pankaj Tewari

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: May 17, 2022

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: New Delhi, India

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

(All amounts are in millions of Indian Rupee; except per share data)

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021#

Income

Revenue from operations

24

1,165,469

1,006,158

Other income

5,343

6,428

1,170,812

1,012,586

Expenses

Network operating expenses

25

250,205

219,819

Access charges

67,611

103,521

License fee / Spectrum charges

110,636

91,084

Employee benefits expense

26

44,333

41,146

Sales and marketing expenses

27

53,035

38,009

Other expenses

29

64,310

58,862

590,130

552,441

Profit before depreciation, amortisation, finance costs, share of profit / loss of

associates and joint ventures, exceptional items and tax

580,682

460,145

Depreciation and amortisation expenses

28

330,907

294,044

Finance costs

30

166,162

150,910

Share of (profit) / loss of associates and joint ventures (net)

7

(24,232)

928

Profit before exceptional items and tax

107,845

14,263

Exceptional items (net)

31

(16,986)

159,145

Profit / (loss) before tax from continuing operations

124,831

(144,882)

Tax expense

Current tax

12

30,331

20,584

Deferred tax

12

11,448

68,741

41,779

89,325

Profit / (loss) for the year from continuing operations

83,052

(234,207)

Profit from discontinued operation before tax

-

113,698

Tax expense of discontinued operation

-

3,131

Profit for the year from discontinued operation#

-

110,567

Profit / (loss) for the year

83,052

(123,640)

Other comprehensive income ('OCI')

Items to be reclassified to profit or loss:

-

Net gain / (loss) due to foreign currency translation differences

7,687

(16,499)

-

Net (loss) / gain on net investment hedge

(6,401)

367

-

Net loss on fair value through OCI investments

-

(124)

-

Tax credit / (charge) on above

12

1,269

(96)

2,555

(16,352)

Items not to be reclassified to profit or loss:

-

Re-measurement loss on defined benefit plans

26.2

(44)

(77)

-

Tax credit on above

12

10

42

-

Share of other comprehensive income / (loss) of associates and joint ventures (net)

7

35

(107)

1

(142)

Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year

2,556

(16,494)

Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year

85,608

(140,134)

Profit / (loss) for the year attributable to:

83,052

(123,640)

Owners of the Parent

42,549

(150,835)

Non-controlling interests

40,503

27,195

Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year attributable to:

2,556

(16,494)

Owners of the Parent

(4,526)

(5,647)

Non-controlling interests

7,082

(10,847)

Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year attributable to:

85,608

(140,134)

Owners of the Parent

38,023

(156,482)

Non-controlling interests

47,585

16,348

Earnings / (loss) per share from continuing operations (Face value: `5 each)*

Basic

32

7.67

(46.28)

Diluted

32

7.63

(46.28)

Earnings per share from discontinued operation (Face value: `5 each)*

Basic

32

-

18.76

Diluted

32

-

18.76

Earnings / (loss) per share from continuing and discontinued operations (Face

value: `5 each)*

Basic

7.67

(27.52)

Diluted

7.63

(27.52)

#refer note 4(q)

*Basic and diluted earnings / (loss) per share for the previous year have been retrospectively adjusted for the bonus element in respect of the Rights

Issue made during the year ended March 31, 2022 (refer note 4(d)).

The accompanying notes 1 to 43 form an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

As per our report of even date

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Bharti Airtel Limited

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Firm’s Registration No: 117366W / W-100018)

Vijay Agarwal

Sunil Bharti Mittal

Gopal Vittal

Partner

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 094468

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Puglia, Italy

DIN: 02291778

Place: Gurugram, India

Soumen Ray

Pankaj Tewari

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: May 17, 2022

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: New Delhi, India

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

(All amounts are in millions of Indian Rupee; unless stated otherwise)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 094468

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Puglia, Italy

DIN: 02291778

Place: Gurugram, India

Soumen Ray

Pankaj Tewari

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: May 17, 2022

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: New Delhi, India

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated October 14, 2021

has offered a one time opportunity to opt for deferment of

AGR related dues determined by the Supreme Court in the

AGR case, by a period of four years with immediate effect

without changing the overall payment period of 10 years

as fixed by the Supreme court (i.e. the last of the yearly

instalment payment to be made by March 31, 2031). The

revised amount of instalment of the AGR dues is to be paid

within this time frame only. The Group vide its: letter dated

October 22, 2021 has confirmed DoT to avail the offer.

i)

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company has

transferred spectrum rights and related future liabilities of

`4,693 to another telecom operator for the Company’s 800

MHz spectrum in Andhra Pradesh (3.75 MHz), Delhi (1.25

MHz) and Mumbai (2.5 MHz) for consideration of `10,048

(Refer note 31(i)(b)).

j)

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Board of

Managing Director and CEO (India and South Asia)

Badal Bagri, Chief Financial Officer (Upto October 8, 2021)

Soumen Ray, Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f. December 21, 2021)

Pankaj Tewari, Company Secretary

Segun Ogunsanya (w.e.f. October 1, 2021)

Raghunath Venkateswarlu Mandava (Upto September 30, 2021)

Non-executive Directors

Chua Sock Koong

Craig Edward Ehrlich (upto August 3, 2021)

Dinesh Kumar Mittal

Kimsuka Narasimhan

Manish Kejriwal

Nisaba Godrej (w.e.f. August 4, 2021)

Rakesh Bharti Mittal

Shishir Priyadarshi

Tao Yih Arthur Lang (w.e.f. October 27, 2020)

Tan Yong Choo (Upto October 27, 2020)

V. K. Viswanathan

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan

Mr. Manish Kejriwal

Ms. Nisaba Godrej

Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal

Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee

Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi

Mr. Tao Yih Arthur Lang

Mr. V. K. Viswanathan

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Soumen Ray

Company Secretary

Mr. Pankaj Tewari

Statutory Auditors

Deloitte Haskins & Sells, LLP

Chartered Accountants

Chief Internal Auditor

Mr. Anil Jeet Singh Riat

Internal Assurance Partners

Ernst & Young LLP

ANB & Co., Chartered Accountants

Cost Auditors

Sanjay Gupta & Associates

Cost Accountants

Secretarial Auditors

Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

Registered Office

Airtel Center, Plot No. 16,

Udyog Vihar, Phase-IV,

Gurugram - 122 015,

India

Corporate Office

Bharti Crescent,

1, Nelson Mandela Road,

Vasant Kunj, Phase - II,

New Delhi - 110 070,

India

Website

http://www.airtel.com

Corporate Information

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

