Managing Director of the Company for the Financial Year

2021-22 and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution

as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 196, 197

and 198 read with Schedule V and other applicable provisions, if

any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) (including any amendment,

modification or re-enactment thereof), the rules, regulations, directions,

and notifications issued/ framed thereunder and all other applicable

laws, if any, and the Articles of Association of the Company and basis

the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

and that of the Board of Directors of the Company, consent of the

members be and is hereby accorded for payment of fixed managerial

remuneration made to Mr. Ajay Bijli, Chairman and: Managing Director

of the Company, amounting to `6,41,51,532/- (Rupees Six Crore

Forty One Lakh Fifty One Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty Two

Only) for the Financial Year 2021-22, on such terms and conditions as

approved by the shareholders vide resolutions dated July 3, 2018 and

September 29, 2020.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company

and/or any committee thereof be and is hereby authorized to do all

such acts, deeds and things as may be required to give effect to the

above resolution.”

Item No. 10 – To consider and approve managerial

remuneration paid to Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint Managing

Director of the Company for the Financial Year 2021-22

and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as a

Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 196, 197

and 198 read with Schedule V and other applicable provisions, if

any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) (including any amendment,

modification or re-enactment thereof), the rules, regulations, directions,

and notifications issued/ framed thereunder and all other applicable

laws, if any, and the Articles of Association of the Company and basis

the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

and that of the Board of Directors of the Company, consent of the

members be and is hereby accorded for payment of fixed managerial

remuneration made to Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint Managing Director

of the Company, amounting to `4,43,22,264/- (Rupees Four Crore

Forty Three Lakh Twenty Two Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty Four

Only) for the Financial Year 2021-22, on such terms and conditions as

approved by the shareholders vide resolutions dated July 3, 2018 and

September 29, 2020.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company

and/or any committee thereof be and is hereby authorized to do

all acts, deeds and things as may be required to give effect to the

above resolution.”

Item No. 11- To consider and approve special incentive

to Mr. Ajay Bijli,

Managing Director of the

Company for the Financial Year 2021-22, and if thought fit,

to pass, the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 196, 197,

198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act,

2013 (“Act”) (including any amendment, modification or re-enactment

thereof), the rules, regulations, directions, and notifications issued/

framed thereunder and Schedule V thereto, read with Regulation

17(6)(e) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (including any amendment, modification or

re-enactment thereof), all other applicable laws, if any, the Articles

of Association of the Company, and all applicable guidelines and

circulars issued by the Central Government from time to time and basis

the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

and that of the Board of Directors of the Company the consent of the

members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for the payment

of special incentive of `4,00,00,000/- (Rupees Four Crore Only) to

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint-: Managing

Letter

etc., authorizing its representative to attend the AGM through

VC / OAVM on its behalf and to cast its vote through remote

e-voting. Together with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly

authorised representative(s), to the Scrutinizer at email id aruncs.

gupta@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com.

The scanned image of the above-mentioned documents should be

in the naming format “PVR LIMITED Event No.6651”

(B)

Members whose email IDs are not registered with the Company/

Depository Participants(s), and consequently the Annual Report,

Notice of AGM and e-voting instructions cannot be serviced will

have to follow the following process:

i.

Members who have not registered their email address and in

consequence the Annual Report, Notice of AGM and e-voting

instructions cannot be serviced, may temporarily get their

email address and mobile number registered with KFintech,

by accessing the link: https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/

mobilereg/mobileemailreg.aspx. Members are requested

to follow the process as guided to capture the email address

and mobile number for sending the soft copy of the notice and

7

NOTICE:

letter providing the email address, mobile

number, self-attested PAN copy and Client Master copy in case

of electronic folio and copy of share certificate in case of physical

folio for sending the Annual report, Notice of AGM and the

e-voting instructions.

iii.

After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow all steps

above to cast your vote by electronic means.

Details on Step 3 are mentioned below:

II)

Instructions for all the shareholders, including Individual,

other than Individual and Physical, for attending the AGM

of the Company through VC/OAVM and e-Voting during

the meeting.

i.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM

through VC / OAVM platform provided by KFintech. Members

may access the same at https://emeetings.kfintech.com/ by

using the e-voting login credentials provided in the email received

from the Company/KFintech. After logging in, click on the Video

Conference tab and select the EVEN of the Company. Click on

the video symbol and accept the meeting etiquettes to join the

meeting. Please note that the members who do not have the User

ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and

Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting

instructions mentioned above.

ii.

Facility for joining AGM though VC/ OAVM shall open at least

fifteen minutes before the commencement of the Meeting.

iii.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops/

Desktops with Google Chrome (preferred browser), Safari,

Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox 22.

iv.

Members will be required to grant access to the webcam to

enable VC / OAVM. Further, Members connecting from Mobile

Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile

Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation

in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use

Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid

glitches.

v.

As the AGM is being conducted through VC / OAVM, for

the smooth conduct of proceedings of the AGM, Members

are encouraged to express their views / send their queries

in advance mentioning their name, demat account number

/ folio number, email id, mobile number at mailto:cosec@

pvrcinemas.com. Questions /queries received by the Company

till 05:00 p.m. on July 19, 2022 shall only be considered and

responded during the AGM.

vi.

The Members who have not cast their vote through remote

e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote through e-voting

system available during the AGM. E-voting during the AGM is

integrated with the VC / OAVM platform. The Members may click

on the voting icon displayed on the screen to cast their votes.

vii.

A Member can opt for only single mode of voting i.e., through

Remote e-voting or voting at the AGM. If a Member casts votes

by both modes, then voting done through Remote e-voting shall

prevail and vote at the AGM shall be treated as invalid.

viii. Facility of joining the AGM through VC / OAVM shall be

available for at least 2000 members on first come first served

basis.

ix.

Institutional Members are encouraged to attend and vote at the

AGM through VC / OAVM.

21.

GENRAL INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS

I.

Speaker Registration: The Members who wish to speak

during the meeting may register themselves as speakers for the

AGM to express their views. They can visit https://emeetings.

kfintech.com and login through the user id and password

provided in the mail received from KFintech. On successful login,

select ‘Speaker Registration’ which will open from 09:00 a.m. on

July 17, 2022 till 05:00 p.m. on July 19, 2022. Members shall be

provided a ‘queue number’ before the meeting. The Company

reserves the right to restrict the speakers at the AGM to only those

Members who have registered themselves, depending on the

availability of time for the AGM.

II.

Post your Question: The Members who wish to post their

questions prior to the meeting can do the same by visiting

https://emeetings.kfintech.com. Please login through the user id

and password provided in the mail received from KFintech. On

successful login, select ‘Post Your Question’ option which will

open from 09:00 a.m. on July 17, 2022 and will available till

05:00 p.m. on July 19, 2022

III.

In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect of voting by

electronic means, Members may refer to the Help & Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) and E-voting user manual available at

the download section of https://evoting.kfintech.com (KFintech

Website) or contact at evoting@kfintech.com or call KFintech’s toll

free No. 1-800-309-4001 for any further clarifications.

IV.

The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members

/ list of Beneficial Owners as on July 15, 2022, being the cut-off

date, are entitled to vote on the Resolutions set forth in this Notice.

A person who is not a Member as on the cut-off date should

treat this Notice for information purposes only. Once the vote on

a resolution(s) is cast by the Member, the Member shall not be

allowed to change it subsequently.

V.

In case a person has become a Member of the Company after

dispatch of AGM Notice but on or before the cut-off date i.e.

July 15, 2022, he/she may obtain the User ID and Password in

the manner as mentioned below:

i.

If the mobile number of the member is registered against Folio

No./ DP ID Client ID, the member may send SMS: MYEPWD

<space> E-Voting Event Number+Folio No. or DP ID Client ID to

9212993399

1.

Example for NSDL:

2.

MYEPWD <SPACE> IN12345612345678

3.

Example for CDSL:

4.

MYEPWD <SPACE> 1402345612345678

5.

Example for Physical:

6.

MYEPWD <SPACE> XXXX1234567890

8

PVR LIMITED:

Managing Director of the Company,

comprising annual fixed salary of `5,49,99,600 plus variable

remuneration by way of commission @ 3.90% of net profits of the

Company payable annually (with an increment @ 8% per annum of

the fixed remuneration) from financial year 2018-19 up to expiry of

his term in financial year 2022-23; and (ii) Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing

Managing Director and a sum of `4,00,00,000/- (Rupees Four Crore

Only) to Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO of ICICI Venture for close to a

decade, she has contributed in many ways to

the evolution of that firm to one of the largest

private equity funds in India. Ms. Renuka has

deep experience of raising, investing and

returning third party capital across several

economic cycles.

Has 26 years of experience in film exhibition

industry. He has pioneered the multiplex

concept in India. He is a member of Young

Presidents Organisations and is widely

recognized as a credible voice for the Indian

Film Exhibition Industry.

Has over 22 years of experience in the film

exhibition industry. Has been instrumental

in setting up PVR’s relation with various

Hollywood Studies including Miramax,

Newline, IEG and Zee MGM.

Terms and conditions of

appointment

Liable to retire by rotation

Five years with effect from April 1, 2018 as

Chairman cum: Managing

Managing Director at UBS and

previously JP Morgan.”

• “Nominated as the

‘Entrepreneur of the Year’

by The Economic Times for

two years (2004 & 2005) in

succession,

• Recognized as ‘The Most

Admired Food Professional of

the Year’ at The Golden Spoon

Awards 2008: The Images

Award for Excellence in food

retailing,

• Admitted as the only

Restaurateur in the 'Hall

of fame' by the Federation

of Hotels & Restaurants of

India (FHRAI) at their 45th

convention in Agra in 2010

• Contributed immensely to

the growth of F & B Retail

and has been Chairman of

International Hospitality Fair,

Confederation of Indian Industry

(CII) – 2010, Sub-Committee

on Tourism (Northern Region),

CII(The Confederation of

Indian Industry) 2004 – 2006,

CII National Committee on

Retailing 2002-2004, CII Delhi

State Council 2003-2004,.

Remuneration

proposed for approval

Re: Resolution

No. 4 to 10

`6,41,51,532/- (Rupees Six

Crore Forty One Lakhs Fifty One

Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty

Two Only)

`4,43,22,264/- (Rupees Four

Crore Forty Three Lakhs Twenty

Two Thousand Two Hundred and

Sixty Four Only)

`24,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty

Four Lakhs Only)

`20,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty

Lakhs Only)

Remuneration proposed

as Special Incentive for

approval

Re: Resolution

No. 11 & 12

`6,00,00,000/- (Rupees Six

Crore Only)

`4,00,00,000/- (Rupees Four

Crore Only)

-

-

Comparative

remuneration profile

with respect to industry,

size of the company,

profile of the position

and person

The remuneration has been considered by the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company

and is in line with the remuneration being drawn by similar positions in the similar industry.

Pecuniary relationship

directly or indirectly

with the company, or

relationship with the

managerial personnel

or other director, if any.

Please refer to the related party transaction as provided in the Financial Statements which forms part of Annual Report for the

Financial Year 2021-22.

16

PVR LIMITED:

Dear Shareholders,

As PVR completes 25 years, our heart is filled with gratitude for

all the stakeholders without whose continued support this journey

would not have been possible. From opening India’s 1st multiplex

in Delhi to being India’s largest theatrical exhibition company, we

have made considerable strides in transforming the landscape of

the moviegoing experience.

With FY’22 behind us, we are hopeful that the 3rd wave of

COVID-19 witnessed by India in January 2022 was the last that

we see of the pandemic. There is no doubt that the past two years

was the most trying period for our business. But, we were confident

that the theatrical exhibition industry having withstood innumerable

challenges in the past would bounce back dynamically in FY23.

In the last few months, the re-opening of theatres without any

restrictions have been extremely promising, as audiences are

clamouring to come back to theatres. Audiences are clamouring to

come back to theatres. The pace of recovery of admissions once

new content was released, post the 2nd wave and especially the

3rd wave has exceeded our expectations. Big budget Hollywood

tentpole like Spiderman-No way Home which was released

in the month of December 2021has grossed $1.89 billion till

date. Domestic releases like RRR in March 2022 and KGF 2 in

April 2022 have grossed `1,100+ crores and `1,200+ crores

respectively in the Global box office collections. And with the

excellent content line up that we have for the rest of this year, we

hope that this momentum would continue.

During the year, as our operations continued in ‘fits and starts’

post the 2nd wave and the 3rd wave of COVID-19, the focus of the

Company was cost optimisation and preserving liquidity as we

tide through the turbulent times. The Company brought down its

cash burn significantly by reducing its fixed costs and also seeking

significant discounts from its landlord partners, as our operations

were impacted. The new screen roll outs during the year were

restricted to only 29 screens as we pushed the handover of new

screens for fitouts to the next fiscal year.

We shifted gears as we came out of the 3rd wave of COVID-19

and have ramped up operations in a significant way as we saw

audiences come back to theatres. We have also recommenced our

Capex programme and intend to open approximately 120-125

screens in FY23.

Our teams continued to take significant initiatives around the

business as we recommenced operations during the year. Apart

from screening new movies during the year, we continued

to experiment with alternate forms of content in our cinemas.

This included broadcasting India’s first In-Cinema Esports live

tournament in partnership with Nodwin, live screening of the ICC

Men’s T20 World Cup 2021 across 75+ cinemas in 25+ cities,

and exclusive partnership for live screening of a concert by the

sensational K-Pop band - Bangtan Sonyeondan (BTS) from Seoul at

select 46 cinemas in 25 cities across India.

We continued to build on our F&B products portfolio with several

new introductions including our range of premium quality Gourmet

Gelatos under the brand name ‘PVR V-Frozen’, Bento Box Meals

in Indian and Asian cuisines across our cinemas, ‘Ready to

Cook’ popcorn ‘Popmagic’, and premium coffee ‘V-Roast’. These

initiatives are a part of the ‘Ready to Eat’ food segment that PVR is

aggressively targeting for growth.

We continue to invest in our loyalty programme ‘PVR Privilege’

which has 14.6 million loyal patrons and introduce new initiatives

to inculcate loyalty amongst patrons. We are currently piloting a

programme which allows subscribers to watch movies on weekdays

by paying a monthly subscription fees. We also launched a Kotak

– PVR co-branded debit card last year. The card provides a host of

benefits to users right from the cash back on issuance of the card,

higher reward points for transactions at PVR, along with the ability

to redeem points for tickets & F&B at PVR.

We took a landmark step in our journey on 27th March, 2022

when the Board of Directors of PVR and INOX Leisure approved

an all stock amalgamation of INOX with PVR. The amalgamation is

subject to the approval of the shareholders of both the companies

and other such regulatory approvals, as may be required. We

are currently in the process of seeking these approvals and

hope to complete this merger in the current fiscal year. We are

personally thrilled about the merger as it will bring together two

of India’s best cinema brands to deliver an unparalleled consumer

experience with a network of approximately 1,550 screens, as

on date. The combination would augur well for the growth of the

Indian cinema exhibition industry, besides ensuring tremendous

value creation for all stakeholders, including customers, real estate

developers, content producers, technology service providers, the

state exchequer and above all, the employees. With consumers

at the core of the decision, the merger would focus on leveraging

the strengths of both the organisations to provide an exceptional

customer service and cinema experience to Indian moviegoers.

While strongly countering the adversities posed by the advent

of various OTT platforms and the after-effects of the pandemic,

the combined entity would also work towards taking world-class

cinema experience closer to the consumers in Tier 2 and 3 markets.

As part of the merger agreement, both me and Sanjeev will be

appointed as the: Managing Director and Executive Director

respectively for a term of five years and we will continue to drive

the day-to-day affairs of the combined entity.

We continue to experiment and reinvent the wheel at PVR, so that

the brand remains at the ‘top of the mind’ for our consumers when

it comes to watching movies in India. As we celebrate 25 years

of PVR’s inception, we continue to remain confident about our

business’s prospects and the milestones PVR will achieve over the

next 25 years.

Dear Shareholders,

We ended the year on a positive note with signs of a strong revival of

our business. As operations resumed to normalcy with removal of state-

imposed restrictions, a steady flow of content and consumers renewing

their big screen moviegoing experience we saw a strong bounce back

in admissions across our cinemas.

We are deeply gratified by the adaptability and resilience our

employees have displayed during these trying times. We focused

on how to best protect and support our families, employees and

communities in the face of this unfolding crisis. We introduced the

comprehensive employee support care package with free vaccination

for all employees and their dependents, medical assistance and

supplies, food delivery, 24*7 Call Centre, hospitalisation and

ambulance services. We stretched our resources to become the

evangelists for the film fraternity providing free vaccination to the

marginalised daily wage workers of Federation of Western India Cine

Employees (FWICE).

We invested in a robust ‘Manager Excellence Learning Program’ to

prepare our valuable employees as promising, resilient and credible

leaders who can easily embrace change.

To ensure the wellbeing of our guests, we deployed a revolutionary

negative ion technology that neutralises 99.9% airborne viruses at key

locations inside cinemas.

The year continued to be impacted on account of COVID-19 and the

2nd wave started in April’21 and lasted till July’21, during which period

most of the cinemas were shut. We resumed operations this year with

a staggered re-opening on 30th July in states and UTs where we were

allowed to open with restrictions. Bollywood content started to release

from the 1st week of Nov’21, only once the key state of Maharashtra

allowed cinemas to operate from 22nd Oct’21.

The festive period starting October with content flow from Bollywood

post Maharashtra re-opening, resulted in business witnessing robust

demand in November and December. Good performances from a mix

of Bollywood, Hollywood and Regional movies signalled the revival

of business. Q3 was the best quarter in the last 7 quarters and there

was month on month improvement in operating performance driven

by strong growth in Admits, Ticket Price and SPH. December witnessed

strong business recovery with the month’s revenue performance

reaching almost equal to pre-pandemic levels. However, the 3rd wave

of COVID-19 delayed the business recovery with certain states re-

imposing restrictions on operations resulting in blockbuster content such

as Jersey, RRR, Prithviraj deferring their releases.

Regional movies are breaking the geographical and language barrier

being dubbed in multiple regional languages and connecting to

audiences pan-India. To leverage this growing trend, we collaborated

with SS Rajamouli for the first time in the history of world cinema, by

reimaging our brand identity and logo for RRR. As an extension to the

unique association, we launched ‘PVRRR’ NFT as part of a contest,

becoming the first theatrical exhibitor in India to promote an iconic

movie through Movie NFTs.

The exceptional performance of regional movies dubbed in Hindi in

the latter half of 2021 and in 2022 took the entire industry by surprise.

Hindi versions of Pushpa, RRR, KGF 2 were blockbuster hits and set

new benchmarks in Box office collections. This is a great sign for the

multiplex and the exhibition industry as a whole, and reflects the

growing acceptability of multilingual content amongst audiences. This

is a welcome change that has emanated from the huge proliferation of

OTT platforms and the subsequent consumption of foreign and regional

content on these platforms over the past 2 years.

As a company that believes in taking the lead, we continued our

journey in forging new paths. We experimented with playing alternate

content across our screens. We bagged the rights to screen 8 key

matches of ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2021 across 75+ cinemas in

25+ cities. We partnered with NODWIN Gaming, South Asia’s leading

Esports company to bring Esports to the Big Screen for the first time

in India. We did an exclusive partnership for the First Live Worldwide

Cinema Broadcast of a Concert from South Korea of the K-Pop

sensational band ‘BTS (Bangtan Sonyeondan) Permission To Dance on

Stage - Seoul across 46 cinemas in 25 cities. We also partnered

with Kotak Mahindra Bank, to launch the Kotak PVR Movie Debit

Card - India’s first co-branded movie debit card introducing the

first-in-market, entertainment focused Debit Card.

We opened 29 screens and 5 properties during the year including

the first Director’s Cut in Haryana and India’s first Rooftop Drive-in

Theatre ‘Jio Drive-In’ in association with Reliance at Mumbai. We

unveiled Maison PVR, the House of PVR, a 6 screen uber luxury

multiplex cinema in Mumbai. Expansion continued with a 5-screen

multiplex in Hyderabad, a 6-screen property in Jalandhar, a

3-screen multiplex at Jamnagar and a 4-screen property at

Narsipatnam. We renovated PVR’s flagship property, Priya by

opening the first P[XL] format in New Delhi and India’s first state-of-

the art premium Giant Screen Format powered by Cinionic Giant

Screen. We reopened PVR Anupam in a new avatar with a fresh

new look with redesigned interiors.

Business in January and February was impacted due to lack of

new content and capacity restrictions, however due to the low

severity of the omicron variant, state governments abstained from

completely shutting down cinemas and producers were quick

to announce their fresh release dates. To revive moviegoing

sentiments, we launched a comprehensive marketing plan to invite

customers back to the cinemas. We incentivised repeat visitation

under the ambit of our Loyalty programme - PVR Privilege. We

extended validity of points and vouchers for all our members,

giving periodic accelerated rewards and upgrade benefits through

hyper-personalised promotions. As a result, additional guests

joined our programme and activated inactive members. Our

cumulative base of PVR Privilege members stands at 14.6 million.

The year ended with the highest ever net box office, net concession

and highest admissions post-pandemic in March 2022. It was

a fulfilling year as we recorded the highest ever ATP and SPH

indicating a broad-based demand recovery due to new content.

The average ticket price of `242 and average F&B spend per

head of `122 achieved by the Company during Q4 FY’22 was

significantly higher than the pre-pandemic levels. We have a robust

content pipeline in the coming year as we continue our growth

momentum with plans to add 120-125 screens in the coming year.

The resilience shown by the Company over the past 2 years and

the rapid pace of recovery in admissions, once new content was

made available, has further reinforced our belief in the strength of

the PVR brand. We are very bullish on the prospects of the business

and firmly believe that the best is yet to come.

GAUTAM DUTTA

Chief Executive Officer

In order to ensure the well-being of our

guests, we deployed a revolutionary

negative ion technology that neutralizes

99.9% airborne viruses at key locations

inside cinemas.

44

45

PVR LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

>>> CEO’s STATEMENT

WORLD OF PVR:

Dear Shareholders,

At the onset, I would like to thank all of you along with

our other stakeholders for the unwavering support you

have provided to the Company over the past

24 months. Due to your belief in the Company and

the management, I can confidently state that we have

emerged stronger from the pandemic.

Globally, it seems that the impact of the pandemic is

receding. Supported by the excess liquidity pumped in

by the Central banks globally, various economies are

back on track. Travel, tourism, leisure and hospitality

were some of the most impacted sectors for the past

couple of years are now bouncing back very strongly

on the back of ‘Revenge consumption’ being witnessed

in these sectors. This is an evidence of a pent up demand

for products and services offered by these sectors

and which the consumers missed enjoying during the

past 2 years. We are witnessing the same trend across

our business as well. The rapid pace with which the

business has recovered in the months of November

and December 2021 (post wave 2) and in the month of

March 2022 (post wave 3) is evidence of the fact that

people are willing to come out and consume content

on the big screen, once new content is released. Unlike

the common perception that the pandemic might lead a

change in consumer behaviour and in the way people

consume content, what we are seeing is an elevated

appetite to consume the latest content on the big screen.

Let me now take you through the major financial

highlights of FY’22.

Revenues

The year continued to be impacted on account of COVID-19. The

2nd and 3rd wave of COVID-19 made it difficult for the film industry

to recover completely from the lows of FY’21. The 2nd wave started

in April’21 and lasted till July’21 during which most of the cinemas

were shut. Bollywood content started to release from the 1st week of

Nov’21, only once the key state of Maharashtra allowed cinemas

to operate from 22nd Oct’21. After 6 consecutive quarters of

operational losses, Q3 FY’22 was the 1st quarter when the Company

delivered operational profit on the back of stellar content.

As the Company and the industry as a whole was gearing up for a

stellar Q4, the 3rd wave fuelled by the highly transmissible Omicron

variant crept upon us in the last week of December 2021. This

3rd wave was luckily the shortest in duration as compared to the

earlier 2 waves. Although, all the states and UTs implemented

capacity restrictions and night curfews this time around, except for

Delhi and Haryana, no other state mandated complete cinema

shut down. By the end of Jan’22 the states started to withdraw

restrictions and by the end of Feb’22 almost all restrictions had

been done away with. There was no new content releases during

the month of January and for a large part of February. Consistent

flow of new content from the end of February onwards saw a quick

bounce back in theatrical admissions in Mar’22 with several films

crossing significant box office milestones. This helped the Company

achieve 20%+ adjusted EBITDA margins for the month of Mar’22,

signalling a strong recovery in the coming months.

The Company had a total

Revenue of D1,40,874 lakhs

during the financial year

Our Company operates a 100% subsidiary “PVR Lanka Limited”

which is incorporated in Sri Lanka and operates 1 property (9

screens) in the country. Sri Lankan economy is facing severe

economic and political crisis due to which the country has eroded

its foreign currency reserves. Due to devaluation of the currency,

the Company has booked a foreign exchange reinstatement loss of

`872 lakhs during the year and month ended March 31, 2022.

Expenses

The Company operates a high fixed cost business. It followed a

similar playbook in FY’22 as it did in FY’21 to reduce its fixed costs

considerably as compared to the pre-pandemic period.

Rent (` lakhs)

CAM (` lakhs)

Utilities (` lakhs)

FY21-22

FY21-22

FY21-22

33,900

13,254

FY20-21

FY20-21

FY20-21

11,987

9,052

5,661

10,407

FY19-20

FY19-20

FY19-20

57,742

15,478

20,560

All financial numbers are consolidated numbers and are excluding the impact of

Ind AS 116 - Leases.

Consistent flow of new content from end

February onwards saw a quick bounce

back in theatrical admissions in Mar’22

with several films crossing significant

box office milestones.

46

47

PVR LIMITED

>>> CFO’s STATEMENT

WORLD OF PVR

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22:

Managing Director

ANISH KUMAR SARAF

Non-executive Director

» Ranked as ‘Global Leader’ in WWL Global

Guides Arbitration 2022

» Recognised as an Eminent Practitioners

in Competition/Antitrust & Band 2 in

White-Collar Crime & Dispute Resolution:

Arbitration by Chambers & Partners, 2022

» Received the Lifetime Achievement Award at

the Chambers India Awards, 2019

PALLAVI SHARDUL SHROFF

Independent Director

C

C

C

C

M

GREGORY ADAM FOSTER

Independent Director

» Holds a Bachelor’s degree in Textiles from the

University of Mumbai's V.J. Technical Institute

and a Master’s degree in Management

Studies from the University of Mumbai

» Completed the 156th session of Harvard

University's Graduate School of Business

Administration's 'Advanced Management

Programme the International Senior

Managers Programme

» Has over 30 years of experience in private

equity, investment banking, structured finance,

and has built various businesses within the

ICICI Group, including Investment Banking,

e-commerce, and private equity. She is

currently the: Managing Director of Multiples

Alternate Asset Management Pvt Ltd

» She is a member of the EMPEA Board

of Directors and the Vice-chairperson of

the Indian Venture Capital Association’s

Executive Committee

RENUKA RAMNATH

Non-executive Director

M

» She is an experienced marketing professional

with stints in Indian and International markets

having launched new products and hotels in the

US, UK, Middle East and Africa. A large part of

her career was invested in demand and revenue

generation with a clear mandate to focus on

existing and emerging markets, develop new to

market strategies and deliver business ideas and

turnarounds for underperforming assets

» She has served on all travel and tourism

entities such as CII & FICCI tourism entities,

FAITH, TAAI, HAI during her tenure with the

Taj. She was on the Marketing Advisory Board

of The Leading Hotels of the World – the

450 member luxury hotel consortium. She

has featured in Impact’s list of Most Influential

Women in Marketing across three years

and the Business Today list of Most Powerful

Business Women for two years

DEEPA MISRA HARRIS

Independent Director

M

M

M

» Holds a Bachelor’s degree in Science

from the University of Delhi and PGDM

from IIM Ahmedabad

» Highly regarded professional with extensive

experience in banking, private equity,

venture capital and business & financial

strategy and restructuring

» Posseses pan-Asian experience of >30 years

and a range of noteworthy transactions

across the region and industries to his credit.

» He was the Managing Director at UBS and

JP Morgan before that

SANJAI VOHRA

Independent Director

C

C

M

M

M

SANJEEV KUMAR

Joint Managing Director

M

M

M

M

M

» Director on the Board of Ascot Estates (Manesar) Private Ltd., Brite India Private Ltd., and other

companies have him on their boards

» Successfully established McDonald’s in North India

» Recognised as ‘The Most Admired Food Professional of the Year’ at The Golden

Spoon Awards 2008

» Admitted as the only Restaurateur in the ‘Hall of fame’ by the Federation of Hotels & Restaurants

of India (FHRAI)

» Experience of over 31 years

VIKRAM BAKSHI

Independent Director

C

M

M

M

COMMITTEE DETAILS

Audit Committee

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

CSR Committee

Finance Committee

Fund Raise Committee

Risk Management Committee

C

Managing Director

SANJEEV KUMAR

Promoter and Co-Founder,

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Nitin Sood

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Mukesh Kumar

Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

During the Financial Year 2021-22, Mr. Pankaj Dhawan, retired

from the services of the Company effective from the close of

business hours on April 15, 2021 and Mr. Mukesh Kumar was

appointed as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

effective June 02, 2021 and was also designated as one of the

Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

12. Meetings of the Board of Directors

During the Financial Year 2021-22, the Board of Directors had

met 5 times. The details of Board Meetings and Committee

Meetings are given in the Corporate Governance Report.

13. Audit Committee

As on March 31, 2022, the Audit Committee comprised of the

following independent directors:

• Mr. Sanjai Vohra, Chairman;

• Ms. Deepa Misra Harris, Member; and

• Mr. Vikram Bakshi, Member.

It is further confirmed that the recommendations of Audit

Committee, as made from time to time, were duly accepted by the

Board of Directors.

14. Policy on Directors Appointment and

Remuneration Policy

Pursuant to the requirements under Section 134(3)(e) and

Section 178(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, the policy on

appointment of Board Members including criteria for determining

qualifications, positive attributes, independence of a director and

remuneration of directors, KMP and other employees is annexed

as Annexure ‘1’, which forms part of this Report.

There has been no change in the Policy during the financial year

under review

15. Performance Evaluation of the Board, its

Committees and Directors

Pursuant to applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

and Listing Regulations, the Board, in consultation with its

Nomination & Remuneration Committee, has formulated a

framework containing, inter alia, the criteria for performance

evaluation of the entire Board, its Committees and Individual

Directors, including Independent Directors.

In order to evaluate the performance of the Board various

factors vis. board diversity, knowledge and expertise, corporate

governance practices etc. are assessed. Similarly, for evaluation

of Directors’ performance, their profile, contribution in Board and

Committee Meetings, execution and performance of specific

duties, obligations, regulatory compliances and governance are

evaluated.

During the Financial Year under review, the Independent

Directors had met separately without the presence of any

Non- Independent Director and the members of management

and discussed, inter alia, the performance of Non-Independent

Directors and Board as a whole and reviewed the performance of

the Chairman of the Company.

The performance evaluation of all the Independent Directors have

been done by the entire Board, excluding the Director being

evaluated.

The Directors expressed their satisfaction with the evaluation

process.

16. Remuneration of Directors and

Employees

Disclosures pertaining to remuneration and other details as

required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(1) of

the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014 is annexed as Annexure ‘2’ which

forms part of this Report.

In terms of Section 136 of the Act, the report and accounts are

being sent to the Members and others entitled thereto, excluding

the information on employees particulars which is available for

inspection by the members at the registered office of the Company

during business hours on working days of the Company from

the date of this Report up to the date of ensuing Annual General

Meeting. Any member interested in obtaining such particulars

may write to the Company Secretary and the same will be made

available on request.

17. Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Pursuant to requirements of Section 134(3)(c) of the Companies

Act, 2013 with respect to Directors’ Responsibility Statement, the

Directors confirm:

(a)

That in the preparation of the annual accounts, the

applicable accounting standards have been followed and

no material departures have been made from the same;

(b)

That such accounting policies have been selected by them

and applied them consistently and made judgements and

estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give

a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company

as at March 31, 2022 and of the profit and loss of the

Company for the year ended on that date;

(c)

That proper and sufficient care has been taken by them

for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in

accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for

preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;

(d)

That the annual accounts have been prepared by them on a

going concern basis;

(e)

That they have laid down proper internal financial controls

to be followed by the Company and that such internal

financial controls are adequate and are operating

effectively; and

(f)

That they had devised proper systems to ensure compliance

with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such

systems were adequate and operating effectively.

18. Internal Financial Control and their

adequacy

The Company has an internal control system, commensurate with

the size, scale and complexity of its operations. The Company

has in place adequate controls, procedures and policies,

ensuring orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including

adherence to the Company’s policies, safeguarding of its assets,

70

71

PVR LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

>>> BOARD REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director

Annexure 1 to Board Report

POLICY ON DIRECTORS APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION

A. Introduction

This Policy on Directors Appointment and Remuneration on

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management

Personnel has been formulated in accordance with the

provisions of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act)

and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

B. Definitions

Directors:

Directors (other than: Managing

Managing Director

Annexure 2 to Board Report

Details under Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014

for the FY 2021-22

Rule Particulars

(i)

The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the

employees

A

Mr. Ajay Bijli, Chairman Cum: Managing Director 1:214

B

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint Managing Director

1:148

Median Salary – (in `)

3,34,158

(ii)

The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer

and Company Secretary

A

Mr. Ajay Bijli,

Managing Director

Joint: Managing Director

Place: Gurugram

Mukesh Kumar

Nitin Sood

Date: May 09, 2022

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

ANNUAL REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES

To be Included in the Board’s Report for Financial Year Ended on March 31, 2022

1

Brief outline on CSR Policy of the

Company.

1. Strive for education and social development within our business enterprise, largely impacting the society at

large.

2. Create and innovate collaborative programs and actions to promote large impacts on developmental

programs adopted by PVR Nest.

3. Embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its corporate

social responsibilities on India’s developmental goals - poverty, education, gender equality, healthcare &

ensuring environmental sustainability.

2

Composition of CSR Committee:

Sl.

No.

Name of Director

Designation /

Nature of Directorship

Number of meetings

of CSR Committee

held during the year

Number of meetings of

CSR Committee attended

during the year

1

Mr. Ajay Bijli

Managing Director

To,

The Members,

PVR Limited

CIN: L74899DL1995PLC067827

61, Basant Lok, Vasant Vihar,

New Delhi – 110057

We have conducted the secretarial audit pertaining to the compliance

of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate

practices by PVR Limited (hereinafter called the “Company”).

Secretarial audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a

reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory

compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute

books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the

company and also the information provided by the company, its

officers, agents and authorised representatives during the conduct

of secretarial audit, the explanations and clarifications made by the

Management and considering the relaxations granted by the Ministry

of Corporate Affairs and Securities and Exchange Board of India,

warranted due to spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, we hereby

report that in our opinion, the company has, during the audit period

covering the financial year ended on 31st March, 2022 complied with

the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has

proper Board-processes and compliance mechanism in place to the

extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms

and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company

for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2022 and made available

to me, according to the provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the rules made

thereunder;

(ii)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and the rules &

Regulations made thereunder;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and bye-laws

framed thereunder;

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and

regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct

Investment, Overseas Direct Investment; (Company does not have

any External Commercial Borrowing);

(v)

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’): —

a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial

Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of

Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;

d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021;

e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to

an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993

regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;

(Not applicable to the Company during the audit

period);

f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of

Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009 (Not applicable to

the Company during the audit period);

g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of

Securities) Regulations, 2018 (Not applicable to the

Company during the audit period);

h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and

Listing of Non convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021;

and

i)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015.

(vi) Other laws as are applicable to the Company are based on the

reports of the heads of the Department:

a)

All the Labour laws as applicable to the company;

b)

All the Environmental laws as applicable to the company;

c)

Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,

Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013;

We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the

following:

(i)

Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company

Secretaries of India;

(ii)

The Uniform Listing Agreements entered into by the Company

with the Stock Exchange(s) as per Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

During the period under review the Company has complied with the

provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standard, etc.

mentioned above.

In the matter of the managerial remuneration, aggregating to

`1,085 lakhs paid to two executive directors of the Company for

the Financial year ended March 31, 2022 was in accordance

Annexure 6 to Board Report

Form No. MR-3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

For the Financial Year Ended on March 31, 2022

[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No. 9 of the companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

82

83

PVR LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

>>> BOARD REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS:

letter of even date which is

annexed as ‘ANNEXURE A’ and forms an integral part of this report.

To

The Members,

PVR Limited

CIN: L74899DL1995PLC067827

61, Basant Lok, Vasant Vihar,

New Delhi – 110057

Our Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on

these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records.

We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management’s Representation Letter about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standard is the responsibility of management. Our

examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Arun Gupta & Associates

Arun Kumar Gupta

Company Secretary

ACS: 21227

Place: New Delhi

C.P. No. 8003

Date: May 09, 2022

UDIN: A021227D000290705

“Annexure A”

84

85

PVR LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

>>> BOARD REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

Managing Director and Sanjeev Kumar would be appointed as

the Executive Director. Pavan Kumar Jain would be appointed as

the Non- Executive Chairman of the Board. Siddharth Jain would

be appointed as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director in the

combined entity.

• The combined entity will be named as PVR INOX Limited with

branding of existing screens to continue as PVR and INOX

respectively. New cinemas opened post the merger will be

branded as PVR INOX

SCOT analysis

Strengths

Challenges

Movie exhibition industry leader in India

Absence of stringent piracy laws

Diversified products and services offerings and premium

Sluggish real estate developments

Guest experience

Long and tedious regulatory processes

Strategically-located cinemas

Strong relationships with developers

Stable financial position

Leadership position across key operating metrics

Experienced promoters and senior management team with in- depth industry know-how

Usage of superior technology such as Dolby stereo sound system, digital cinema

technology for superior customer experience

Opportunities

Threats

Low screens per capita, indicating headroom for growth

Any further pandemic led disruption in operations

Young demographics driving the entertainment industry

Rising popularity for live events and performances

Private screenings

Bans, restrictions from Central Board of Film Certification

Recent box office success of dubbed regional content

Delays in film production or releases

Growing disposable incomes

New content distribution platforms like OTT platforms

Screening of Alternative content options such as online gaming events, musical concerts,

Sporting events, etc.

Operational steps to ensure continuity

The key measures undertaken in view of COVID-19 crisis are:

PVR partnered with UFO Moviez to announce the installation of a

cinema-specific air sterilisation device called ‘UFO-Wolf AirMask’. To

ensure the safety of visiting patrons, it offers real-time air sterilisation

providing protection against all kinds of harmful bacteria, viruses

and microbes in the air and surfaces. It is successfully tested on SARS

COVID-2 VIRUS at Rajiv Gandhi Centre for Biotechnology, Trivandrum,

an ICMR recognised and ILAC Accredited Lab (International). This new

technology is part of PVR’s enhanced safety initiative ‘PVR Cares’ that

ensures that cinemas are safe in every possible way for both guests and

staff across every touch point in their cinema journey.

We’ve created detailed processes and guidelines to ensure a safe and

sanitary atmosphere for our clients and employees.

Tickets are available on our website and mobile application, as well

as partner websites and mobile applications, to facilitate contactless

booking. Customers can also pay for tickets at the entrance gates

by scanning ‘fast response’ codes. Furthermore, we have stopped

providing paper tickets and now exclusively provide booking

confirmations by SMS and e-mail. We’ve also included a ‘fast

response’ code-based meal ordering system, and included some

healthy choices and selections with ingredients that help to boost

immunity.

We’ve also introduced the concept of private screenings, which is a

premium and personalised offering in which a small group of audience

members books the entire auditorium to enjoy the content of their

choice.

“Best in Class” Standard Operating Procedures

Developed

PVR developed “best in class” standard operating procedures to ensure

complete safety of our consumers and employees from COVID-19.

Some of the measures taken include:

Social Distancing

• Marked Queuing at Box office, security check, concessions, rest

rooms, elevator etc.

• Staggered Audi seating

• Limited staff back of the house

Minimal Human Contact

• Disposable food containers and packaging

• Modified processes & procedures

• Digital transactions

Sanitisation and Cleanliness

• Deep cleaning and sanitisation of all surfaces – Box Office to Exit

• Advance sanitisation using ULV technology for long lasting protection

• Anti-microbial film on handles and bars

• 70+ cinema touch points to be sanitised every hour with colour

coded dusters as per authorised grades

Health and Hygiene

• Temperature screening at entry

• Arogya App

• Regular staff health check

• Stringent hygiene protocol

• Entry restricted for employees and gusts with symptoms

• Staff awareness and training

Financial Initiatives to ensure Continuity

To mitigate the adverse impact of the pandemic on its operations, the

Company during the year took some decisive actions to alleviate the

damage: It proactively implemented cost optimisation measures, kept

enhanced liquidity at all times on the balance sheet and prudently

managed its cash flow.

92

93

PVR LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

>>> MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

STATUTORY REPORTS:

letter of law;

• Do what is right and not what is convenient;

• Provide complete transparency on operations; and

• Follow openness in communication with all our stakeholders.

The Corporate Governance Structure of PVR can be

described through three layers namely:

• Shareholders appoint Board of Directors and entrust them with

necessary powers;

• Board leads strategic management and constitutes various

committees to handle specific areas of responsibility; and

• The KMP’s and the committees take up specific responsibility and

day to day affairs as set by the Board and as required by the law.

Corporate Governance is an integral part of PVR in its pursuit of

excellence, growth and value creation. It continuously endeavours to

leverage available resources for translating opportunities into reality.

During the year under review, the Board of Directors, Management and

employees continued their pursuit of achieving these objectives through

the adoption and monitoring of prudent business plans and by monitoring

the major risks of the Company’s business. The Company pursues

policies and procedures to satisfy its legal and ethical responsibilities.

The Company’s Philosophy is to achieve business excellence and

optimise long-term Shareholders’ value on a sustained basis by ethical

business conduct. The Company is committed to transparency in all its

dealings and places strong emphasis on business ethics.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS (“THE BOARD”)

Composition of the Board:

As on March 31, 2022, the Company had Nine Directors on the Board.

The Board is comprised of two Executive Directors and seven Non-

Executive Directors out of which five are Independent Directors. The

Board included three Women Non-Executive Directors. The composition

of the Board was in accordance with SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred as

“Listing Regulations”) and Companies Act, 2013.

Mr. Ajay Bijli, the Promoter cum Executive Director is the Chairman of

the Board.

None of the Directors of the Company is inter-se related to each other.

The composition of the Board of Directors during the FY 2021-22,

shareholding in the Company, details regarding directorship/

membership in Committees of other companies, attendance in last

Annual General Meeting & Board Meetings of the Company held

during the FY 2021-22 are as under:

Name of the

Directors

Category

Shareholding

in the

Company

as on

March 31,

2022 (No. of

equity shares)

$No. of

Board

Meetings

attended

during the

FY

2021-22

Name of other Listed

Entity in which the

person is a director

and category

Attendance

at the

last AGM

held on

September

28, 2021

Number

of other

Directorships*

as on

31.03. 2022

&Number of Committee

Memberships and

Chairmanship in other public

Companies as on 31.03.2022

Memberships

Chairmanships

Ajay Bijli

Promoter, Chairman

and Managing

Director

57,72,205

5 of 5

NIL

Yes

3

NIL

NIL

Sanjeev

Kumar

Promoter, Joint: Managing Director

40,92,450

5 of 5

NIL

Yes

2

NIL

NIL

Renuka

Ramnath

Non-Executive,

Non-Independent,

Woman Director

-

4 of 5

Independent Director

in Arvind Limited, TV18

Broadcast Limited,

Tata Communications

Limited and Nominee

Director in, Vastu

Housing Finance

Corporation Limited

Yes

9

Nil

1

Vikram

Bakshi

Non –Executive,

Independent Director

-

5 of 5

NIL

Yes

13

NIL

NIL

Sanjai Vohra

Non –Executive,

Independent Director

1,343

4 of 5

NIL

Yes

1

NIL

NIL

Deepa Misra

Harris

Non –Executive,

Independent, Woman

Director

-

5 of 5

Independent Director

in ADF Foods Limited,

Prozone Intu Properties

Limited, TCPL

Packaging Limited and

Jubilant Foodworks

Limited

Yes

5

4

NIL

Name of the

Directors

Category

Shareholding

in the

Company

as on

March 31,

2022 (No. of

equity shares)

$No. of

Board

Meetings

attended

during the

FY

2021-22

Name of other Listed

Entity in which the

person is a director

and category

Attendance

at the

last AGM

held on

September

28, 2021

Number

of other

Directorships*

as on

31.03. 2022

&Number of Committee

Memberships and

letter of

appointment setting out in detail, the terms of appointment, duties,

responsibilities and expected time commitments. Each newly appointed

Independent Director is taken through a familiarisation program

including the presentation from the: Managing Director & CEO on the

Company’s Business, finance performance and other important aspects.

The Company Secretary briefs the Director about their legal and

regulatory responsibilities as a Director. The details of the familiarisation

program of the Independent Directors is available on the website of the

Company at https://www.pvrcinemas.com/corporate.

Evaluation of Board’s Performance:

The Board has in place a mechanism for evaluating its performance

as well as that of its Committees and individual Directors, including

the

Managing Director (CMD) and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar,

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

of the Company for the Financial Year 2020-21.

2. Approval of managerial remuneration paid to Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing Director

of the Company for the Financial Year 2020-21.

3. Approval for the offer or invitation to subscribe to Non-Convertible Debentures on private placement

basis.

POSTAL BALLOT

Following resolutions were passed during the Financial Year 2021-22 through Postal Ballot:

Resolution

Date of Postal Ballot Notice

Type of resolution

Mode of Voting

To approve PVR Employee Stock Option Plan 2022.

January 21, 2022

Special

Postal Ballot (Remote E-Voting)

To approve grant of stock options to the employees of subsidiary

company(ies), in India or outside India, of the company, under PVR

Employee Stock Option Plan 2022.

January 21, 2022

Special

Postal Ballot (Remote E-Voting)

Procedure followed for the resolution passed vide Postal Ballot Notice

dated January 21, 2022, result whereof was announced on March 09,

2022 is as under.

i.

The Board of Directors of the Company, vide resolution dated

January 21, 2022 had appointed M/s. Arun Gupta & Associates,

Company Secretaries as the Scrutiniser for conducting the Postal

Ballot process through remote e-voting;

ii.

The Company had completed the dispatch of the Postal Ballot

Notice together with the Explanatory Statement on February 04,

2022, to the members whose name(s) appeared on the Register

of Members/list of beneficiaries as on February 02, 2022;

iii.

The Notice was sent only by way of electronic mode since

the requirements of sending the physical copy of notice was

dispensed away.

iv.

The voting under the postal ballot through remote e-voting was

kept open from February 06, 2022 to March 07, 2022 (both for

physical and through electronic mode);

v.

The remote e-voting module was disabled by NSDL, for remote

e-voting after 05:00 p.m. IST on 7th March, 2022;

vi.

On March 08, 2022, Mr. Mukesh Kumar, Company Secretary

and Compliance Officer, so authorised by

Managing Director) and Nitin Sood, Chief Financial Officer of PVR

Limited, to the best of our knowledge and belief, certify that:

A.

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement of the Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2022 and that

to the best of our knowledge and belief:

i.

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be

misleading;

ii.

These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting

standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

There are no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which are fraudulent, illegal or violate of the Company’s code of

conduct.

C.

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and procedures for the Company and that we

have evaluated the effectiveness of Company’s internal control systems and procedures pertaining to financial reporting.

D.

We have indicated based on our most recent evaluation wherever applicable, to the Company’s Auditors and through them to the Audit

Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors:

1.

Deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to

rectify these deficiencies.

2.

Significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year.

3.

Significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the financial

statements and

4.

Any fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the Management or an employee having a

significant role in the Company internal control system over financial reporting.

Place: Gurugram

Ajay Bijli

Nitin Sood

Date: 09th May, 2022

Chairman and: Managing Director

Chief Financial Officer

Certification on Compliance with Code of

Conduct of the Company

I declare that all Board Members and Senior Management personnel have affirmed compliances with the code of conduct for the Financial Year

2021-22.

Place: Gurugram

Ajay Bijli

Date: 09th May, 2022

Managing Director

• Mr. Sanjeev Kumar - Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing Director

DIN: 00531142

DIN: 00208173

Adhir Kapoor

Mukesh Kumar

Nitin Sood

Partner

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

ICAI Membership Number: 098297

ICSI M. No. A-17925

Place: New Delhi

Place: Gurugram

Date: May 09, 2022

Date: May 09, 2022

Particulars

Note

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Income

Revenue from operations

23

121,331

22,572

Other income

24

31,074

47,275

Total income

152,405

69,847

Expenses

Movie exhibition cost

31,200

4,680

Consumption of food and beverages

9,857

1,833

Employee benefits expense

25

25,602

20,742

Finance costs

26

49,394

49,347

Depreciation and amortisation expense

27

59,442

56,349

Other operating expenses

28

44,057

28,271

Total expenses

219,552

161,222

Loss before tax

(67,147)

(91,375)

Tax expense:

Current tax

-

(64)

Deferred tax (including MAT credit entitlement) (refer note 7)

(19,312)

(18,961)

Total tax expense

(19,312)

(19,025)

Loss for the year (A)

(47,835)

(72,350)

Other comprehensive income/(expense)

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent period

29

(40)

(8)

Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year (net of tax) (B)

(40)

(8)

Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year (A+B) (comprising profit/(loss)

and other comprehensive income for the year)

(47,875)

(72,358)

Earnings per equity share on Net loss after tax

30

[Nominal Value of share `10 each (March 31, 2021: `10 each)]

Basic

(78.60)

(131.23)

Diluted

(78.60)

(131.23)

Summary of significant accounting policies

2.2

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the standalone financial statements

As per our report of even date attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of PVR Limited

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101248W/W-100022

Ajay Bijli

Sanjeev Kumar

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

20

20

Employees

27

83

Promoters of the erstwhile subsidiary Company

-

17

6

Other financial assets

Non-current

Current

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Non-current bank balances (refer note 12B)

76

160

-

-

Interest accrued on:

Fixed deposits

6

11

124

116

National saving certificate

-

9

25

50

Others1

764

542

34

573

770

562

183

739

Revenue earned but not billed

-

-

799

494

Government grant receivable2

1,994

1,994

1,431

1,322

Security deposits

Unsecured, considered good

23,547

24,603

905

372

Unsecured, considered doubtful

1,098

480

-

24,645

25,083

905

372

Allowance for doubtful security deposits

(1,098)

(480)

-

-

23,547

24,603

905

372

Total

26,387

27,319

3,318

2,927

1 Includes interest accrued amounting to `796 Lakhs (March 31, 2021:`1,114 Lakhs) on loans given to related companies.

2 The Entertainment tax/GST exemption in respect of some of the Multiplexes of the Company has been accounted on the basis of eligibility

criteria as laid down in the respective erstwhile/current State Government schemes and applications filed with the authorities.

(` in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

(` in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

158

159

PVR LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

>>> STANDALONE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

letter of offer, Rights issue proceeds were to be utilised for repayment/ prepayment of outstanding borrowings along with interest

and general corporate purposes. As on March 31, 2021, entire Rights issue proceeds were utilised and there was no deviation in use of

proceeds from the objects stated in the Offer document for the Rights issue.

15 Other equity (refer Standalone statement of changes in equity)

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Securities premium

Amount received (on issue of shares) in excess of the face value has been classified as securities premium.

233,780

231,467

Share option outstanding account (refer note 32)

The share option outstanding account is used to record value of equity-settled share based payment transactions with

employees. The amount recorded in this account are transferred to securities premium upon exercise of stock options

by employees. In case of forfeiture, corresponding balance is transferred to general reserve.

1,125

830

Share application money pending allotment

Application money received from equity share applicants, whom allotment of shares is pending.

49

-

Capital reserve

Reserve created under the scheme of arrangement (Business Combination). The reserve is utilised in accordance with

the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.

602

602

General reserve

The General reserve is used from time to time to transfer profits from retained earnings for appropriation purposes.

As the General reserve is created by a transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an item of other

comprehensive income, items included in the General reserve will not be reclassified subsequently to Statement of

Profit and Loss.

4,030

4,030

Retained earnings

Retained earnings comprise of the Company's accumulated undistributed earning after taxes including Other

Comprehensive Income(OCI).

(106,838)

(58,963)

Total other equity

132,748

177,966

16 Long-term borrowings

(at amortised cost - net of transaction cost)

Non-current portion

Current maturities

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Debentures

Secured Rated Listed Non-Convertible Debentures

-

14,000

28,000

15,489

Term loans

Secured term loans from banks

103,314

83,999

13,050

9,570

103,314

97,999

41,050

25,059

Amount disclosed under the head "Short-term borrowings" (refer note 19)

-

-

(41,050)

(25,059)

103,314

97,999

-

-

(` in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

(` in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

164

165

PVR LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

>>> STANDALONE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing

Managing Director and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing Director, respectively, during the Financial Year 2020-21. The same was in

accordance with the minimum remuneration as was originally approved by the shareholders vide their resolutions dated July 03, 2018

and September 29, 2020. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 and in view of the

inadequacy of profits for the Financial Year 2020-21, Shareholder's approval was taken in the AGM held on September 28, 2021 for the

above mentioned remuneration.

52 Upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting dated

May 09, 2022 has approved remuneration of `642 Lakhs and `443 Lakhs paid to Mr. Ajay Bijli,

Managing Director

Joint: Managing Director

DIN: 00531142

DIN: 00208173

Adhir Kapoor

Mukesh Kumar

Nitin Sood

Partner

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

ICAI Membership Number: 098297

ICSI M. No. A-17925

Place: New Delhi

Place: Gurugram

Date: May 09, 2022

Date: May 09, 2022

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2022

Particulars

Note

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Income

Revenue from operations

25

133,100

28,001

Other income

26

32,613

46,934

Total income

165,713

74,935

Expenses

Movie exhibition cost

28,603

4,720

Consumption of food and beverages

11,149

2,576

Employee benefits expense

27

26,925

21,708

Finance costs

28

49,817

49,784

Depreciation and amortisation expense

29

61,440

57,482

Other operating expenses

30

55,850

32,490

Total expenses

233,784

168,760

Loss before share of loss of equity accounted investees and tax

(68,071)

(93,825)

Share of loss of equity accounted investees (net of tax)

5A

-

(59)

Loss before tax

(68,071)

(93,884)

Tax expense:

Current tax

134

(64)

Deferred tax (including MAT credit entitlement) (refer note 7A)

(19,354)

(18,999)

Total tax expenses

(19,220)

(19,063)

Loss after tax

(48,851)

(74,821)

Non-controlling interests

27

42

Net loss after tax and after adjustment of non-controlling interests (A)

(48,824)

(74,779)

Other Comprehensive Income/(expense)

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent period

31

(48)

(3)

Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent period

(172)

50

Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the period (net of tax) (B)

(220)

47

Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the period (comprising profit and other

comprehensive income /(expense)) (A+B)

(49,044)

(74,732)

Net loss attributable to:

Owners of the Company

(48,824)

(74,779)

Non-controlling interests

(27)

(42)

Other Comprehensive Income/(expense) attributable to:

Owners of the Company

(220)

47

Non-controlling interests [#]

-

-

Total Comprehensive Income/(expense) attributable to:

Owners of the Company

(49,044)

(74,732)

Non-controlling interests

(27)

(42)

Earnings per equity share on Net loss after tax

32

[Nominal Value of share `10 (March 31, 2021: `10)]

Basic

(80.23)

(135.64)

Diluted

(80.23)

(135.64)

[#] Amount below `1 lakh

Summary of significant accounting policies

2.3

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements

As per our report of even date attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of PVR Limited

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101248W/W-100022

Ajay Bijli

Sanjeev Kumar

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

20

20

Employees

27

83

Promoters of the erstwhile subsidiary Company

-

17

6

Other financial assets

Non-current

Current

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Non-current bank balances (refer note 13B)

76

160

-

-

Interest accrued on:

Fixed deposits

8

11

124

117

National saving certificate

-

9

25

50

Others

-

-

1

1

8

20

150

168

Revenue earned but not billed

-

-

1,104

506

Government grant receivable1

Unsecured, considered good

1,994

1,994

1,431

1,322

Unsecured, considered doubtful

-

-

-

-

1,994

1,994

1,431

1,322

Allowance for doubtful Government grant receivable

-

-

-

-

1,994

1,994

1,431

1,322

Security deposits

Unsecured, considered good

23,638

24,706

923

400

Unsecured, considered doubtful

1,098

480

-

-

24,736

25,186

923

400

Allowance for doubtful security deposits

(1,098)

(480)

-

-

23,638

24,706

923

400

Total

25,716

26,880

3,608

2,396

1The Entertainment tax/GST exemption in respect of some of the Multiplexes of the Parent company has been accounted on the basis of eligibility criteria as laid down in the respective

erstwhile/current State Government schemes and applications filed with the authorities.

(` in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

(` in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

218

219

PVR LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

>>> CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

letter of offer, Rights issue proceeds were to be utilised for repayment/prepayment of outstanding borrowings along with interest

and general corporate purposes. As on March 31, 2021, entire Rights issue proceeds were utilised and there was no deviation in use of

proceeds from the objects stated in the Offer document for the Rights issue.

16 Other equity

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Securities premium

233,780

231,467

Amount received (on issue of shares) in excess of the face value has been classified as securities premium.

Share option outstanding account (Refer note 34)

1,125

830

The share option outstanding account is used to record value of equity-settled share based payment transactions with

employees. The amount recorded in this account are transferred to security premium upon exercise of stock options by

employees. In case of forfeiture, corresponding balance is transferred to general reserve.

Share Application Money Pending Allotment

49

-

Application money received from equity share applicants, whom allotment of shares is pending.

Capital reserve

602

602

Reserve created under the scheme of arrangement (Business Combination). The reserve is utilised in accordance with

the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.

General reserve

4,673

4,673

The General reserve is used from time to time to transfer profits from retained earnings for appropriation purposes.

As the General reserve is created by a transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an item of other

comprehensive income, items included in the General reserve will not be reclassified subsequently to statement of

profit and loss.

Retained earnings

(109,292)

(60,309)

Retained earnings comprise of the Group's accumulated undistributed earning after taxes including Other

Comprehensive Income (OCI).

Total other equity

130,937

177,263

17 Non-controlling interest (NCI)

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Zea Maize Private Limited

Non-controlling Interest in Equity

1

1

Non-controlling Interest in Securities premium

175

175

Non-controlling Interest in Non-Equity

Share of profit/(loss) brought forward

(175)

(147)

Impact of change in share of profit/(loss) pertaining to earlier years due to change in ownership percentage

-

14

Share of profit/(loss) of the current year

(27)

(42)

(26)

1

Note:

Non-controlling Interest in Equity of subsidiaries

1

1

Non-controlling Interest in Securities premium of a subsidiaries

175

175

Non-controlling Interest in Non-Equity of subsidiaries

(202)

(175)

(26)

1

18 Long-term borrowings

(at amortised cost - net of transaction cost)

Non-current portion

Current maturities

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Debentures

Secured Rated Listed Non-Convertible Debentures

-

14,000

28,000

15,489

Term loans

Secured term loans from banks

103,333

84,031

13,064

9,579

103,333

98,031

41,064

25,068

Amount disclosed under the head "Short-term borrowings " (refer note 21)

-

-

(41,064)

(25,068)

103,333

98,031

-

-

(` in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

(` in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

224

225

PVR LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

>>> CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing

Managing Director and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing Director, respectively, during the Financial Year 2020-21. The same was

in accordance with the minimum remuneration as was originally approved by the shareholders vide their resolutions dated July 03, 2018

and September 29, 2020. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 and in view of the

inadequacy of profits for the Financial Year 2020-21, Shareholder's approval was taken in the AGM held on September 28, 2021 for the

above mentioned remuneration.

52 Upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of the Parent Company in their meeting

dated May 09, 2022 has approved remuneration of `642 Lakhs and `443 Lakhs paid to Mr. Ajay Bijli,

