DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

The world is finally

opening!

It has been heartening

and simply a delight to

meet some colleagues

and customers.

In-person meetings

have a charm of their

own. Reaffirming our

customer relationships,

driving trust have

always proved

beneficial for all.

Building a scalable, sustainable

and secure growth engine

I also met some of our colleagues in

the last few weeks when we returned

to office globally. I was fortunate to

meet some of our teams in different

regions. I am energised to see the

signs of a global recovery.

FY 2021-22 has a been a landmark

year for Tata Communications! From

witnessing greenshoots of demand

recovery, we progressed well in

achieving our strategic shifts from

products to platforms, gaining market

leadership in our chosen business

segments, our financial fitness with

healthy improvement in free cash flow

and, reduction in net debt, providing

headroom to invest for future

growth. While we have laid a strong

foundation, we still have a lot to do.

We are now investing in the right

areas and are solely focusing on our

growth target.

To drive on this growth trajectory,

it has been extremely crucial for us

to have a deeper understanding of

the state of the industry today and

the digital transformation journeys

that enterprises are on, in order to

better serve their emerging needs.

For this, we undertook a global survey

spanning 11 markets, connected

with C-Suite of 750 companies and

shared our findings in the report

titled “Leading in a Digital-First

World; Enabling Success with the

Right Mindset, Ecosystem and Trust”.

An eye-opening survey, the Report

unearthed that 90% of enterprises are

yet to achieve their digital-first goals.

And, of these, 49% are admitting that

cyber security is the topmost priority

for their business. Our analysis in the

report highlights that enterprises can

be classified into 3 distinct categories

--Digital Trailblazers, who have the

highest level of digital adoption in

their enterprise, Digital Migrants, who

are still on their journey and have

made substantial digital investments.

and, Digital Aspirants, who are yet to

embark on their digital transformation

journey or are at the inception stage.

As economies open, trust and security

are core to the competitiveness and

agility of enterprises seeking growth.

I believe the scale of digitalisation

will define and determine the success

of enterprises, irrespective of their

size or industry. All of them must act

now to reap the benefits of digital

transformation by:

•

Committing to a digital-first

operating model that over time

reimagines every core channel,

process and service offering

to maximise their digital

opportunity.

•

Creating quality user

experiences with a

hyperconnected ecosystem

to move up the value chain,

developing a digital-first

strategy focusing on agility,

control and security. Delivering

high-quality, secure and

frictionless collaboration for all

stakeholders across the entire

ecosystem will be critical.

•

Competing by innovating

and adapting faster than

peers, keeping security and

trust central to their core. As

cyber threats and regulatory

demands gain centre stage

in the new world, enterprises

must continue to win trust,

businesses must stay vigilant

and invest proactively to

safeguard all stakeholders.

We are now actively driving digital-

first goals for enterprises while

continuing to focus on providing

holistic solutions to accelerate their

digital transformation journeys.

CREATING PLATFORMS

We enhanced our portfolio with

innovative solutions and platforms.

• Next-Gen Connectivity Services:

We launched strengthened

variants of the IZO™ Internet WAN

for global enterprises offering

predictable and dependable

network services with access

to more than 150 geographies.

This brings high-quality Internet

services, consistent network

experiences over various service

options including broadband

Internet. It now enables seamless

data transfer from branch offices to

data centres, from branch offices

to clouds and across multiple

clouds for enterprises. Enterprises

are now able to have a simple and

agile management over their global

and regional networks. The new

variants of IZO™ Internet WAN

caters to all industries such as

Manufacturing, IT, ITeS, Services,

Retail, BFSI, etc. They have been

released for enterprises across

North America, Europe, United

Kingdom, Ireland and Asia-Pacific

markets. IZO™ Internet WAN,

launched in 2014 is the world’s

first predictable and dependable

internet.

‘Bandwidth-on-Demand’ on

Ethernet services has been

introduced to deliver speed,

convenience, cost efficiency and

pay-as-you-go features, enabling

enterprises to become agile and

productive.

This helps in delivering flexibility,

improving end-user experience,

and bringing cost efficiency and

self-provision additional capacity

on a pay-as-you-go model to

meet short term bandwidth

needs conveniently through a

self-service customer portal. We

are powering these enterprises

to move closer to achieving their

digital-first ambitions. This is

built upon the strong foundation

of Tata Communications data

centre ecosystem infrastructure,

providing seamless connectivity

and maximum coverage across the

data centre clusters in India with

multiple diverse routes.

• Collaboration & Connected

Solutions: We introduced Tata

Communications GlobalRapide,

an end-to-end managed unified

communications as a service

(UCaaS) to enable enterprises

deliver digitally advanced,

sophisticated, and intelligent

collaboration experiences to

employees. With this new service,

we have become a one-stop-

shop to address all digital-first,

08

09

Corporate Overview

Integrated Report 2021-22:

Managing Director and CEO

12

13

Corporate Overview

Integrated Report 2021-22:

Managing Director and CEO

MR. SRINATH NARASIMHAN

Non-executive Director

MR. KRISHNAKUMAR NATARAJAN

Independent Director

MR. TROY REYNOLDS

Chief Legal and Compliance Officer

COMMITTEE COMPOSITION

MR. ASHOK SINHA

Independent Director

MR. A.S. LAKSHMINARAYANAN: Managing

Managing Director and CEO of Multiples

Alternate Asset Management, a private

equity manager and advisor to funds

of ~ USD 1.7 bn with a career of over

35 years in financial services across

private equity, investment banking and

structured finance.

Ms. Ramnath spent 8 years as the MD

& CEO of ICICI Venture, building it

into one of the largest private equity

funds in the country. In 2009, she took

an entrepreneurial turn and founded

Multiples, a dedicated India-focused

private equity platform. Ms. Renuka is

driven by the ripple effects of supporting

entrepreneurs in building sustainable

businesses, extending to employment

generation, economic stimulation, and

facilitation of nation building. She is

a Board member of GPCA, the global

industry association for private capital.

Ms. Renuka was the Chairperson of the

Executive Committee of Indian Private

Equity and Venture Capital Association

2020 – 2022. She has frequently

appeared in prestigious listings including

Top 25 Most Powerful Women in

Business by Business Today India’s Most

Powerful CEOs by Economic Times,

The Year’s Top 50 for Achievement in

Business by Forbes and Most Influential

Women by Business World.

Ms. Renuka holds a Bachelor of

Engineering from VJTI and an MBA

from University of Mumbai. She has

also completed the AMP from Harvard

Business School.

2

MR. A.S. LAKSHMINARAYANAN: Managing Director and CEO

Mr. A.S. Lakshminarayanan, is the

Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer of Tata Communications Limited.

He is a global techno-commercial leader

across regions and industries recognised

for developing scalable businesses in UK,

Europe, Japan and India, and has worked

across the globe. In a short span at Tata

Communications, since October 2019,

Mr. Lakshminarayanan is re-engineering

the Company and steering it to deliver

strong profitability. Under his leadership,

Tata Communications is progressing to

play a solid role as a digital ecosystem

enabler – a digital fabric on which

customers can build secure, connected,

digital experiences. Prior to joining Tata

Communications, Mr. Lakshminarayanan

was President and CEO of Tata

Consultancy Services (TCS) Japan,

accelerating the company’s market

opportunity and brand in the region.

An over 35 years Tata Group veteran,

engineering graduate from BITS, Pilani,

and London Business School senior

executive programme alumnus, Mr.

Lakshminaraynan is an IEEE (Institute

of Electrical and Electronics Engineers)

long-standing member.

He is also on the Board of Tata

Teleservices Limited and Tejas Networks

Limited. He is known to drive all things

technology and transformation, with

trust and purpose.

3

MR. SRINATH NARASIMHAN

Non-executive Director

Mr. N. Srinath joined the Tata

Administrative Services in 1986. He has

held positions in Project Management,

Sales & Marketing, and Management

in different Tata companies in the ICT

sector over the past 36 years. Under

his leadership, Tata Communications

transformed from a monopoly, public

sector undertaking into a global

communications services provider

offering advanced network, managed

and cloud services to customers

worldwide. In 2008 and 2009, Mr.

Srinath was named as the world’s eighth

most influential telecom personality by

the Global Telecoms Business magazine,

as well as the ‘Telecom Person of the

Year’ by the India-based Voice and Data

magazine in 2008. He has a degree in

Mechanical Engineering from IIT Chennai

and a Management Degree from IIM

Calcutta, specialising in Marketing and

Systems. Mr. Srinath has joined as CEO

of Tata Trusts with effect from April 1,

2020. He currently serves on the boards

of companies like Tata Communications

Ltd., Tata Industries Ltd., Assam Cancer

Care Foundation, Alamelu Charitable

Foundation, Tata Teleservices Ltd. and

Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) Ltd.

4

MR. KRISHNAKUMAR

NATARAJAN

Independent Director

A leading authority in the global IT

sector, Mr. Krishnakumar Natarajan co-

founded Mindtree in 1999 and has played

key roles in building the company’s

innovative approach to delivering IT

services and solutions to global 2000

enterprises. Mr. Krishnakumar’s efforts as

a business leader have been recognised

worldwide, winning him several laurels.

Businessworld and Forbes ranked him

amongst the most valuable CEOs in

India in 2016. He won Bloomberg UTV’s

award as the CEO of the Year in 2010,

Business Today CEO of the Year award

in 2014 and was recognised by Chief

Executive Magazine’s as one of the

twelve global leaders of tomorrow. EY

honoured him with Entrepreneur of the

year 2015 in Services. His efforts resulted

in Mindtree winning the “Most Promising

Company of the Year” in 2013 by CNBC

TV18. A 40-year IT industry veteran, Mr.

Krishnakumar served as

Managing Director & CEO, who examines and advises the

CSR team on a regular basis. All CSR activities and projects are

consistently reviewed, monitored, and evaluated both internally

and externally through robust mechanisms.

Our Reach

We select our geographies on the basis of our business and our

intent is to do right for the communities where we operate. We

have undertaken 19 projects in 14 states across the country for

FY 2021-22.

We are expanding our CSR footprint to North-East India through

community initiatives in Meghalaya and Nagaland. Besides, we

have expanded our CSR footprint globally and our spending on

international CSR initiatives is over and above the requirements

under the Companies Act, 2013.

People benefited

680,409

Spent towards CSR

activities1

J113,024,497

Project’s Coverage

1It includes monitoring

and evaluation and

administrative expenses

EDUCATION

In collaboration

with our

implementation

partners (non-

government

organisations

-NGOs) in

Haryana,

Maharashtra,

Delhi, Tamil

Nadu, Himachal

Pradesh, Kerala,

Rajasthan,

Uttarakhand

Karnataka and

Singapore,

we undertook

eight education

projects.

NITI Aayog, with the help of

civil society organisations, had

started a community programme

led by volunteers called

Saksham Bitiya Abhiyaan. We

implemented the programme in

the Aspirational District (112 most

under-developed districts across

the country) of Nuh to improve

the girl-child ratio in the region.

We introduced the first cohort

of 30 Sanginis (community

volunteers) to educate young

girls in the community on

global citizenship and digital

competencies through arts,

theatre, sports and poetry.

Tata Communications has

also been working with the

Evergreen Secondary School

through the ‘Network for

Teaching Entrepreneurship

(NFTE)’ programme in

association with Halogen

Foundation, Singapore. NFTE

was started in 2016 to empower

the youth with relevant skills

that will allow them to be

industry-ready with the right

attitude and values to enhance

their prospects.

These projects are multi-disciplinary

and aim to improve the quality of

education through digital enablement of

institutions, introduction of innovative

learning methods (including sports),

capacity building of educators,

youth engagement and leadership

development of students. Through these

projects, we seek to empower the youth

with relevant skills and enhance their

future prospects.

Scholarship and academic assistance are

provided to the youth from challenging

backgrounds, along with mentorship.

Girl beneficiaries

25,160

Affirmative Action

beneficiaries

11%

Schools covered

136

Spent towards education

activities

J1,282,780

Colleges covered

7

Beneficiaries including

students, teachers and

head-teachers

192,416

Tata Communications has

received a triple-band jump

to rank in the 476-500 points

score band, up from 400-425

in FY 2017-18, in the recently

concluded TAAP assessment

for FY 2018-19-FY 2020-21 by

the Tata Business Excellence

Group (TBExG) in 2022.

84

85

Corporate Overview

Integrated Report 2021-22:

Managing Director and CEO

Mr. Srinath Narasimhan

Non-executive Director

Mr. Krishnakumar Natarajan

Independent Director

Mr. Ashok Sinha

Independent Director

Mr. N. Ganapathy Subramaniam

Non-executive Director

REGISTERED OFFICE

VSB, Mahatma Gandhi Road,

Fort, Mumbai – 400 001

Tel: +91 22 6659 1968

Email: investor.relations@

tatacommunications.com

Website: www.tatacommunications.com.

CORPORATE OFFICE

Plot No. C21 & C36, ‘G’ Block, Bandra

Kurla Complex, Mumbai – 400 098

AUDITORS

Statutory Auditor

S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP,

Chartered Accountants

Cost auditor

Ms. Ketki D. Visariya, Cost

Accountant

Secretarial auditor

Mr. U. C. Shukla, Company Secretary

REGISTRAR AND SHARE

TRANSFER AGENTS

TSR Consultants Private Limited

C-101, 1st Floor, 247 Park, LBS Marg,

Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400 083

Tel: 91 22 6656 8484,

Fax: 91 22 6656 8494

E-mail: csg-unit@tcpl.co.in

Website: www.tcplindia.co.in

DEBENTURE TRUSTEE

IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited

Asian Building, Ground Floor, 17, R.

Kamani Marg, Ballard Estate,

Mumbai – 400 001

Tel: 91 22 4080 7000

E-mail: itsl@idbitrustee.com

KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

Mr. Kabir Ahmed Shakir

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Zubin Adil Patel

Company Secretary

106

107

Corporate Overview

Integrated Report 2021-22:

Letter of confirmation’ in lieu

of physical securities certificate(s), to the securities

holder/claimant within 30 days of its receipt of such

request after removing objections, if any. The ‘: Letter

of Confirmation’ shall be valid for a period of 120

days from the date of its issuance, within which the

securities holder/claimant shall make a request to the

DP for dematerialising the said securities. Form ISR-4

is available on the website of Company and TCPL.

16. In case of joint holders, the Member whose name

appears as the first holder in the order of names as

per the Register of Members of the Company will be

entitled to vote during the AGM.

17. During the AGM, Members may access the electronic

copy of Register of

letter etc.,

with attested specimen signature of the

duly authorized signatory(ies) who are

authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by

email to cs@parikhassociates.com with a

copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

ii.

It is strongly recommended not to share

your password with any other person

and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the

e-Voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in

the correct password. In such an event,

you will need to go through the “Forgot

User Details/Password?” or “Physical

User Reset Password?” option available

on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the

password.

iii. In

case

of

any

queries/grievances

pertaining to remote e-Voting (before

the AGM and during the AGM), you may

refer to the Frequently Asked Questions

(FAQs) for shareholders and e-Voting

user manual for shareholders available

in the download section of www.evoting.

nsdl.com or call on the toll-free numbers

1800 1020 990/1800 22 44 30 or send a

request to Ms. Sarita Mote or Mr. Sagar

Gudhate at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

By Order of the Board of Directors

Zubin Adil Patel

Company Secretary

ACS-30277

Mumbai, April 21, 2022

Registered Office:

VSB, Mahatma Gandhi Road,

Fort, Mumbai - 400 001.

CIN: L64200MH1986PLC039266

Email address: investor.relations@tatacommunications.com

Website: www.tatacommunications.com

Manner of holding shares i.e.,

Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical

Your User ID is:

iii) For Members holding shares in

Physical Form.

EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered

with the Company.

For example if Folio Number is 001*** and EVEN is

123456 then user ID is 123456001***

v.

Your password details are given

below:

a) If you are already registered for

e-Voting, then you can use your

existing password to login and cast

your vote.

b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting

system for the first time, you will

need to retrieve the ‘initial password’

which was communicated to you.

Once

you

retrieve

your

‘initial

password’, you need to enter the

‘initial password’ and the system will

force you to change your password.

c) How

to

retrieve

your

‘initial

password’?

If your email ID is registered in

your demat account or with the

Company, your ‘initial password’ is

communicated to you on your email

ID. Trace the email sent to you from

NSDL in your mailbox. Open the

email and open the attachment i.e.,

a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The

password to open the .pdf file is your

8 digit Client ID for NSDL account,

last 8 digits of Client ID for CDSL

account or folio number for shares

held in physical form. The .pdf file

contains your ‘User ID’ and your

‘initial password’.

vi. If you are unable to retrieve or have

not received the 'initial password' or

have forgotten your password:

a) Click

on

'Forgot

User

Details/

Password?' (If you are holding shares

in your demat account with NSDL

or CDSL) option available on www.

evoting.nsdl.com.

b) 'Physical User Reset Password?' (If

you are holding shares in physical

mode) option available on www.

evoting.nsdl.com.

c) If you are still unable to get the

password by aforesaid two options,

you can send a request at evoting@

nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat

account number/folio number, your

PAN, your name and your registered

address.

d) Members can also use the OTP (One

Time Password) based login for

casting the votes on the e-Voting

system of NSDL.

vii. After entering your password, tick

on Agree to 'Terms and Conditions'

by selecting on the check box.

viii. Now, you will have to click on 'Login'

button.

ix. After you click on the 'Login' button,

Home page of e-Voting will open.

Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and

join AGM on NSDL e-Voting system.

How to cast your vote electronically and

join AGM on NSDL e-Voting system?

i.

After successful login at Step 1, you will

be able to see all the companies “EVEN”

in which you are holding shares and

whose voting cycle and General Meeting

is in active status.

ii.

Select “EVEN” of company for which

you wish to cast your vote during the

remote e-Voting period and cast your

vote during the General Meeting. For

joining virtual meeting, you need to click

on “VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join

General Meeting”.:

letter to act as the Statutory Auditors of

the Company and have confirmed that their proposed

re-appointment, if made, will be in accordance with the

conditions prescribed under Sections 139 and 141 of the

Act.

Fees payable to the Statutory Auditors shall be as

mutually decided between the Board and the Statutory

Auditors and applicable taxes, travelling and other out-of-

pocket expenses incurred by them, if any, in connection

with the statutory audit of the Company will be payable

over and above the decided fees.

M/s. S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP are an affiliate

member of the global Ernst & Young group and have

the necessary capabilities and competencies to perform

their duties as Statutory Auditors of the Company.

M/s. S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP have the relevant

experience and expertise to conduct the Statutory Audit

of the Company and in the opinion of the Board, M/s.

S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP have exercised fairness

and independence in carrying out statutory audit of the

financial statements of the Company during their first

term as Statutory Auditors.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out

at Item No. 5 of the Notice for approval by the Members.

None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

(‘KMP’) or relatives of directors and KMPs are concerned

or interested in the Resolution at Item No. 5 of the

accompanying Notice.

In respect of Item No. 6

Under the provisions of Section 148 of the Act read with

the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, as

amended from time to time, the Company is required to

conduct the audit of its cost records by a Cost Accountant.

Further, in accordance with the provisions of Section 148

of the Act read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors)

Rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors

has to be ratified by the Members of the Company.

The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee,

has approved the appointment and remuneration of

Ms. Ketki D. Visariya, Cost Accountant, as Cost Auditor

of the Company to conduct the audit of the cost records

of the Company for the financial year ending March 31,

2023. Accordingly, under the approval from the Board of

Directors, the remuneration of the Cost Auditor was fixed at

H6 lakhs plus applicable taxes and out of pocket expenses

on actual basis capped at 3% of the remuneration.

Accordingly, consent of the Members is sought by way

of an Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 6 of the

accompanying Notice for ratification of the remuneration

amounting to H6 lakhs plus applicable taxes and out

of pocket expenses on actual basis capped at 3% of

the remuneration, payable to the Cost Auditor for the

financial year ending March 31, 2023.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out

at Item No. 6 of the Notice for approval by the Members.:

Managing Director of Bharat Petroleum Corporation

Ltd. (‘BPCL’), which is present across the entire value

chain with activities covering exploration and production,

refining and marketing oil and gas products. He spent 33

years in BPCL, where he served on the Board of BPCL

for 15 years – first as Director (Finance) for 10 years from

1996 and then as its Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

Chairman - CSR Committee

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31st March, 2022

[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule no.9 of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,

The Members,

Tata Communications Limited,

I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance

of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence

to good corporate governance practices by Tata

Communications

Limited

(hereinafter

called

‘the

Company’). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner

that provided me a reasonable basis for evaluating

the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and

expressing my opinion thereon. I have conducted online

verification and examination of records as facilitated by

the Company due to Covid 19 and subsequent lockdown

situation for the purpose of issuing this Report.

Based on my verification of the Company’s books, papers,

minute books, forms and returns filed and other records

maintained by the Company and also the information

provided by the Company, its officers, agents and

authorized representatives during the conduct of

secretarial audit, I hereby report that in my opinion,

the Company has during the audit period covering the

financial year ended on 31st March, 2022 complied with

the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that

the Company has proper Board process and compliance

mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and

subject to the reporting made hereinafter.

I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms

and returns filed and other records maintained by Tata

Communications Limited for the financial year ended on

31st March, 2022 according to the provisions of:

(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules

made thereunder;

(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956

(‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and

Bye-laws framed thereunder;

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the

rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent

of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct

Investment and External Commercial borrowing;

(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed

under the Securities and Exchange Board of India

Act, 1992 (‘SEBI ACT’):-

(a) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations

&

Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

(b) the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011;

(c) Securities

and

Exchange

Board

of

India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,

2015; and

(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations,

2008;

I report that during the year under review, there was

no action/event in pursuance of –

(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2009;

(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Employee Stock Option Scheme and Employee

Stock Purchase Scheme) Guidelines, 1999 and/

or SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits)

Regulations, 2014;

(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Delisting of Equity shares) Regulations, 2009;

(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 1998; and

(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)

Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act

and dealing with the client.

(vi) Based on the certificate given by the Company

Secretary of the Company, it appears that the

following Acts / Guidelines are specifically applicable

to the Company:

(a) Telecommunication Regulatory Authority of

India Act, 1997

(b) Information Technology Act, 2000

I have also examined compliance with the applicable

clauses of the following::

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on the test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the process and practices, I followed, provide

reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4. Wherever required, I have obtained the management representation about the compliance of the laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations and standards is the

responsibility of the management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

(U.C. SHUKLA)

Date: 21 April 2022

COMPANY SECRETARY

Place: Mumbai

FCS: 2727/CP: 1654:

Managing Director and CEO

26/11/2019

3)

Mr. Srinath Narasimhan (DIN: 00058133)

Non-Executive Director

13/02/2002

4)

Mr. Krishnakumar Natarajan (DIN: 00147772)

Independent Director

15/07/2021

5)

Mr. Ashok Sinha (DIN: 00070477)

Independent Director

08/10/2021

6)

Mr. Ganapathy Subramaniam Natarajan

(DIN: 07006215)

Non-Executive Director

02/12/2021

CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

[pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C sub-clause (10)(i) of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]

To,

The Members of

Tata Communications Limited

VSB, Mahatma Gandhi

Road, Fort

Mumbai 400 001

I have examined the registers, records, books, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Tata

Communications Limited, (CIN L64200MH1986PLC039266), having Registered Office at VSB, Mahatma Gandhi Road,

Fort, Mumbai 400 001 (the Company), produced before me by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate

in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub-clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. I have conducted online verification and

examination of records as facilitated by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Report.

In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verification [including Director Identification

Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in as considered necessary and explanation furnished to me by the

Company and its officers, I hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below

for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2022 were debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as

Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India and/or Ministry of Corporate Affairs:

Note: Ensuring the eligibility for appointment/continuing as Director on the Board is the responsibility of the

Management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion based on verification of documents/

information available to me. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the

efficiency or effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

UDIN: F002727B000404117

(UPENDRA C. SHUKLA)

Place: MUMBAI

COMPANY SECRETARY

FCS: 2727/CP No: 1654

Management Discussion and Analysis

2021 saw the global economy gain positive momentum and make

significant progress towards normalcy. The global economy

rebounded from the pandemic recession faster than expected.

Households responded to the improving epidemiological situation

and the gradual relaxation of containment measures with a

spending spree that propelled private consumption growth.

Strong monetary and fiscal policies by many governments

were probably the biggest factors in global recovery.

Much greater in scale and geographic coverage than

the response to the 2008 global financial crisis, these

policies helped prevent a larger drop in global demand.

Fiscal policy, in particular, boosted personal incomes

in advanced economies, allowing some households

to maintain relatively high levels of consumption, and

supporting more exports than would otherwise have

been the case. Lockdowns and travel restrictions caused

consumers to shift spending away from non-traded

services and towards goods. Innovation and adaptation

by businesses and households kept economic activity

going. Manufacturing supply chains were able to

resume operations, and many people shifted to working

remotely, generating income and demand. This robust

recovery in 2021 – driven by the consumer spending and

uptake in investment, with trade in goods surpassing

pre-pandemic levels — marked the highest growth rate

in more than four decades, as per United Nations WESP

Report. The strong rebound in global trade in 2021 has

ECONOMIC OVERVIEW

helped soften the blow of the pandemic for people,

businesses, and economies.

Following a strong rebound in 2021, the world now

faces a few challenges. Despite vaccine coverage, the

COVID-19 pandemic still tops the list of risks to global

growth. Geopolitical instability and fragmentation seem

to be among the top risks to both global and domestic

economies. De-globalisation is poised to accelerate,

and along with ongoing sanctions and export controls,

there is accompanying emphasis on self- reliance. The

multitude of shocks caused by the Covid-19 pandemic,

new urgency in the sustainability imperative, geopolitical

tensions, plus the war in Ukraine, have put a lot of

pressure on global supply chains. These forces are likely

to reduce economic growth and increase inflation. An

uncertain inflation outlook together with the prospect of

financial market volatility adds to challenges of the global

economy. In this environment, productivity enhancement

through digital transformation, achieving supply chain

resilience and upskilling workforces are expected to be

the major focus areas for businesses.

Despite the current complex situation of geopolitical

tensions, monetary tightening and inflationary pressures,

the overall global outlook is still optimistic towards

development. Long run drivers of development – public

health, financial alignment with transformative green

technologies, technological progress – are looking

up. While short-term challenges of debt, inflation, and

high food prices will doubtless afflict many countries

this year, the underlying global trends are starting to

improve. Technological advancements seem to be finally

delivering to make major economic production and

consumption structures more sustainable. Technology

will surely play a crucial role in shaping the future that

emerges. Institutions will need to prepare for their

digital future and not remain just passive observers to

the ongoing digital revolution. They should prepare for

the ongoing changes with a strategic end-to-end digital

transformation.:

letter

dated September 7, 2000. The GoI also gave the

Company an assurance that it would consider

additional

compensation,

if

found

necessary,

following a detailed review of its decision to open up

the ILD market.

Contrary to its assurances, on January 18, 2002,

the GoI issued a further: letter to the Company,

unilaterally declaring that the compensation package

provided in its original letter was to be treated as

full and final settlement of every sort of claim against

the early termination of the Company’s exclusivity

rights in the ILD business. The Company filed a suit

in the Bombay High Court in 2005. On July 7, 2010,

the Bombay High Court ruled that it did not have the

jurisdiction to hear this suit, in view of the provisions

of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India

Act, 1997. Aggrieved by this order, the Company

instituted an appeal before a division bench of the

Managing Director

& CEO does not serve as an Independent Director

in any listed company. All the Non-Independent

Directors, except the: Managing Director, are liable to

retire by rotation.

iii. Independent Directors are non-executive directors as

defined under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations read with Section 149(6) of the Act along

with rules framed thereunder. In terms of Regulation

25(8) of SEBI Listing Regulations, the Independent

Directors have confirmed that they are not aware

of any circumstance or situation which exists or

may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or

impact their ability to discharge their duties. Based

on the declarations received from the Independent

Directors, the Board of Directors has confirmed that

they meet the criteria of independence as mentioned

under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations and that they are independent of the

management.

iv. Eight Board Meetings were held during the year under

review and the gap between two meetings did not

exceed 120 days. The said meetings were held on:

April 28, 2021

May 28, 2021

August 4, 2021

September 13, 2021

October 12/13, 2021

October 20, 2021

January 19, 2022

March 24, 2022

The necessary quorum was present for all the

meetings.

v.

The names and categories of the Directors on the

Board, their attendance at Board Meetings held

during the year and at the last Annual General Meeting

(‘AGM’), name of other listed entities in which the

Director is a director and the number of Directorships

and

Committee

Managing Director; NE – Non-Executive Director; ID – Independent Director

* Excludes directorships of associations, private limited companies, Section 8 companies, high-value debt listed companies or companies

incorporated outside India.

** Represents Chairmanships/memberships of Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee in public limited companies whose

equity shares are listed. For Committee positions number of membership includes chairmanship.

^Dr. Uday B. Desai ceased to be a Director of the Company with effect from June 5, 2021 and attended 2 meetings of the Board during the

financial year till the date of his cessation. Dr. Rajesh Sharma and Dr. Maruthi Prasad Tangirala ceased to be directors of the Company with effect

from May 10, 2021. They did not attend any meetings of the Board of Directors during the financial year 2021-22 till the date of their resignation.

vi. During FY 2021-22, information as mentioned in Part A of Schedule II of the SEBI Listing Regulations, has been

placed before the Board for its consideration.

vii. During FY 2021-22, one separate meeting of the Independent Directors was held on March 24, 2022. The

Independent Directors, inter-alia, reviewed the performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board as

a whole. The Board of Directors also evaluated the Independent Directors’ performance.

viii. The Board periodically reviews the compliance reports of all laws applicable to the Company.

ix. Mr. Krishnakumar Natarajan holds 1,963 shares of the Company as at March 31, 2022. None of the other

Directors hold any equity shares of the Company as at March 31, 2022.:

Managing Director & CEO. It does not have any

employee stock option scheme.

The NRC decides on annual increments for the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

56,833,919

4,580,033

47,500,982

1As per a Tata Group Directive, in case an executive who is in full-time employment of a Tata Company and is receiving salary as a full-time

employee is appointed as a Non-Executive Director (NE) on any Tata Company, such NE would not accept any commission. However, such

NE would be eligible to receive sitting fees as per the policy of the Company.

2The Government Directors had informed the Company that they will not accept any sitting fees and commission as their directorships are

seen as part of their official duty. Further, Dr. Rajesh Sharma and Dr. Maruthi Prasad Tangirala did not attend any meetings of the Board or

its Committees during FY 2021-22 till the date of their resignation.

The remuneration and the terms of appointment of the: Managing

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect from

November 26, 2019.

For the period between July 5, 2019 and November 26, 2019

the Company had 5 Directors, which was below the prescribed

requirement of 6 directors for top 1000 listed entities. Thereafter,

the composition of the Board of Directors was in compliance with

the prescribed requirements under Regulation 17(1) of the SEBI

Listing Regulations.

In compliance with the letters received from the Stock Exchanges

for non-compliance with Regulation 17(1) – having less than six

directors on the Board for a period of 52 days, the Company has

made the payments of penalty levied, under protest.

During FY 2020-21, the Stock Exchanges, accepting the

representation of the Company have waived the penalties levied

on the Company.

FY 2021-22:

The Company has complied with the requirements of the SEBI

Listing Regulations except for the following:

i.

From May 10, 2021 to December 2, 2021, the total strength of

the Board was below the limit of six directors as prescribed

under the SEBI Listing Regulations.

ii.

The composition of the Audit Committee, Nomination

and Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders Relationship

Committee and Risk Management Committee was not as per

the requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations from May

10, 2021 to July 20, 2021.

VII. Other Disclosure

Financial Year

Date

Time

Venue

Special Resolutions

2019-20

August 28, 2020

11:00 a.m.

(IST)

Video Conferencing

(‘VC’) or Other

Audio Visual Means

(‘OAVM’)

Special resolutions: 1

Reappointment of Ms. Renuka

Ramnath (DIN: 00147182) as

an Independent Director of the

Company for a second term.

The resolution was put to vote

and

carried

with

requisite

majority.

2020-21

June 30, 2021

11:00 a.m.

(IST)

Video Conferencing

(‘VC’) or Other

Audio Visual Means

(‘OAVM’)

Special resolutions: 2

a. Alteration of the Objects

Clause of the Memorandum

of

Association

of

the

Company

b. Alteration of Articles of

Association of the Company

The resolutions were put to

vote and carried with requisite

majority.

b. Extraordinary General Meeting:

No

extraordinary

general

meeting

of

the

members was held during FY 2021-22.

ii.

Details of special resolution passed through postal

ballot, the persons who conducted the postal ballot

exercise, details of the voting pattern and procedure

of postal ballot: Nil

iii. Details of special resolution proposed to be

conducted through postal ballot: Nil

V. a.

A certificate has been received from Mr. Upendra

C.

Shukla,

Practicing

Company

Secretary,

that none of the Directors on the Board of the

Company has been debarred or disqualified

from being appointed or continuing as directors

of companies by the Securities and Exchange

Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or

any such statutory authority.

b. In accordance with SEBI Circular dated February

8, 2019 and Regulation 24A of SEBI Listing

Regulations, the Company has obtained an

Annual Secretarial Compliance Report from

Mr. Upendra C. Shukla, Practicing Company

Secretary,

confirming

compliances

with

applicable SEBI Regulations, Circulars and

Guidelines for the year ended March 31, 2022.

VI. S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants

(Firm Registration No. 101049W/E300004) have

been appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the

Company. The particulars of payment of Statutory

Auditors’ fees, on consolidated basis for financial

year 2021-22 is given below:

Particulars

Amount

(J in crores)

Fees for audit and related

services paid to S.R. Batliboi

& Associates LLP and

Affiliates firms of the network

of which the statutory auditor

is a part

8.88

Other fees paid to Affiliates

firms and to entities of

the network of which the

statutory auditor is a part

1.63

Total

10.51:

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer, on the compliance declarations

received from Independent Directors, Non-Executive Directors

and Senior Management.

http://www.

tatacommunications.

com/investor-

relations/governance.

Dividend Distribution

Policy

Regulation

43A of the

SEBI Listing

Regulations

The Company believes in enhancing shareholders’ returns on

an ongoing basis. The Board has the discretionary power to

recommend the dividend. When deciding on the dividend pay-

out, the Board may consider various parameters including, but

not limited to, profits earned in the financial year, the Company’s

past performance, expansion plans, taxation and statutory

regulations, and money market conditions.

The Board of Directors has approved the Dividend Distribution

Policy, as per Regulation 43A of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The

Dividend Distribution Policy lists the key factors that may affect

the decision to pay out earnings in the form of dividends

www.

tatacommunications.

com/resource/

corporate-resources/

policies/tcl-dividend-

distribution-policy/

Particulars

Regulations

Details

Website link for

details/policy

Details of non -

compliance by the

Company, penalty,

strictures imposed

on the Company by

the stock exchange,

or Securities and

Exchange Board of

India (‘SEBI’) or any

statutory authority on

any matter related to

capital markets

Schedule V (C)

10(b) to the

SEBI Listing

Regulations

In view of the Government of India having sold-off its entire stake

in the Company, the two nominees of the Government of India on

the Board of Directors of the Company viz., Dr. Rajesh Sharma

and Dr. Maruthi Prasad Tangirala tendered their resignations on

May 10, 2021. This resulted in the total number of directors of the

Company being reduced to 4. Furthermore, the second term of

office of Dr. Uday B Desai, an Independent Director on the Board

of the Company ended on June 5, 2021, thereby reducing the

strength of the Board of Directors to 3. With their cessation as

directors of the Company, Dr. Sharma, Dr. Tangirala and Dr. Desai

also ceased to be members of various committees of the Board.

Hence, the composition of the Audit Committee, Nomination

and

Remuneration

Committee,

Stakeholders

Relationship

Committee and Risk Management Committee was not as per the

requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

The Company had since, initiated the process of identifying

suitable directors to be appointed in place of the outgoing

directors. All appointments to directorship positions in the

Company are subject to receipt of clearance of the Ministry of

Information and Broadcasting (‘MIB’) under the Policy Guidelines

for Uplinking of Television Channels from India dated December

5, 2011, applicable to the Company. The NRC, after careful

evaluation, identified suitable candidates for appointment to the

Board and applications to the MIB were made by the Company

immediately upon identification of each incumbent by the NRC.

On receipt of relevant approvals from the MIB, and in accordance

with the recommendation of the NRC, the Board of Directors of

the Company effected the following appointments:

i.

Appointment of Mr. Krishnakumar Natarajan as Additional

Director (Independent) with effect from July 15, 2021;

ii.

Appointment of Mr. Ashok Sinha as Additional Director

(Independent) with effect from October 8, 2021;

iii. Appointment of Mr. N. Ganapathy Subramaniam as Additional

Director (Non-Executive, Non-Independent) with effect from

December 2, 2021.

Thereafter, with effect from December 2, 2021 the composition

of the Board was in compliance with the requirement of having

minimum number of 6 directors as stipulated under the SEBI

Listing Regulations.

Further, vide its resolution dated July 20, 2021, the Board

reconstituted its the Audit Committee, Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee

and Risk Management Committee to make them compliant with

the relevant requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

Whistle Blower Policy

and Vigil Mechanism

Regulation 22

of SEBI Listing

Regulations

The Company has a Whistle Blower Policy and has established

the necessary vigil mechanism for directors and employees to

report concerns about unethical behaviour. No person has been

denied access to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee. The

said policy has been uploaded on the website of the Company.

The Company has also set up a dedicated Ethics Helpline for

receipt of Whistle Blower complaints.

www.

tatacommunications.

com/resource/

corporate-

resources/policies/

whistleblowers-

policy-english/:

Managing Director and CEO of Tata Communications Limited (‘the Company’) hereby

declare that all the members of Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel of the Company have affirmed

compliance with Code of Conduct, as applicable to them, in respect of the financial year 2021-22.

For Tata Communications Limited

A. S. Lakshminarayanan

Place: Mumbai: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

b) Details of the BR head

S.

No.

Particulars

Details

1.

DIN Number

(if applicable)

NA

2.

Name

Aadesh Goyal

3.

Designation

Chief Human Resource

Officer and Global HR

Head

4.

Telephone

number

+91 11 66505060

5.

e-mail id

aadesh.goyal@

tatacommunications.com

2. Principle-wise Business Responsibility Policy/Policies:

The National Voluntary Guidelines on Social, Environmental and Economic Responsibilities of Business (NVGs)

released by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has adopted nine areas of Business responsibility. Briefly, they are as

follows:

Business should respect the interests

of, and be responsive towards all

stakeholders, especially those who

are disadvantaged, vulnerable and

marginalised.

Principle- 4

Business should respect and promote

human rights.

Principle- 5

Business should respect, protect and

make efforts to restore environment.

Principle- 6

Business should conduct and govern

themselves with ethics, transparency

and accountability.

Principle- 1

Business should provide goods and

services that are safe and contribute to

sustainability throughout their life cycle.

Principle- 2

Business should promote the wellbeing

of all employees.

Principle- 3

Business,

when

engaged

in

influencing public and regulatory

policy, should do so in a responsible

manner.

Principle- 7

Business should support inclusive

growth and equitable development.

Principle- 8

Business should engage with and

provide value to their customers and

consumers in a responsible manner.

Principle- 9

a.

Details of Compliance (Reply in Y/N)

S.

No.

Particulars

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

1.

Do you have a policy/policies for

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

2.

Has

the

policy

been

formulated

in

consultation

with

the

relevant

stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

3.

Does the policy conform to any national

/international standards? If yes, specify?

(50 words)

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

4.

Has the policy been approved by the

Board? If yes, has it been signed by MD/

owner/CEO/appropriate Board Director?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

5.

Does the company have a specified

committee of the Board/ Director/Official

to oversee the implementation of the

policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

6.

Indicate the link for the policy to be

viewed online?

https://www.tatacommunications.com/investors/

governance/

7.

Has

the

policy

been

formally

communicated to all relevant internal and

external stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

8.

Does the company have in-house structure

to implement the policy/policies.

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

9.

Does the Company have a grievance

redressal mechanism related to the policy/

policies to address stakeholders' grievances

related to the policy/policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

10.

Has the company carried out independent

audit/evaluation of the working of this

policy by an internal or external agency?

Y

Y

N

Y

N

Y

N

Y

N

If answer to the question at serial number 1 against

any principle, is 'No', please explain why: (Tick up to

2 options)

Not Applicable

3. Governance related to BR

•

Indicate the frequency with which the Board of

Directors, Committee of the Board or CEO meet

to assess the BR performance of the Company.

Within 3 months, 3-6 months, Annually, More

than 1 year

More than 1 year

•

Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability

Report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this

report? How frequently it is published?

Tata

Communications

is

committed

to

transparency in our communication with all our

stakeholders.

We

communicate

periodically

with our stakeholders through our Sustainable

Development Report which is prepared in

accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative

(‘GRI’) on an annual basis.

The Sustainable Development Report provides an

organisational overview, strategy, management

approach disclosure, performance indicators

and our initiatives for material topics. It can

be accessed on the Company’s website at the

following link:

https://www.tatacommunications.com/about/

sustainability/.

Section E: Principle-wise performance

Principle 1

1.

Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and

corruption cover only the company? Yes/No.

No:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 93283

Mumbai

Mumbai

KABIR AHMED SHAKIR

ZUBIN ADIL PATEL

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Mumbai

Mumbai

Mumbai

Date: 21 April 2022

Date: 21 April 2022

Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31 March 2022

See accompanying notes forming part of the financial statements

In terms of our report attached

For S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101049W/ E300004

PRASHANT SINGHAL

RENUKA RAMNATH

A. S. LAKSHMINARAYANAN

Partner

Chairperson: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 93283

Mumbai

Mumbai

KABIR AHMED SHAKIR

ZUBIN ADIL PATEL

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Mumbai

Mumbai

Mumbai

Date: 21 April 2022

Date: 21 April 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 93283

Mumbai

Mumbai

KABIR AHMED SHAKIR

ZUBIN ADIL PATEL

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Mumbai

Mumbai

Mumbai

Date: 21 April 2022

Date: 21 April 2022:

letter No. G-25015/6/86OC dated 27

March 1986, transferred all assets and liabilities of the

Overseas Communications Service (“OCS”) (part of

the Department of Telecommunications, Ministry of

Communications) as appearing in the Balance sheet

as at 31 March 1986 to the Company with effect from

1 April 1986. During the financial year 2007-08, the

Company changed its name from Videsh Sanchar

Nigam Limited to Tata Communications Limited and

the fresh certificate of incorporation consequent

upon the change of name was issued by the Registrar

of Companies, Mumbai, Maharashtra on 28 January

2008.

The Company is domiciled in India and its registered

office is at VSB, Mahatma Gandhi Road, Fort, Mumbai

– 400 001. The Company’s equity and debt are listed

on recognised stock exchanges in India.

The Company offers international and national voice

and data transmission services, selling and leasing

of bandwidth on undersea cable systems, internet

connectivity services and other value-added services

comprising telepresence, managed hosting, mobile

global roaming and signalling services, transponder

lease, television uplinking and other related services.

The Company also undertakes leasing, letting out,

licensing or developing immovable properties to earn

income of any nature including inter-alia rental, lease,

license income, etc from immovable properties of the

Company including land and buildings.

2. Significant accounting policies

a.

Statement of compliance

These financial statements have been prepared

in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards

(‘Ind AS’) notified under the Companies (Indian

Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended

from time to time).

b. Basis of preparation of financial statements

The financial statements have been prepared on a

historical cost basis, except for the following assets

and liabilities which have been measured at fair value:

•

Derivative financial instruments,

•

Certain financial assets and liabilities measured

at fair value (refer note 2 (o)).

The accounting policies adopted for preparation

and presentation of financial statements have been

consistently applied. All assets and liabilities have

been classified as current and non-current as per the

Company’s normal operating cycle.

The financial statements are presented in Indian

Rupees (“INR”) and all values are rounded to the

nearest crores (INR 00,00,000), except when

otherwise indicated.

c.

Significant accounting judgements, estimates and

assumptions

The preparation of these financial statements in

conformity with recognition and measurement

principles of Ind AS requires the management of

the Company to make judgements, estimates and

assumptions that affect the reported balances

of assets and liabilities, disclosures relating to

contingent liability as at the date of the financial

statements and the reported amounts of income and

expenses for the periods presented.

Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed

on an ongoing basis. Revision to accounting estimates

are recognised in the period in which the estimates

are revised and future periods are affected.

i.

Judgements

In the process of applying the Company’s

accounting policies, the management has made

the following judgements, which have the most

significant effect on the amounts recognised in

the financial statements:

Operating lease commitments – Company as

lessor

The Company has entered into property leases

(‘the leases’) on its investment property portfolio.

The Company has determined the accounting of

the leases as operating lease on its Investment

property portfolio, based on an evaluation of the

terms and conditions of the arrangements, such

as the lease term not constituting a major part of

the economic life of the commercial property, the

fair value of the asset and the fact that it retains

all the significant risks and rewards of ownership

of these properties.

ii.

Estimates and assumptions

The key assumptions concerning the future and

other key sources of estimation uncertainty at

the reporting date, that have a significant risk

of causing a material adjustment to the carrying

amounts of assets and liabilities within the

next financial year, are described below. The

Company based its assumptions and estimates

on parameters available when the financial

statements were prepared. Existing circumstances

and assumptions about future developments,

however, may change due to market changes or

circumstances arising that are beyond the control

of the Company. Such changes are reflected in the

assumptions when they occur.

Defined benefit plans

The cost of the defined benefit gratuity plan

and other post-employment benefits and the

present value of such obligations are determined

using actuarial valuations. An actuarial valuation

involves making various assumptions that may

differ from actual developments in the future.

These include the determination of the discount

rate, future salary increases and mortality rates.

Due to the complexities involved in the valuation

and its long-term nature, a defined benefit

obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these

assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at

each reporting date.

Useful lives of property plant and equipment,

investment property and intangible assets

The Company reviews the useful lives of property

plant and equipment, investment property and

intangible assets at the end of each reporting

period. This re-assessment may result in change

in depreciation and / or amortisation expense in

future periods.

Fair value measurement of financial instruments

When the fair value of financial assets and

financial liabilities recorded in the balance

sheet cannot be measured based on quoted

prices in active markets, their fair values are

measured using valuation techniques including

the Discounted Cash Flow model. The inputs to

these models are taken from observable markets

where possible, but where this is not feasible, a

degree of judgement is required in establishing

fair values. Judgements include considerations

of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and

volatility. Changes in assumptions about these

factors could affect the reported fair value of

financial instruments.

Provision for decommissioning of assets

Provision for decommissioning of assets relates

to the costs associated with the removal of

long-lived assets when they will be retired. The

Company records a liability at the estimated

current fair value of the costs associated with

the removal obligations, discounted at present

value using risk-free rate of return. The liability

for decommissioning of assets is capitalised by

increasing the carrying amount of the related

asset and is depreciated over its useful life.

The estimated removal liabilities are based on

historical cost information, industry factors and

engineering estimates.

Impairment of investments in subsidiaries and

associates

The carrying values of the investments are reviewed

for impairment at each balance sheet date or

earlier, if any indication of impairment exists. The

Company’s telecom business layout and asset

structure of its India and International operations

are integrated for delivering products and services

to its customers in all jurisdictions. For the purpose

of impairment testing, the Company prepares and

analyses its business units, on detailed budgets

and forecast calculations, which are prepared in an

integrated way across all jurisdictions.

Deferred Taxes

Assessment of the appropriate amount and

classification of income taxes is dependent on

several factors, including estimates of the timing

and probability of realisation of deferred income

taxes and the timing of income tax payments.

Deferred income taxes are provided for the effect

of temporary differences between the amounts:

letter of comfort fees receivable from subsidiaries -

Unsecured, considered good (refer i below)

65.37

25.71

c.

Other advances/ receivables

Related parties – Unsecured, considered good

-

14.25

Unsecured, considered good

2.80

8.28

Unsecured, considered doubtful

1.97

1.97

Less: allowance for doubtful advances/ receivables

(1.97)

(1.97)

2.80

22.53

(H in crores)

Particulars

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March, 2021

A.

Non – current

a.

Unsecured, Considered good

Related parties

79.46

-

Sub-total (A)

79.46

-

B.

Current

a.

Unsecured, Considered good

Related parties

1,114.15

-

Sub-total (B)

1,114.15

-

Total (A) + (B)

1,193.61

-

i.

The Company has given loans to its subsidiaries for meeting the working capital requirements and credit facility

repayments.

12. Other financial assets

12. Other financial assets (Contd..)

(H in crores)

Particulars

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March 2021

d.

Amount due from related parties - Unsecured, considered good

48.91

58.94

e.

Advance to employees - Unsecured, considered good

-

0.01

f. Interest receivable - Unsecured, considered good

0.54

1.08

g.

Fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts

10.35

-

Sub-total (B)

150.26

126.25

Total (A) + (B)

287.56

275.31

i.

The Company has issued corporate guarantees for the loans and credit facility arrangements in respect of various

subsidiaries.

ii.

As at 31 March 2022, the proportionate share of pension obligations and payments of H 61.15 crores (31 March 2021:

H 61.15 crores) to the erstwhile OCS employees was recoverable from the Government of India (the “Government”).

Pursuant to discussion with the Government, the Company had made a provision of H 53.71 crores (31 March 2021: H

53.71 crores) resulting in a net amount due from the Government towards its share of pension obligations of H 7.44

crores (31 March 2021: H 7.44 crores).

13. Deferred tax assets (net)

Major components of deferred tax asset and liability consist of the following

(H in crores)

Particulars

As at

1 April 2021

Recognised

in Statement

of Profit and

Loss

Recognised

in Reserves

and Surplus

Recognised

in Other

Comprehensive

Income

As at

31 March 2022

Deferred tax assets arising out

of timing differences on:

Provision for doubtful trade

receivables

94.27

(5.05)

-

-

89.22

Provision for employee benefits

20.60

(4.23)

-

2.74

19.11

Expenditure disallowed u/s. 40 (a)

& (ia) of the Income Tax Act, 1961

27.70

(13.52)

-

-

14.18

Interest received on provisional

income-tax assessment

10.58

6.27

-

-

16.85

Accrued expenditure

113.64

1.36

-

-

115.00

Difference between accounting

and tax depreciation /

amortization

39.74

(2.62)

-

-

37.12

Others

29.71

(2.21)

-

-

27.50

Deferred tax assets

336.24

(20.00)

-

2.74

318.98:

letter of comfort income from subsidiaries (refer ii below)

68.68

31.51

i.

Shared service fees from subsidiaries/ associates

60.12

64.43

j.

Others

22.90

5.85

558.49

274.56:

letter of comfort fees to its subsidiaries.

Accordingly, other income and tax expense (including interest) for the year includes an amount of H 31.86 crores

and H 23.95 crores respectively, for the previous years.

27. Network and transmission

26. Other income (Contd..)

(H in crores)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

a.

Charges for use of transmission facilities

1,802.65

1,787.15

b.

Royalty and licence fee to Department of Telecommunications

363.83

213.84

c.

Rent of landlines and satellite channels

72.13

50.02

2,238.61

2,051.01

(H in crores)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

a.

Salaries and related costs

1,165.03

1,009.11

b.

Contributions to provident and other funds (refer note 38)

68.56

52.10

c.

Staff welfare expenses

45.63

43.40

1,279.22

1,104.61

Charges for use of transmission facilities include cost of certain equipment ancillary to Data and Managed Services

(‘DMS’) of H 139.09 crores (2020 – 2021: H 108.04 crores) which is as per contracts with customers.

28. Employee benefits

29. Operating and other expenses

(H in crores)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

a.

Consumption of stores

0.04

0.19

b.

Light and power (net of reimbursements of H 233.19 crores (2020 –

2021 H 223.65 crores)

102.89

100.57

c.

Repairs and maintenance

i.

Buildings

35.02

24.00

ii. Plant and machinery

500.09

481.29

iii. Others

0.04

0.14

d.

Bad debts written off

4.67

1.75

e.

Allowance for doubtful trade receivables (net)

(21.18)

35.71

f.

Allowance for doubtful advances

1.10

1.15

g.

Rent

15.88

11.43

h.

Rates and taxes

9.31

37.45

i.

Travelling

6.00

(0.47)

j.

Telephone

8.09

5.87

29. Operating and other expenses (Contd..)

(H in crores)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

k.

Printing, postage and stationery

1.18

0.65

l.

Legal and professional fees

45.89

10.59

m.

Advertising and publicity

42.41

36.26

n.

Commission

29.74

28.18

o.

Services rendered by agencies

217.88

202.25

p.

Insurance

12.95

11.01

q.

Corporate social responsibility expenditure (Refer i below)

11.84

9.22

r.

Other expenses (refer note 39)

89.90

88.92

1,113.74

1,086.16

(H in crores)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

1

Amount required to be spent by the company during the year

11.84

9.17

2

Amount spent on

(i) Construction / acquisition of any asset

0.36

0.20

(ii) On purposes other than (i) above

9.91

9.02

3

Shortfall at the end of the year provided for

1.57

-

4

Total of previous years shortfall

-

-

5

Unspent amount in relation to ongoing project

1.57

-

6

Reason for shortfall

Pertains to

ongoing projects

NA

7

Nature of CSR activities

Mainly for

sustainable

livelihoods,

environmental

sustainability,

promotion of

education, health

care, etc

Mainly for

promotion of

education, social

business projects,

COVID 19 relief

work, etc

8

Details of related party transactions in relation to CSR

expenditure as per relevant Accounting Standard

0.03

-

The expenses above are net off accrual no longer required written back in the respective expense line item

i.

Disclosure in respect of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) expenditure:

As required by the relevant rules, the Company has deposited the unspent amount in a specified bank account

subsequent to the year end.:

Managing Director of the Company together constitute the Chief Operating Decision

Makers (“CODM”) which allocate resources to and assess the performance of the segments of the Company. The

Company’s reportable segments are Voice Solutions (“VS”), Data and Managed Services (“DMS”) and Real Estate

(“RE”). The composition of the reportable segments is as follows:

Voice Solutions (VS)

VS includes international and national long distance voice services.

Data and Managed Services (DMS)

DMS includes corporate data transmission services, virtual private network signalling and roaming services,

television and other network and managed services.

Real Estate (RE)

Real Estate includes lease rentals for premises given on lease and does not include premises held for capital

appreciation.

(H in crores)

Particulars

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2021

VS

DMS

RE

Total

VS

DMS

RE

Total

a. Segment revenues and results

Revenue from operations

90.12 6,309.83

187.40

6,587.35

166.02 5,890.43

168.87

6,225.32

Segment results

(190.02)

1,106.74

122.92

1,039.64

(267.38)

1,168.27

109.76

1,010.65

Finance cost

88.59

106.73

Unallocable expense/ (income)

(net)

(569.27)

(325.38)

Profit/ (Loss) before tax

1,520.32

1,229.30

Tax expense (net)

353.00

266.64

Profit/ (Loss) for the year

1,167.32

962.66

(H in crores)

Particulars

As at 31 March 2022

As at 31 March 2021

VS

DMS

RE

Total

VS

DMS

RE

Total

b. Segment assets and

liabilities

Segment assets

71.11

6,390.27

433.91

6,895.29

100.93

6,083.08

421.03

6,605.04

Unallocable assets

7,825.15

7,592.65

Total assets

14,720.44

14,197.69

Segment liabilities

124.51

3,270.61

95.17

3,490.29

147.18

3,394.69

85.65

3,627.52

Unallocated liabilities

1,427.52

1,503.64

Total liabilities

4,917.81

5,131.16

(H in crores)

Particulars

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2021

VS

DMS

RE

Total

VS

DMS

RE

Total

c.

Other segment information:

Capital expenditure (allocable)

(refer ii below)

6.75

898.94

107.53

1,013.22

8.08

797.33

-

805.41

Depreciation and amortisation

(allocable)

7.47

900.92

7.75

916.14

10.57

956.32

6.00

972.89

Non-cash expenses other than

depreciation and amortization

(1.63)

(15.74)

-

(17.37)

2.05

49.57

0.34

51.96

41. Segment reporting (Contd..)

i.

Revenues and network and transmission costs are directly attributable to the segments. Network and

transmission costs are allocated based on utilisation of network capacity. License fees for VS and DMS have

been allocated based on adjusted gross revenues from these services. Depreciation and certain other costs

have been allocated to the segments based on various allocation parameters. Segment result is segment

revenues less segment expenses. Other income and exceptional items have been considered as “Unallocable”.

ii. For the year ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021, capital expenditure includes H 22.83 crores and H 15.70

crores respectively towards right of use assets.

d. Geographical information

The revenues from operation have been allocated to countries based on location of the customers as shown below:

(H in crores)

Segment revenues by geographical market

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

India

6,055.34

5,701.30

United States of America

177.81

186.05

United Kingdom

41.93

31.65

Netherlands

14.58

10.50

Others

297.69

295.82

6,587.35

6,225.32

All of the segment assets are located in India or in International territorial waters and therefore no further information

by location of assets has been provided here.

The Company applies Residual Profit Split Method for recording transactions pertaining to International

Telecommunications Services under its Transfer Pricing Policy. This policy governs the majority of the transactions

between the Company and its international subsidiaries.

e.

Information about major customers

i.

DMS

No single customer contributed 10% or more to DMS revenue for years ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021

respectively.:

Managing Director and CEO

46. Related party transactions (Contd..)

i.

Names of related parties and nature of relationship (Contd..):

letter of comfort fees

-

-

68.68

-

-

-

68.68

-

-

31.51

-

-

-

31.51

Managerial

remuneration$

-

-

-

16.05

-

-

16.05

-

-

-

15.59

-

-

15.59

Purchase of current

investments

-

460.13

-

-

-

-

460.13

-

872.37

-

-

-

-

872.37

Redemption of current

investments

-

437.35

-

-

-

-

437.35

-

879.34

-

-

-

-

879.34

Contribution to gratuity

trust

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

19.55

19.55

Contribution to provident fund trust:

Letter of comfort on behalf of subsidiaries

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,456.32

-

-

-

1,456.32

Lease liabilities – current

-

1.14

-

-

-

-

1.14

-

0.84

-

-

-

-

0.84

Lease liabilities – non-current

-

4.21

-

-

-

-

4.21

-

1.11

-

-

-

-

1.11

Provisions

-

-

-

0.41

-

-

0.41

-

-

-

0.30

-

-

0.30

Loans – non-current

-

-

79.46

-

-

-

79.46

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Loans – current

-

-

1,114.15

-

-

-

1,114.15

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

46. Related party transactions (Contd..)

ii.

Summary of transactions and balances with related parties (Contd..)

@ represents balance of amounts less than H 50,000

Previous year figures are in italics:

letter to its subsidiaries stating its intent to support them as and when required over the

next 12 to 24 months for preparing their financials on a going concern basis.

Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties

The sales to and purchases from related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length

transactions. For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Company has not recorded any impairment of receivables

relating to amounts owed by related parties (31 March 2021: H Nil).

47. Operating lease arrangements

a.

As lessee

The Company has lease contracts for immovable properties across various locations used in its operations. Such

leases generally have lease terms between 1 to 80 years. Generally, the Company is restricted from assigning and

subleasing the leased assets. There are several lease contracts that include extension and termination options and

variable lease payments.

The Company also has certain leases with lease terms of 12 months or less.

The following is the break-up of current and non-current lease liabilities

46. Related party transactions (Contd..)

ii.

Summary of transactions and balances with related parties (Contd..)

(H in crores)

Particulars

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March, 2021

Current liability

46.64

48.36

Non current liability

363.04

402.53

Balances

409.68

450.89

The following is the movement in lease liabilities during the year ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021

(H in crores)

Particulars

Amount

Balance as of 1 April 2020

465.96

Additions

15.80

Finance cost accrued during the year

38.63

Payment/ Reversal of lease liabilities

(68.95)

Liabilities settled against leased assets terminated

(0.55)

Balance as at 31 March 2021

450.89

Additions

22.65

Finance cost accrued during the year

35.51

Payment/ Reversal of lease liabilities

(81.60)

Liabilities settled against leased assets terminated

(17.77)

Balance as at 31 March 2022

409.68

47. Operating lease arrangements (Contd..)

a.

As lessee (Contd..)

(H in crores)

Particulars

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March, 2021

Due not later than one year

78.61

83.67

Due later than one year but not later than five years

281.92

283.68

Later than five years

191.58

259.30

552.11

626.65

The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of lease liabilities as at 31 March 2022 and 31

March 2021 on an undiscounted basis:

The Company does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities as the current assets are

sufficient to meet the obligations related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due.

b. As lessor

i.

In case of certain operating lease agreements relating to dark fiber contracts aggregating H 98.70 crores (31 March

2021: H 98.70 crores) as at 31 March 2022, the gross block, accumulated depreciation and depreciation expense of

the assets given on an IRU basis cannot be identified as these assets are not exclusively leased. The lease rentals

associated with such IRU arrangements for the year ended 31 March 2022 amount to H 4.98 crores (2020 - 2021: H

5.62 crores).

Future lease rental receipts will be recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss of subsequent years as follows:

(H in crores)

Particulars

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March, 2021

Due not later than one year

4.31

5.62

Due later than one year but not later than five years

15.61

15.96

Later than five years

4.96

8.29

24.88

29.87

(H in crores)

Particulars

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March, 2021

Not later than one year

37.52

39.29

Later than one year but not later than five years

122.07

128.58

Later than five years

150.92

180.10

310.51

347.97

ii.

The Company has leased certain premises under non-cancellable operating lease arrangements to its wholly

owned subsidiaries and associates. Future lease rental income in respect of these leases will be recognised in the

Statement of Profit and Loss of subsequent years as follows:

Lease rental income of H 39.77 crores (2020 - 2021: H 40.17 crores) in respect of the above leases has been recognised

in the Statement of Profit and Loss for the current year.:

letter

dated 20 February 2014 extended the validity of the said license for 3 months with condition that entire ISP

revenue will be subject to license fees. This conditional extension by DoT, was challenged by the Company in

TDSAT and on 18 October 2019 the Company’s petition has been allowed by TDSAT. DoT has filed an appeal

in Hon’ble Supreme Court, against the said order, but no stay has been granted by the Hon’ble Supreme

Court and appeal is yet to be heard. The Company has continued to disclose an amount of H 1,287.15 crores (31

March 2021: H 1,120.43 crores) including interest under contingent liabilities. In the current year, the Company

has signed UL-ISP License on 6 August 2021 and is duly paying the license fees thereunder.

iv. Other claims of H 290.41 crores (31 March 2021: H 195.59 crores) mainly pertain to routine suits for collection,

commercial disputes, claims from customers and/or suppliers, BSNL port charges and claim from Employee

State Insurance Corporation.

3. During the earlier years, the Company and its two directors and an ex-employee had received show cause

notices (SCNs) from Directorate of Enforcement, Ministry of Finance on alleged violation of the rules and

regulations under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999. The contravention amount involved in all these

notices is H 593 crores. The liability could extend up to three times the amount quantified as contravention. The

Company had provided H 4.50 crores as compounding penalty, based on a legal opinion. During the previous

year, Ministry of Information and Broadcasting approval was received and based on the same the Company had

filed its application with RBI for compounding of charges. The Company and the named individuals in the SCNs

filed their replies to the SCNs refuting the allegations made therein and without prejudice to their contentions

and claims filed compounding applications with the RBI. RBI vide its separate orders dated 18 October 2019,

had disposed off the compounding applications and had compounded the contravention subject of payment

of H 1.48 crores by the Company and H 0.14 crores each by the individuals. The Company had made the payment

on its behalf and also on behalf of the individuals. Thereafter, the Company and named individuals have also

filed their representation with ED requesting for the closure of the proceedings.

Based on the management assessment and legal advice (wherever taken), the Company believes that the

above claims are not probable and would not result in outflow of resources embodying economic benefits.:

letter of comfort fees from subsidiaries for credit facility

agreements/ derivatives contracts. As at 31 March 2021, the Company had issued Letters of comfort for the

credit facility agreements/ derivatives contracts in respect of various subsidiaries (other than guarantees):

48. Contingent liabilities and commitments:

(H in crores)

Name of the Subsidiary

As at

31 March, 2021

Tata Communications Transformation Services Ltd

245.00

Tata Communications (Netherlands) B.V.

877.32

Tata Communications Payment Solutions Limited (TCPSL)

324.00

Tata Communications Collaboration Services Private Limited

10.00

Total

1,456.32

(H in crores)

Name of the Subsidiary

As at

31 March, 2021

Tata Communications Transformation Services Ltd

93.12

Tata Communications (Netherlands) B.V.

12.95

Tata Communications Payment Solutions Limited (TCPSL)

239.66

Total

1,210.10

The Company has given undertaking to the lenders/ derivative counterparts of above subsidiaries that it

shall not reduce its ownership below 51% without their consent.

Letters of comfort utilised are as follows:

2.

The Company has committed loan facility to wholly owned subsidiaries to the tune of H 3,281.02 crores (31

March 2021: H 4,215.50 crores) as at 31 March 2022, utilisation of which is subject to future requirements

and appropriate approval processes from time to time.

49. Dividend remitted to non-resident shareholders

The Company has not remitted any amount in foreign currencies on account of dividend during the year. The

particulars of final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020 paid to non – resident shareholders

are as under:

(H in crores)

Particulars

During the year

31 March 2022

During the year

31 March 2021

Number of non – resident shareholders

2,257

1,450

Number of shares held by them

69,378,890

50,649,864

Year to which the dividend relates

2020-2021

2019-2020

Amount remitted (net of tax)

77.26

15.97

50. Micro and small enterprises

Dues to micro and small enterprises have been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the

basis of information collected by the management:

(H in crores)

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

a.

Principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end

of the accounting year

3.06

13.04

b.

Interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the

end of the accounting year

@

0.02

c.

The amount of interest paid along with the amounts of the

payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day

83.01

58.05

d.

The amount of interest due and payable for the year

@

0.02

e.

The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end

of the accounting year

@

0.02

f.

The amount of further interest due and payable even in the

succeeding year, until such date when the interest dues as above

are actually paid

-

-

g.

Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises

3.07

13.06

@ represents amounts less than H 50,000

51. Struck off companies

(H in crores)

Name of struck off Company

Nature of

transactions

with struck off

companies

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March 2021

24 Centric It Services Private Limited

Receivables

@

-

3 Business Services Private Limited

Receivables

@

-

360 Vantage Software Technology Private Limited

Receivables

@

-

3Segment Technologies Private Limited

Receivables

@

-

5Y Software Technologies Private Limited

Receivables

@

-

A And M Communications Private Limited

Receivables

0.01

0.01

A. N. It Solution Private Limited

Payables

0.02

0.02

A.C.S.(India) Limited

Receivables

@

-

Aa Acme Jet Technologies Private Limited

Payables

@

-

Aaditya Technosoft Private Limited

Receivables

@

-

Aadya Commodities Private Limited

Receivables

@

-

Aaegis Outsourced Consultants Private Limited

Receivables

@

-

Aagna Global Solutions Private Limited

Receivables

0.06

0.06

Aark Twelve Technocrats Private Limited

Receivables

@

-

Aarzoo Business Concepts Private Limited

Payables

@

-

Aasra Infratech Private Limited

Payables

@

-

Aayuja Technologies India Private Limited

Receivables

0.01

0.01

Ab E-Techno Services Private Limited

Receivables

0.03

0.03

Ab Softsource Private Limited

Receivables

0.01

-

Abhisyanta Solutions Private Limited

Receivables

@

-

Ablaze Technology Solutions Private Limited

Receivables

@

@

Absolute Bpo Private Limited

Receivables

0.01

0.01

Absolut-E Data Com Private Limited

Receivables

@

-:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 93283

Mumbai

Mumbai

KABIR AHMED SHAKIR

ZUBIN ADIL PATEL

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Mumbai

Mumbai

Mumbai

Date: 21 April 2022

Date: 21 April 2022

335

Financial Statements

Integrated Report 2021-22

Independent Auditor’s Report

To the Members of Tata Communications Limited

Report on the Audit of the Consolidated

Financial Statements

Opinion

We have audited the accompanying consolidated

financial statements of Tata Communications Limited

(hereinafter referred to as the “Holding Company”), its

subsidiaries (the Holding Company and its subsidiaries

together referred to as the “Group”) and its associates

comprising of the consolidated Balance sheet as at March

31 2022, the consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss,

including other comprehensive loss, the consolidated

Cash Flow Statement and the consolidated Statement

of Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and notes

to the consolidated financial statements, including a

summary of significant accounting policies and other

explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “the

consolidated financial statements”).

In our opinion and to the best of our information and

according to the explanations given to us and based on

the other financial information of the subsidiaries and

associates , the aforesaid consolidated financial statements

give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013,

as amended (the “Act”) in the manner so required and

give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting

principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated

state of affairs of the Group and its associates as at

March 31, 2022, their consolidated profit including other

comprehensive loss, their consolidated cash flows and the

consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year

ended on that date.

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial

statements in accordance with the Standards on

Auditing (SAs), as specified under section 143(10) of

the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are

further described in the ‘Auditor’s Responsibilities for the

Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements’ section

of our report. We are independent of the Group and

its associates in accordance with the ‘Code of Ethics’

issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India

together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to

our audit of the financial statements under the provisions

of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled

our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with

these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe

that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and

appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on

the consolidated financial statements.

Emphasis of Matter paragraph

i.

As fully discussed in note 51a(III) to the consolidated

financial statements for the year ended March

31, 2022, the Company had received demands

dated September 12, 2019 from Department of

Telecommunications (DoT) towards license fee on

its Adjusted Gross Revenue (AGR) for FY 2006-07

to 2017-18, for Rs 6,633 crores. Of this amount, the

Company has provided Rs 337 crores with respect

to the demand of Rs 5,434 crores and believes that

the likelihood of the balance demand Rs 5,097 crores

materializing is remote. Further, the Company has

disclosed the demand of Rs 1,200 crores as part of

contingent liability. Also, pending clarification on

the new AGR definition from the DOT, the Company

has considered its non-Licensed services outside

the purview of the revised AGR definition effective

October 1, 2021. The Company believes that it has

grounds to defend its above positions and has also

obtained independent legal opinions in this regard.

ii.

We draw attention to note 51a(II) to the consolidated

financial statements for the year ended March 31,

2022 which describes the uncertainty related to

the outcome of the ongoing tax litigation of Rs 283

crores, in one of the subsidiaries of the Group. The

Group is confident of defending its position and has

obtained legal opinion in this regard.

Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters.

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional

judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the

consolidated financial statements for the financial year

ended March 31, 2022. These matters were addressed

in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial

statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,

and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

For each matter below, our description of how our audit

addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have determined the matters described below to be

the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.:

Managing Director & CEO

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

PRASHANT SINGHAL

KABIR AHMED SHAKIR

ZUBIN ADIL PATEL

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 93283

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

DATED: 21 April 2022

DATED: 21 April 2022

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Consolidated Balance Sheet

as at 31 March, 2022

(H in crores)

Particulars

Note

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March 2021

A

ASSETS

(1) Non - current assets

(a) Property, plant and equipment

3

7,768.61

8,209.78

(b) Capital work-in-progress

4

778.68

394.46

(c) Right-of-use assets

50A

1,148.76

1,333.67

(d) Investment property

5

376.47

276.94

(e) Investment property under development

6

19.85

116.21

(f) Goodwill

7

108.28

110.33

(g) Other intangible assets

8

1,514.23

1,472.68

(h) Intangible assets under development

9

73.78

98.46

(i)

Financial assets

(i)

Investments

(a) Investments in associates

10

895.10

718.69

(b) Other investments

11A

237.33

232.24

(ii) Other financial assets

12A

126.02

126.78

(j)

Deferred tax assets (Net)

21

217.27

310.23

(k) Non current tax asset

51(a)(I)(v)

1,369.52

1,888.71

(l)

Other non-current assets

13A

164.29

207.09

Total non - current assets

14,798.19

15,496.27

(2) Current assets

(a) Inventories

37.88

34.44

(b) Financial assets

(i)

Other investments

11B

432.80

1,282.43

(ii) Trade receivables

14

2,582.13

2,607.68

(iii) Cash and cash equivalent

15

696.86

817.85

(iv)

Bank balance other than (iii) above

16

46.53

109.25

(v) Other financial assets

12B

105.98

109.03

(c) Other current assets

13B

815.32

746.22

4,717.50

5,706.90

Assets classified as held for sale

17

152.28

130.24

Total current assets

4,869.78

5,837.14

TOTAL ASSETS

19,667.97

21,333.41

B

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

(1) Equity

(a) Equity share capital

18

285.00

285.00

(b) Other equity

19

642.59

(169.54)

Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent

927.59

115.46

Non-controlling interests

28.49

28.17

Total Equity

956.08

143.63

(2) Liabilities

(i)

Non-current liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities

(i)

Borrowings

20A

5,990.92

8,886.39

(ia) Lease liabilities

50A

955.72

1,153.06

(ii) Other financial liabilities

23A

49.18

8.79

(b) Provisions

24A

645.36

547.52

(c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net)

21

30.46

27.84

(d) Other non-current liabilities

25A

2,609.60

2,799.61

Total non-current liabilities

10,281.24

13,423.21

(ii) Current liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities

(i)

Borrowings

20B

1,905.87

1,072.07

(ia) Lease liabilities

50A

269.03

282.08

(ii) Trade payables

22

3,006.46

3,239.47

(iii) Other financial liabilities

23B

717.76

690.26

(b) Provisions

24B

121.28

140.57

(c) Current tax liabilities (Net)

486.60

490.81

(d) Other current Liabilities

25B

1,919.13

1,846.82

8,426.13

7,762.08

(e) liabilities relating to assets held for sale

4.52

4.49

Total current liabilities

8,430.65

7,766.57

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

19,667.97

21,333.41

See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

In terms of our report attached

For S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP

Chartered Accountants

RENUKA RAMNATH

A. S. LAKSHMINARAYANAN

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101049W/ E300004

Chairperson: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

PRASHANT SINGHAL

KABIR AHMED SHAKIR

ZUBIN ADIL PATEL

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 93283

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

DATED: 21 April 2022

DATED: 21 April 2022

(H in crores)

Particulars

For the year ended

31 March 2022

For the year ended

31 March 2021

1

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Profit from operations before tax and share of profit/(loss) of

associates for the year

1,999.98

1,608.55

Adjustments for:

Depreciation and amortisation expenses

2,204.54

2,313.87

Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment and assets (net)

(4.33)

(42.27)

Gain on disposal of assets held for sale (exceptional item, advance

received in previous period)

-

(67.38)

Gain on modification/ termination of lease

(3.59)

(31.94)

Interest income on financial assets carried at amortised cost

(6.45)

(11.53)

Finance cost

360.25

420.20

Bad debts written off

23.12

47.33

Allowance for trade receivables

(10.56)

20.02

Provision for inventories and CWIP

2.71

15.09

Allowance for doubtful advances

0.52

0.29

Gain on investments carried at fair value through profit or loss (net)

(29.42)

(44.54)

Dividend from investments at fair value through OCI

-

(20.93)

Exchange fluctuation

(16.48)

22.10

OPERATING PROFIT BEFORE WORKING CAPITAL CHANGES

4,520.29

4,228.86

Adjustment for (increase)/decrease in operating assets

Inventories

(5.41)

31.51

Trade receivables

52.67

515.76

Other assets

(23.18)

70.20

Adjustment for increase/(decrease) in operating liabilities

Trade payables

(296.70)

(554.67)

Other liabilties

(160.10)

(553.58)

Provisions

(39.07)

(25.85)

Adjustment of translation differences on working capital

66.63

(35.98)

Cash generated from operations before tax

4,115.13

3,676.25

Income tax refund/(paid) (net)

88.69

(496.42)

NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

4,203.82

3,179.83

2

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Payment to purchase of property, plant and Equipment and

intangible assets

(1,656.44)

(1,363.63)

Advance received towards assets held for sale

-

9.11

Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and Equipment and

intangible assets

6.20

11.36

Proceeds from disposal of asset held for sale

3.44

0.41

Purchase of investments in associates

(169.59)

(34.31)

Purchase of non-current investments

(29.56)

(29.25)

Dividend income from investments at fair value through OCI

-

20.93

Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiary

-

(1.58)

Purchase of current investments

(6,071.27)

(6,389.26)

Proceeds from sale of current investments

6,950.32

5,813.14

Fixed deposits liquidated/(placed)

65.04

(50.96)

Earmarked funds

(0.22)

(0.98)

Interest received

7.11

10.42

NET CASH (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES

(894.97)

(2,004.60)

3

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from Short-term borrowings

1,098.61

2,929.55

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

for the year ended 31 March, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

PRASHANT SINGHAL

KABIR AHMED SHAKIR

ZUBIN ADIL PATEL

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 93283

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

DATED: 21 April 2022

DATED: 21 April 2022

*Pertains to non controlling shareholders in OASIS Smart SIM Europe SAS, SEPCO Communications (Pty) Limited, Tata Communications Lanka Limited (refer note 44)

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity as at 31 March 2022

Equity Share Capital

(H in crores)

Particulars

Balance as at

1 April 2020

Changes during the

year

Balance as at

31 March 2021

Changes during the

period

Balance as at

31 March 2022

Amount (H in crores)

285.00

-

285.00

-

285.00

No.of Shares

28,50,00,000

-

28,50,00,000

-

28,50,00,000

Other Equity

(H in crores)

Particulars

Capital

reserve

Security

premium

General

reserve

Retained

earning

Items of other comprehensive income

Attributable

to owners of

the parent

Non-

controlling

interests*

Total

other

equity

Remeasurements

of the defined

benefit plans

Equity

instrument

through other

comprehensive

income

Effective

portion

of cash

flow

hedge

Foreign

exchange/

currency

translation

reserve

Balance as at 31 March

2020

206.06

725.01 5,394.56 (5,251.31)

(9.69)

(888.11)

(55.48) (1,684.40)

(1,563.36)

4.75 (1,558.61)

Profit for the year

1,250.63

1,250.63

0.89

1,251.52

Other comprehensive

income/(loss) (net of tax)

-

1.83

(5.41)

32.71

228.06

257.19

-

257.19

Total comprehensive

income/(loss)

-

-

- 1,250.63

1.83

(5.41)

32.71

228.06

1,507.82

0.89 1,508.71

Non controlling interest on

acquisition of subsidiary

23.71

23.71

Translation impact of non-

controlling interests

0.03

0.03

Dividend paid

(114.00)

(114.00)

(1.21)

(115.21)

Balance as at 31 March 2021 206.06

725.01 5,394.56 (4,114.68)

(7.86)

(893.52)

(22.77) (1,456.34)

(169.54)

28.17

(141.37):

letter No. G-25015/6/86OC dated 27

March 1986, transferred all assets and liabilities of the

Overseas Communications Service (“OCS”) (part of

the Department of Telecommunications, Ministry of

Communications) as appearing in the Balance sheet as

at 31 March 1986 to the Company with effect from 1 April

1986. During the financial year 2007-08, the Company

changed its name from Videsh Sanchar Nigam Limited

to Tata Communications Limited and the fresh certificate

of incorporation consequent upon the change of name

was issued by the Registrar of Companies, Mumbai

Maharashtra on 28 January 2008.

The Company is domiciled in India and its registered

office is at VSB, Mahatma Gandhi Road, Fort, Mumbai –

400 001. The Company’s equity and debt are listed on

recognised stock exchanges in India.

Tata Communications Limited and its subsidiaries

(collectively “the Group”) offers international and

national voice and data transmission services, selling and

leasing of bandwidth on undersea cable systems, internet

connectivity services and other value-added services

comprising unified conferencing and collaboration

services, managed hosting, mobile global roaming and

signalling services, transponder lease, television uplinking

and other managed services, set up, own and operate

white label Automated Teller Machines (“ATMs”), brown

label ATMs, data center colocation services, network

management and support and other related services. The

Group also undertakes leasing, letting out, licensing or

developing immovable properties to earn income of any

nature including inter-alia rental, lease, license income,

etc. from immovable properties of the Group including

land and buildings.

2. Significant accounting policies

a.

Statement of compliance

The consolidated financial statements of the Group

have been prepared in accordance with Indian

Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under the

Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules,

2015 (as amended from time to time).

b. Basis of preparation of consolidated financial

statements

The consolidated financial statements have been

prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the

following assets and liabilities which have been

measured at fair value:

i.

Derivative financial instruments,

ii.

Certain financial assets and liabilities measured

at fair value (Refer accounting policy regarding

financial instruments).

The accounting policies adopted for preparation

and presentation of financial statements have been

consistently applied. All assets and liabilities have

been classified as current and non-current as per the

Group’s normal operating cycle.

The consolidated financial statements are presented

in Indian Rupees (INR) and all values are rounded to

the nearest crores (INR 00,00,000), except when

otherwise indicated.

c.

Going concern

The financial statements of the Group have been

prepared on a going concern basis. The consolidated

financial statements have been prepared as a going

concern basis including considering continuing

financial support to the Group’s subsidaries with

continuing losses on an accrual basis under the

historical cost convention.

d. Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements comprise the

financial statements of the Company and the entities

controlled by the Company and its associates.

Control is achieved when the Company:

i.

has power over the investee (i.e. existing rights

that give it the current ability to direct the

relevant activities of the investee);

ii.

is exposed or has rights, to variable returns from

its involvement with the investee and has the

ability to use its power over the investee to affect

its returns.:

letter of comfort fees

to its subsidiaries. Accordingly, tax expense (including interest) for the year ended 31 March, 2022 includes an

amount of H 23.95 crores for the previous years.

b.

Based on management assessment of future taxable profits of few of its subsidiaries, the Group reversed the

deferred tax assets of H 74.46 crore in the current year.

ii.

Income tax expense for the year reconciled to the accounting profit as follows:

Managing Director of the Company together as a Group constitute the “Chief Operating

Decision Makers” (CODM) and allocate resources to and assess the performance of the segments of the Group.

The Group (the Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”) has identified the following

operating segments based on the organizational structure and for which discrete financial information including

segment results is available:

a.

Voice Solutions (VS) includes International and National Long-Distance Voice services.

b.

Data and Managed Services (DMS) include data transmission services, signaling, roaming services, television

and other network and managed services.

c.

Payment Solutions (PS) includes end-to-end ATM deployment end-to-end POS enablement hosted core banking

end to end financial inclusion and card issuance and related managed services and switching services to banking

sector carried out by Company’s wholly owned subsidiary Tata Communications Payment Solutions Limited.

d. Transformation Services (TS) includes the business of providing telecommunication network management

and support services. These services are carried out by the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary Tata

Communications Transformation Services Limited and its subsidiaries.

e.

Real Estate (RE) segment includes lease rentals for premises given on lease and does not include premises

held for capital appreciation.

(H in crores)

Particulars

For the year ended 31 March 2022

VS

DMS

PS

TS

RE

inter-segment

Total

a. Segment revenues and

results

Revenue from services

2,286.36

12,842.06

164.60

1,411.41

192.94

(172.64)

16,724.73

Intersegment revenue

-

(10.26)

-

(152.68)

(9.71)

172.64

-

Segment results

120.07

1,888.72

(60.23)

(49.16)

122.78

-

2,022.18

Finance cost

360.25

Unallocable income (net)

(338.05)

Profit from operations

before tax and share of

profit of associate

1,999.98

Tax expense (net)

522.13

Net Profit for the year

before share in profit/

(losses) of associates

1,477.85

Share in profit of

associates (net)

6.82

Net Profit from total

operation

1,484.67

b. Segment assets and

liabilities

Segment assets

313.51

13,543.53

257.41

633.70

420.36

-

15,168.51

Unallocable assets

4,499.46

Total assets

19,667.97

Segment liabilities

(525.93)

(8,517.40)

(251.10)

(386.86)

(96.87)

-

(9,778.16)

Unallocable liabilities

(8,933.73)

Total liabilities

(18,711.89)

Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit obligation

has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the

same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability recognized in the balance sheet.

There was no change in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from prior years.

The Group expects to contribute H 3.68 crores (31 March 2021: H 11.57) to its defined benefit plans in financial

year 2022-23.

Particulars

For the year ended

31 March 2022

For the year ended

31 March 2021

a. Basic and diluted EPS

Net Profit(loss) for the year attributable to the equity shareholders

(in J crore) (A)

1,481.76

1,250.63

Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the

year (Nos) (B)

285,000,000

285,000,000

Basic and diluted earnings per share (H) (A/B)

51.99

43.88

Face value per share (H)

10.00

10.00

(H in crores)

Particulars

As at

31 March 2022

X

Maturity profile

Expected benefit payments for the year ending

31 March 2023

66.36

31 March 2024

67.38

31 March 2025

68.20

31 March 2026

68.90

31 March 2027

69.04

31 March 2028 to 31 March 2032

346.93

Total

686.81

iii. Leave plan and Compensated absences

The liability for compensated absences as at the year end is H 32.29crores (31 March 2021: H 36.72 crores) as

shown under current provisions. The amount charged to the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss under

salaries and related costs in note 28 “Employee benefits” is H 5.72 crores (2020-2021: H 13.60 crores).

42. Earnings per share

41. Employee benefits (Contd....)

(B) Foreign entities: (Contd....)

ii.

Defined Benefit Pension Plans (Contd....):

Managing Director and CEO

f.

Others

Multiples Alternate Asset Management Private Limited

Peoplestrong Technologies Private Limited (formerly Peoplestrong HR Ser-

vices Private Limited)

Encube Ethicals Private Limited

Alamelu Charitable Foundation

Tata Communications Employee Provident Fund Trust

Tata Communications Employee Gratuity Trust

Tata Communications Transformation Services Limited Employees Gratuity

Trust

49. Related party transactions (Contd....)

i.

Names of related parties and nature of relationship (Contd....)

*Where transactions have taken place

**On 16 and 17 March, 2021, the Government of India had divested 16.12% of its stake in the Company under the offer for sale mechanism

of the stock exchanges to non-promoter shareholders. On 18 March 2021, Panatone Finvest Limited (‘Panatone’), a subsidiary of Tata

Sons Private Limited (‘TSPL’) purchased the balance stake of 10% from Government of India through an off-market inter-se transfer of

shares between promoters. Consequently, the combined stake of Tata Sons Limited in the Company increased from 48.87% to 58.87% and

Government of India ceased to hold any shares in the Company(Refer note 18(d)).

Reimbursement made of expenses incurred by related party for business purpose of the Group, or reimbursement

received for expenses incurred by the Group on behalf of a related party shall not be deemed related party

transactions.:

letter dated 20 February 2014 extended the validity of the said license for 3 months with condition that

entire ISP revenue will be subject to license fees. This conditional extension by DoT, was challenged by

the Company in TDSAT and on 18 October 2019 the Company’s petition has been allowed by TDSAT. DoT

has filed an appeal in Hon’ble Supreme Court, against the said order, but no stay has been granted by the

Hon’ble Supreme Court and appeal is yet to be heard. The Company has continued to disclose an amount

of H 1,287.15 crores (31 March 2021: H 1,120.43 crores) including interest under contingent liabilities. In the

current year, the Company has signed UL-ISP License on 6 August 2021 and is duly paying the license fees

thereunder.

iv. Other Claims of H 296.32 crores (31 March 2021: H 233.84 crores ) pertains to the Company and its subsidiaries

in various geographies being routine party to suits for collection, commercial disputes, claims from

customers and/or suppliers over reconciliation of payments for voice minutes, circuits, internet bandwidth

and/or access to the public switched telephone network, leased equipment, and claims from estates of

bankrupt companies alleging that the Group received preferential payments from such companies prior to

their bankruptcy filings, BSNL port charges and claims from Employee State Insurance Corporation.. The

management currently believes that resolving such suits and claims, individually or in aggregate, will not

have a material adverse impact on the Group’s financial position.

v.

During the earlier years, the Company and its two directors and an ex-employee had received show

cause notices from Directorate of Enforcement, Ministry of Finance on alleged violation of the rules and

regulations under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999. The contravention amount involved in

all these notices is H 593 crores. The liability could extend up to three times the amount quantified as

contravention. The Company had provided H 4.50 crores as compounding penalty, based on a legal opinion.

During the previous year, Ministry of Information and Broadcasting approval was received and based on

the same the Company had filed its application with RBI for compounding of charges. The Company and

the named individuals in the SCNs filed their replies to the SCNs refuting the allegations made therein

and without prejudice to their contentions and claims filed compounding applications with the RBI. RBI

51. Contingent liabilities and Commitments: (Contd....)

a.

Contingent Liabilities: (Contd....):

Managing Director & CEO

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

PRASHANT SINGHAL

KABIR AHMED SHAKIR

ZUBIN ADIL PATEL

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 93283

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

DATED: 21 April 2022

DATED: 21 April 2022

(H in crores)

Additional information as required by Paragraph 2 of the General Instructions for Preparation of Consolidated Financial

Statements to Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013

Name of the entity

Net assets/(liabilities),

i.e., total assets minus

total liabilities

Share of profit or

(Loss)

Share of Other

Comprehensive

Income/(Loss) (OCI)

Share of Total

Comprehensive Income/

(Loss)

As

percentage of

consolidated

net assets

Amount in

J crores

As

percentage of

consolidated

profit or loss

Amount

in J

crores

As

percentage of

consolidated

OCI

Amount

in J

crores

As percentage

of Total

Comprehensive

Income

Amount

in J

crores

Associates

Indian Associates

STT Global Data

Centres India Private

Limited

-

0.37

6.93

(0.05)

(0.01)

0.37

6.92

Smart ICT Services

Pvt Ltd

-

(0.01)

(0.11)

0.03

0.01

(0.01)

(0.10)

Total

100.00

7,998.36

100.00 1,851.67

100.00

28.64

100.00 1,880.31

Adjustments on

Consolidation

(7,070.77)

(369.91)

(299.27)

(669.18)

Grand Total

927.59

1,481.76

(270.63)

1,211.13:

