letter

with

Ref.

No.: 2020-21/036

dated

June

26, 2020

This

is in continuation

of

our: letter

dated

June

26, 2020,

intimating

about

the

ensuing

581h Annual

General

Meeting of the Company which

is scheduled

on Friday, July 24, 2020

at

10:30

a.m.

1ST through

Video Conferencing (VC)or

other

audio

visual

means

(OAVM).

In this

regard, and

pursuant

to Regulations 30

and

34 of the

SEBI (ListingObligations

and

Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations, 2015,

we

enclose

the

Notice

of the

58th Annual

General

Meeting

and

the

Annual

Report for the financial

year

2019-20

of the Company, which

are

being sent

through

electronic

mode

today i.e., Thursday, July 02, 2020

to

the

shareholders

whose

email

addresses

are

registered

with

the Company/

Depository

Participants.

The

above-said

Notice

and

Annual

Report

are

also

available

on

the

website

of the

Company viz.,

https:ljcoromandel.biz/

Kindlytake

the

same

on

your

record.

Thanking you,

Yours

faithfully

For

Coromandel

International

Limited

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

$

murugappa

Managing Director’s Interaction

22 Board of Directors

25 Corporate Information

26 Our ‘Farmer First’ Approach

28 Engaging Communities, Responsibly

30 Sowing Seeds of Sustainability, Each Day

32 Awards and Recognitions

Management Reports

33 Notice of the Annual General Meeting

41 Directors’ Report

50 Management Discussion and Analysis

99 Corporate Governance Report

Financial Statements

135 Standalone

203 Consolidated:

Dear Shareholders,

Indian agriculture witnessed the impressive year 2019-20.

India is expected to record the highest ever food grain (296

million tons) and horticulture (320 million tons) production

in 2019-20, which stands testimony to its resilient nature.

As per the provisional estimates released by the National

Statistical Office, the agriculture sector is expected to be

amongst the fastest growing segments during the year. The

sector holds immense potential towards driving domestic

economic growth, ensuring food security, generating

significant employment and export opportunities.

As India faces one of its biggest challenges caused by the

COVID-19 related disruptions, the importance of agriculture

has been brought to the fore more than ever. The sector has

remained relatively insular from the demand point of view, with

increased summer crop sowing, timely harvesting and swift

technology adoption across the supply chain.

I would like to commend the Government’s proactive

approach in dealing with the pandemic situation. Considering

the importance of farming in India, the Government ensured

its continuance along with extending the required safety

measures. Initiatives in the areas of direct benefit transfers,

agri loan subvention, direct marketing, efficient procurement

and exemptions to agri input operations, promoting farm

mechanisation, etc. were promptly introduced. Further,

governance and administrative reforms announced in

the output marketing space are expected to be income

accretive and hold the potential to completely transform the

agricultural landscape.

At Coromandel, we are cognizant of the emerging scenario

and are preparing ourselves accordingly. The Annual report

will indicate the various steps being taken by your Company to

make agriculture smart, connected and future-ready.

These are unprecedented times for the world at large - unlike the

earlier crises that have been predominantly financial in nature,

the present COVID-19 induced uncertainty has economic,

social, and political consequences. Globally, nations have been

collaborating on healthcare aspects, and I am hopeful that the

current situation will throw up newer opportunities.

Your Company stands by the Government and remains firm

in its commitment to serve the farming community. Since

the lockdown, your Company has been following a rigorous

approach through periodic scenario planning activities, while

maintaining utmost focus on the safety and well-being of its

workforce. Most of our manufacturing facilities and Retail

centers are operating at scale, adhering to safety guidelines.

I thank each one of you - the Coromandel family, our partners,

our stakeholders and investors - for your continued trust and

belief in the Company.

“In the midst of every crisis, lies great opportunity”

- Albert Einstein

COVID-19 has thrown open a new “normal” as the growing

health consciousness among the consumers is changing

dietary patterns, with a focus on sustainable ways of farming

and improved nutrition. With India being the second-largest

agricultural producer in the world, these structural shifts

present significant growth opportunities in domestic and

export markets.

As a leading Agri solutions

provider, we are constantly

analysing opportunities

in agriculture space and

working towards developing

technologically superior farm

solutions to meet customer

expectations.

Chairman’s Message:

Managing Director’s Interaction

How has been the Company’s business performance in the

year 2019-20?

Coromandel has delivered a strong performance in FY19-

20 across the businesses. We have done well on all the

operational and functional parameters. The results reflect the

resilience of the business, the strength of our processes and the

commitment of our employees. This is inspite of the delayed

south west monsoon and volatile currency. The Company

continued its focus on offering superior farm solutions,

introducing new generation products, improving cost and

operational efficiencies through backward integration, smart

sourcing and managing its working capital. The performance

was further supported by external factors like increase in

cropping area due to above normal monsoon, good reservoir

levels and completion of irrigation projects in our key markets

leading to improved agriculture input consumption.

We have scaled up consumer engagement with branding

initiatives and have strengthened our marketing and agronomist

teams. During the year, major infrastructure projects were

commissioned as per the schedule which will support the

future growth aspirations of the Company. Continued focus

and investment in R&D and product development have resulted

in enhancing the product portfolio. We are strengthening our

technology offerings in the areas of crop diagnostics, farm

advisory, farm mechanisation and are collaborating with the

leading institutions to develop novel crop specific solutions.

Overall, the Company has been delivering consistent

performance in the last few years which gives us a strong

platform to drive our long-term strategy.

Tell us about your idea of Smart Agri and its likely impact on

Indian agriculture?

The first green revolution was driven by the adoption of high

yielding crops and usage of agri-inputs like fertiliser and

agrochemicals which helped in quadrupling the food grain

output to ~296 million tons, making India self-sufficient for

its food requirements. I believe that the next revolution in

agriculture will be driven by embracing smart agri technologies.

This includes usage of farm mechanisation, R&D based superior

products, smart delivery mechanisms and data-driven precision

techniques to improve farm efficiencies.

Your Company’s initiatives were mainly focused around

expanding its crop-based approach, soil health, and improving

quality consciousness among the farming community. We

also improved our brand presence and strengthened our

marketing and agronomist teams. Our ‘GroSmart’, the re-

launched grade 24-24-0-8, and ‘Groplus’, a superior SSP

product which was launched in the previous year, were well

received by the customers. Further, the benign raw material

prices and comfortable raw material availability during

major parts of the year supported business growth. Our

differentiated, value-added services and products continued

to gain traction in the market ably supported by the integrated

nutrient marketing structure. During the year, in line with ‘Make

in India’ initiative, your Company successfully commissioned

its second Phosphoric Acid plant at Vizag unit, making it self-

sufficient relative to the acid requirements of that unit.

The crop protection segment also made good progress

during the year. This includes improving its manufacturing

capability to develop recently off patented molecules

Pymetrozine, Pyrozosulfuron and Mancozeb WDG plant.

Further, your Company is partnering with global innovators

for introducing novel and green chemistry molecules. We are

also expanding our presence in international markets through

product portfolio expansions, new registrations and customer

connect initiatives.

Speciality nutrients, Organic fertilisers, and Bio pesticides

businesses, key offerings in our business portfolio, continued

to make progressive strides during the year. With increased

consumer preference towards sustainable and balanced foods,

I foresee that these businesses will gain significant traction,

especially in a post COVID-19 scenario.

The Retail business has been the conduit of our product,

technology and customer connect initiatives. During the year,

we continued to work closely with the farming community and

expanded our Agri advisory services.

On the environmental side, we continued to expand our green

belt coverage at the plant locations and our commitment

towards society remained firm.

Our strong R&D team, including scientists and agronomists,

has been analysing soil, weather, and crop data through various

new-age, in order to empower the farmers with predictive

farming skills. During the year, we have added 30 new

Nutri Clinics to extend farm advisory and crop and soil

diagnostics services to the farmers.

Considering future growth opportunities, your Company

is strengthening its talent pipeline and upgrading people’s

competencies. Going forward, your Company will continue to

strengthen its customer engagement initiatives and leverage

technology for developing sustainable, cost-effective solutions

for the farmers.

Way Forward

Your Company understands the responsibilities it carries

towards empowering the farming community. At Coromandel,

we have been at the forefront of shaping Indian agriculture

for more than five decades and will continue to support and

pioneer changes to embrace technology and drive productivity

to attain farmer prosperity.

As always, I wish for your well-being and thank you for your

undeterred trust and support in us. I am confident that by

working together and supporting each other, we can turn this

unforeseen situation into a defining moment thus helping the

Company emerge stronger.

M. M. Murugappan

Chairman

Our strong R&D team,

including scientists and

agronomists, has been

analysing soil, weather, and

crop data through various

new-age technologies to

empower the farmers with

predictive farming skills.:

Managing Director

Technology is beginning to play a significant role in shaping the

agriculture ecosystem in India. The futuristic digital farms will

play at the intersection of different technologies. Swift digital

penetration enabling ‘Sense (Infield & remote sensing, use

of data), Infer (monitoring, analysing and predicting) and Act

(implementing technology and advisory solutions)’ will provide

a big boost to farm productivity. ‘Smart Agri’ will be the future in

times to come.

The COVID-19 situation is further accelerating the faster adoption

of digital and mechanisation solutions. With the increased

internet penetration in rural India, the data revolution is likely to

bring transformative changes in farming practices.

At Coromandel, we are developing solutions to leverage

technology in the areas of nutrient management, delivery

mechanisms, crop and soil diagnostics, mechanisation and farm

advisory. We are partnering with leading agriculture, research

and other institutes to improve our technology-based offering

to the farmers. We are also making use of digital marketing to

enhance our connectivity with the farmers.

What will be the key focus areas for Coromandel as it enters

the first year of the long-term strategic plan period?

During the year, we have started working on the roadmap for

meeting the long-term growth aspirations of the Company.

The major focus areas during the planned period involve a

deep understanding of our consumer, building power brands,

investments in R&D and data analytics, becoming a player of

scale, creating new markets and strengthening our efficiency

and quality on the value chain.

We are building our Centre of Excellence in R&D and new product

commercialisation, supply chain efficiencies, sales and channel

management, retail operations, manufacturing and operational

efficiencies and commercial.

With the evolving consumer expectation, we have been constantly

expanding our agri solutions and engagement with the farmers.

We have strengthened our agronomist structure and introduced

Nutri clinics to provide customised farm advisory to the farmers.

Further, we will build on technology-driven initiatives to improve

our customer reach, engagement and solutions delivery.

Over the last few years, we have invested significantly in the areas

of R&D, product development and technology transfer functions.

This has not only strengthened our integrated crop management

portfolio but has also shortened the Lab-to-Launch cycle. Today,

we have a rich and diversified product pipeline, which will fuel our

growth in the coming period.

Biologicals like plant extract and microbials, organic products

and green triangle products are gaining increased attention

among the consumers due to preference for sustainable

and environmentally friendly solutions. Coromandel is taking

concerted efforts to meet these expectations. We are presently

the largest neem-based bio pesticide manufacturer globally and

Organic marketer in India. We are launching several new products

and will continue our efforts to promote sustainable farming.

We are also closely evaluating opportunities in manufacturing

space as geopolitical disruptions during COVID-19 are likely to

usher changes in the global supply chain.

Overall, the initiatives planned in our LTS are based around

bringing prosperity to the farmers through sustainable crop

solutions with technology acting as a key enabler. We are on

track in terms of building capabilities to meet our goals.

How are the policy and reforms in agriculture and related

industries shaping up?

Let me begin by complimenting the Government’s efforts in

ensuring agricultural sustenance during the COVID-19 period.

Efficient procurement, income support mechanisms, ensuring

agri-inputs mobility and availability during the lockdown have

supported the farm economy during the challenging period.

Further, the Government has announced major reforms in

the agri output marketing side, which are transformative in

nature and have the potential to improve farmer’s income. The

Government has been swift in bringing ordinance to modify

Essential Commodities Act and Agricultural Produce Market

Committee (APMC) Act. In my view, these agri reforms, once

implemented can significantly improve farm economics and

change the face of Indian agriculture.

On the income side, Minimum Support Prices have been set at

1.5 times the cost of cultivation. The Government is pushing the

farmers to participate through National Agriculture Markets, and

presently ~1000 mandis are connected electronically. There has

been good progress in the irrigation infrastructure, especially

in our key markets of Telangana and Andhra, leading to better

productivity and improved farmer incomes. The Income support

scheme launched by Centre and State Governments is also

helping the farmers in buying quality inputs.

Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) has stabilised in Fertiliser wherein

farmer’s purchase is getting captured through ~2.25 lakhs

point of sales. Most of the technical and operational challenges

have been addressed. The digitisation of fertiliser value chain

is facilitating real-time monitoring of the availability and sale of

fertilisers within each State. The Government is piloting models

to develop linkages between soil health and farmer purchases.

However, in its current form, DBT remains farmer neutral as the

fertiliser consumption continues to be influenced by the existing

subsidy policies and price variability. Going forward, I expect

the subsidies to be directly transferred to the farmer’s account

based on the soil health and crop requirement, which can drive

the balanced nutrition practices.:

Managing Director of BASF India

Limited (BASF). He was also the Chairman of Ciba India Limited, Cyanamid India

Limited and Pushpa Polymers Limited, before they were merged into BASF. He was the

former President of IGCC (Indo German Chamber). Mr. Prasad Chandran was awarded

the Bundesverdienstkruez – “Order of Merit” by the Federal Republic of Germany, the

highest civilian award in Germany, for his initiatives in fostering Indo German relations

and his activities in promoting Corporate Governance. He is the Founder Chairman of

SEEGOS – a Social Enterprise for promoting Ethics and fighting Corruption. Currently,

he is serving on the boards of HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited and HDFC Pension

Management Company Limited, as an Independent Director. He holds a bachelor’s

degree in Chemistry from Bombay University and a MBA from University Business

School, Chandigarh. He pursued advanced management education in Wharton

Business School, University of Pennsylvania, and AOTS from Tokyo University, Japan.

Prasad Chandran

Independent Director

Board of Directors

Mr. Murugappan holds a Master’s degree in Chemical Engineering from University of

Michigan, USA. He has served as the: Managing Director of Carborundum Universal Limited

(CUMI) in the past. He is currently serving as the

Managing Director

Management Team

S Sankarasubramanian

President-Fertilisers

Amir Alvi

Executive Vice President & Head

Manufacturing (Fertilisers)

Amit Rastogi

Executive Vice President – Technology

Arun Leslie George

Executive Vice President &

Head – Retail

S Govindarajan

Executive Vice President &

Head - Commercial

Jayashree Satagopan

Executive Vice President &

Chief Financial Officer

Kalidas Pramanik

Executive Vice President – Marketing

(Fertilisers & Organic)

Narayanan Vellayan

Sr. Associate Vice President –

Speciality Nutrients

Prasannatha Rao

Executive Vice President &

Head – HR

Srikanthan Srinivasan

Executive Vice President &

Head-CPC

Company Secretary

P Varadarajan

Sr. Vice President - Legal & Company

Secretary

Bankers

State Bank of India

HDFC Bank

Axis Bank

ICICI Bank

Statutory Auditors

Deloitte Haskins & Sells

Chartered Accountants

KRB Towers, Plot No. 1 to 4 & 4A

1st, 2nd & 3rd Floor, Jubilee Enclave

Madhapur, Hyderabad - 500081,

Telangana, India

Cost Auditors

M/s.Narasimha Murthy & Co.,

Mrs. Jyothi Satish

Registrars & Share Transfer

Agent

KFin Technologies Private Limited

(formerly known as Karvy Fintech Private

Limited)

“Selenium Tower-B”, Plot No. 31 & 32,

Gachibowli, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,

Hyderabad - 500032, Telangana, India.

Registered Office

“Coromandel House”

1-2-10, Sardar Patel Road,

Secunderabad - 500003,

Telangana, India.

CIN : L24120TG1961PLC000892

Tel.: +91 40 6699 7000 / 7300 / 7500

E-mail: mail@coromandel.murugappa.com

investorsgrievance@coromandel.murugappa.com

Website: www.coromandel.biz

M M Venkatachalam

Director

Mr. Venkatachalam holds a graduate degree from the University of Agricultural

Sciences, Bangalore, and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from George

Washington University, USA. In an illustrious career of more than two and a half

decades, he has held several leadership positions in various Murugappa Group

Companies. He is presently the Chairman of Coromandel Engineering Company

Limited, Ambadi Enterprises Limited and Parry Agro Industries Limited. He also

serves on the Boards of Ramco Cements Limited, Ramco Systems Limited and E.I.D

Parry (India) Limited.

Mr. Sameer Goel holds a Post Graduate Diploma in Management from IIM Ahmedabad,

and Bachelor’s degree in Economics from St. Stephens College, New Delhi. Having

started his career in 1987 with Glaxo Smith Kline Consumer Healthcare (GSK) as Area

Sales Manager, he rose from ranks in a career spanning more than 25 years, donning

various roles in India, UK, UAE, Nigeria and South Africa and was serving as Vice

President for Africa when he moved from GSK. Prior to joining Coromandel, he worked

in Cipla Limited as Country Head - India. He has extensive experience in managing

businesses, driving sales across multiple geographies and building B2C businesses.

He is on the Board Fertiliser Association of India and is an Ambassador to International

Fertiliser Association. He is also serving as the Vice Chairman of CII-Telangana.

Sameer Goel: Managing

Managing Director, proposed to be re-

appointed, along with names of companies in which they

hold directorships and memberships / chairmanships

of Board Committees, shareholding and the relationship

with other directors inter-se are provided in the Report on

Corporate Governance forming part of the Annual Report.

8.

The Register of Members and the Share Transfer Books

of the Company will remain closed from July 18, 2020 to

July 24, 2020 (both days inclusive).

9.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 205A(5) and 205C

of the Companies Act 1956 and the corresponding

provisions under the Act, the amount of dividend/interim

dividend declared/paid up to the financial year 2011-12,

have been transferred from time to time on respective

due dates, to the Investors Education & Protection

Fund Authority (IEPF). Details of unpaid/unclaimed

dividends lying with the Company as on March 31, 2020

7.

To re-appoint Mr. Sameer Goel (DIN 07298938) as: Managing

letter

providing the email id, mobile number, self-attested

PAN copy and Client Master copy in case of

electronic folio and copy of share certificate in case

of physical folio for sending the Annual Report,

Notice of e-AGM and the e-Voting instructions.

is available on the website of the Company at https://

coromandel.biz/inv_dividend.html.

10.

As per Section 124 of the Act read with Investor Education

and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit,

Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2017 and amendments

made thereto, all shares in respect of which dividends

remain unpaid or unclaimed for a consecutive period of

seven years or more, are required to be transferred to

the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority

(IEPF). In compliance with the said Rules, the Company

has transferred the underlying shares in respect of

which dividends remained unclaimed for a consecutive

period of seven years.

11.

TDS on Dividend

i.

Members may note that in terms of the Income Tax

Act, 1961, as amended by the Finance Act, 2020,

dividend income will be taxable in the hands of

shareholders w.e.f. April 01, 2020 and the Company

is required to deduct tax at source (TDS) from

dividend paid to shareholders at the prescribed

rates. For the prescribed rates for various categories,

the shareholders are requested to refer to the

Finance Act, 2020 and amendments thereof. The

shareholders are requested to update their PAN with

the Company/ KFin Technologies Private Limited

(“KFin”) (formerly Karvy Fintech Private Limited),

Registrars and Share Transfer Agent (in case of

shares held in physical mode) and depositories (in

case of shares held in demat mode).

ii.

A Resident individual shareholder with PAN and

who is not liable to pay income tax can submit

a yearly declaration in Form No. 15G/15H, to

avail the benefit of non-deduction of tax at

source by uploading the documents on the link

https://ris.kfintech.com/form15/ on or before July

17, 2020. Shareholders are requested to note that

in case their PAN is not registered, the tax will be

deducted at a higher rate of 20%.

iii.

Non-resident shareholders can avail beneficial rates

under tax treaty between India and their country

of residence, subject to providing necessary

documents i.e. No Permanent Establishment and

Beneficial Ownership Declaration, Tax Residency

Certificate, Form 10F, and any other document

which may be required to avail the tax treaty

benefits by uploading the documents on the link

https://ris.kfintech.com/form15/ on or before July

17, 2020.

iv.

Dividend, if any, declared will be paid subject

to deduction of income-tax at source (TDS) at

applicable rates. In respect of resident individuals,

if the dividend payment is in excess of ` 5,000/-

(collectively for all folios with the same PAN

number) the TDS will be at the rate of 10%. For

all other categories of shareholders, please refer

to the TDS rates provided in the Income Tax

Act/Rules and in addition may also refer to the

website of the Company. Wherever, TDS is made,

TDS Certificates will be sent to the concerned

shareholders through email or post, as the case

may be.

12.

Members holding shares in electronic form may note

that Bank particulars registered against their respective

depository accounts will be used by the Company for

payment of dividend. The Company or its Registrars and

Share Transfer Agent, KFin cannot act on any request

received directly from the members holding shares in

electronic form for any change of Bank particulars or

Bank mandates. Members holding shares in electronic

form are, therefore, advised to intimate immediately

any change in their address or Bank mandates to their

respective Depository Participants with whom they are

maintaining their demat accounts.

13.

Members holding shares in physical form are requested

to advise any change in their address or Bank mandates

immediately to the Company / KFin.

14.

Members who hold shares in physical form in multiple

folios in identical names or joint holding in the same

order of names are requested to send the share

certificates to KFin, for consolidation into a single folio.

15.

Non-Resident Indian Members are requested to inform

KFin, immediately of:

a.

Change in their residential status on return to India

for permanent settlement.

b.

Particulars of their Bank account maintained in

India with complete name, branch, account type,

account number and address of the bank with pin

code number, if not furnished earlier.

16.

Members who have not registered their e-mail addresses

so far, are requested to register their e-mail address for

receiving all communications including Annual Report,

Notices, Circulars, etc. from the Company electronically.

17.

SEBI has mandated the submission of Permanent

Account Number (PAN) by every participant in securities

market. Members holding shares in electronic form are,

therefore, requested to submit their PAN to their Depository

Participants with whom they are maintaining their demat

accounts. Members holding shares in physical form can

submit their PAN to the Company / KFin.

18.

The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

and their shareholding maintained under Section 170

of the Act, the Register of Contracts or arrangements

in which the Directors are interested under Section

189 of the Act and all other documents referred in

notice will be available for inspection in electronic

mode. Members can send an email for the purpose to

investorsgrievance@coromandel.murugappa.com.

19.

For the purpose of convening the e-AGM through VC /

OAVM, your Company has appointed KFin Technologies

Private Limited, Registrars and Share Transfer Agent, to:

Letter etc., together with attested

specimen signature(s) of the duly authorised

representative(s), to the Scrutiniser through

email

ID

rsaevoting@gmail.com

with

a

copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com. The

scanned image of the above-mentioned

documents should be in the naming format

“Coromandel – 58thAGM”.

B.

In case of Members whose e-mail IDs are not

registered

with

the

Company

/

Depository

Participants, kindly follow the instructions referred

in Serial No. 20.

Other Instructions:

i.

In case of any queries, you may refer Help & FAQ section

of https://evoting.kfintech.com (KFin Website) or call

KFin on 6716 1616 & Toll Free No. 1800 3454 001.

ii.

You can also update your mobile number and e-mail id in

the user profile details of the folio which may be used for

sending future communication(s).

iii.

The e-Voting period commences on Tuesday, July 21,

2020 (9.00 a.m. IST) and ends on Thursday, July 23,

2020 (5.00 p.m. IST). During this period shareholders of

the Company, holding shares either in physical form or

in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date i.e., Friday,

July 17, 2020, may cast their vote electronically in the

manner and process set out herein above. The e-Voting

module shall be disabled for voting thereafter. Once the

vote on a resolution is cast by the Member, the Member

shall not be allowed to change it subsequently.

iv.

Those who become Members of the Company after

dispatch of the Notice of e-AGM but on or before Friday,

July 17, 2020 (cut-off date) may write to KFin at

evoting@kfintech.com

or

to

the

Company

at

investorsgrievance@coromandel.murugappa.com

requesting for user ID and password. On receipt of user ID

and password, the steps from SI. Nos. (i) to (vii) mentioned

in (A) above should be followed for casting of vote.

v.

The voting rights of shareholders shall be in proportion

to their shares of the paid-up equity share capital of the

Company as on the cut-off date i.e. Friday, July 17,

2020.

vi.

The Board of Directors has appointed Mr. R Sridharan

(Membership No. 4775 and PCS No. 3239), Practicing

Company Secretary, as the Scrutiniser to scrutinize the

e-Voting process in a fair and transparent manner.

vii.

The scrutiniser shall, immediately after the conclusion

of voting at the e-AGM, first count the votes cast

at the meeting, thereafter unblock the votes cast

through remote e-Voting and submit, within a period

not exceeding two (2) days from the conclusion of the

meeting, make a consolidated Scrutinisers Report of

the total votes cast in favour or against, if any, to the

Chairman or person authorized by the Chairman for

counter signature.

viii.

The Results shall be declared either by the Chairman

or by a person authorized in writing by the Chairman

and the resolution will be deemed to have been passed

on the e-AGM date subject to receipt of the requisite

number of votes in favour of the Resolution(s).

ix.

Immediately after declaration of results, the same

shall be placed along with the Scrutiniser’s Report on

the Company’s website www.coromandel.biz and on

the website of KFin https://evoting.karvy.com, and

communicated to stock exchanges BSE Limited and

National Stock Exchange of India Limited, where the

shares of the Company are listed for placing the same

in their website.

ANNEXURE TO NOTICE

Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of

the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)

ITEM NO.5

Payment of remuneration to Mr. M M Murugappan

Regulation 17(6)(ca) of the SEBI Listing Regulations provides that

where the annual remuneration payable to any Non-Executive

Director exceeds fifty per cent of the total annual remuneration

payable to all Non-Executive Directors, such payment should be

approved by the shareholders by special resolution.

Considering the time spent by Mr. M M Murugappan for the

business of the Company, the Board has approved, subject to

further approval of the shareholders, payment of commission

of ` 200 Lakhs to Mr. M M Murugappan for the financial year

2019-20. As the proposed commission exceeds fifty per cent

of the total remuneration payable to other Non-Executive

Directors of the Company for the financial year 2019-20,

approval of the shareholders is sought.

The Board commends the Special Resolution set out at Item

No.5 for approval by shareholders.

Memorandum of Interest

Mr. M M Murugappan and his relatives are interested in the

Resolution. Mr. M M Venkatachalam, Director, being the

brother of Mr. M M Murugappan, Chairman, is interested in

this resolution. None of the other Directors and Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company, or their relatives, are interested in

this Resolution financially or otherwise.

ITEM NO.6

Re-appointment of Mr. Sumit Bose as an Independent Director

Mr. Sumit Bose was appointed as an Independent Director

of the Company for a period of 5 years w.e.f. March 21,

2016. His current term as an Independent Director will end

on March 20, 2021. As per the provisions of Section 149 of

the Act an Independent Director can hold office for a term

up to five consecutive years on the Board of a company but

shall be eligible for re-appointment on passing of a special

resolution by the Company. The Company has received a

notice in writing under the provisions of Section 160 of the

Act, from a member proposing the candidature of Mr. Sumit

Bose for the office of Independent Director, to be re-appointed:

Managing Director

Mr. Sameer Goel was appointed as: Managing

Managing Director of

the Company for a period of five years effective October

01, 2015 and his current term of office as Managing

Director of the Company expires on September 30,

2020. Board has pursuant to the provisions of Section

196 of the Companies Act, 2013, recommended his re-

appointment as: Managing Director for a period from

October 01, 2020 to January 31, 2023, and accordingly

an ordinary resolution proposing the re-appointment of

Mr. Sameer Goel is being placed before the shareholders

for their approval.

In accordance with Article 17.29 of the Company’s

Articles of Association, read with Section 152 of the

Act, Mr. M M Venkatachalam retires by rotation at the

ensuing Annual General Meeting and being eligible,

offers himself for re-appointment.

b)

Evaluation of the Board’s performance

In accordance with the provisions of Section 134 of

the Act and Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations,

the Board has carried out evaluation of its own

performance, the performance of Committees of the

Board, namely, Audit Committee, CSR Committee, Risk

Management Committee, Stakeholders Relationship

Committee, and Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and also the Directors individually. The

manner in which the evaluation was carried out and the

process adopted has been mentioned in the Corporate

Governance Report.

c)

Board Meetings

A calendar of Board meetings is prepared and circulated

in advance to the Directors. During the year 2019-20, six

(6) Board Meetings were held, the details of which are

given in the Corporate Governance Report.

d)

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee comprises of Mr. Sumit

Bose,

Managing Director

M M Murugappan

Chairman

Place: Secunderabad / Chennai

Date: May 26, 2020

Jayashree Satagopan

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Annexure -A (Contd.)

The Members,

COROMANDEL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

CIN: L24120TG1961PLC000892

1-2-10, Sardar Patel Road, Secunderabad,

Telangana- 500003.

We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance

of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good

corporate practices by Coromandel International Limited

[Corporate Identification Number: L24120TG1961PLC000892]

(hereinafter called “the Company”). Secretarial Audit was

conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for

evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and

expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of Company’s books, papers, minute

books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained

by the Company and also the information provided by the

Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives

during the conduct of secretarial audit, We hereby report

that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period

covering the financial year ended on 31st March, 2020 complied

with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that

the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance

mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to

the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and

returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for

the financial year ended on 31st March, 2020 according to the

provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made

there under;

(ii)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’)

and the rules made thereunder;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-

laws framed there under;

(iv)

The Company has complied with the applicable provisions

of Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the

rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent

of Overseas Direct Investment. There are no External

Commercial Borrowings and Foreign Direct Investment

during the year under review;

(v)

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed

under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,

1992 (‘SEBI Act’):-

a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011;

b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

Secretarial Audit Report

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2020

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No.9 of the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 24A of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 as amended]

Annexure - B

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2018; (Not applicable to the company

during the audit period);

d)

The Employee Stock Option Plan, 2016 approved

under the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations,

2014 and the Employee Stock Option Scheme,

2007 approved under the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Employee Stock Option Scheme

and Employee Stock Purchase Scheme) Guidelines,

1999;

e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue

and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008;

(Not applicable to the company during the audit

period);

f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)

Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act

and dealing with client;

g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; ( Not

applicable to the company during the audit period) ;

and

h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 (Not

applicable to the company during the audit period);

(vi)

The Management has identified and confirmed the

following laws as being specifically applicable to the

Company:

1.

Fertiliser Control Order, 1985;

2.

Insecticides Act, 1968 and Insecticides Rules, 1971;

3.

Seeds Act, 1966 and Seeds Rules;

We believe that the audit evidence which we have obtained

is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit

opinion. In our opinion and to the best of our information and

according to explanations given to us, we believe that the

compliance management system of the company is adequate

to ensure compliance of laws as mentioned above.

With respect to the applicable financial laws such as direct

and indirect tax laws, based on the information & explanations

provided by the management and officers of the Company and

certificates placed before the Board of Directors, we report

that adequate systems are in place to monitor and ensure

compliance.

We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses

/ regulations of the following::

Managing Director

Mr. Sameer Goel

96.71

ii.

Percentage increase in the remuneration of each Director,

Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company

Secretary or Manager, if any, in the financial year.

Directors, Chief Executive

Officer, Chief Financial

Officer and Company

Secretary

% increase in remuneration

in the financial year

Mr. M M Murugappan

0.62

Mr. V Ravichandran

35.23

Dr. B V R Mohan Reddy

45.28

Mr. M M Venkatachalam

49.50

Ms. Aruna B. Advani*

138.95

Mr. Prasad Chandran

43.26

Dr. R Nagarajan*

178.41

Mr. K V Parameshwar*

176.73

Mr. Sumit Bose

46.05

Mr. Sameer Goel#

(3.06)

Mrs. Jayashree Satagopan

23.91

Mr. P Varadarajan

3.54

Note:

1.

Increase / Decrease in the remuneration of Non-Executive Directors is due to increase/decrease in the meeting held /

attended during the year.

2.

During the year the sitting fees payable to Non-Executive Directors was increased for every Board meeting and Audit

Committee meeting and for other Committee meetings with effect from October 22, 2019.

3.

*Not comparable as they were directors only for part of the previous financial year 2018-2019.

4.

# Due to variation in LTA claim.

iii. Percentage increase/(decrease) in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year – 13.50%.

iv. Number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2020 – 4,894.

v.

Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last

financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof

and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration:

The average annual increase in salaries of employees was around 13.09%. Increase in the managerial remuneration for the

year was 4.59%.

vi. Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company:

The Company is in compliance with its remuneration policy.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Place: Chennai

M M Murugappan

Date: May 26, 2020

Chairman

Annexure -D (Contd.):

Managing Director

01-10-2015

33

4,57,19,022

Country Head-India, Cipla Limited

10. S Sankarasubramanian, 50

B.Sc., ICWA

President-Fertilisers

01-12-2003

29

2,06,32,225

Deputy General Manager – Finance

E.I.D Parry (India) Limited

Sr.

No

Name, Age and Qualification

Designation

Date of

commencement of

employment

Experience

in years

Remuneration

Received (`)

Last Employment

11. S Govindarajan, 57

B.Tech (Mech), GDMM (IIMM)

Executive Vice President & Head

of Commercial

26-09-1992

35

1,67,43,947

Asst. Manager,

National Fertilisers Limited

12. Srikanthan Srinivasan, 58

B.E., PGDM (IIM-A)

Executive Vice President & Head-

CPC

21-01-2016

32

1,09,62,193

Sr. Vice President – Nutraceuticals

E.I.D Parry (India) Limited

Notes:

1.

Remuneration includes salary and allowances, incentive, commission where applicable, Company’s contribution to Provident Fund, Superannuation Fund, National Pension Scheme, and

Group Gratuity Scheme, reimbursement of medical expenses at actuals, and monetary value of perquisites calculated in accordance with the Income Tax Act/Rules.

2.

The employment of the above persons is whole time and contractual in nature, terminable with 3 months’ notice on either side.

3.

There are no employees in the service of the Company within the category covered by Rule 5 (2) (iii) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Rules, 2014.

4.

None of the above employees is a relative of any Director of the Company.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Place: Chennai

M M Murugappan

Date: May 26, 2020

Chairman

Annexure -E (Contd.):

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager:

S. No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD / WTD / Manager

Total Amount

(in `)

Name & Designation

Sameer Goel: Managing

Managing Director

Chairperson-CSR Committee

Place: Secunderabad / Kolkata

Date: May 26, 2020

Annexure -H (Contd.)

(` in Lakhs)

Report on Corporate Governance

Pursuant to Regulation 34 read with Schedule V of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, as amended (Listing Regulations), compliance with the

requirements of Corporate Governance is set out below:

Company’s Philosophy

Coromandel

International

Limited

(“the

Company”/

“Coromandel”), a constituent of the Murugappa Group, is

committed to the highest standards of corporate governance

in all its activities and processes.

Coromandel looks at corporate governance as the corner stone

for sustained superior financial performance, for serving all its

stakeholders and for instilling pride of association. Apart from

drawing on the various legal provisions, the Group practices

are continuously benchmarked in terms of the best business

practices. The entire process begins with the functioning of

the Board of Directors (‘Board’), with leading professionals and

experts serving as Independent Directors and represented in

various Board Committees. Systematic attempt is made to

eliminate informational asymmetry between Executive and

Non- Executive Directors. Coromandel’s commitment to ethical

and lawful business conduct is a fundamental value shared by

the Board of Directors, the senior management and all other

employees of the Company.

Key elements of corporate governance are transparency,

internal controls, risk management, internal and external

communications, high standards of safety, health, environment,

accounting fidelity, and product and service quality. The

Board has empowered responsible persons to implement its

broad policies and guidelines and has set up adequate review

processes/mechanisms to serve this purpose.

The following is a report on the Corporate Governance.

1.

Board of Directors

•

Composition and size of the Board

The Board of Directors, as at the end of the year on

March 31, 2020, comprised of ten Directors of which: Managing Director is an Executive Director. Out of

nine Non-Executive Directors, five are Independent

Directors and four are Non-Independent Directors.

One Independent Director is a Woman Director. The

Annexure - I

Independent Directors have been issued formal

letter of appointment and the terms and conditions

of their appointment have been disclosed on the

website of the Company. The Independent Directors

have given declarations to the Company about their

independence to enable the Board for determining

its composition as envisaged in Regulation 17 of

the Listing Regulations and further confirming

compliance as per Section 149 of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with the Rules made thereunder.

The Non-Executive Directors bring independent

judgment in the Board’s deliberations and decisions.

All material information is circulated to the

Directors, including minimum information that are

required to be made available to the Directors under

Part A of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations.

•

Board Meetings and Attendance

Six Board Meetings were held during the year as

against the minimum requirement of four meetings.

The dates on which the meetings were held are as

follows:

S.

No.

Date of Meeting

Board

Strength

No. of

Directors

present

1. April 23, 2019

10

09

2. July 22, 2019

10

10

3. October 22, 2019

10

09

4. October 22, 2019*

10

10

5. January 31, 2020

10

10

6. March 20, 2020

10

10

* The Second Board meeting held on October 22, 2019 was

adjourned and concluded on October 23, 2019.

•

Attendance of each Director at the Board Meetings

and the last Annual General Meeting (AGM), and

the number of Directorship, Membership and

Managing Director

Executive

6

Yes

Nil

Nil

Nil

* Excludes Directorships in private, foreign and Section 8 companies.

** Represents Memberships of Audit and Stakeholders Relationship Committee of Public Limited Companies.

Mr. M M Murugappan and Mr. M M Venkatachalam are related to each other and none of the other Directors of the Company are,

inter-se, related to each other.

Details of Directorship in other Listed entities as on March 31, 2020:

Name of Director

Name of Listed Entity

Category

Mr. M M Murugappan

Carborundum Universal Limited

Non-Executive & Promoter; Chairman

Tube Investments of India Limited

Non-Executive & Promoter; Chairman

Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited

Non-Executive & Promoter; Chairman

Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited

Non-Executive & Promoter;Chairman

Mahindra and Mahindra Limited

Non-Executive & Independent

Cyient Limited

Non-Executive

Mr. V Ravichandran

E.I.D Parry (India) Limited

Non-Executive, Chairman

Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited

Non-Executive

Mr. Prasad Chandran

HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited

Non-Executive & Independent

Dr. B V R Mohan Reddy

Cyient Limited

Executive, Chairman

Mr. M M Venkatachalam

E.I.D Parry (India) Limited

Non-Executive & Non- Independent

The Ramco Cements Limited

Non-Executive & Independent

Ramco Systems Limited

Non-Executive & Independent

Coromandel Engineering Company Limited

Non-Executive, Chairman

Mr. Sumit Bose

HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited

Non-Executive & Independent

BSE Limited

Non-Executive & Independent

Ms. Aruna B. Advani

-

-

Dr. R Nagarajan

-

-

Mr. K V Parameshwar

-

-

Mr. Sameer Goel

-

-

Annexure -I (Contd.)

The brief profiles of Directors forming part of this Annual Report gives an insight into the education, expertise, skills and experience

of Directors, thus bringing in diversity to the Board’s perspectives. In terms of the requirement of the Listing Regulations, the Board

has identified the core skills/ expertise/ competencies of the Directors in the context of the Company’s business for effective

functioning and as available with the Board. These are as follows:

Name

Financial

Management

Governance

Practices

Corporate

Strategy

Business Strategy

General

Management

Mr. M M Murugappan

Dr. BVR Mohan Reddy

Mr. Sumit Bose

Mr. Prasad Chandran

Mr. V Ravichandran

Dr. R Nagarajan

Mr. K V Parameshwar

Mr. M M Venkatachalam

Ms. Aruna B. Advani

Mr. Sameer Goel

Annexure -I (Contd.)

•

Independent Directors Meeting

A Meeting of the Independent Directors chaired by

Mr. Sumit Bose was held on March 20, 2020 which

was attended by all the Independent Directors.

The Independent Directors have evaluated the

performance of the Non-Independent Directors,

the Board as a whole and the Chairman of

the Company. The Board was briefed on the

deliberations made at the Independent Directors

Meeting. The details of the Familiarization

Program imparted to Independent Directors of

the Company are available on website of the

Company

at

https://coromandel.biz/pdf/2020-

2021/InvestorsInformation/PoliciesAndCodes/

FamiliarisationProgramme_2020.pdf

Board Evaluation

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 and Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations,

the Board has carried out the annual performance

evaluation of its own performance, the Directors

individually as well as the evaluation of the working

of the Committees of the Board, namely, Audit

Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee,

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Risk

Management Committee and CSR Committee.

Structured questionnaires were prepared after

taking into consideration inputs received from the

Directors, covering various aspects of the Board’s

functioning such as adequacy of the composition

of the Board and its Committees, Board culture,

execution and performance of specific duties,

obligations and governance. A separate exercise

was carried out to evaluate the performance of

individual Directors including the Chairman of

the Board, who were evaluated on parameters

such as level of participation in the meetings

and contribution, independence of judgments

safeguarding the interest of the Company

and other stakeholders, etc. The performance

evaluation of the Independent Directors was

carried out by the entire Board. During such

evaluation, the Director whose performance was

evaluated was not present at the meeting. The

performance evaluation of the Chairman and the

Non-Independent Directors was carried out by the

Independent Directors.

The Company has received the requisite declarations

from its Independent Directors confirming that they

meet the criteria of independence prescribed both

under the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing

Regulations. The Board at its meeting held on May

26, 2020 has taken on record the declarations

received from the Independent Directors. In the

opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors

of the Company fulfil the conditions specified

in the Listing Regulations and are independent

of Management.

2.

Audit Committee

Brief description of Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee

encompass the requirements of Section 177 of the

Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 18 of the Listing

Regulations and, inter alia, include overseeing the

financial reporting process and disclosure of financial

information, recommending the appointment / re-

appointment of statutory auditors and fixation of audit

fee, review of financial statements before submission to

the Board, review of adequacy of internal control system,

findings of internal audit, whistle blower mechanism,

related party transactions, scrutiny of inter-corporate

loans & investments, approval and review of related party

transactions, valuation of assets/undertakings of the:

Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer, Executive

Vice Presidents, Vice President-Management Audit and

Risk Management, along with the Statutory Auditors are

invitees to the Audit Committee Meetings. Cost Auditors

were invited to the meetings as and when required.

The Chairman of the Audit Committee, Mr. Sumit Bose,

was present at the Annual General Meeting of the

Company held on July 22, 2019.

3.

Nomination & Remuneration Committee

Brief description of Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee include inter alia, to formulate the criteria

for

appointment

of

Directors/Senior

Management

including determining qualifications, positive attributes

and independence of Directors, recommend to the Board

the appointment of Directors, recommend re-election of

Directors retiring by rotation, recommend the remuneration

including pension rights and periodic increments of

the Managing/Whole-time Director(s), determine the

annual incentive of the Managing/Whole-time Director(s),

recommend the commission payable annually to each

of the Non-Whole-time Directors to the Board within

the limits fixed by shareholders, formulate, implement,

administer and superintend the Employee Stock Option

Plan/Scheme(s) of the Company, devise policy on Board

diversity, formulate criteria for evaluation of Independent

Directors/Board, evaluation of the Directors’ performance,

recommend Remuneration policy to the Board and ensuring

Board Diversity, recommend to the Board, all remuneration

in whatever form, payable to the Senior Management etc.

Composition, Attendance and Meetings

•

During the year, the Committee had four meetings

on April 23, 2019; July 08, 2019; July 22, 2019 and

October 22, 2019. Details of the composition of

the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and

attendance of Members during the year are as

follows:

Name

Designation

Category of

Directorship

Attendance

Mr. Sumit Bose

Chairman

Non-Executive

& Independent

4

Dr. B V R Mohan

Reddy

Member

Non-Executive

3

Mr. M M

Venkatachalam

Member

Non-Executive

3

Ms. Aruna B.

Advani

Member

Non-Executive

& Independent

2

4.

Remuneration to Directors

Managing / Executive Director

•

The compensation of the Managing / Executive

Director comprises of fixed component and

a

performance

incentive/commission.

The

compensation is determined based on levels

of responsibility and scales prevailing in the

industry. The performance incentive/commission

is determined based on certain pre-agreed

performance parameters.

•

The Managing / Executive Director is not paid

sitting fees for any Board/ Committee meetings

attended by him.

Non-Executive Directors

•

The compensation of the Non-Executive Directors

is in the form of commission paid out of profits.

Though the shareholders have approved payment

of commission upto 1% of net profits of the

Company for each year calculated as per the

provisions of Sections 197, 198 and all other

applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

and the rules made thereunder, the commission

paid to the Directors is usually restricted to a fixed

sum, which is within the limits.

•

The sitting fees/commission is reviewed periodically

taking into consideration various factors such as

performance of the Company, time spent by the

directors for attending to the affairs and business

of the Company and extent of responsibilities cast

on directors under general law and other relevant

factors. Depending on the time and efforts put in by

the directors towards the affairs of the Company, the

directors are also paid a differential remuneration.

The aggregate commission paid to all Non-Executive

Directors currently is well within the limit of 1% of

net profits as computed in the manner laid down

in Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013, and as

approved by the shareholders. The Non-Executive

Directors are also paid sitting fees as permitted

under the relevant statutory provisions for every

Board/ Committee meeting attended by them.

•

During the year the sitting fees payable to Non-

Executive Directors was increased from ` 25,000

to ` 50,000 for every Board meeting and Audit

Committee meeting and for other Committee

meetings from ` 15,000 to ` 30,000 with effect

from October 22, 2019.

Shareholdings

•

The details of Shareholdings of the Non-Executive

Directors in the Company as at March 31, 2020 are

as follows:

Name

No. of Shares

Mr. M M Murugappan

Nil

Mr. V Ravichandran

1,04,670

Mr. Prasad Chandran

Nil

Dr. B V R Mohan Reddy

48,000

Mr. M M Venkatachalam

Nil

Mr. Sumit Bose

Nil

Ms. Aruna B. Advani

Nil

Dr. R Nagarajan

Nil

Mr. K V Parameshwar

Nil

Details of remuneration paid to the Directors for

the year:

•

The details of remuneration paid/payable to the: Managing

Managing Director of

the Company for a period of five years effective October 01,

2015 and his current term of office as: Managing Director

of the Company ends on September 30, 2020. Pursuant to

the provisions of Section 196 of the Companies Act, 2013,

the Board has recommended to the shareholders the re-

appointment of Mr. Sameer Goel as Managing Director for

the period from October 01, 2020 to January 31, 2023.

Mr. M M Murugappan,

Managing Director

01/10/2015

3.

00110086

V Ravichandran

Non-Executive – Non-Independent Director

15/07/2004

4.

00152619

M M Venkatachalam

Non-Executive –Non-Independent Director

23/01/2007

5.

00058215

B V R Mohan Reddy

Non-Executive – Non-Independent Director

22/01/2008

6.

00200379

Prasad Chandran

Non-Executive – Independent Director

18/04/2014

7.

03340616

Sumit Bose

Non-Executive – Independent Director

21/03/2016

8.

00029256

Aruna B. Advani

Non-Executive – Independent Director

30/08/2018

9.

02705175

R. Nagarajan

Non-Executive – Independent Director

01/10/2018

10.

08244973

K V Parameshwar

Non-Executive – Independent Director

01/10/2018

Ensuring the eligibility of, for the appointment/ continuity of, every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of

the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the

affairs of the Company.

For R. Sridharan & Associates

Company Secretaries

CS R. Sridharan

CP No. 3239

FCS No. 4775

Place : Chennai

UIN: S2003TN063400

Date : May 26, 2020

UDIN: F004775B000275441

Annexure -I (Contd.)

To The Members of

Coromandel International Limited

1.

This certificate is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement: letter reference no. ST/067/2019 dated

September 04, 2019.

2.

We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells, Chartered Accountants, the Statutory Auditors of Coromandel International Limited (“the

Company”), have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by the Company, for the year ended on

March 31, 2020, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V

of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the Listing Regulations).

Managements’ Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility includes

the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions

of the Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring

compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the

financial statements of the Company.

5.

We have examined the books of account and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for the

purposes of providing reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by the Company.

6.

We have carried out an examination of the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note on

Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI), the Standards

on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act 2013, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this

certificate and as per the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the ICAI which requires

that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control

for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services

Engagements.

Opinion

8.

Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations provided to us and the

representations provided by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of

the Listing Regulations during the year ended March 31, 2020.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS

Chartered Accountants

(F.R.N. 008072S)

Sumit Trivedi

Partner

Membership No.209354

Secunderabad,

UDIN:20209354AAAAFN2053

May 26, 2020

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Annexure -I (Contd.)

Managing Director

Place: Secunderabad

Dated: May 26, 2020

Annexure -I (Contd.)

Annexure - J

Business Responsibility Report 2019-20

Preface:

Coromandel International Limited presents its ‘Business

Responsibility Report’ (BRR), as mandated by Securities and

Exchange Board of India (SEBI), and in line with the ‘National

Voluntary Guidelines on Social, Environmental and Economic

Responsibilities of Business’ (NVGs), as released by the

Ministry of Corporate Affairs in July 2011. The report has been

prepared as prescribed and in accordance with the Regulation

34 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.

About Coromandel International Limited

Coromandel International Limited is amongst India’s pioneers

and leading agri solutions provider, offering diverse products

and services across the farming value chain. It operates in two

major segments: Nutrient and other allied businesses and Crop

Protection. These include Fertiliser, Crop Protection, Specialty

Nutrients and Organic compost businesses. The Company is

2nd largest manufacturer and marketer of Phosphatic fertiliser in

India. The Company’s Crop Protection products are marketed in

India as well as in international geographies, offering wide range

of technical and formulation products. The Specialty Nutrients

business of the Company focuses on water soluble fertiliser

and secondary & micro nutrients segments. The Company is a

leading marketer of Organic fertiliser in India and has recently

added bio pesticide solutions to its portfolio. It also operates

a network of around 750 rural retail outlets across Andhra

Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka and Maharashtra. Through these

Retail outlets, the Company offers farming services including

crop advisory, soil testing and farm mechanization to around 3

million farmers. The Company has a strong R&D and Regulatory

setup, supporting the businesses in process development and

new product introduction. The Company has 16 manufacturing

facilities, producing wide range of Nutrient and Crop Protection

products, which are marketed through an extensive network of

dealers and its own retail centers.

For more details, visit www.coromandel.biz

Business Responsibility Report: 2019-20

Section A: General Information about the Company

1

Corporate Identity Number

L24120TG1961PLC000892

2

Name of the company

Coromandel International Limited

3

Registered address

Coromandel House, 1-2-10, Sardar Patel Road,

Secunderabad - 500 003, Telangana

4

Website

www.coromandel.biz

5

E-mail id

mail@coromandel.murugappa.com

6

Financial Year reported

2019-20

7

Sector(s) that the Company is engaged in (industrial

activity code-wise)

Fertilisers & Chemicals

Fertiliser – 20122 | Pesticides – 20211

8

List three key products/services that the Company

manufactures/provides

Fertilisers, Crop Protection Products and

Speciality Nutrients

9

Total number of locations where business activity is

undertaken by the Company

16 Manufacturing Locations in India

AP - Vizag, Kakinada | TN: Ennore, Ranipet, Thyagavalli |

JK: Jammu | GJ: Ankleshwar, Dahej, Sarigam, Nandesari |

RJ: Udaipur, Kota | MP: Nimrani | KA-Hospet ,

UP – Raebareli | MH – Pali

10

Markets served by the Company

India, Latin America, APAC, Africa, Europe, Australia and

New Zealand

Section B: Financial Details of the Company

1

Paid up capital

` 29.30 Crores

2

Total turnover

` 13,155 Crores

3

Total profit after tax

` 1,059 Crores

4

Total spending on CSR as percentage of PAT (%)

2 %

5

List of the activities in which expenditure in 4 above has

been incurred

CSR Activities of Coromandel are focused on Health, Education

and Community Development. For details refer Annual Report

-Annexure- H on CSR activities.:

Managing Director

DIN: 07298938

BR Head:

Mr. Sameer Goel,: Managing

Managing Director,

is a Director in FAI, Mr. Srikanthan S, EVP & Business Head

(Crop Protection) is among the Board of Directors CCFI while Dr.

Kuppusamy, Sr.GM & Head-Regulatory Affairs (Crop Protection)

and Dr. Rajul Edoliya, VP & Head-Business Development &

Regulatory Affairs (Crop Protection) are Technical Committee

members in CCFI. Mr. B. Prasannatha Rao, Executive VP

and Head of HR, is a member of National Human Resource

Development (NHRD) and Mr. Arun Leslie George, Executive

VP and Head of Retail Business, is a member of Board of

Apprenticeship training. Also, Dr. Amit Rastogi, EVP-Technology

is a member of Working Group on Nutrient Stewardship in IFA

and a member of Agricultural Sciences Advisory Committee

in FAI, Mr. Amir Alvi, EVP & Head – Manufacturing (Fert.) is a

member of technical committees in FAI & IFA while Mr. Kalidas

P, EVP & Head – Sales & Marketing (Fert. & Org.) is a member

of FAI and Mr. Pradeep Kumar, VP & Head of HR(Fert.. Org. &

SND) is a member of NHRD & CII. Coromandel’s engagement

with the relevant authorities for responsible advocacy is guided

by the values of integrity, respect and responsibility and with

sustainable value for all stakeholders. Few of the key areas that

Coromandel has advocated in last few years through industry

associations for the advancement and benefits of farmers, as

well as production augmentation and employment generation

are mentioned below.

1.

Direct Benefit transfer

2.

Environmental Clearance for new manufacturing projects

3.

GST rate on Fertiliser

4.

Quality testing of SSP

5.

Priority of ‘Make in India’ concept for Fertiliser industry

6.

Balanced use of Fertiliser Nutrients

7.

Neem oil coating of Urea

8.

Micro Nutrient Fortification

Annexure J (Contd...)

To further strengthen its commitment to environment,

Coromandel Vizag plant has adopted certain new and

emerging technologies for environment conservation. Some of

these include:



Miyawaki plantation which is under progress



Gypsum lining through CPCB approved methodology

with sump and pump arrangement



HF analysers with latest TDLAS technology installed

at PAP-2



SO2 analysers also with CPCB approved technology

installed at Boiler

Coromandel has continued its support to improve the green

cover through various initiatives:



Around 20,000 samplings completed during FY 19-20 and

till date total 90,000 saplings planted in Visakhapatnam

city under Green Visakha with the help of District Forest

Officer & VUDA



At Ennore, plantation has taken place in and around

plant premises. Banyan trees plantation has taken place

around the peripheral areas in Ammonia tank area



Around 300 acres of Kakinada Plant is covered till date

by Green Belt. Construction of Birds Paradise at Kakinada

unit which has been featured in BBC documentary in the

field of Biodiversity conservation.

To become energy efficient various projects were executed

across units on a continuous basis. Following are some the key

initiatives in this direction at few of the manufacturing units:



Vizag Plant:

Ǔ

Installation of Variable Frequency Drives in Sep

2019 with an investment of ` 140 Lakhs which

resulted in energy saving of 3,28,765 kWH

/year units

Ǔ

Modernisation of electrical Low-Tension switchgear

which has resulted in Energy saving of 1,92,000

kWH /year

Ǔ

Modern Energy Efficient LED lighting system

which has resulted in Energy saving of 12,52,826

kWH / year



Ennore Plant:

Ǔ

90 Nos. Energy efficiency motor replaced instead of

normal motor



Kakinada Plant:

Ǔ

Kakinada unit makes use of Solar energy as a

renewable source of energy. It is having Solar

water heating facility for the boiler feed water

heating purpose. This helps in reducing Natural

gas consumption for preheating purpose through

the two sets of heater available, the temperature

of water can be increased up to 80’C producing

1,20,000 liters per day.

Ǔ

Beside these, for reducing grid power consumption

company has taken the following initiatives:

•

Installed 450 no’s of LED Energy Saving lights

resulted in savings of 2,77,777 Units per year

•

Installed 40 no’s of IE3 motor installation

of below 5 HP ratings resulted in savings of

92,592 Units/ year

•

Installed BLDC replacing conventional fans

resulted in savings of 36,900 Units per year



SSP plants:

o

Installation of VFD (variable frequency drive) was

done at Udaipur, Baroda, Ranipet and Nimrani

Units

o

Installation of LED lights has been done across

Units based on replacement strategy

o

IE 3 motor replacement and Energy efficiently

motor procurement has been done in the project

o

To improve scrubber system efficiency invested

` 255 Lakhs on revamp of scrubber system



Ankleshwar Unit:

o

About 1,06,051 KWH of energy saving achieved by

installation of energy efficient motors at various

locations in the plant

o

About 1,97,810 KWH of energy saving achieved by

installation of energy efficient cooling tower pumps

with motors in Utility section

o

About 41,451 KWH of energy saving achieved by

installation of high efficiency energy saving E-Glass

Proxy FRP Fans for different cooling towers

o

About 5,465 KWH of energy saving achieved by

installation of energy efficient BLDC ceiling fan at

various locations in the plant

o

About 19,320 KWH of energy saving achieved by

installation of steam operated pressure powered

pump unit (PPPU) in Malathion/Profenofos & MEE

Plant for condensate transfer

Coromandel has also received recognition for its various

environmental initiatives during 2019-20:



Vizag and Ennore units have received CII EHS excellence

awards – 3 star rating from CII Southern Region



The bio-diversity effort of having Bird’s Paradise inside

the factory premises at Kakinada has been recognised

by the Government of Andhra Pradesh by felicitating

with the State Biodiversity Award in the month of

May’2019:

Managing Director

M M Murugappan

Chairman

Sumit Trivedi

Partner

Membership Number: 209354

Place: Secunderabad / Chennai

Date: 26 May 2020

Jayashree Satagopan

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

In terms of our report attached

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration Number: 008072S

Sameer Goel: Managing Director

M M Murugappan

Managing Director

M M Murugappan

Chairman

Sumit Trivedi

Partner

Membership Number: 209354

Place: Secunderabad / Chennai

Date: 26 May 2020

Jayashree Satagopan

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary:

Managing Director

M M Murugappan

Chairman

Sumit Trivedi

Partner

Membership Number: 209354

Place: Secunderabad / Chennai

Date: 26 May 2020

Jayashree Satagopan

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary:

Managing Director

•

S

Sankarasubramanian-

President

&

Head

(Fertilisers)

•

Amit Rastogi – Executive Vice President –

Technology

•

Amir Alvi – Executive Vice President & Head

Manufacturing (Fertilisers)

•

Arun Leslie George – Executive Vice President &

Head (Retail)

•

B Prasannatha Rao – Executive Vice President &

Head – HR

•

Jayashree Satagopan- Executive Vice President &

Chief Financial Officer

•

Kalidas Pramanik – Executive Vice President -

Marketing (Fertilisers & Organic)

•

Narayanan Vellayan – Senior Associate Vice

President – Speciality Nutrients

•

P Varadarajan – Senior Vice President – Legal and

Company Secretary

•

S Govindarajan – Executive Vice President & Head

– Commercial

•

Srikanthan S – Executive Vice President & Head –

Crop Protection

•

T S Venkateswaran –Vice President – Internal

Audit & Risk Management

The executive leadership team reviews the results of our

operations and our financial position on consolidated,

operating segment and business unit levels. Our operating

segments are defined by the organisation and reporting

structure through which we operate our business. We

categorise our operating segments into Nutrient and

other allied business, and Crop Protection.

The Company has 17 manufacturing facilities located

across India. The Company also operates a network

of retail outlets across Andhra Pradesh, Telangana,

Karnataka and Maharashtra. The Company’s products

are marketed all over the Country through an extensive

network of dealers and its own retail centers. The crop

protection products are exported to various countries.

2

Significant accounting policies

2.1

Statement of compliance

The financial statements which comprise the

Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and

Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income),

the Cash Flow Statement, and the Statement

of Changes in Equity (“financial statements”)

have been prepared in accordance with Indian

Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under the

Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the

Act”), Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)

Rules, 2015, along with relevant amendment rules

issued thereafter and other relevant provisions

of the Act, as applicable. Except for the changes

below, the Company has consistently applied

accounting policies to all periods.

i)

The Company has adopted Ind AS 116 ‘Leases’

with the date of initial application being 1 April

2019. Ind AS 116 replaces Ind AS 17 – Leases and

related interpretation and guidance. The standard

sets out principles for recognition, measurement,

presentation and disclosure of leases for both

parties to a contract i.e., the lessee and the lessor.

Ind AS 116 introduces a single lessee accounting

model and requires a lessee to recognise assets

and liabilities for all leases with a term of more

than 12 months, unless the underlying asset is of

low value. The Company has applied Ind AS 116

using the modified retrospective approach. As a

result, the comparative information has not been

restated. Refer Note 38 for further details.

ii)

Appendix C to Ind AS 12, Uncertainty over

Income Tax Treatments: On March 30, 2019,

Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) has notified

the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)

Amendment Rules, 2019 containing Appendix

C to Ind AS 12, Uncertainty over Income Tax

Treatments which clarifies the application and

measurement requirements in Ind AS 12 when

there is uncertainty over income tax treatments.

The current and deferred tax asset or liability

shall be recognized and measured by applying the

requirements in Ind AS 12 based on the taxable

profit (tax loss), tax bases, unused tax losses,

unused tax credits and tax rates determined

by applying this appendix. The amendment is

effective from 1 April 2019. The Company has

evaluated the effect of this amendment on the:

letter of comfort from Government of India under Special Banking Arrangement.

iii)

Unsecured loans repayable on demand comprises of buyers credit denominated in foreign currency and unsecured

short-term loans comprise of commercial paper, short-term loans.

iv)

Unsecured loans from related parties comprise of loan from a subsidiary, Liberty Pesticides and Fertilizers Limited.

18.2 Breach of loan agreement

There is no breach of loan agreement.

19. Other financial liabilities

As at

31 March 2020

As at

31 March 2019

Financial liabilities mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)

Derivatives not designated in hedge accounting relationships

Foreign currency forward contracts

921

5,253

Derivatives designated in hedge accounting relationships

1,229

53

2,150

5,306

Financial liabilities carried at amortised cost

Security and trade deposits received (includes non-current portion of `144 lakhs

(2019: `168 lakhs)

15,036

13,385

Interest accrued but not due on borrowings

284

415

Interest accrued but not due on others

1,142

1,043

Unclaimed dividends

1,923

1,864

Unclaimed debentures

844

846

Payables on purchase of fixed assets

2,546

985

21,775

18,538

23,925

23,844

Current

23,779

23,676

Non-current

146

168

23,925

23,844

Retained earnings represents the Company’s undistributed earnings after taxes.

In respect of the year ended 31 March 2020, the directors proposed that a dividend of `12 per share be paid on fully paid

equity shares. The proposed equity dividend is subject to approval by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting and

has not been included as a liability in these financial statements. The total estimated amount to be paid with respect to

dividend is `35,154 Lakhs.

In respect of the year ended 31 March 2019, the directors approved payment of interim dividend of `3 per share and

proposed that a final dividend of `3.50 per share be paid on fully paid equity shares which was approved by the shareholders

at the Annual General Meeting. The total amount paid with respect to interim dividend is `10,577 Lakhs including dividend

distribution tax of `1,803 Lakhs and with respect to final dividend is `12,343 Lakhs including dividend distribution tax of

`2,105 Lakhs.

In July 2018, a dividend of `3.50 per share amounting to total dividend of `12,338 lakhs including dividend distribution

tax of `2,104 lakhs was paid to holders of fully paid equity shares with respect to the final dividend for the year ended

31 March 2018

As at

31 March 2020

As at

31 March 2019

(iii)

Capital Reserve

20

20

(iv)

Capital Redemption reserve

986

986

Capital redemption reserve has been created pursuant to the requirements of the Act under which the Company is

required to transfer certain amounts on buyback of Company’s own shares and on redemption of the preference

shares. The Company has bought back its own shares and also redeemed the underlying preference shares in the

earlier years. The capital redemption reserve can be utilised for issue of bonus shares.

(v)

Securities premium

Balance at beginning of year

13,201

12,608

Amount transferred on exercise of employee stock option

479

142

Amount received on exercise of employee stock option

1,361

451

15,041

13,201

Securities premium represents the amount received in excess of the face value of the equity shares. The utilisation of

the securities premium is governed by the Section 52 of the Act.

(vi)

Central subsidy

11

11

(vii)

Share options outstanding account

Balance at beginning of year

1,466

908

Amount transferred on exercise/ cancellation of employee stock option

(743)

(142)

Recognition of share based payment expense

518

700

1,241

1,466

Share options outstanding account relates to share options granted by the Company to its employees under its

employee share option plans. These will be transferred to retained earnings after the exercise of the underlying options.

(viii) Reserve for equity instruments through other comprehensive income

Balance at the beginning of the year

(7,425)

(8,558)

Net fair value gain/ (loss) on investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI

(net of tax)

975

1,133

(6,450)

(7,425)

This reserve represents the cumulative gains and losses arising on the revaluation of equity instruments measured at

fair value through other comprehensive income, net of amounts reclassified to retained earnings when those assets

have been disposed of.

(ix)

Cash flow hedge reserve

Balance at beginning of year

(18)

-

Effective portion of cash flow hedges (net of tax)

(898)

(18)

(916)

(18)

Cash flow hedge reserve represents effective portion of cash flow hedges taken to Other comprehensive income:

Managing Director

M M Murugappan

Chairman

Jayashree Satagopan

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Place: Secunderabad / Chennai

Date: 26 May 2020:

Managing Director

M M Murugappan

Chairman

Sumit Trivedi

Partner

Membership Number: 209354

Place: Secunderabad / Chennai

Date: 26 May 2020

Jayashree Satagopan

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Note

As at

31 March 2020

As at

31 March 2019

I

ASSETS

1

Non-current assets

(a) Property, plant and equipment

3

1,61,377

1,30,119

(b) Capital work-in-progress

3

4,921

17,560

(c) Right-of-use assets

4

41,201

-

(d) Goodwill

32

32

(e) Other intangible assets

5

618

797

(f)

Intangible assets under development

5

1,622

1,524

(g) Financial assets

i)

Investments

a) Investments in joint ventures and associate

6

2,079

1,706

b) Other investments

6

19,054

18,362

ii)

Other financial assets

7

5

-

(h)

Income tax assets (net)

43

45

(i) Other non-current assets

8

4,546

11,957

2,35,498

1,82,102

2

Current assets

(a)

Inventories

9

2,69,713

3,24,139

(b)

Financial assets

i)

Investments

10

*

14

ii)

Trade receivables

11

1,73,411

1,82,442

iii) Government subsidies receivable

2,31,622

2,39,348

iv) Cash and cash equivalents

12

5,054

13,213

v)

Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents

13

2,776

2,719

vi) Loans

14

42,857

42,805

vii) Other financial assets

7

10,089

4,309

(c)

Other current assets

15

43,857

66,301

7,79,379

8,75,290

Total assets

10,14,877

10,57,392

II

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

1

Equity

(a)

Equity share capital

16

2,930

2,925

(b)

Other equity

17

4,28,840

3,32,914

Equity attributable to owners of the Company

4,31,770

3,35,839

2

Non-current liabilities

(a)

Financial liabilities

i)

Lease liabilities

4

37,542

-

ii)

Other financial liabilities

19

146

168

(b) Provisions

20

2,108

1,397

(c) Deferred tax liabilities (net)

21.1

5,783

11,229

(d) Other non-current liabilities

22

877

908

46,456

13,702

3

Current liabilities

(a)

Financial liabilities

i)

Borrowings

18

1,62,512

2,95,447

ii) Lease liabilities

4

1,855

-

iii) Trade payables

23

Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises

943

1,261

Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small

enterprises

3,33,868

3,74,986

iv) Other financial liabilities

19

23,783

23,671

(b)

Provisions

20

1,460

1,810

(c)

Current tax liabilities (net)

21.4

4,305

3,834

(d)

Other current liabilities

22

7,925

6,842

5,36,651

7,07,851

Total liabilities

5,83,107

7,21,553

Total equity and liabilities

10,14,877

10,57,392

*less than a lakh

See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements

Consolidated Balance Sheet

as at 31 March 2020

(` in lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

In terms of our report attached

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration Number: 008072S

Sameer Goel: Managing Director

M M Murugappan

Managing Director

M M Murugappan

Chairman

Sumit Trivedi

Partner

Membership Number: 209354

Place: Secunderabad / Chennai

Date: 26 May 2020

Jayashree Satagopan

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

For the year ended

31 March 2020

For the year ended

31 March 2019

Cash flow from financing activities

Proceeds from issue of equity shares on exercise of employee stock options

1,366

452

Increase/ (decrease) in short-term borrowings

(1,35,740)

23,157

Dividend paid including tax thereon

(12,343)

(22,915)

Interest and other borrowing costs paid

(23,985)

(25,105)

Repayment of Lease liabilty

(C)

(1,608)

-

Net cash from/ (used in) financing activities

(1,72,310)

(24,411)

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (A + B + C)

(8,306)

(31,477)

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

13,213

44,652

Exchange (loss)/ gain on cash and cash equivalents

147

38

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (as per Note 12)

5,054

13,213

Note:

1.

Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the Indirect method as set out in the Indian Accounting Standard 7 on Cash

Flow Statements. Cash and cash equivalents in the Cash Flow Statement comprise cash at bank and in hand, demand

deposits and cash equivalents which are short-term and held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments.

2.

Reconciliation of Short-term borrowings:

Opening balance

2,95,447

2,72,844

Proceeds/(repayments) of short-term borrowings (net)

(1,35,740)

23,157

Foreign exchange adjustment

2,805

(554)

Closing balance

1,62,512

2,95,447

3.

Reconciliation of lease liabilities:

Opening balance

-

-

Impact of Ind AS 116*

41,005

-

Repayment

(1,608)

-

Closing balance

39,397

-

*Includes lease liabilities recognised during the year amounting to `2,734 lakhs.

See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements

Consolidated Cash flow statement

for the year ended 31 March 2020

(` in lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

M M Murugappan

Chairman

Sumit Trivedi

Partner

Membership Number: 209354

Place: Secunderabad / Chennai

Date: 26 May 2020

Jayashree Satagopan

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

b.

Other equity

(` in lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

Reserves and Surplus (refer Note 17)

Items of other comprehensive income(refer Note 17)

Capital

reserve

Capital

redemption

reserve

Securities

premium

Central

subsidy

General

reserve

Share options

outstanding

account

Retained

earnings

Foreign

currency

translation

reserve

Equity

instruments

through other

comprehensive

income

Effective

portion of

cash flow

hedges

Total

Balance at 1 April 2018

352

986

12,608

11 2,03,328

908

81,810

5,054

(18,354)

- 2,86,703

Profit for the year

-

-

-

-

-

-

72,048

-

-

-

72,048

Other comprehensive income for the year, net

of income tax

-

-

-

-

-

-

(31)

463

(4,487)

(18)

(4,073)

Total comprehensive income for the year

72,017

463

(4,487)

(18)

67,975

Recognition of share-based payments

-

-

-

-

-

700

-

-

-

-

700

Amount received on exercise of employee

stock options

-

-

451

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

451

Dividend on equity shares including dividend

distribution tax

-

-

-

-

-

-

(22,915)

-

-

- (22,915)

Amounts transferred within the reserves

-

-

142

-

30,000

(142)

(30,000)

-

-

-

-

Balance at 31 March 2019

352

986

13,201

11 2,33,328

1,466 1,00,912

5,517

(22,841)

(18) 3,32,914

Balance at 1 April 2019

352

986

13,201

11 2,33,328

1,466 1,00,912

5,517

(22,841)

(18) 3,32,914

Profit for the year

-

-

-

-

-

- 1,06,504

-

-

- 1,06,504

Other comprehensive income for the year, net

of income tax

-

-

-

-

-

-

(25)

210

599

(898)

(114)

Total comprehensive income for the year

1,06,479

210

599

(898) 1,06,390

Recognition of share-based payments

-

-

-

-

-

518

-

-

-

-

518

Dividend on equity shares including dividend

distribution tax

-

-

-

-

-

-

(12,343)

-

-

- (12,343)

Amount received on exercise of employee

stock options

-

-

1,361

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,361

Amounts transferred within the reserves

-

-

479

-

30,264

(743)

(30,000)

-

-

-

-

Balance at 31 March 2020

352

986

15,041

11

263,592

1,241 1,65,048

5,727

(22,242)

(916) 4,28,840

See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended 31 March 2020:

Managing Director

•

S

Sankarasubramanian-

President

&

Head

(Fertilisers)

•

Amit Rastogi – Executive Vice President –

Technology

•

Amir Alvi – Executive Vice President & Head

Manufacturing (Fertilisers)

•

Arun Leslie George – Executive Vice President &

Head (Retail)

•

B Prasannatha Rao – Executive Vice President &

Head – HR

•

Jayashree Satagopan- Executive Vice President &

Chief Financial Officer

•

Kalidas Pramanik – Executive Vice President -

Marketing (Fertilisers & Organic)

•

Narayanan Vellayan – Senior Associate Vice

President – Speciality Nutrients

•

P Varadarajan – Senior Vice President – Legal and

Company Secretary

•

S Govindarajan – Executive Vice President & Head

– Commercial

•

Srikanthan S – Executive Vice President & Head –

Crop Protection

•

T S Venkateswaran –Vice President – Internal

Audit & Risk Management

The executive leadership team reviews the results of our

operations and our financial position on consolidated,

operating segment and business unit levels. Our operating

segments are defined by the organisation and reporting

structure through which we operate our business. We

categorise our operating segments into Nutrient and

other allied business, and Crop Protection.

2

Significant accounting policies

2.1

Statement of compliance

The Consolidated financial statements which

comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet, the

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

(including Other Comprehensive Income), the

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement, and the

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

(“consolidated financial statements”) have been

prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting

Standards (Ind AS) notified under the Section 133

of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), Companies

(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, along

with relevant amendment rules issued thereafter

and other relevant provisions of the Act, as

applicable. Except for the changes below, the Group

has consistently applied accounting policies to all

periods.

i)

The Group has adopted Ind AS 116 ‘Leases’

with the date of initial application being 1 April

2019.

Ind AS 116 replaces Ind AS 17 – Leases and

related interpretation and guidance. The

standard sets out principles for recognition,

measurement, presentation and disclosure of

leases for both parties to a contract i.e., the

lessee and the lessor. Ind AS 116 introduces a

single lessee accounting model and requires

a lessee to recognise assets and liabilities

for all leases with a term of more than 12

months, unless the underlying asset is of

low value. The Group has applied Ind AS 116

using the modified retrospective approach.

As a result, the comparative information has

not been restated. Refer Note 38 for further

details.

ii)

Appendix C to Ind AS 12, Uncertainty over

Income Tax Treatments: On 30 March

2019, Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”)

has

notified

the

Companies

(Indian

Accounting

Standards)

Amendment

Rules, 2019 containing Appendix C to

Ind AS 12, Uncertainty over Income Tax

Treatments which clarifies the application

and measurement requirements in Ind AS

12 when there is uncertainty over income

tax treatments. The current and deferred

tax asset or liability shall be recognized and

measured by applying the requirements in Ind

AS 12 based on the taxable profit (tax loss),

tax bases, unused tax losses, unused tax

credits and tax rates determined by applying

this appendix. The amendment is effective

from 1 April 2019. The Group has evaluated

the effect of this amendment on the financial

statements and concluded that there is no

significant impact.

iii)

Amendment to Ind AS 19 ‘Employee Benefits’:

On 30 March 2019, the Ministry of Corporate

Affairs has notified limited amendments to

Ind AS 19 ‘Employee Benefits’ in connection

with accounting for plan amendments,

curtailments

and

settlements.

The

amendments require an entity to use updated

assumptions to determine current service

cost and net interest for the remainder of the

period after a plan amendment, curtailment or

settlement and to recognise in profit or loss as

part of past service cost, or a gain or loss on

settlement, any reduction in a surplus, even

if that surplus was not previously recognised

because of the impact of the asset ceiling.

The amendment is effective from 1 April

2019. The Group has evaluated the effect of

this amendment on the financial statements

and concluded that this amendment is

currently not applicable.

iv)

Amendment to Ind AS 12 ‘Income Taxes’: On

30 March 2019, the Ministry of Corporate

Affairs has notified limited amendments to

Ind AS 12 ‘Income Taxes’. The amendments

require an entity to recognise the income tax

consequences of dividends as defined in Ind

AS 109 when it recognises a liability to pay

a dividend. The income tax consequences

of dividends are linked more directly to

past transactions or events that generated

distributable profits than to distributions to

owners. Therefore, an entity shall recognize

the income tax consequences of dividends in

profit or loss, other comprehensive income or

equity according to where the entity originally

recognised those past transactions or events.

The amendment is effective from 1 April

2019. The Group has evaluated the effect of

this amendment on the financial statements

and concluded that there is no significant

impact.

2.2

Basis of preparation and presentation

The consolidated financial statements include

accounts of Coromandel International Limited (“the

Company”) and its subsidiaries Liberty Pesticides

and Fertilisers Limited, Sabero Organics America

S.A., Sabero Australia Pty Ltd, Sabero Europe B.V.,

Sabero Argentina S.A., Coromandel Agronegocios

de Mexico S.A de C.V (formerly Sabero Organics

Mexico S.A de C.V), Parry Chemicals Limited,

Dare Investments Limited, CFL Mauritius Limited,

Coromandel Brasil Limitada, (a Limited Liability

Partnership), Parry America Inc, Coromandel

International (Nigeria) Coromandel Mali SASU; all

together referred to as ‘the Group’, its joint venture

companies Yanmar Coromandel Agrisolutions

Private Limited and Coromandel SQM (India)

Private Limited, and Associate Company Sabero

Organics Philippines Asia Inc.

The consolidated financial statements have been

prepared on the historical cost basis except for

certain financial instruments that are measured at

fair values at the end of each reporting period, and

on accrual basis.

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value

of the consideration given in exchange for goods

and services.

Fair value is the price that would be received to

sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an

orderly transaction between market participants

at the measurement date, regardless of whether

that price is directly observable or estimated

using another valuation technique. In estimating

the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group

takes into account the characteristics of the asset

or liability if market participants would take those

characteristics into account when pricing the asset

or liability at the measurement date. Fair value

for measurement and/or disclosure purposes

in these financial statements is determined on

such a basis, except for share-based payment

transactions that are within the scope of Ind AS

102, leasing transactions that are within the scope

of Ind AS 116, and measurements that have some

similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such

as net realisable value in Ind AS 2 or value in use in

Ind AS 36.

In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair

value measurements are categorized into Level

1, 2, or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs

to the fair value measurements are observable

and the significance of the inputs to the fair value

measurement in its entirety, which are described as

follows:

•

Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted)

in active markets for identical assets or

liabilities that the entity can access at the

measurement date;:

letter of comfort from Government of India under Special Banking Arrangement.

iii)

Unsecured loans repayable on demand comprises of buyers credit denominated in foreign currency and unsecured

short-term loans comprise of commercial paper, short-term6 loans.

18.2 Breach of loan agreement

There is no breach of loan agreement

19. Other financial liabilities

As at

31 March 2020

As at

31 March 2019

Financial liabilities mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss

(FVTPL)

Derivatives not designated in hedge accounting relationships

Foreign currency forward contracts

921

5,253

Derivatives designated in hedge accounting relationships

1,229

53

2,150

5,306

Financial liabilities carried at amortised cost

Security and trade deposits received (includes non-current portion of `144 lakhs

(2019: `168 lakhs)

15,036

13,386

Interest accrued but not due on borrowings

284

407

Interest accrued but not due on others

1,142

1,043

Unclaimed dividends

1,923

1,864

Unclaimed debentures

844

846

Payables on purchase of fixed assets

2,546

985

Others

4

2

21,779

18,533

23,929

23,839

Current

23,783

23,671

Non-current

146

168

23,929

23,839

20. Provisions

As at

31 March 2020

As at

31 March 2019

Employee benefits*

3,568

3,207

3,568

3,207

Current

1,460

1,810

Non-current

2,108

1,397

3,568

3,207

*The provision for employee benefits represents leave entitlements and gratuity. Refer Note 34(a) for details

21. Income tax

As at

31 March 2020

As at

31 March 2019

21.1 Deferred tax liabilities (net)

Deferred tax liabilities

14,269

19,649

Deferred tax assets

(8,486)

(8,420)

5,783

11,229:

Managing Director

M M Murugappan

Chairman

Jayashree Satagopan

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Place: Secunderabad / Chennai

Date: 26 May 2020

Notes:

