Dear Stakeholders,

We live in unprecedented times, which put to

test the collective strength of our characters

as individuals and businesses. The Coronavirus

pandemic has disrupted our way of life. It has also

brought to the fore the global interdependencies

between economic, environmental, social and

governance outcomes. Simply put, the immunity

of the entire ecosystem is compromised, if one part

gets affected.

That being said, we are also presented with a unique

opportunity – to effect transformative changes in

our thinking and actions towards building a better,

stronger, resilient, and inclusive future. At Hindustan

Zinc, we are working closely with our stakeholders

to re-imagine a sustainable future through smart

mining, making our processes safer and more

efficient, across the value chain.

Defining a Sustainability Roadmap

We have established our Sustainability Goals 2025,

in line with the emerging external environment

(changing demand dynamics in a post-COVID

world) and developments within the organisation

(completion of major capacity expansion).

We are prioritising eight material issues of

high importance:

• GHG emissions

• Water stewardship

• Waste management

• Biodiversity

• Health and safety

• Community engagement and development

• Diversity and equal opportunity

• Supply chain sustainability

Our sustainability goals for 2025 are the lighthouse

around which we will plan all our activities over the

next five years.

Conversion of tailings into paste fillings and moving

them to underground mines is critical to achieve

our goal of having zero waste to landfill. At present,

30-40% of our tailings goes into mine backfills,

which we plan to make 50-60% going forward.

Further, the commissioning of the fumer project

will lead to an annual recovery of 32 MT of silver

and 5,500 MT of zinc and lead from zinc residue.

This project will also lead to overall waste reduction

and lower landfill requirements.

We are a 2.41 times water positive organisation

and we aspire to become a 5 times water positive

organisation through exploring alternative water

sources, dry tailing and other initiatives enabling

us to reclaim more water.

Leveraging Data to Enhance Mine Safety

We have deployed smart, interconnected machines

in our wi-fi enabled underground mines, which

transmit data in real time. This allows for better

planning and faster decision-making, while reducing

overall downtimes. Technology is also enabling us to

enhance safety in our underground mines. In more

high-risk zones, we operate drills and loaders from

safe, remote locations. Further, we monitor all our

despatches through GPS, as well as movement of

men and machines, which minimises the possibilities

of collision. Deployment of these cutting-edge

technologies comes at a significant financial cost,

but we view it as an investment in sustainability,

which will provide significant returns over the

medium to long term.

Ensuring Sustainability for All

At Hindustan Zinc, we encourage diversity and

inclusion at the workplace. We hire talent from

premier institutions across India from different

educational backgrounds, geographies, special

abilities and skillsets. We see significant scope for

more women engineers to join our underground

mines. As part of our overarching objective of

giving back to the society, we work closely with

the government to create more employment

opportunities for locals in our communities.

During the nationwide lockdown, we worked

proactively to support our communities, providing

them with masks, food and other basic necessities.

We created a facility for mine workers with food and

other amenities. They accepted our hospitality and

kept our operations running. I extend my heartfelt

gratitude to them for their unwavering dedication.

Our customers remain at the core of our existence.

Our focus on ensuring responsible and sustainable

practices across the value chain is the primary

reason why we remain the preferred choice for

our marquee customers.

We engage with our suppliers constantly and

handhold them to imbibe our principles and values

within their businesses. During the year under

review, we conducted events such as ‘Confluence’

and projects such as ‘Sarathi’ for this purpose.

Producing metals with no compromise on safety and

environmental norms, ensuring no negative impact

from our operations, ancillary units around our

community were other focus areas.

We stay committed to creating jobs in our

communities, serving our nation to the best of

our abilities and creating value for the country in

a sustainable manner.

Road Ahead

The pandemic situation continues to evolve,

prompting lasting changes to the way we live, work

and socialise. There is greater appreciation for cleaner

cities than ever before. All organisations have learnt

to adapt to a remote work environment, requiring

minimal presence of staff at premises. It is difficult

to predict what will happen in the future, because

it depends on what we do today.

At Hindustan Zinc, our endeavour will be to progress

on our sustainable development goals, encourage

further collaborations to drive inclusive growth and

achieve our Sustainability Goals 2025.

In conclusion, I would like to thank all our

stakeholders, including customers, employees,

shareholders, business partners, government,

regulators, among others and seek their constant

support in future.

Warm regards

Arun Misra

Deputy Chief Executive Officer:

letter/notice seeking clarification and mitigation

plan is sent across to such vendors, who fail to meet

or sustain the minimum criteria. Further, if these

partners are unable to satisfy compliance to the

conditions laid down in the standards, they will not

be engaged till the compliance is met.:

Message from the Chairman

14 CEO's Message

16 Key Performance Indicators

20 Leveraging Digital and Driving Innovation

22 Awards and Accolades

23 Investment Case

HOW WE CREATE VALUE

24 Value Creation Model

26 External Environment

28 Stakeholder Engagement

32 Materiality

STRATEGIES THAT DRIVE US

36 Strategic Priorities

40 Managing Capital Trade-offs

42 Distributing Value Generated

44 Risk Management

HOLISTIC GROWTH

64 Sustainability an Overview

66 Environment

72 Social

84 Governance and Ethics

86 Board of Directors

88 Senior Management

STATUTORY REPORTS

90 Board’s Report

114 Corporate Governance Report

136 Business Responsibility Report

Future is Smarter Operations

Page 20

Sustainability -

An Overview

Page 64

Zenith of Silver

Page 57

Standing with Our

Communities during the

COVID-19 Crisis

Page 76

INTEGRATED REPORT

OUR OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE

50 Zinc

52 Lead

53 Silver

54 Mines

58 Smelters and Refinery

60 Exploration

62 Captive Power Plant (CPP):

Message from the Chairman

Sustainable Mining

for Tomorrow: Dear Stakeholders,

This is our first ever integrated report wherein

we have presented a holistic view of our value

creation that goes beyond financials to equally

important metrics of environment, social, governance

and nation building. Through a discourse on our

strategy, performance, resources and relationships,

governance and risks and opportunities, we have

provided insights into our ability to create value for all

our stakeholders. I hope you find our first integrated

report relevant, transparent and engaging.

It has been more than a year since I joined your

Board as

Dear Stakeholders,

I am delighted to share that we delivered a healthy

performance in a challenging market scenario.

We progressively ramped up our production during

the year and achieved accelerated production rate

in the final quarter, before operations were halted in

late March 2020 on account of lockdown to combat

the spread of COVID-19. This translated into record

ore production of 14.5 mn MT, up 5% from a year ago,

led by Rampura Agucha and Zawar mines.

Mined and refined metal production were lower

from last year by 2-3%, primarily due to fewer days

of production in March. On account of 12% fall in

zinc and 8% decline in lead London Metal Exchange

(LME) prices, the revenue and PAT were down

12% and 14% to C18,561 Crore and C6,805 Crore,

respectively, for the year.

FY 2019-20 was a muted year for zinc as prices

declined in the first half of the year due to global

trade tensions, raising concerns around consumption

slowdown. Prices turned around thereafter only

to fall back sharply after the outbreak of the

novel coronavirus and eventual pandemic that

has impacted demand as well as supply globally.

While the headwinds for zinc consumption may

sustain, supply will also witness some curtailment

on account of restrictions due to the pandemic.

Also, the current prices will not only make high-cost

mines unviable but also lead to interruption in the

project pipeline of new supply. Hence, we expect

CEO's Message

Creating Smarter

Value Sustainably

that zinc metal supply to match the demand

in the near-term and offer support to zinc

prices going forward.

I am glad to report successful completion of the first

phase of our mining capacity expansion project.

The project that started in 2013 has quadrupled

our underground mining capacity from c.300 kT

annually to 1.2 mn MT per annum. In addition,

we debottlenecked our smelting capacity to

1.123 mn MT per annum to match up to a higher

mining capacity.

We remain focused on strengthening our

sustainability efforts, technology and digitalisation

initiatives to build on our industry leadership and

deliver superior returns to our shareholders.

Exploration for Resource Sustainability

We are working relentlessly towards realising our

long-term business growth potential and are in

advanced stages of implementing brownfield

exploration programme across all our mining leases.

The focus is not only to upgrade resource to reserve

but also to add new resources to maintain a 25-year

mine life. To this end, we have deployed advanced

surface and geophysical technologies for target

identification and higher drilling accuracy to improve

the success rate of exploration.

I am delighted to report that our efforts have yielded

the targeted results and our ore reserve at the end of

the year increased by 22 mn MT to 114.7 mn MT and

HINDUSTAN ZINC LIMITED

14:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure-A and forms an integral part of this report.

(ii) Due to restricted movement amid COVID-19 pandemic, we conducted the secretarial audit by examining the Secretarial Records including

Minutes, Documents, Registers and other records etc., and some of them received by way of electronic mode from the Company and could

not be verified from the original records. The management has confirmed that the records submitted to us are the true and correct.

(iii) This Report is limited to the Statutory Compliances on laws/ regulations/ guidelines listed in our report which have been complied by the

Company up to the date of this Report pertaining to Financial Year 2019-2020. We are not commenting on the Statutory Compliances

whose due dates are extended by Regulators from time to time due to COVID-19 or still there is time line to comply with such compliances.:

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager:

Sl.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD/ WTD/

Manager

Total Amount (`)

Mr. Sunil Duggal

1

Gross salary

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in Section 17(1) of the

Income-tax Act, 1961

(b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income-tax Act, 1961

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under Section 17(3) Income-tax Act,

1961

6,16,71,451

6,16,71,451

2

Stock Option

-

-

3

Sweat Equity

-

-

4

Commission – as % of profit – Others, specify

-

-

5

Others, please specify (ESOP of ultimate Holding Co.)

-

-

Total (A)

6,16,71,451

6,16,71,451

Ceiling as per the Act

10% of Profit after tax i.e. `680 Crore

B.

Remuneration to other Directors:

Sl.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of Director

Total Amount (`)

Mr. A. R.

Narayanaswamy

Mr. Arun L.

Todarwal

1

Independent Directors

•

Fee for attending Board / Committee

meetings

•

Commission

•

Others, please specify

5,75,000

15,00,000

-

4,75,000

15,00,000

-

10,50,000

30,00,000

-

Total (1)

20,75,000

19,75,000

40,50,000

Mr. Navin

Agarwal

Mrs. Kiran

Agarwal

2

Other Non-executive Directors

•

Fee for attending Board / Committee

meetings

•

Commission

•

Others, please specify

2,50,000

15,00,000

-

2,75,000

25,00,000

-

5,25,000

40,00,000

-

Total (2)

17,50,000

27,75,000

45,25,000

Total (B)=(1+2)

85,75,000

Ceiling as per the Act

1% of Profit after tax i.e. `68 Crore:

Letter of credit and Bank Guarantees.

(3)

Refer note 36 for details of related party balances and terms and conditions.

Notes to the Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2020:

Letter of Credit issued under

working capital facilities sanctioned by domestic banks. These facilities are unsecured.

The disclosures relating to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises have been furnished to the extent such

parties have been identified on the basis of the intimation received from the suppliers regarding their status

under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006. There is no interest paid/payable as

at March 31, 2020 (March 31, 2019: NIL)

(` in Crore)

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2019

The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any

supplier as at the end of each accounting year.

i)

Principal amount due to micro and small enterprises

36

52

ii) Interest due on above

-

-

iii) The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED

Act, 2006 along with the amounts of the payment made to the supplier

beyond the appointed day during each accounting year.

-

-

iv) The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making

payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the

year) but without adding the interest specified under the MSMED Act, 2006.

-

-

v)

The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each

accounting year.

-

-

vi) The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the

succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually

paid to the small enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible

expenditure under section 23 of the MSMED Act, 2006.

-

-

20. (A) REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS

(` in Crore)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2020

For the year ended

March 31, 2019

Sale of products

18,159

20,657

Income from wind energy

173

177

Total Revenue (1)

18,332

20,834

(1) Revenue is shown exclusive of GST and other indirect taxes, as these collections are not an inflow on entity’s own account, rather it is

collected on behalf of government authorities.

The above revenue from sale of products for the year ended March 31, 2020 comprises of revenue from

contracts with customers of `19,193 Crore (March 31, 2019: `21,685 Crore) and a net loss on mark to market

of `861 Crore (March 31, 2019: `851 Crore) on account of gains/losses relating to sales that were provisionally

priced as at the beginning of the year with the final price settled in the current year, gains/losses relating to

sales fully priced during the year, and marked to market gains/losses relating to sales that were provisionally

priced as at the end of the year. Entire revenue from contract with customers is recorded at a point in

time and includes `1,116 Crore (March 31, 2019: `1,125 Crore) for which contract liabilities existed at the

beginning of the year.

Notes to the Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2020:

letter etc. with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail

to rupesh@cacsindia.com / shashikant@cacsindia.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call

on toll free no.: 1800-222-990 or send a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in

How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system?

1.

After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see the Home page of e-Voting. Click on e-Voting.

Then, click on Active Voting Cycles.

2.

After click on Active Voting Cycles, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are

holding shares and whose voting cycle is in active status.

3.

Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote.

4.

Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.

5.

Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of

shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.

6.

Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.

7.

You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the

confirmation page.

8.

Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.

Details on Step 2 is given below::

