letter dated August 6, 2020, wherein we had informed that the

Seventeenth Annual General Meeting ("AGM") of the Members of the Company is

scheduled to be held on Friday, September 04, 2020 through Video Conferencing/

Other Audio-Visual Means in accordance with the relevant circulars issued by the

Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the Securities and Exchange Board of India

("SEBI").

In compliance with Regulation 30 and 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations. 2015, we are attaching herewith a copy of

the Annual Report of the Company for the financial year 2019-20 ("Annual Report")

including the Notice of the AGM ("Notice").

The Annual Report including the Notice are being sent through electronic mode only

to those members whose email addresses are registered with the Company/

Depositories. The Annual Report and the Notice are also uploaded on the website

of the Company at www.goindigo.in.

lnterGlobe Aviation limited

Registered Office: Central Wing, Ground Floor. Thapar House. 124 Janpath, New Delhi-1 10 001, India. F 011-43513200. Email: corparate@goindigo.in

Corporate Office: L evel 1. Tower(, Global Business Park.MG Road. Gurgaon-122 002, Haryana. India. T +91 124 435 2500. F +91 124 406 8536

goindigo.in

CIN no.: L62100DL2004PLC129768

•

om nTeRGLOBe:

Dear Shareholders,

I write this at a time when we are in the midst of the COVID-19

pandemic. My sympathies are with anyone who is directly

or indirectly affected by the virus and I sincerely wish for the

good health and safety of all. Apart from the health crisis,

the pandemic has also presented us with an economic crisis.

Across countries, we have witnessed a sharp deceleration in

growth, with airlines being one of the worst hit sectors.

FY 2020 has therefore been a challenging year for us, primarily

due to this outbreak. Both internationally and domestically,

we have faced unprecedented demand slowdown and revenue

challenges due to travel bans, lockdowns and general anxiety

towards travel.

During the crisis, the level of resilience and determination that

our organisation has demonstrated is really commendable.

As an example, during the pandemic, our entire operations

and sales teams worked together to rapidly convert some

of our aircraft from passenger aircraft to all-cargo aircraft.

Consequently, we have been carrying up to twenty tons of

cargo on passenger airplanes to destinations in Asia and

the Middle East. We deeply appreciate the support we are

receiving from our stakeholders during this time. Given the

uncertainty, it is difficult to predict the timing of return to

normalcy, but we are determined to come out of this crisis in

a stronger position than when we entered. In that context,

we are paying particular attention to four critical aspects of

our company including measures to ensure the safety of our

customers and employees, reduce our costs, strengthen our

brand and further enhance our employee culture.

Priority to customer safety and well-being

At this time, our priority is to ensure safety of our customers.

We have introduced a number of measures as a part of our

new standard operating procedures, which will enable us to

minimise the impact of the virus. Some of these procedures

include:

• Disinfecting aircraft before every departure;

• Spray cleaning the aircraft at every arrival;

• Increased frequency of deep cleaning of the aircraft

including wiping of all touch points;

• Providing safety kits to our passengers;

• Mandatory masks on board for both crew and passengers;

• Placing hand sanitisers at various places;

• Discontinuance of meal services; and

• Ensuring social distancing norms at check in, boarding.

Ronojoy Dutta

Whole Time Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Given the uncertainty, it

is difficult to predict the

timing of return to normalcy,

but we are determined to

come out of this crisis in

a stronger position than

when we entered.

“

“:

letter dated July 08, 2019

sent to such authorities. The complaints and representations relate to, among other things, certain Related Party

Transactions entered into by your Company with InterGlobe Enterprises Private Limited and Mr. Rahul Bhatia, promoters

of your Company (the “IGE Group”), the RG Group’s requisition for convening an extraordinary general meeting for

the shareholders to consider resolutions recommending additional procedures to be incorporated in your Company’s

Policy of dealing with Related Party Transactions applicable to Related Party Transactions with the IGE Group, and the

appointment of an independent woman director to your Company’s Board of Directors. Your Company has responded to

all the communication sent by concerned authorities within the prescribed timelines and there are no pending information

requests.:

Managing Director, Whole Time Directors and/or Manager:

(Rs. in million)

S.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of Whole Time Director

Mr. Ronojoy Dutta,

Whole time Director & Chief

Executive Officer*

w.e.f. January 27, 2020

1

Gross salary

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in section 17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

18.88

(b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income-tax Act, 1961 (excluding stock option)

0.01

2

Stock Option

-

3

Sweat Equity

-

4

Commission

-

- as % of profit

-

- others, specify

-

5

Others, please specify

-

Total

18.89

Ceiling as per the Act

Not Applicable

B. Remuneration to other Directors:

(Rs. in million)

S.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Fee for attending

board & committee

meetings

Commission

Others, please

specify

Total Amount

1

Independent Directors

Mr. Meleveetil Damodaran

2.30

0.00

0.00

2.30

Dr. Anupam Khanna

3.50

0.00

0.00

3.50

Ms. Pallavi Shardul Shroff

0.30

0.00

0.00

0.30

Total A

6.10

0.00

0.00

6.10

2

Non-Executive Directors other

than Independent Directors

Mr. Rahul Bhatia

1.10

0.00

0.00

1.10

Mr. Rakesh Gangwal

1.10

0.00

0.00

1.10

Ms. Rohini Bhatia

1.90

0.00

0.00

1.90

Mr. Anil Parashar

3.50

0.00

0.00

3.50

Total B

7.60

0.00

0.00

7.60

Total Managerial

Remuneration (A+B)

13.70

0.00

0.00

13.70

Overall Ceiling as per the Act

Not Applicable:

letter and in true spirit.

• Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management.

• Constitution of various Committees for Audit, Nomination and Remuneration, Corporate Social Responsibility,

Stakeholders’ Relationship and Risk Management.

• Complete and timely disclosure of relevant financial and operational information to enable the Board to play an

effective role in monitoring management performance.

• Facilitating meetings of Independent Directors without the presence of any Non-Independent / Executive Directors and

members from the management.

• Formal induction schedule and conducting a familiarisation program for new Board members.

• Independence of Directors in reviewing and approving corporate strategy, major business plans and activities.

Your Company adheres to the Secretarial standard on Meetings of the Board of Directors as prescribed by the Institute

of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”) (“Secretarial Standard-1”). The Board meets at regular intervals to discuss and

decide on your Company’s business policy and strategies apart from other normal business activities. The maximum

interval between any two meetings of the Board did not exceed 120 days during the year. Agenda papers containing all

necessary information/documents are made available to the Board/ Committee Members in advance to enable them to

discharge their responsibilities effectively and to take informed decisions. All necessary information as specified in the

SEBI LODR Regulations, is regularly made available to the Board.

During the year, the Board met 11 (eleven) times on the following dates, with necessary quorum being present:

• May 27, 2019;

• May 28, 2019;

• June 12, 2019* (The meeting originally scheduled on June 05, 2020, was adjourned due to lack of quorum);

• July 19, 2019;

• July 20, 2019;

• August 30, 2019;

• October 24, 2019;

• October 25, 2019;

• December 21, 2019;

• January 27, 2020; and

• January 28, 2020.

* Adjourned meeting held as per the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company

Video conferencing or other audio-visual facilities were made available to facilitate the presence of Directors, who were

not able to attend meetings in person. In case of exigencies or urgencies, resolutions were passed by circulation as well.

Meeting of Independent Directors: Independent Directors on the Board of your Company met in March 2020 without other

members of the Board or your Company’s Management. During this meeting they discussed a wide range of subjects

including review of performance of non-independent Directors as also themselves, including the Chairman of the Board

and the Board as a whole. At this meeting, they also discussed the quality, quantity and timeliness of the flow of

information between the Company’s Management and the Board. In addition, they also reviewed the objectives of Board

evaluation and appropriate assessment methodology.:

letter of credits issued / deposits given to lessors.

During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Company has recognized an expense of Rs 4,966.57 on account of short term leases

which represents leased aircraft and engines having a remaining lease term of less than 12 months as on transition date and

other short term leases. The portfolio of other short-term leases to which the Company is committed at the end of the reporting

period is not materially different from the portfolio of other short term leases for which expense has been recognized during the

year ended 31 March 2020.

The Company has several lease contracts that include extension and termination options. The management has included

termination options in determination of lease term for contracts having such option. Extension options have not been included

in determination of lease term since the management is reasonably certain not to exercise these options. Potential cash flows

in relation to such extension options cannot be ascertained since the cash outflow for the extended period will depend on the

negotiations with the lessors in the event of exercising the extension options.:

letter of credit/ standby: letter of credit which are backed by deposits/mutual funds/NCDs liened to financial institutions.

letter of credits issued / deposits given to lessors.

During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Group has recognized an expense of Rs. 4,966.57 on account of short term leases

which represents leased aircraft and engines having a remaining lease term of less than 12 months as on transition date and

other short term leases. The portfolio of other short-term leases to which the Group is committed at the end of the reporting

period is not materially different from the portfolio of other short term leases for which expense has been recognized during the

year ended 31 March 2020.

The Group has several lease contracts that include extension and termination options. The management has included

termination options in determination of lease term for contracts having such option. Extension options have not been included

in determination of lease term since the management is reasonably certain not to exercise these options. Potential cash flows

in relation to such extension options cannot be ascertained since the cash outflow for the extended period will depend on the

negotiations with the lessors in the event of exercising the extension options.:

letter of credit/ standby: letter of credit which are backed by deposits/mutual funds/NCDs liened to financial institutions.

letter providing the email address, mobile number, self-attested copy of PAN Card and copy of share

certificate for registering their email address and receiving the Annual Report and Notice along with the e-voting

instructions in electronic mode.

The Company has also provided the facility to the Members for temporary registration of their e-mail address for receiving

Annual Report in electronic mode by clicking the link https://ris.kfintech.com/email_registration. Post successful registration

of the e-mail address, the Members as on cut-off date, would get the Annual Report and Notice in electronic mode.

12.

Procedure for inspection of documents:

a)

All the documents referred to in the accompanying Notice and Explanatory Statement, shall be available for

inspection through electronic mode, basis the request being sent at investors@goindigo.in.

b)

During the AGM, the Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their Shareholding maintained under

Section 170 of the Act, and the Certificate from Auditors of the Company certifying that the ESOS Scheme of the

Company is being implemented in accordance with the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014,

shall be available for inspection upon login at https://emeetings.kfintech.com.

13.

In terms of Section 72 of the Act and related rules thereunder, a Member of the Company may nominate a person on whom

the shares held by him / her shall vest in the event of his / her death. Member(s) desirous of availing this facility may

submit nomination in the prescribed Form SH-13 to the Company or Kfintech in case shares are held in physical form, and

to their respective DP, if held in electronic form.

14.

Members who are holding shares in physical form in identical names in more than one folio are requested to write to

Kfintech enclosing their Share Certificate(s) to enable the Company to consolidate their holding into one folio.

15.

Pursuant to Section 108 of the Act, Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended

and Regulation 44 of the SEBI LODR Regulations, the Company is pleased to provide the facility to Members to exercise

their right to vote(s) on the resolutions proposed to be passed at AGM by electronic means. The Members, whose names

appear in the Register of Members / list of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, August 28, 2020, being the cut-off date, are

entitled to vote on the Resolutions set forth in this Notice. Members may cast their vote(s) on electronic voting system

from any place other than the venue of the meeting (remote e-voting) (a person who is not a Member as on the cut-off

date should treat this Notice for information purpose only). The remote e-voting period will commence at 09:00 a.m. on

Tuesday, September 01, 2020 and will end at 05:00 p.m. on Thursday, September 03, 2020 and at the end of remote

e-voting period, the facility shall forthwith be blocked.

16.

Contact details of the official responsible to address the grievances connected with voting by electronic means are set out below:

Mr. I L Murthy, Manager-Corporate Registry

KFin Technologies Private Limited

(formerly known as Karvy Fintech Private Limited)

Corporate Registry

Selenium, Tower- B,

Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal,

Hyderabad-500032, India.

Toll Free No: 1800345400, Fax No.: +91 40 2300 1153.

E-mail: lakshmana.murthy@kfintech.com or evoting@kfintech.com

17.

In case of joint holders attending the meeting, only such joint holder who is higher in the order of names, will be entitled

to vote at the meeting.

18.

Members who have not cast their vote(s) through remote e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote through e-voting

system available during the e-AGM (Insta Poll). Vote button will be activated once Insta Poll is announced at the meeting.

The Members who have cast their vote(s) by remote e-voting prior to the e- AGM may also attend the e- AGM but shall

not be entitled to cast their vote(s) again.

19.

The Company has appointed Ms. Amrita D.C. Nautiyal, Company Secretary in whole time practice (email: scrutinizerindigo@

gmail.com), to act as the Scrutinizer for conducting the remote e-voting process and e-voting at the AGM in a fair and

transparent manner.:

Letter, along with attested specimen signature

of the duly authorised signatory(ies) who are authorised to vote, to the Scrutinizer by an e-mail at

scrutinizerindigo@gmail.com. They may also upload the same in the e-voting module in their login. The

scanned image of the above mentioned documents should be in the naming format “Corporate Name

EVENT NO.”

II.

In case of any queries, you may refer to the ‘Frequently Asked Questions’ (FAQs) and ‘e-voting user manual’

available in the downloads section on the e-voting website of Kfintech https://evoting.kfintech.com.

III.

The voting rights shall be as per the number of equity shares held by the Member(s) as on Friday, August 28, 2020,

being the cut-off date. Members are eligible to cast vote(s) electronically only if they are holding shares as on cut-

off date.

IV.

The results declared along with the report of the Scrutinizer shall be placed on the website of the Company i.e.

www.goindigo.in immediately after the declaration of result by the Chairman or a Director authorised by him

in writing and at the website of e-voting agency viz. Kfintech at https://evoting.kfintech.com and shall also be

immediately forwarded to the BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

In case you have become a Member of the Company after dispatch of Notice of AGM but on or before the cut-

off date for E-voting i.e. Friday, August 28, 2020, you may obtain the User ID and Password in the manner as

mentioned below;

i.

If mobile number of the Member is registered against Folio No. / DP ID. Client ID, the member may send SMS:

MYEPWD E-voting EVENT Number + Folio No. or DP ID Client ID to +91 9212993399

Example for NSDL:

MYEPWD <SPACE> IN12345612345678

Example for CDSL:

MYEPWD <SPACE> 1402345612345678

Example for Physical:

MYEPWD <SPACE> XXXX1234567890:

Managing Director of ACO Investment, renowned investment advisory firm in

the field of aviation and infrastructure. Mr. Ronojoy Dutta served as the President of Air Sahara from 2005 to 2008

and President of United Airlines (USA) from 1999 till 2002. Mr. Dutta served on the Board of US Airways from 2003

to 2004, United Airlines from 1999 to 2002 and Marsico Trust Funds from 1997 to 2005.:

