letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of

the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to

vote through e-mail to cssureshpal2010@yahoo.com with

a copy marked to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com on or

before 28th October, 2020 till 5.00 P.M. without which the

vote shall not be treated as valid.

4.

Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) will

be providing facility for voting through remote e-voting,

for participation in the Twenty First AGM

through VC/OAVM and e-voting during the AGM.

5.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 91 of the Companies

Act, 2013, the Register of Members and Share Transfer

Books of the Company will remain closed from Friday,

23rd October, 2020 to Thursday, 29th October, 2020 (both

days inclusive).

6.

Members may join the Twenty First AGM in VC/ OAVM

mode from 10.45 a.m. i.e. 15 minutes before the time

scheduled to start the AGM and the Company may close

the window for joining the VC/ OAVM 15 minutes after

the scheduled time to start the AGM by following the

procedure enclosed with the Notice.

7.

Members may note that the VC/OAVM provided by

CDSL, allows participation of at least 1000 Members on

a first-come-first-served basis. The large shareholders (i.e.

shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding),

promoters, institutional investors, Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit

Committee, Nomination & Remuneration Committee and

Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors, etc. can

attend the AGM without any restriction on account of

first-come-first-served principle.

8.

The attendance of the Shareholders attending the AGM

through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of

reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Act.

9.

Members holding shares in physical mode are

requested to intimate any change in their address by

writing to the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA),

Maheshwari Datamatics Private Limited (MDPL) at their

Corporate Office 23, R. N. Mukherjee Road, 5th Floor,

Kolkata – 700001, email id: mdpldc@yahoo.com and

members holding shares in demat mode are requested to

intimate any change in their address or bank mandates

to their respective Depository Participants. Any such

changes effected by the Depository Participants will

automatically reflect in the Company’s subsequent records.

To prevent fraudulent transactions, members are advised

to exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any

change or demise of any member as soon as possible.

Members are also advised not to leave their demat

account(s) dormant for long. Periodic statement of holding

should be obtained from Depository Participant and

holding should be verified.

10. Members who hold shares in physical form in multiple

folios in identical names or joint holding in the same order

of names are requested to write to the Company’s Registrar

and Share Transfer Agents, MDPL, at their Corporate

Office 23, R. N. Mukherjee Road, 5th Floor, Kolkata –

700001, email id: mdpldc@yahoo.com, enclosing their

share certificates to enable the Company to consolidate

their holdings into single folio.

11. Pursuant to Section 88 of the Companies Act, 2013 the

Register of Members is required to be maintained in form

MGT-1. In this respect, members holding shares in physical

form are requested to inform/update the following

additional details to MDPL, at their Corporate Office 23,

R. N. Mukherjee Road, 5th Floor, Kolkata – 700001, email

id: mdpldc@yahoo.com, who have not yet so updated:

a.

E-mail id (of the first holder)

b. PAN

c.

Unique Identification Number (AADHAR NO.)

d. Father’s /Mother’s/Spouse’s Name

e.

Occupation

f.

In case the member is a minor, Name of the Guardian

and date of birth of the Member

g. CIN (In case the member is a body corporate)

12. Members are requested to quote the Folio/Client ID &

DP ID Nos. in all correspondences.

13. In view of the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic,

resultant difficulties involved in dispatching of physical

copies of the Annual Report and in line with the said

Circulars, the Annual Report including Notice of the 21st

AGM of the Company inter alia indicating the process

and manner of e-voting is being sent only by email, to all

the Shareholders whose Email IDs are registered with the

Company/Depository Participant(s) for communication

purposes to the Shareholders and to all other persons so

entitled.

Further, in terms of the applicable provisions of the Act,

SEBI Listing Regulations read with the said MCA Circular

No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 the Notice calling the

AGM will be uploaded at the Company’s website, at

www.jaibalajigroup.com. The same can also be accessed

from the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e BSE Limited

at www.bseindia.com and National Stock Exchange of

India Limited at www.nseindia.com respectively. The:

letter

etc. together with attested specimen signature of the

duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote,

to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email

address viz; jaibalaji@jaibalajigroup.com (designated

email address by company), if they have voted

from individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL

e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.

If you have any queries or issues regarding attending

AGM & e-Voting from the e-Voting System, you may

refer the Frequently Asked Questions (“FAQs”) and

e-voting manual available at www.evotingindia.com,

under help section or write an email to

helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact Mr. Nitin

Kunder (022- 23058738) or Mr. Mehboob Lakhani (022-

23058543) or Mr. Rakesh Dalvi (022-23058542).

All grievances connected with the facility for voting by

electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi,

Manager, (CDSL) Central Depository Services (India)

Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon Futurex,

Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower

Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to

helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call on 022-

23058542/43.:

letter from M/s S. K.

Agrawal & Co. confirming that they are eligible for

appointment as Statutory Auditors of the Company under

Section 139 of the Act and meet the criteria for appointment

specified in Section 141 of the Act. Necessary resolution for

the appointment of M/s S. K. Agrawal & Co., Chartered

Accountants as the Statutory Auditors is included in the

Notice of the ensuing AGM.

The reports given by the Auditors, M/s. S. K. Agrawal & Co,

Chartered Accountants on the standalone and consolidated

financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31st

March, 2020 form part of this Annual Report and contains

a qualification that the Company has not provided for interest

amounting to Rs. 103,019.80 Lacs of which Rs. 27,383.99 Lacs

pertains to the current financial year on various loans and

credit facilities availed from banks and financial institution

on the ground that same is being treated as Non-Performing

Assets by the lenders. Due to this reason, loss for the current

financial year has been understated by Rs. 27,383.99 Lacs and

accordingly loss for the year ended 31st March, 2020 would've

been Rs. 38,817.58 Lacs instead of Rs.11,433.59 Lacs.

The Board is of the view that some of the lenders of

the Company have stopped charging interest on debts,

since the dues from the Company have been categorized as

Non Performing Assets. The Company is in active:

Managing Director

(DIN : 00045114)

Place: Kolkata

Date: 15th September, 2020:

letter of appointment stating the

requisite details as per the requirements of schedule IV

of the Companies Act, 2013;

The Independent Directors shall be appointed for a fixed

term of upto five years or such lesser term as may be

decided mutually between the Board and the Directors

and shall be eligible for re-appointment for a further

term of upto five years on passing a special resolution

by the Company.Further, no Independent Director shall

hold office for more than two consecutive terms.

However, they shall be eligible for re-appointment after

the expiration of cooling period of three years of ceasing

to become an Independent Director;

The Independent Directors shall be responsible for

complying with the duties as specified under section 166

of the Companies Act, 2013. Further, their liabilities shall

also be limited to the respective provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there under;

Independent Directors shall be expected to ensure

compliance with the Code of Conduct as laid down by

the Company;

Independent Directors shall be paid sitting fees subject

to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules

made there under as well as the terms of this policy.

Remuneration

The committee shall:

meet at least once in a year.

ensure that the quorum of either two members or one

third of the members of the committee, whichever is

greater, including at least one independent director is

present.

ensure that the compensation to the Board, KMP and

other senior management employees is reasonable and

sufficient to attract, retain and motivate quality directors

and KMPs;

approve any significant changes in the executive director’s

contract;

determine payment of sitting fees for directors for

attending meetings of the Board;

ensure that there is balance between fixed pay and

incentive based pay (if any) in the remuneration to be

paid to the Directors, KMPs and other senior management

employees.

Director Remuneration

The Company may pay remuneration by way of salary,

perquisites and allowances (fixed component) and commission

(variable component) to Managing and Whole-time Directors.

Salary shall be paid within the range approved by the

Shareholders. Commission, if any, shall be calculated with

reference to net profits of the Company in a particular financial

year and shall be determined by the Board of Directors at the

end of the financial year based on the recommendations of

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, subject to

overall ceilings stipulated in Sections 197 read with Schedule

V of the Companies Act, 2013.

Non-executive Director Remuneration

The non-executive directors shall be paid sitting fees for

attending meetings of the Board based on the limits prescribed

under the Companies Act, 2013.

Senior Management Remuneration

The salary of other senior management employees shall be

competitive and based on the individual’s qualification,

experience, responsibilities and performance and shall be

governed by the HR policy of the Company.

Determining criteria for performance evaluation of the

Board and Individual Directors

The Board shall evaluate its own performance based on the

following criteria:

Composition of the Board in compliance with the

Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ;

Frequency of meetings held during the year and matters

taken up thereat;

Ability of the Board to take uniform decisions for the

betterment of the Company taking into consideration

the individual views of all the Directors comprising it;

Its wisdom and judgement to help the Company prosper;

Ability of the Board to evaluate risk and devise suitable

measures to mitigate them etc.

The Board shall evaluate the performance of individual

directors (including independent directors) based on the

following criteria:

Attendance of the individual directors and level of

participation at the meetings of the Board and committees

thereof and the general meetings;

Contribution in long term strategic planning;

Professional conduct and independence;

Level of commitment etc.

The above list is illustrative.

Such performance evaluation of Directors (including

independent directors) shall be done by the entire Board of

Directors (excluding the director being evaluated).

In case of Independent Director, the Board shall determine

whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of

the Independent Director on the basis of the report of

performance evaluation carried by the Board.

In addition to the above, the Board shall also evaluate the

performance of various Board level Committees.

25

Annual Report 2019-20

Jai Balaji Industries Limited:

Managing Director

Sd/-

CFO

Sd/-

Audit Committee Chairman

Sd/-

Statutory Auditor

Sd/-

Place: Kolkata

Date: 31st July 2020:

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure – I which forms an integral part of

this report.

28

Annual Report 2019-20

Jai Balaji Industries Limited

We further report that:

a) The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted

with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive

Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in

the composition of the Board of Directors that took

place during the period under review were carried out

in compliance with the provisions of the Act.

b) Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the

Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda

were sent atleast seven days in advance and a system

exists for seeking and obtaining further information

and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting

and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

c) None of the directors in any meeting dissented on any

resolution and hence there was no instance of recording

any dissenting member’s view in the minutes.

We further report that there are adequate systems and

processes in the Company commensurate with the size and

operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance

with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

We further report that during the audit period the company

has passed the following special resolutions:

i.

Re-appointment of Mrs. Seema Chowdhury (DIN:

07158338) as Independent Director of the Company;

ii. Re-appointment of Mrs. Swati Agarwal (DIN: 07158355)

as Independent Director of the Company;

Place: Kolkata

Date: 15th September, 2020

For MKB & Associates

Company Secretaries

sd/-

Manoj Kumar Banthia

(Partner)

ACS no. 11470

COP no. 7596

UDIN:A011470B000716284

FRN: P2010WB042700:

letter.

1.

It is management’s responsibility to identify the Laws,

Rules, Regulations, Guidelines and Directions which are

applicable to the Company depending upon the industry

in which it operates and to comply and maintain those

records with same in: letter and in spirit. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on those records based on our

audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that

the process and practices we followed provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of the financial records and the Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management’s

Representation about the compliance of Laws, Rules,

Regulations, Guidelines and Directions and happening

events, etc.

5.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

Note: There was lockdown declared by the Central Government in

the country due to COVID-19 pandemic since 24th March

2020. We had completed our regular Audit for the period upto

31st December’ 2019 prior to the announcement of Lockdown.

During the Lockdown, for completion of the Audit, documents

/details have been provided by the Company through electronic

mode and the same have been verified by us.

Place: Kolkata

Date: 15th September, 2020

For MKB & Associates

Company Secretaries

sd/-

Manoj Kumar Banthia

(Partner)

ACS no. 11470

COP no. 7596

UDIN:A011470B000716284

FRN: P2010WB042700

Managing Director)

At the beginning of the year

3,544,576

3.68

At the End of the year

3,544,576

3.21

2.

Shri Sanjiv Jajodia

(Whole-time Director & KMP, being CFO)

At the beginning of the year

2,779,433

2.88

At the End of the year

2,779,433

2.52

3.

Shri Rajiv Jajodia

(Non-Executive Promoter Director)

At the beginning of the year

1,568,333

1.63

At the End of the year

1,568,333

1.42

4.

Shri Gaurav Jajodia

(Non-Executive Promoter Director)

At the beginning of the year

119,666

0.12

At the End of the year

119,666

0.11

5.

Shri Amit Kumar Majumdar

(Executive Director)

At the beginning of the year

0

0.00

At the End of the year

0

0.00

6.

Shri Shailendra Kumar Tamotia

(Non - Executive Independent Director)

At the beginning of the year

0

0.00

At the End of the year

0

0.00

7.

Smt. Seema Chowdhury

(Non-Executive Independent Director)

At the beginning of the year

0

0.00

At the End of the year

0

0.00

8.

Smt. Swati Agarwal

(Non-Executive Independent Director)*

At the beginning of the year

100

0.00

At the End of the year

100

0.00

9.

Smt. Rakhi Bajoria

(Non-Executive Independent Director)

At the beginning of the year

0

0.00

At the End of the year

0

0.00:

Managing Director, Whole-time Direcror and Executive Director.

In the event of being no profits, the: Managing

Managing Director

(DIN : 00045114)

Place: Kolkata

Date: 15th September, 2020

C. OTHER OFFICERS IN DEFAULT : Mr. Ajay Kumar Tantia Company Secretary

Penalty

Punishment

Compounding

B. DIRECTORS : Shri Aditya Jajodia,: Managing

Managing Director

Nil

Shri Sanjiv Jajodia, Whole Time Director

Nil

Shri Amit Kumar Majumdar, Executive Director

Nil

Note: None of the Executive Director of the Company has drawn any remuneration during the year under review. The

independent and non-executive directors of the Company are paid sitting fees. Thus the amount paid to them is not considered

for the above purpose.

ii)

The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company

Secretary or Manager, if any, in the financial year:

There has been no increase in the remuneration of any Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director.

5

Does the company have a

specified committee of the

Board/ Director/ Official to

oversee the implementation of

the policy?

The BR initiatives are normally led by the Whole-time Director in conjunction

with the CSR Committee and overall supervision of the Board of Directors.

6

Indicate the link for the policy

to be viewed online?

During the year under review, the BR initiatives governed by various

Policies (such as Code of conduct, Whistle blower policy, Corporate Social

Responsibility Policy, Policy on Prevention of Sexual Harassment of Women

at the Workplace, Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure

etc.). These policies can be viewed at: www.jaibalajigroup.com on the

Company’s website.

7

Has the policy been formally

communicated to all relevant

internal and external

stakeholders?

The internal stakeholders have been made aware of the policies. SOPs are

distributed to all HODs for wide circulation. External Stakeholders are

communicated to the extent applicable and relevant. The mandatory policies

are also updated on the website of the Company.

8

Does the company have in-

house structure to implement

the policy/ policies.

Yes, the CSR Committee of the Board of Directors looks after the

implementation of the policies.

9

Does the Company have a

grievance redressal mechanism

related to the policy/ policies to

address stakeholders’ grievances

related to the policy/ policies?

Yes, any grievance or feedback related to the policies can be sent to

jaibalaji@jaibalajigroup.com. The CSR Committee of the Board of Directors

is responsible for addressing stakeholder concerns related to BR policies.

10

Has the company carried out

independent audit/ evaluation

of the working of this policy by

an internal or external agency?

The BR policy is evaluated internally. The policies and practices at the

Company are subject to internal audit and/or review from time to time,

wherever necessary.

b) If answer to the question at serial number 1 against any principle, is ‘No’, please explain why: (Tick up to 2 options)

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

Sl. No.

Questions

1.

The company has not understood the Principles

2.

The company is not at a stage where it finds itself in a

position to formulate and implement the policies on

specified principles

3.

The company does not have financial or manpower

resources available for the task

4.

It is planned to be done within next 6 Months

5.

It is planned to be done within the next 1 year

6.

Any other reason (please specify)

NOT APPLICABLE

months, 3-6 months, Annually, More than 1 year

The CSR Committee of the board generally meets at

such intervals as may be required on need-basis.:

Managing Director

(DIN : 00045114)

Place: Kolkata

Date: 15th September, 2020:

Managing Director)

Shri Sanjiv Jajodia

Promoter Executive Director(Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer)

Shri Rajiv Jajodia

Promoter Non-Executive Director

Shri Gaurav Jajodia

Promoter Non-Executive Director

Shri Amit Kumar Majumdar

Executive Director

Shri Shailendra Kumar Tamotia

Non-Executive Independent Director

Shri Ashim Kumar Mukherjee

Non-Executive Independent Director

Smt. Seema Chowdhury

Non-Executive Independent Woman Director

Smt. Rakhi Bajoria

Non-Executive Independent Woman Director

Smt. Swati Bajaj

Non-Executive Independent Woman Director

Name of Directors

Category

Pursuant to Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 and clause 49(II)(A) of the Listing Agreement with the

Stock Exchange read with SEBI Circular No. CIR/CFD/POLICY CELL/7/2014 dated 15th September, 2014, the

Company has appointed Ms. Puja Sharma (DIN - 06852209) as Additional Director (Category: Non-Executive

Independent Woman Director) w.e.f 31st March, 2015.

Ms. Puja Sharma has resigned from the Board w.e.f. 11th April, 2015. Ms. Swati Agarwal (DIN - 07158355), Ms.

Seema Choudhary (DIN - 07158338) and Ms. Rakhi Jain (DIN - 07161473) have been appointed as Additional

Directors (Category: Non-Executive Independent Woman Director) w.e.f. 17th April, 2015.

All the Independent Directors fulfil the criteria of independence in terms of section 149 of the Companies Act,

2013 and clause 49(II)(B) of the Listing Agreement and have filed their consent and other relevant declarations

under section 149, 164 of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder as well as the Listing Agreement.

A Formal: Letter setting out the terms and conditions of appointment has been issued to all the Independent

Letter of the present Independent Directors

setting out their terms and conditions, roles, functions, duties

and responsibility of appointment as per the provisions of

Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 25 of the Listing

Regulations has been hosted on the Company’s Website

under the weblink “http://www.jaibalajigroup.com/

directors-appointment-reappointment-resignation.html”

in adherence to Regulation 46(2) of the Listing Regulations.

As per declarations received by the Company, none of the

independent directors/non-promoter directors are related

to each other or to the promoters. Further, Shri Rajiv Jajodia

and Shri Sanjiv Jajodia are related as brothers and Shri Aditya

Jajodia and Shri Gaurav Jajodia are their brother’s son.

n

Particulars of attendance of each director at Board

Meetings and last Annual General Meeting

The notice along with the agenda for each meeting along

with explanatory notes were communicated to the Board

of Directors, Committee Members and Shareholders in

advance as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013,

Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standards (SS1 & SS2)

issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

During the financial year 2019-2020, 5 (Five) meetings of the

Board were held viz., 30th May, 2019; 14th August, 2019; 4th

October, 2019, 14th November, 2019; and 14th February, 2020.

The maximum time gap between two consecutive board

meetings did not exceeded one hundred and twenty days

and the necessary quorum were present at all the meetings.

The attendance of each Director at the Board meetings

held during the financial year 2019-2020 and at the last

Annual General Meeting held on 19th September, 2019 are

as follows:

Name of Directors

Shri Aditya Jajodia

7

4

---

---

---

Shri Sanjiv Jajodia

7

1

1

1

---

Shri Rajiv Jajodia

5

4

---

1

---

Shri Gaurav Jajodia

2

---

1

---

---

Number of directorship

held in other companies

Public Limited

Companies*

Others**

Number of committee position held

in Public Limited Companies***

Committee

Membership(s)

Committee

Chairmanship(s)

List of Directorship held

in Other Listed

Companies and Category

of Directorship

*ceased to be a director w.e.f. 14th November, 2019.

The Company Secretary was present at all meetings of the

Board of Directors and at the last Annual General Meeting.

During FY 2019-2020, information as mentioned in Part A of

Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, has been placed before

the Board for its consideration.

Name of Directors

No. of Board

Attendance

Meeting

at the

Attended

last AGM

Shri Aditya Jajodia

5

No

Shri Sanjiv Jajodia

5

Yes

Shri Rajiv Jajodia

5

Yes

Shri Gaurav Jajodia

5

Yes

Shri Amit Kumar Majumdar

2

No

Shri Shailendra Kumar Tamotia

5

Yes

Smt. Seema Chowdhury

5

Yes

Smt. Swati Agarwal*

4

Yes

Smt. Rakhi Bajoria

5

Yes

Shri Ashim Kumar Mukherjee

5

Yes

Smt. Swati Bajaj

5

Yes:

Managing Director.The Independent

Directors were made aware and updated on the various

operations carried on by the Company during the year

and about the recent amendments notified by MCA. The

Independent Directors were informed and familiarized

regarding the creation and maintenance of databank and

the amended rules thereof notified by MCA on 22nd

October, 2019 with the declaration of compliances required

for their registration as Independent Directors. Apart

from the induction programme, the Company also update

the Independent Directors at the Board/ Committee

meetings to familiarise the Directors with the Company’s

strategy, their rights and responsibilities, business

performance, operations, finance, risk management

framework, human resources and other related matters.

The details on the Company's Familiarisation Programme

for Independent Directors can be accessed at ‘‘http://

www. jaibalajigroup.com/familiarization-programmes

imparted - to-independent-directors.html’’.

n

Independent director databank registration

Pursuant to a notification dated October 22, 2019 issued

by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, all the Independent

Directors have completed the registration with

IICA(Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs), Manesar, for

inclusion of his/her name in the data bank of Independent

Directors to be maintained by the Institute. Requisite

disclosures have been received from the directors in this

regard.

3.

BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board Committees are set up by the Board and are

governed by its terms of reference which exhibit the scope,

composition, tenure, functioning and reporting

parameters. The Board Committees play a crucial role in

the governance structure of the Company and they deal

with specific areas of concern for the Company that need

a closer review. Some of the Board functions are performed

through specially constituted Board Committees

comprising of Executive and Non-Executive /

Independent Directors. Board Committee’s ensures

focussed discussion and expedient resolution of diverse

matters.

As on 31st March, 2020, the Company had following

committees - Audit Committee, Nomination &

Remuneration Committee (formerly Remuneration

Committee), Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

(formerly Share Transfer Cum Investors’ Grievance

Committee), Corporate Social Responsibility Committee,

Management (Finance) Committee and Internal

Complaints Committee.

The Committees operate under the direct supervision of

the Board, and Chairpersons of the respective committees

report to the Board about the deliberations and decisions

taken by the Committees. The recommendations of the

committees are submitted to the Board for approval.

During the year under review, all recommendations of

the committees were approved by the Board. The minutes

of the meetings of all committees of the Board are placed

before the Board for noting. The Chairperson of the Audit

Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee

and Stakeholders Relationship Committee were present

at the previous Annual General Meeting.

The role, composition and terms of reference of all

committees including the number of meetings held during

the financial year ended 31st March, 2020 and the related

attendance are as follows:

n

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has constituted an Audit Committee in

compliance with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013

and Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations which is

entrusted with the responsibility to supervise the

Company’s internal controls and financial reporting

process.

Terms of Reference:

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee include

the role as stipulated and review of information as laid

in Part C of Schedule II of Listing Regulations. The brief

description of the terms of reference of the Audit

Committee in line with the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 2015

are as follows:

_ Oversight of the company’s financial reporting process

and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure

that the financial statement is correct, sufficient and

credible;:

Managing Director and Shri Sanjiv

Jajodia, Whole-time Director of the Company are promoter

executive Directors. The terms and conditions of

their appointment are as per the resolutions passed by

the Board and Shareholders of the Company. The tenure

of the office of Shri Aditya Jajodia is for a period of

5 (Five) years w.e.f. 22nd July, 2017 till 21st July, 2022.

The tenure of the office of Shri Sanjiv Jajodia is for a

period of 5(five) years with effect from 30th June, 2018

till 29th June, 2023.

Shri Amit Kumar Majumdar was appointed as an

Executive Director of the Company with effect from 14th

August, 2018 for a period of 2 years and his tenure as an

Executive Director ended on 13th August, 2020.

Subsequently, he resigned from the Directorship of the

Company w.e.f 26th August, 2020 due to medical reasons.

Shri Bimal Kumar Choudhary has been appointed as an

Executive Director of the Company in the meeting of the

Board of directors held on 15th September, 2020 for a

period of 3 (three) years, subject to the approval of the

shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

Shri Bimal Kumar Choudhary has waived off his

remuneration.

No remuneration was drawn by any Executive Director

during the year 2019-20. In view of the ongoing losses

being incurred by the Company, the: Managing

Managing Director of the Company for a period of 5

years on the terms and conditions of appointment and

remuneration as set out in the agreement of the

reappointment as entered into between the Company

and Shri Aditya Jajodia.

Postal Ballot

No special resolutions were passed through postal ballot in

the last year and during the period under review. At present

there is no special resolution proposed to be conducted

through postal ballot.

Extra-ordinary General Meeting

No Extra-Ordinary General Meeting was held during the last

three years under review.

Disclosures

l

Related Party Disclosures

There were no materially significant transactions with

the related parties, during the year, which were in conflict

with the interests of the Company and that require an

approval of the Company in terms of the Listing

Regulations. The transactions entered into by the

Company with the related parties were defined under

the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

and the Listing Regulations.

All Related Party Transactions were placed before the

Audit Committee for their approval. Prior Omnibus

approval have been taken by the Audit committee for

all related party transactions subject to their value not

exceeding Rs.1 (One) crore per transaction valid upto a

period of 1 (One) year from the date of such approval.

Statements of Related Party Transactions were tabled

before the Audit Committee on quarterly basis.

Further, the transactions entered into by the Company

were on arms length pricing basis and in the ordinary

course of business with no intention to defraud the

creditors and shareholders. The related party transactions

were entered into based on various business emergencies

such as legal requirements, liquidity, long-term strategy

and capital resources, etc.

The Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS 24) by the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, have been

followed while preparation of the financial statements.

A comprehensive list of all related party transactions

entered into by the Company forms a part of Note No.

44 to the financial statements in the Annual Report.

The Board of Directors of the Company has adopted a

Related Party Transaction Policy in place, pursuant to

the requirements of Section 188 of the Companies Act,

2013 and Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 23 of

the Listing Regulations. The Policy is available on the

website of the company viz. “www.jaibalajigroup.com”

under the weblink “http://www.jaibalajigroup.com/

related-party-policy_jbg.pdf”.

l

Capital Market Disclosures

There have been no instances of non-compliances by the

Company on any matter related to capital markets, during

the last three years and thus no penalty and/or strictures

are imposed on the Company by any Stock Exchanges

or SEBI or any other statutory authority during last 3

years.:

Managing Director of the Company confirmed

compliance with the Code by all members of the Board

and the Senior Management personnel and forms part

of this Annual Report.

l

Insider Trading

In order to regulate trading in securities of the Company

by the Directors and designated employees, your

Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for

trading in listed or proposed to be listed securities of the

Company. Insider Trading Code prevents misuse of:

Managing Director

and Shri Sanjiv Jajodia, Whole-time Director and Chief

Financial Officer of the Company gave annual certification

on financial reporting and internal control system to the

Board in terms of Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations as per the format specified in Part B of

Schedule II of the Listing Regulations. The annual

certificate given by the Chairman and: Managing Director

and the Chief Financial Officer is published in this Report.

Shri Aditya Jajodia,

Managing Director

DIN: 00045114

Place : Kolkata

Date : 15th September, 2020

Sanjiv Jajodia

Whole-time Director &

Chief Financial Officer

DIN: 00036339

For and on behalf of the Board

Certificate as per Schedule V under Regulation 34(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

To

The Members,

Jai Balaji Industries Limited

Based on our verification of the books, papers, registers, forms, returns, disclosures received from the Directors and other

records maintained by Jai Balaji Industries Limited (CIN: L27102WB1999PLC089755) having its Registered office at 5, Bentinck

Street, Kolkata - 700 001, West Bengal (“the Company”) and also the information provided by the Company, its officers,

agents and authorized representatives for the purpose of issuing this Certificate in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with

Schedule V Para C sub-clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 and based on the verification of the portal www.mca.gov.in, including Directors Identification Number

(DIN) status at the portal, we hereby certify that during the Financial Year ended on March 31, 2020, in our opinion, none of

the directors on the Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors

of the Company by the Securities and Exchange Board of India/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such Statutory Authority.

It is the responsibility of the management of the Company for ensuring the eligibility for the appointment/ continuity of every

director on the board of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our verification.

Place: Kolkata

Date: 15th September, 2020:

Managing Director

CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LTD.

To

The Members,

Jai Balaji Industries Limited

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED (‘‘the

Company”) for the year ended on 31st March, 2020, as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation

46(2) and Para C and D of Schedule V to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the Listing Regulations).

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. Our examination

has been limited to a review of the procedures and implementation thereof adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance

with the conditions of the Corporate Governance as stipulated in the said Clauses and/or Regulations. It is neither an audit

nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

In our opinion and to the best of our knowledge, information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the

representations made by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2) and Para C and D of Schedule V of

the Listing Regulations.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place: Kolkata

Date: 15th September, 2020:

Managing Director and Sanjiv Jajodia, Chief Financial Officer of Jai Balaji Industries Limited

(hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), certify that:

1.

We have reviewed the Financial Statements and the Cash Flow Statement of the Company, for the financial year ended

31st March, 2020 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

i.

the aforesaid statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements

that might be misleading;

ii.

the aforesaid statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with

the existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

2.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year are fraudulent,

illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct;

3.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have

evaluated the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company and we have disclosed to the Auditors and the

Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the

step that we have taken or propose to take to rectify the identified deficiencies;

4.

That we have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:

i.

Significant changes, if any, in the internal control over financial reporting during the year;

ii.

Significant changes, if any, in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes

to the financial statements and;

iii. Instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvements therein, if any, of the management

or an employee having a significant role in the company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

To,

The Board of Directors,

Jai Balaji Industries Limited,

Sd/-

Aditya Jajodia

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

DIN : 00045114

76

Annual Report 2019-20

Jai Balaji Industries Limited

Management Discussion and Analysis (contd.)

adherence to corporate policies, safeguarding of assets,

prevention of frauds and errors, accuracy and completeness

of accounting records and preparation of reliable financial

information.

The Internal Audit functions serve to provide independent

and objective assurance on the adequacy and effectiveness

of the organisation’s risk management, control and governance

processes and assesses opportunities for improvement in

business processes, systems and controls and provides

recommendations designed to add value to the organisation

and follows up on the implementation of the agreed audit

committee recommendations.

The Company has an Audit Committee to continuously

monitor the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control

environment across your company. The Audit Committee of

your Company comprises of eminent professionals who are

well versed with the financial management. The Internal

Auditor submits detailed reports periodically to the

management and the Audit Committee. The Management

makes it a point that the Internal Control is brought under

regular review and evaluations in consultation with the

Internal Auditor. The Audit Committee actively reviews the

adequacy and effectiveness of the internal audit functions of

the Company and monitors the implementation of the same.

The Committee also calls for comments of the internal auditors

about the Company’s internal controls, scope of audit as and

when required which gives them an additional insight on

the assessment of such controls. Such adequate internal control

system helps in identification of potential operation processes.

Human Resource

The Company is dedicated to have an optimum level of

human resource and believes in the concept of right talent at

the right job since it considers human capital to be the most

valuable asset of your Company. Jai Balaji has always stepped

up and reviewed its HR policies to ensure transparency, to

incorporate in it the competitiveness in the globally dynamic

business environment and to become more powerful and

develop itself to be the standard and a successful one. The

Human resource managers of the Company have the tools

and the opportunity to leverage employee commitment to,

and engagement in, the Company’s growth strategy.

The Company realises that workforce makes a fundamental

difference to the organization goals. Without it there can be

no clear vision and objectives and its resources full potential

will remain woefully untapped. It considers the commitment

and competence of the human resource as the levers of the

organisation’s growth. It aligns the individual goal and

organizational goal in order to utilize organizational resources

effectively and efficiently.

Jai Balaji commits to excel in promoting and fostering equal

opportunity in compensation, promotion, and career

advancement for all employees in all levels and areas of the

business, regardless of race, color, gender, religion, age,

national origin, or disability, and to promote and foster an

environment of inclusion, respect and freedom from

retaliation. The Company recognizes that diversity is a

fundamental and indispensable value and that the Company,

its shareholders and all of its employees will benefit by striving

to be a premier on diversity.

The Company emphasis on the training and development of

its human resource. The company strives to create an

environment which helps its people take the initiative to

experiment, innovate and develop a passion to set and achieve

their goals. The company gives full room to its staff to nurture

their intellect, exploit opportunities and make their own

decisions while competing with the best, which thereby helps

the company in its march towards progress.

The Company is proud to have a talented pool of around

3026 employees as on 31st March, 2020, comprising of

professionals from different background with a mix of youth

and experience, the leadership and knowledge of the senior

management is aligned with the zeal and enthusiasm of the

youth brigade.

Building a bright career is as difficult as moulding something

in the right shape. It’s the right combination of hard work,

dedication, effort and above all the right atmosphere, which

leads to the building of a brighter tomorrow for you. At Jai

Balaji we make sure that one get all these which will help

him in his journey towards success.

Cautionary Statement

Statements in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report

describing the Company’s objectives, projections, estimates and/or

expectations may be “forward-looking statements” within the

meaning of applicable laws and regulations. Actual results could

differ materially from those expressed or implied. Important factors

that could make a difference to the Company’s operations include,

among others, domestic and international economic conditions

affecting demand/supply and price conditions, changes in the

government regulations, tax laws and other statutes and other

incidental factor.:

Managing Director,

and the CFO.

l)

Cash and bank balances

Cash and bank balances consists of:

1.

Cash and cash Equivalent

Cash and cash equivalent in the balance

sheet comprise cash on hand and in banks,

which are subject to an insignificant risk of

changes in value. For the purpose of the

statement of cash flows, cash and cash

equivalents consist of cash on hand, in banks

net of outstanding bank overdrafts as they are

considered an integral part of the company’s

cash management.

2.

Other bank balances

This includes balances and deposits with bank

that are restricted for withdrawal and usage

having maturity of more than three years

extending upto twelve years.

m) Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the

acquisition, construction or production of qualifying

assets that necessarily takes a substantial period of

time to get ready for its intended use or sale are

capitalized as part of the cost of the asset. All other

borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which

they occur. Borrowing costs consist of interest and

other costs that an entity incurs in connection with

the borrowing of funds. Borrowing cost also includes

exchange differences to the extent regarded as an

adjustment to the interest costs.

n)

Leases

As a lessee

A lease is classified at the inception date as a finance

lease or an operating lease. A lease that transfers

substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to

ownership to the company is classified as a finance

lease.

Finance Leases

Assets held under finance leases are recognised as

assets at their fair value at the inception of the lease

or, if lower, at the present value of the minimum

lease payments. The corresponding liability to the

lessor is included in the statement of financial position

as a finance lease obligation. Lease payments are

apportioned between finance charges and reduction

of the lease obligation so as to achieve a constant

rate of interest on the remaining balance of the

liability. Finance charges are charged to the statement

of financial performance.

Finance Leases-Lessee

Finance leases are recognised as assets and liabilities

in the statement of financial position at amounts

equal to the fair value of the leased property or, if

lower, the present value of the minimum lease

payments. The corresponding liability to the lessor

is included in the statement of financial position as

a finance lease obligation. The discount rate used in

calculating the present value of the minimum lease

payments is the interest rate implicit in the lease.

Minimum lease payments are apportioned between

the finance charge and reduction of the outstanding

liability. The finance charge is allocated to each period

during the lease term so as to produce a constant

periodic rate on the remaining balance of the liability.

Any contingent rent is expensed in the period in

which they are incurred.

o)

Government grants and subsidies

Grants and subsidies from the government are

recognized when there is a reasonable assurance that:

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjiv Jajodia, Wholetime Director and Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Ajay Kumar Tantia, Company Secretary

Relatives of Key Management

Mr. Rajiv Jajodia, Brother of Wholetime Director

Personnel

Mr. Gaurav Jajodia, Nephew of Wholetime Director

Enterprises owned or

Chandi Steel Industries Limited (CSIL)

significantly influenced by

Jai Balaji Jyoti Steels Limited (JBJSL)

key management personnel

Jai Salasar Balaji Industries Private Limited (JSBIPL)

or their relatives

Balaji Ispat Udyog (BIU)

Enfield Suppliers Limited (ESL)

Hari Management Limited (HML)

Jajodia Estate Private Limited (JEPL)

43. Earnings per share (EPS) :

The following reflects the profit and share data used in the basic and diluted EPS computations :

Sl

Current year

Previous year

No.

ended March 31, 2020

ended March 31, 2019

A

Profit/(Loss) after Tax

in lacs

(11,433.59)

(15,367.70)

B

Number of shares at the beginning of the year

Nos.

96,386,486

96,386,486

C

Total equity shares outstanding at the end of the year

Nos.

110,450,286

96,386,486

D

Weighted average number of equity shares

Nos.

103,299,196

96,386,486

outstanding at the end of the year

E

Nominal Value of each Share

10.00

10.00

F

Basic Earning per Share

(11.07)

(15.94)

G

Diluted Earning per Share

(11.07)

(15.94)

Particulars:

Managing Director, and the CFO.

l.

Cash and bank balances

Cash and bank balances consist of:

1.

Cash and cash equivalent

Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet:

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjiv Jajodia, Wholetime Director and Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Ajay Kumar Tantia, Company Secretary

Relatives of Key Management

Mr. Rajiv Jajodia, Brother of Wholetime Director

Personnel

Mr. Gaurav Jajodia, Nephew of Wholetime Director

Enterprises owned or

Chandi Steel Industries Limited (CSIL)

significantly influenced by

Jai Balaji Jyoti Steels Limited (JBJSL)

key management personnel

Jai Salasar Balaji Industries Private Limited (JSBIPL)

or their relatives

Balaji Ispat Udyog (BIU)

Enfield Suppliers Limited (ESL)

Hari Management Limited (HML)

Jajodia Estate Private Limited (JEPL)

43. Earnings per share (EPS) :

The following reflects the profit and share data used in the basic and diluted EPS computations :

Sl

Current year

Previous year

No.

ended March 31, 2020

ended March 31, 2019

A

Profit/(Loss) after Tax

in lacs

(11,433.94)

(15,368.03)

B

Number of shares at the beginning of the year

Nos.

96,386,486

96,386,486

C

Total equity shares outstanding at the end of the year

Nos.

110,450,286

96,386,486

D

Weighted average number of equity shares

Nos.

103,299,196

96,386,486

outstanding at the end of the year

E

Nominal Value of each Share

10.00

10.00

F

Basic Earning per Share

(11.07)

(15.94)

G

Diluted Earning per Share

(11.07)

(15.94)

Particulars:

