Managing Director

since 30th March 1994. Shri Singhania is also one of the Promoters

of the Company.

His other Directorships: (A) Listed Companies - He is the

Chairman of JK Paper Ltd., JK Agri Genetics Ltd., Bengal &

Assam Company Ltd. and Chairman &: Managing Director of

JK Lakshmi Cement Ltd. (B) Unlisted Companies - Rockwood

Properties Private Ltd., Tanvi Commercial Private Ltd., Hari

Shankar Singhania Holdings Private Ltd., HSS Stock Holdings

Private Ltd., Pushpawati Singhania Hospital & Research Institute,

Henry F. Cockill & Sons Ltd., Dhanlakshmi Building Development

Pvt. Ltd. and BH Singhania Trading Pvt. Ltd.

Managing Director of Somany Ceramics Ltd. and

Director of Shree Cement Ltd. (B) Unlisted Companies-SR

Continental Ltd. and Somany Bathware Ltd. Chairmanship/

Membership of Shri Somany in the Committees of Directors in

other Companies in terms of Regulation 26 of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –

Member of Audit Committee of Shree Cement Ltd., Member of

Stakeholders Relationship Committee of Somany Ceramics Ltd.

Shri Shreekant Somany attended four Board meetings of the

Company held during the financial year 31st March, 2020.

Shri Somany holds 13,750 Equity Shares of ` 2/- each of the

Company. Shri Somany is not related to any director of the

Company. The terms and conditions of his reappointment are as

per the Resolution at Item No. 6 of the Notice of this Meeting read

with statement under Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013.

For details of remuneration drawn during the financial year 2019-

20, please refer to the Form MGT 9 of the Company which forms

a part of the Board’s Report. As Independent Director of the

Company, he is entitled to fee for participating in the meetings of

the Board or Committees thereof, reimbursement of expenses for

participating in the said meetings and profit related commission,

within the limits stipulated under the Companies Act, 2013. His

Director Identification Number is 00021423.

16. REMOTE E-VOTING PROCEDURE:

In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read

with relevant rules thereunder and Regulation 44 of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (Listing Regulations), the Company is pleased to provide

to its members, facility to exercise their right to vote at the 67th

AGM by electronic means and the business may be transacted

through remote e-voting services provided by Central Depository

Services (India) Limited (CDSL). Further, the facility for voting

through electronic voting system will also be made available at

the AGM and members who have not already cast their vote by

remote e-voting will be able to exercise their right to cast vote at

the AGM.

A.

The instructions for shareholders for remote e-voting are as

under:

(i)

The voting period begins on 19th September, 2020 from

10.00 A.M. and ends on 21st September, 2020 at 5.00 P.M.

During this period, members of the Company holding equity

shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as

on the cut-off date i.e., 15th September 2020 may cast their

vote electronically. The remote e-voting module shall be

disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter.

(ii)

Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting

date would not be entitled to vote at the meeting.

(iii) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website

www.evotingindia.com.

(iv) Click on “Shareholders/Members” module.

(v)

Now enter your User ID:

a.

For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,

b.

For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits

Client ID,

c.

Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should

enter Folio Number registered with the Company.

OR

Alternatively, if you are registered for CDSL’s EASI/EASIEST

e-services, you can log-in at https://www.cdslindia.com

from Login-Myeasi using your login credentials. Once you

successfully log-in to CDSL’s EASI/EASIEST e-services,

click on e-Voting option and proceed directly to cast your

vote electronically.

(vi) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on

Login.

(vii) If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on

to www.evotingindia.com and voted on an earlier e-voting of

any company, then your existing password is to be used.:

letter, etc. together with

attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who

are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at

the email address i.e., investorjktyre@jkmail.com, if they have

voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL

e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.

F.

OTHER INSTRUCTIONS:

(a) In case you have any queries or issues regarding attending

AGM & e-Voting from the e-Voting System, you may refer the

Frequently Asked Questions (“FAQs”) and e-voting manual

available at www.evotingindia.com, under help section or write

an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact Mr.

Nitin Kunder (022-23058738 ) or Mr. Mehboob Lakhani (022-

23058543) or Mr. Rakesh Dalvi (022-23058542).

(b) All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic

means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, Manager, Central

Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon

Futurex, Mafatlal Mills Compound, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel

(East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@

cdslindia.com or call on 022-23058542/43.

17. Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and become

Member of the Company after dispatch of the Notice and holding

shares as on the cut-off date i.e., 15th September 2020 may follow

the same instructions as mentioned above for remote e-voting.

18. The voting rights of shareholders shall be in proportion to their

shares of the paid up equity share capital of the Company as on

the cut-off date i.e., 15th September 2020 and a person who is

not a member as on the cut-off date should treat the Notice for

information purpose only.

19. The Company has appointed Shri Ronak Jhuthawat (Certificate

of Practice No.-12094) of M/s Ronak Jhuthawat & Co., Company

Secretary in practice as Scrutinizer and Ms. Pooja Mehta

(Certificate of Practice No.-23099), Company Secretary in Practice

as Alternate Scrutinizer, to scrutinize the voting (at AGM venue)

and remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.

20. The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting

at the AGM, first count the votes cast at the meeting, thereafter

unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting and make, not

later than 48 hours of conclusion of the Meeting, a consolidated

Scrutinizer’s Report of the total votes cast in favour or against, if

any, to the Chairman of the Company or a person authorized by

him in writing, who shall countersign the same. The Chairman or

a person authorized by him in writing shall declare the result of

the voting forthwith.

21. The results declared along with the consolidated Scrutinizer’s

Report shall be placed on the Company’s website www.jktyre.

com and on the website of CDSL (www.evotingindia.com) and

shall simultaneously be forwarded to the Stock Exchanges. The

result of the voting will also be displayed at the Notice Board at the

Registered Office and the Administrative Office of the Company.

STATEMENT UNDER SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013

Item no. 4

M/s S S Kothari Mehta & Company, Chartered Accountants, were

appointed as Statutory Auditors of the Company for a term of 3 (three)

consecutive years to hold the office from conclusion of the 64th Annual

General Meeting (AGM) held in the year 2017 till the conclusion of its

67th AGM to be held in the year 2020. Accordingly, the said term will be

determined after the conclusion of the ensuing AGM.

Based on the recommendations of Audit Committee, the Board has

recommended re-appointment of M/s SS Kothari Mehta & Company,

Chartered Accountants, as Statutory Auditors of the Company for a

term of five consecutive years commencing from the conclusion of the

forthcoming 67th AGM until the conclusion of the 72nd AGM. M/s SS

Kothari Mehta & Company, Chartered Accountants, have given their

consent and confirmed their eligibility for the above re-appointment.

Keeping in view the performance of the said firm of the Chartered

Accountants, during their current tenure and also their profile and

experience, the Board considers that Company’s continued association

with them will be in the interest of the Company and recommends

the Resolution set out at Item No. 4 of the Notice for approval of the

Members.

The said firm of the Chartered Accountants has over 6 decades

standing with multi industry experience. The firm has India wide

presence with offices in three regions of India. The firm has large,

medium & MNCs as clients across industry i.e., cement, power,

engineering, textile, sugar, construction, banking and financial sector.

The firm is acting as auditors to various companies listed on the Stock

Exchanges and are also associated in their professional capacity with

several regulatory agencies.

The firm has international presence and is a member of HBL

International, UK with members in 130 countries.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

and/or their relatives is concerned or interested, financially or

otherwise, in the aforesaid Resolution.

Item no. 5

Pursuant to the requirements under the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations), the Company was required

to appoint an Independent Woman Director. Accordingly, based on

the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee,

the Board at its meeting held on 30th January 2020 appointed Smt.

Meera Shankar as an Independent Woman Director for a period

of five consecutive years with effect from the said date. Since her

appointment was as an additional director under Section 161 of the

Companies Act 2013, she will hold office upto the ensuing AGM. The

proposed resolution at item No. 5 of the Notice is for approval of the

members for appointment of Smt. Meera Shankar as a Director of the

Company and also as an Independent Woman Director for a period of

five consecutive years.

The Company has received declaration from Smt. Meera Shankar

that she meets the criteria of independence and is not aware of

any circumstance or situation, which exists or may be reasonably

anticipated, that could impair or impact her ability to discharge her

duties with an objective independent judgment and without any

external influence, as prescribed under the said Act and the Listing

Regulations. Smt. Shankar is not disqualified from being appointed

as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the said Act or debarred from

holding the office of a Director pursuant to any SEBI Order.

In the opinion of the Board, Smt. Meera Shankar fulfills the conditions

specified in the said Act and Rules made thereunder and Listing

Regulations for her appointment as an Independent Director of the

Company and is independent of the Management. Her appointment on

the Board also satisfies the requirement of the Listing Regulations for

appointment of an Independent Woman Director on the Board of the

Company. As an Independent Director, she will not be liable to retire

by rotation and accordingly while ascertaining total number of directors:

letter of appointment of Smt. Meera Shankar as

Independent Director setting out the terms and conditions would be

available for inspection. Brief resume of Smt. Meera Shankar is given

in the notes appended to the Notice of this Meeting.

The Board recommends the aforesaid Resolution for approval by the

members.

Except Smt. Shankar and her relatives to the extent of their shareholding,

if any, in the Company, none of the Directors or Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company and/or their relatives are concerned or

interested, financially or otherwise, in the aforesaid resolution.

Item no. 6

The shareholders of the Company at their Annual General Meeting

(AGM) held on 2nd September 2016 appointed Shri Shreekant Somany

as an Independent Director of the Company for a term of 5 (five)

consecutive years with effect from 16th March 2016. Accordingly,

the first term of Shri Somany as an Independent Director will be

determined on 15th March 2021.

As per provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, an Independent Director

shall hold office for a term up to five consecutive years, but shall be

eligible for reappointment, subject to compliance of certain conditions

and on passing of a Special Resolution by the members of the Company.

Further, such an Independent Director will also not be subject to

retirement of Directors by rotation and accordingly while ascertaining

total number of directors for the purposes of determining directors liable

to retire by rotation, Independent Director shall not be included.

The Board, based on the performance evaluation and as per the

recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of

Directors, considers that given the knowledge, background, experience

and contribution made by Shri Somany during his tenure, it would be

in the interest of the Company to have continued association of Shri

Shreekant Somany as an Independent Director of the Company.

Accordingly, the Board recommended reappointment of Shri Shreekant

Somany as an Independent Director of the Company, for a second

term of five consecutive years with effect from 16th March 2021.

The Company has received declaration from Shri Shreekant Somany

that he meets the criteria of independence and is not aware of

any circumstance or situation, which exists or may be reasonably

anticipated, that could impair or impact his ability to discharge his

duties with an objective independent judgment and without any

external influence, as prescribed under the said Act and the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations). Shri Somany

is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of

Section 164 of the said Act or debarred from holding the office of a

Director pursuant to any SEBI Order.

In the opinion of the Board, Shri Somany fulfills the conditions

specified in the said Act and Rules made thereunder and also the

Listing Regulations for his reappointment as an Independent Director

of the Company and is independent of the Management.

Copy of the draft: letter of re-appointment of Shri Somany as an

Independent

Managing Director

BAKUL JAIN

Director

ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE

3, Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg,

New Delhi – 110 002

REGISTERED OFFICE

Jaykaygram, PO – Tyre Factory,

Kankroli – 313 342, Rajasthan

AUDITORS

S S Kothari Mehta & Company

Chartered Accountants

BHARAT HARI SINGHANIA: Managing

MANAGING DIRECTOR

# ‘Smart’ is control

T

he acronym VUCA – Volatile,

Uncertain, Complex and

Ambiguous - could well

describe the year gone by with

geopolitical tensions creating

headwinds for the economy. In the

last few months of FY20, the world

sailed into uncharted waters with the

unfolding impact of the Covid-19

pandemic, causing socio-economic

disruptions.

The deceleration of Indian economy

continued well into the year under

review as India’s GDP growth

declined to an 11-year low. The

automobile sector, which contributes

in good measure to the country’s

economy, was impacted by

regulatory changes and prolonged

restraint in demand.

For us, as an essential ancillary in

the automotive sector, decline in

the medium and heavy commercial

vehicle segment caused a cascading

impact. The situation deteriorated on

account of the economic uncertainty

in the OEM business. JK Tyre,

being a preferred partner of leading

automotive manufacturers, with a

strong presence in TBR segment, was

impacted as well.

Today, as companies focus on

survival, we chose to work ‘smartly’. It

is in these unprecedented times that

our ability and resilience to surmount

challenges came to the fore.

Addressing challenges, in a ‘smart’ to

action, we consciously shifted our

strategy to leverage opportunities

outside the OEM segment. We

focused on enhancing exports

and our presence in the domestic

replacement segment. This was

followed by the adoption of a

multi-pronged approach in the

aftermarket ranging from continuing

product innovation, sharper focus on

premium products, providing mobility

solutions, augmenting consumer

connect, increasing customer touch

points (particularly through Brand

Shops) and sustained brand building.

We initiated several knowledge and

skills enhancement programs for

our channel partners who represent

our primary point of contact with

customers. This helped us deliver a

superior brand experience to end

users.

This strategic thrust led to healthy

business growth in the aftermarket.

We managed to outperform the

industry and partially offset the

impact of a decline in the OEM

business.

I am happy to share that in an

unparalleled feat, JK Tyre became the

first and only Indian tyre Company

to have rolled out 20 millionth Truck

Bus Radial tyres. It took us 17 years

to cross the 10 million milestone in

2016 and just 4 years since then to

double the number!

During the year gone by, we

sustained our spirit of innovation to

build a ‘smart’ future-ready business

JK Tyre & Industries Limited

Annual Report 2019-20

11:

Managing Director

The JK Tyre of the

past was happy

sweating manual

processes to even

higher efficiencies;

the JK Tyre of

today is investing

deeper in digital

interventions

JK Tyre & Industries Limited

Annual Report 2019-20

13:

Managing Director; Mr. Anshuman

Singhania, Dy.: Managing

Managing Director, retires by rotation

and, being eligible offers himself for re-appointment at the

ensuing AGM.

The Board at its meeting held on 9th September 2019

re-designated Shri Anshuman Singhania as Dy. Managing

Director. There is no other change in the Directors/Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company during the year.

CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, ETC.

The details, as required under Section 134(3)(m) read with the:

Managing Director:

Managing Director:

Managing Director

Executive

5

Yes

7

4

2

2

Shri Arvind Singh Mewar ∆

IND

4

Yes

-

-

-

3

Shri Bakul Jain ∆

IND

6

Yes

4

4

2

4

Shri Shreekant Somany ∆

IND

4

Yes

4

2

-

5

Smt. Sunanda Singhania

NED

6

No

-

-

-

6

Shri Vimal Bhandari ∆

IND

6

No

5

2

1

7

Shri Kalpataru Tripathy ∆

IND

6

Yes

5

3

1

8

Dr. Wolfgang Holzbach∆

IND

5

No

-

-

-

9

Smt. Meera Shankar ∆ @

IND

1

N.A.

4

2

-

10

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania,: Managing

Managing Director w.e.f. 9th September 2019.

*

DIN of the above named directors in seriatim: 1 - 00036129; 2 - 00008244; 3 – 00380256; 4 – 00021423; 5 – 02356376; 6 – 00001318;

7 – 00865794; 8 – 06422833; 9 - 06374957; 10 – 00041156; 11 – 02356566 and 12 – 00026540.

$

Excluding private companies and companies under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013. Independent Directorships held by the

Directors are in accordance with the Listing Regulations.

**

Only covers Memberships/Chairmanships of Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee.

N.A. Not Applicable

Details of directorships in other listed companies and the category of directorship:

Name of Director and name of the listed company (category of Directorship)

Dr. Raghupati Singhania: JK Lakshmi Cement Ltd. (NED), Bengal & Assam Company Ltd. (NED), JK Agri Genetics Ltd.(NED) and Radico

Khaitan Ltd.(Ind.)

Shri Bakul Jain: DCW Ltd. (Executive,: Managing Director) and Bengal & Assam Company Ltd. (Ind.)

Shri Shreekant Somany: Somany Ceramics Ltd. (Executive,

Managing Director were

evaluated, taking into account the views of Executive Directors of

the Company. The Chairman of the Meeting of the Independent

Directors apprised the Board about the evaluation carried by it

and that the Independent Directors were fully satisfied in this

regard.

6. AUDIT COMMITTEE:

The Company has an Audit Committee of Directors since 1986. The

composition and the ‘Terms of Reference’ of the Committee are in

conformity with the provisions of Section 177 of the Companies

Act, 2013 and Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations.

The Committee consists of four Directors, out of which three

are Non-executive Independent Directors and one is Executive

Director.

Five meetings of the Audit Committee were held during the

financial year ended 31st March 2020.

Dates of the meetings and the number of Members attended are:

Date of the Meeting

Number of Members attended

16th May 2019

3*

1st August 2019

4

30th October 2019

4

30th January 2020

3*

25th March 2020

4

*Shri Kalpataru Tripathy, an independent director, attended

the Audit Committee Meetings held on 16th May 2019 and on

30th January 2020.

The names of the Members of the Committee and their

attendance at the Meetings are as follows:

Name

Status

No. of Meetings

attended

Shri Bakul Jain

Chairman

5

Shri A.S. Mewar

Member

3

Shri Shreekant Somany

Member

3

Shri Arun K. Bajoria

Member

5

All the Committee Meetings were attended by the Head of

Finance Function and Company Secretary. The Head of Internal

Audit and the representative of the Statutory Auditor are regular

in attending the Committee Meetings. The Company Secretary

acts as the Secretary of the Committee.

7. STAKEHOLDERS’

RELATIONSHIP

COMMITTEE:

The Company has a Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee at the

Board Level which consists of three Directors out of which two

are Non-executive Independent Directors and one is Executive

Director. The composition and the Role/‘Terms of Reference’ of

the Committee are in conformity with the provisions of Section

178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 20 of the Listing

Regulations.

During the financial year ended 31st March 2020, two meetings

of the Committee were held on 16th May 2019 and on

30th October 2019. Shri Bakul Jain (Chairman of the Committee)

and Shri Arun K. Bajoria, Member of the Committee attended

both the meetings and Shri Shreekant Somany attended the

meeting held on 30th October 2019.:

Managing Director,: Managing Director and Dy. Managing Director is five years

from the respective dates of appointments and three years

from the date of appointment in case of Director & President

- International Operations. In the case of all Executive

Directors, notice period is six months. Severance Fees for the

Managing Director of

the Company; and (e) Reporting of Internal Auditor: The Head

of Internal Audit of the Company administratively reports to the

Dy.: Managing Director. However, his Internal Audit Reports are

placed before the Audit Committee.

(xix) The Company has complied with all the applicable

requirements specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to

(i) of sub–regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations.

(xx) Bankers:

Bank of India

State Bank of India

Corporation Bank

The Federal Bank Ltd.

IDBI Bank Ltd.

Punjab National Bank

Indian Bank

(xxi) (a) Transfer of Shares to IEPF Authority

As on 1st April 2019, the Company had 7,03,818 Equity

Shares in the demat account of Investor Education

and Protection Fund Authority (IEPF Authority). In

accordance with the Section 124(6) of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with the Investor Education and

Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer

and Refund) Rules, 2016, as amended (IEPFA Rules),

the Company has transferred 1,23,670 Equity Shares

to the demat account of IEPF Authority, during the

year. During the year, nine shareholders have claimed

back 2,775 Equity Shares from the IEPF Authority. As

on 31st March 2020, there are 8,24,713 Equity Shares

in the demat account of IEPF Authority. The details of

such shareholders are available on the website of the

Company. The said shares can be claimed back by

the shareholders from the IEPF Authority as per the

procedure laid down in the IEPFA Rules.

(b) Information in terms of Schedule V(F) of the Listing

Regulations:

As on 1st April 2019, the Company had 1,14,215

Equity Shares, which were unclaimed by 421 Equity

Shareholders. These were lying in dematerialized

mode in the suspense account. Out of the above, the

Company has transferred 41,145 Equity Shares, which

remained unclaimed by 169 Equity Shareholders, to

the demat account of IEPF Authority, during the year,

as aforesaid. Further, the Company received 3 requests

during the year, for 3,885 Equity Shares for despatch,

from the suspense account. These have since been

despatched. Accordingly, as on 31st March 2020, the

Company has 69,185 Equity Shares which remain

unclaimed by 249 Equity Shareholders in the suspense

account. The “Unclaimed Suspense Account” is held

by the Company purely on behalf of the allottees and

the Shares held in such Suspense Account shall not be

transferred except to the allottees as and when they

approach the Company.

The voting rights on these shares as detailed in para (a)

and (b) above, shall remain frozen till the rightful owners

of such shares claim the same.

16. DECLARATION:

It is hereby declared that all the members of the Board and the

Senior Management personnel have affirmed compliance with

the “Code of Conduct for Members of the Board and Senior

Management of JK Tyre & Industries Ltd.” during the Financial Year

ended 31st March 2020.

Dr. Raghupati Singhania

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

(ii)

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

letter of credit to the extent possible. The Company has a well-

defined sales policy to minimize its risk of credit defaults. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored and assessed.

Impairment analysis is performed based on historical data at each reporting date on an individual basis. However, a large number of

minor receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively.

o

Deposits with Bank: The deposits with banks constitute mostly the liquid investment of the company and are generally not exposed

to credit risk.

Liquidity Risk: Liquidity risk is the risk, where the company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial

liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The company’s approach is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will

have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due.

The table below summarises the maturity profile of company’s financial liabilities based on contractual payments::

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Letter of Credit H2.25 crores (Previous year:

H35.07 crores, H14.74 crores, H0.01 crore, H8.83 crores and Nil, respectively).

NOTE - 16 CURRENT TAX ASSETS (NET)

Current Tax Assets (Net)

81.82

73.37

81.82

73.37:

Managing Director

(ii)

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

letter of credit to the extent possible. The Company has a well-

defined sales policy to minimize its risk of credit defaults. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored and assessed.

Impairment analysis is performed based on historical data at each reporting date on an individual basis. However, a large number of

minor receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively.

o

Deposits with Bank: The deposits with banks constitute mostly the liquid investment of the Company and are generally not exposed

to credit risk.

H in Crores (10 Million)

Particulars

As at

31.03.2020

As at

31.03.2019

Change in Basis Points

+ 25

+ 25

Effect on Profit before Tax

(13.87)

(14.39)

Change in Basis Points

- 25

- 25

Effect on Profit before Tax

13.87

14.39

The assumed movement in basis points for the interest rate sensitivity analysis is based on the currently observable market

environment.

Notes to the consolidated financial statements:

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director – 159.4; Shri Bharat Hari Singhania; Managing

Director – 78.9; Shri Arun K. Bajoria, Director & President - International Operations – 93.1 and Shri Anshuman Singhania,

Deputy: Managing Director – 63.1.

(b) The percentage increase in remuneration of each director, chief executive officer, chief financial officer and company

secretary in the financial year: During the financial year, remuneration of Dr. Raghupati Singhania,

