letter dated May 22, 2020 wherein the Company had informed that the

81st Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) of the Company will be held on Tuesday, July 7, 2020 at 3.00

p.m. (IST) via two-way Video Conference / Other Audio Visual Means only, in accordance with the

General Circular issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs dated May 5, 2020 read with General

Circulars dated April 8, 2020 and April 13, 2020 and SEBI Circular dated May 12, 2020.

Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the Integrated Annual

Report of the Company along with the Notice of the 81st AGM and other Statutory Reports for the

Financial Year 2019-20, which is also being sent through electronic mode to those Members whose

e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/Registrar and Transfer Agent/ Depositories.

of

the

Company

at

The

same

is

also

available

on

the

website

https://www.tatachemicals.com/investors/financial-reports/Yearly-reports.

This is for your information and records.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,

For Tata Chemicals Limited

Rajiv Chandan

General Counsel & Company Secretary

Encl.: as above:

Managing Director of the Company on April 1, 2002 and held the position till his superannuation on September

30, 2019. Mr. Bhat has engineered the creation of many brands including pioneering the concept of franchising and

retailing in Watches, Jewellery, Eyewear and Precision Engineering. He was awarded the Distinguished Alumnus Award

of IIT Madras in 2008. He was inducted as a Director on the Board of Tata Sons in November 2017. He was appointed as

Non-Executive Director of Tata Chemicals Limited in December 2016.

MS. VIBHA PAuL RISHI

Non-Executive Independent Director

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi holds a BA Degree in Economics from Delhi University and an MBA with specialisation in marketing

from the Faculty of Management Studies, New Delhi. She is an experienced business leader who has worked with Titan,

PepsiCo, Max India and Future Group with stints in India, the UK and USA. Her last role was as the Executive Director,

Brand and Human Capital of Max India. She has worked at senior positions in branding, strategy, innovation and human

capital around the world. She serves on the Boards of several reputed companies and is also on the Board of Pratham,

an NGO that works to provide education to underprivileged children in India and is the Non-Executive, Independent

Director on the Board of Tata Chemicals since September 2014.

MR. S. PADMANABHAN

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Padmanabhan is a distinguished alumnus of IIM Bangalore, a Gold Medallist and alumnus from PSG College of

Technology, Coimbatore and has also completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School.

His career with the Tata Group companies spans over 35 years. During a 26-year stint with Tata Consultancy Services,

Mr. Padmanabhan held several senior leadership roles. In the past, he has held the positions of Executive Director of Tata

Power as well as the Group Chief Human Resources Officer at Tata Sons. He also serves on the Boards of several other

Tata companies. Appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Tata Chemicals Limited in December 2016, he is currently the

Executive Chairman, Tata Business Excellence Group (TBExG) and head of Ethics.

MS. PADMINI kHARE kAICkER

Non-Executive Independent Director

Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker is a Chartered Accountant from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, a Certified

Public Accountant (USA) and a Diploma holder in Business Finance from the Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of

India. She is the Managing Partner of B. K. Khare & Co., one of the leading Indian accounting firms. She has a wide and

varied experience in the areas of audit, taxation, corporate finance, risk management, corporate governance, M&A and

restructuring. She serves on the Board of several companies and has been a Non-Executive, Independent Director on the

Board of Tata Chemicals Limited since April 2018.

DR. C. V. NATRAj

Non-Executive Independent Director

Dr. C. V. Natraj is a Ph.D. in Chemistry from the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore. He also has postdoctoral research

experience in biochemistry from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Dr. Natraj has more than 30 years of experience

in research. He headed the research function as Director on the Board of Hindustan Lever Limited and later went on to

lead the Corporate Research function for Unilever as Senior Vice President. He is the Technical Advisor to the Society for

Innovation and Development at the Indian Institute of Science. He was appointed on the Board of Tata Chemicals Limited

as a Non-Executive, Independent Director in August 2019.

B

D

A

C

E

A

B

F

A

C

C

A

C

E

D

F

08 I INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20:

Managing Director & CEO of

Asian Paints Limited effective April 1, 2012. He superannuated as the: Managing Director & CEO of Asian Paints Limited

on March 31, 2020. He serves on the Board of Marico Limited and Borosil Glass Works Limited. He was appointed on the

Board of Tata Chemicals Limited as a Non-Executive, Independent Director in October 2019.

MR. R. MukuNDAN

Managing Director & CEO

An engineer from IIT Roorkee, he joined the Tata Administrative Service in 1990, after completion of MBA from FMS, Delhi

University. He is also an alumnus of the Harvard Business School. He has extensive experience in the field of strategy,

business development, manufacturing and general management. During his 30 year career with the Tata Group, he has

held various responsibilities across the chemical, automotive and hospitality sectors of the group. He serves on executive

committees of various industry forums.

MR. ZARIR LANGRANA

Executive Director

An economics graduate from the University of Madras with post-graduation in Business Management from XLRI,

Jamshedpur, Mr. Langrana has also attended Advanced Executive Development programmes at Harvard Business School.

During his association with Tata Chemicals of over 35 years joining through the Tata Administrative Service, he has led the

Corporate Strategy and Business Development functions and headed the global marketing function for the chemicals

business. Appointed an Executive Director in April 2018, Mr. Langrana currently heads the Global Chemicals Business

and the new ventures in Specialty Chemicals. He also serves on the executive committees of various industry forums in

the country.

MR. RATAN N. TATA

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Zarir Langrana

Executive Director

Mr. John Mulhall

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. R. Nanda

Chief Human Resources Officer

Mr. Rajiv Chandan

General Counsel & Company Secretary

Mr. Shohab Rais

Chief Operating Officer,

India Chemicals Business

Mr. Rino Raj

Chief Operating Officer,

Energy & Battery Business

Mr. K. R. Venkatadri

Chief Innovation & Digital Officer

Mr. M. S. S. Rao

Chief Safety & Engineering

Mr. Sanjiv Lal: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

At the outset, I hope you and your family

are safe. We are indeed living through

very unusual times and your Company

has faced the challenge of Covid-19

pandemic by immediately mobilising

efforts to protect employees and our

immediate communities. In line with the

Tata philosophy of community being

a key stakeholder in the business, we

proactively pivoted our assets to serve

our communities to face the pandemic.

We stepped up our efforts to produce

and supply disinfectants and masks,

ensure food security and ramp up

medical facilities in and around our plant

at Mithapur, Gujarat. Our subsidiary

Rallis temporarily transformed its

chemical units to supply hand sanitisers

across Maharashtra, Gujarat, Telangana

and Karnataka.

Our approach to the pandemic was

centred around four key actions of:

1. Safety of our employees, communities,

partners and assets

2. Rapid pivot to digital to ensure

business continuity

3. Conservation of cash through

cost control, working capital and

capex reduction

4. Ensuring continuous support to our

customers and supply chain partners.

At this point of time, all our plants and

R&D centres are operational. I take this

opportunity to thank our teams for their

resilience and agility. While this pandemic

has impacted economic activity, we are

confident of emerging stronger as we

come out of this challenge.

Advancing Science, Creating Value

This year we made significant progress

in our strategy by becoming a sharply

focussed science and chemistry-led

organisation, with the smooth transition of

our consumer business as a merged entity

with Tata Consumer Products Limited.

I want to thank all our stakeholders for

their support and guidance through

this process to create value for all our

shareholders.

Our strategy going forward will be to build

scale and value in the businesses of:

1. Performance Materials (Soda Ash,

Marine Chemicals, Silica and Nano

Products)

2. Nutritional Sciences (Food and Pharma

grade Salt and Bicarb, Ingredients and

formulations, Prebiotics, Probiotics and

Natural Extracts)

3. Agri-Sciences (Crop care, seeds –

through our subsidiary Rallis)

4. Energy Sciences (Battery recycling,

actives and battery storage)

During the year, we acquired the

balance 25% stake in Tata Chemicals

(Soda Ash) Partners in North America

for US$ 195 million. It is now our fully

owned subsidiary, resulting in a simpler

organisation structure and greater degree

of strategic freedom. Our Soda Ash units

in India, UK and USA delivered to the

plan. The Kenyan unit has since overcome

operational issues. Our Silica unit at

Tamil Nadu launched new Technical and

Food grades for diverse applications. Our

supplies of Salt kept pace with demand

in India and the UK. We will continue

to accelerate capex to support growth

in these markets. Our expansion and

investments in Food and Pharma grade

bicarb is progressing on schedule in

the UK and India. Our Prebiotics FOS

manufacturing plant at Andhra Pradesh

began its commercial production in the

last quarter of the year. Rallis delivered a

strong performance and our focus is on

new product launches and scheduled

capex completion. Rallis completed the

merger of Metahelix, thereby having a

complete portfolio of products including

seeds, crop care, etc. in its portfolio. We

moderated our investments in EV Battery

in tune with the pace of transition to

electric in the auto sector, even as we

began operations of battery recycling unit.

On the financial front, consolidated

revenue from operations was flat at

` 10,357 crore in FY 2019-20. EBITDA

increased by 9% to ` 1,949 crore, while PAT

was ` 1,028 crore. Our business continues

to generate robust cash flows at ` 1,780

crore which supported the Capex to the

tune of ` 1,199 crore during the year. The

total cash and current investment was

` 3,681 crore as on March 31, 2020.

We will continue to drive value through

innovation, digitalisation and sustainability

across our five business units. We will

continue to invest in our R&D labs in Pune

and Bengaluru to bring new products and

offerings to our customers. The current

pandemic has brought the importance of

digital thrust and sustainability focus. Our

newest plant in Andhra Pradesh has been

designed with digital thread as a central

core along with sustainability embedded

in its operations. We see this as our future

design and operational principle.

Going forward, we expect immediate

market conditions to be challenging

and your Company is well positioned to

emerge stronger by leveraging the rethink

in supply chain strategies around the

world. I take this opportunity to thank you

all for your continued support and trust

in us.

Best regards,

R. Mukundan: Managing

Managing director & Ceo

•

Mr. Zarir langrana, executive director

•

Mr. John Mulhall, Chief Financial officer

•

Mr. rajiv Chandan, general Counsel & Company Secretary

Governance Guidelines

the Company has adopted the governance guidelines on Board

effectiveness to fulfill its corporate governance responsibility

towards its stakeholders. the governance guidelines cover

aspects relating to composition and role of the Board, Chairman

and directors, Board diversity, definition of independence, director

term, retirement age and Committees of the Board. It also covers

aspects relating to nomination, appointment, induction and

development of directors, director’s remuneration, subsidiary

oversight, code of conduct, review of Board effectiveness and

mandates of Committees of the Board.

Procedure for Nomination and Appointment of

Directors

the nrC is responsible for developing competency requirements

for the Board based on the industry and strategy of the Company.

the Board composition analysis reflects in-depth understanding

of the Company, including its strategies, environment, operations,

financial condition and compliance requirements.

nrC conducts a gap analysis to refresh the Board on a periodic

basis, including each time a director’s appointment or re-

appointment is required. the Committee is also responsible for

reviewing the profiles of potential candidates vis-à-vis the required

competencies and meeting potential candidates, prior to making

recommendations of their nomination to the Board. at the time

of appointment, specific requirements for the position, including

expert knowledge expected, is communicated to the appointee.

during FY 2018-19, the Board had also identified the list of core

skills, expertise and competencies of the Board of directors as are

required in the context of the businesses and sectors applicable

to the Company and those actually available with the Board.

the Company has also mapped each of the skills, expertise

and competencies against the names of the Board Members

possessing the same.

Scientific Advisory Board

the Board has constituted a Scientific advisory Board consisting of

scientists with relevant domain expertise under the Chairmanship

of dr. C. V. natraj, Independent director of the Company with a

view to synergise the research & development initiatives at the

Company’s Innovation Centre and research & development

Centres (crop care and seeds respectively) of rallis India limited.

Further details in this regard are provided in the Corporate

governance report.

Criteria for determining Qualifications, Positive

Attributes and Independence of a Director

the nrC has formulated the criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes and independence of directors in terms of

provisions of Section 178 (3) of the act and the listing regulations.

the relevant information has been given in Annexure 3 which

forms part of this report.:

Managing Director & CEO

Bengaluru, May 15, 2020

Mumbai, May 15, 2020:

Managing Director & CEO

Bengaluru, May 15, 2020

Mumbai, May 15, 2020:

Managing Director & CEO:

Managing Director & CEO

Bengaluru, May 15, 2020

Mumbai, May 15, 2020

Annexure 3 to Board’s Report

Criteria for Determining Qualifications, Positive

Attributes and Independence of Directors

1 ‘tata company’ shall mean every company in which tata Sons private limited or tata Industries limited or any company promoted by tata Sons private limited or

tata Industries limited is promoter or a company in which such companies whether singly or collectively hold directly or indirectly 26% or more of the paid-up equity

share capital or in which the shareholding of such companies represents the largest Indian holding apart from holdings of financial institutions/mutual funds or a

company which is permitted by tata Sons private limited to use the tata brand name.:

Managing director (‘Md’)/executive

directors (‘ed’)/KMp/rest of the employees1

Annexure 4 to Board’s Report

Remuneration Policy for Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel and other Employees:

Managing Director & CEO

Bengaluru, May 15, 2020

Mumbai, May 15, 2020

1 excludes employees covered by any long term settlements or specific term contracts. the remuneration for these employees would be

driven by the respective long term settlements or contracts.:

Managing Director & CEO

Bengaluru, May 15, 2020

Mumbai, May 15, 2020:

Managing director & Ceo

108.76:1

1.63

Mr. Zarir langrana

52.40:1

5.08

Key Managerial Personnel

Mr. John Mulhall, CFo

-

(6.42)

Mr. rajiv Chandan, general Counsel & Company Secretary

-

6.12

Note: Commission relates to FY ended March 31, 2020, which will be paid during FY 2020-21.

* In line with the internal guidelines, no commission was paid to Mr. Bhaskar Bhat, non-executive director of the Company, for FY 2018-19 who was

in full-time employment with other tata company. However, Mr. Bhat is eligible to receive commission from the Company for FY 2019-20 in view of

his superannuation from titan Company limited as the: Managing director and Ceo effective September 30, 2019. Hence, the percentage increase

in remuneration over the previous year is not applicable.

** In line with the internal guidelines, no payment is made towards commission to Mr. S. padmanabhan, non-executive director of the Company,

who is in full-time employment with other tata company.

# dr. C. V. natraj and Mr. K. B. S. anand were appointed as Independent directors on the Board of the Company during the year and hence the

percentage increase in remuneration over the previous year is not applicable.

B.

Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in FY 2019-20: 14.72%

C.

Number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2020: 1,820

D.

Comparison of average percentile increase in salary of employees other than the managerial personnel and the

percentile increase in the managerial remuneration:

Particular

% change in remuneration

average increase in salary of employees (other than managerial personnel)

4.40%

average increase in remuneration of managerial personnel

2.73%

E.

Affirmation:

It is affirmed that the remuneration paid to the directors, Key Managerial personnel and other employees is as per the remuneration

policy of the Company.

On behalf of the Board of

letter of even date which is annexed

as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. our responsibility is to express an opinion

on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of

the contents of the secretarial records. the verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the process and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events, etc.

5.

the Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

the Secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Parikh & Associates

Company Secretaries

P. N. Parikh

Partner

FCS No: 327 CP No: 1228

Mumbai, May 15, 2020

UDIN: F000327B000243955:

Managing director, Whole-time directors

and/or Manager

B.

remuneration to other directors

C.

remuneration to Key Managerial personnel other than: Managing director/ Manager/ Whole-time director

VII. Penalties / Punishment/ Compounding of Offences

as per annexure F

Managing Director & CEO)

at the beginning of the year

500

0.00

500

0.00

at the end of the year

500

0.00

500

0.00

3.

Mr. Zarir Langrana (Executive Director)

at the beginning of the year

3,666

0.00

3,666

0.00

at the end of the year

3,666

0.00

3,666

0.00

Note:

1.

Mr. Bhaskar Bhat, Ms. Vibha paul rishi, Ms. padmini Khare Kaicker, Mr. S. padmanabhan and Mr. K. B. S. anand do not hold any shares

of the Company.

2.

Mr. John Mulhall, Chief Financial officer and Mr. rajiv Chandan, general Counsel & Company Secretary, Key Managerial personnel, do

not hold any shares of the Company.:

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager:

(`)

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Mr. R. Mukundan

Mr. Zarir Langrana

Managing

Director & CEO

Executive Director

1.

gross Salary

2,99,91,072

1,62,03,435

(a)

Salary as per provisions contained in Section 17(1) of the Income tax act, 1961

52,812

26,898

(b)

Value of perquisites under Section 17(2) of the Income tax act, 1961

-

-

(c)

profits in lieu of salary under Section 17(3) of the Income tax act, 1961

-

-

2.

Stock options

-

-

3.

Sweat equity

-

-

4.

Commission

-

as % of profit

-

others, specify...performance-based

3,55,00,000*

1,42,50,000*

5.

others (Contribution to pF and SaF, as applicable)

14,32,080

17,86,050

Total

6,69,75,964

3,22,66,383

Ceiling as per the act (@10% of the net profits of the Company

calculated as per Section 198 of the Companies act, 2013)

86.49 crore

* Commission relates to FY 2019-20, which will be paid during FY 2020-21:

Managing director and Ceo effective September 30, 2019

** In line with the internal guidelines, no payment is made towards commission to Mr. S. padmanabhan, non-executive director of the Company, who is in

full-time employment with other tata company

# retired as Independent director of the Company with effect from august 20, 2019 upon completion of tenure

^ appointed as non-executive Independent director with effect from august 8, 2019

$ appointed as non-executive Independent director with effect from october 15, 2019

Note: Ceiling limits are for FY 2019-20. Commission relates to FY 2019-20, which will be paid during FY 2020-21

C.

Remuneration to Key Managerial Personnel other than: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Bengaluru, May 15, 2020

Mumbai, May 15, 2020:

Managing Director & CEO and the

Executive Director as well as for its Non-Executive Directors

including Independent Directors which suitably incorporates

the duties of Independent Directors as laid down in the

Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’). The Company has also

adopted the Guidelines on Board Effectiveness to fulfill its

responsibilities towards its stakeholders.

The Company’s Corporate Governance philosophy has been

further strengthened through the Tata Business Excellence

Model, the Tata Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider

Trading and the Code of Corporate Disclosure Practices and

adoption of Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption and Anti-Money

Laundering Policies.

The Company has adhered to the requirements stipulated

under Regulations 17 to 27 read with para C and D of

Schedule V and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of

Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) as

applicable [including relaxations granted by SEBI in the wake

of Covid-19], with regard to Corporate Governance and

the same has been disclosed in this Report. The Company

endeavours to ensure that highest standards of ethical and

responsible conduct are met throughout the organisation.

2.

Board of Directors

Composition of the Board

The Board of Directors of the Company is the highest

governance authority within the management structure

of the Company. Further, the Board is totally committed to

the best practices for effective Corporate Governance. The

Board regularly reviews and updates Corporate Governance

practices to accommodate developments within the market

place in general and the business in particular.

The Company has an active, experienced, diverse and a

well-informed Board. The Board along with its Committees

undertakes its fiduciary duties keeping in mind the interests

of all its stakeholders and the Company’s Corporate

Governance philosophy. The Nomination and Remuneration

Committee of the Board ensures the right composition of the

Board. As on March 31, 2020, the composition of the Board of

Directors was as under:

The composition of the Board of Directors of the Company is

in conformity with Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations

and Section 149 of the Act.

Detailed profile of the Directors is available on the Company’s

website at https://www.tatachemicals.com/DirectorsProfile.htm.

Corporate Governance Report

We do not claim to be more unselfish, more generous or more philanthropic than other people. But we think we

started on sound and straightforward business principles, considering the interests of the shareholders our own,

and the health and welfare of the employees, the sure foundation of our success.

- Jamsetji Tata

Board Composition as on March 31, 2020

Non-Executive Independent Directors

(including 2 Women Directors)

Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors

Executive Directors

50%

25%

8

Directors

25%:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer; ED – Executive Director; NE-NIC – Non-Executive Non-Independent Chairperson;

NE-NID – Non-Executive Non-Independent Director; ID – Independent Director

*

Excludes directorships in associations, private limited companies, foreign companies, companies registered under Section 8 of the Act, Government

Bodies and Alternate Directorships

**

Represents Chairpersonships/Memberships of Audit and Stakeholders Relationship Committees in all public limited companies as required under

Regulation 26(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations

#

Retired as Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. August 20, 2019 upon completion of tenure

^

Dr. C. V. Natraj and Mr. K. B. S. Anand were appointed as Independent Directors of the Company w.e.f. August 8, 2019 and October 15, 2019 respectively

&

Retired as the MD & CEO of Asian Paints Limited w.e.f. March 31, 2020. Further, Mr. Anand has been appointed as an Independent Director on the Board

of Marico Limited w.e.f. April 1, 2020

The Eightieth (80th) Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) of the Company for the Financial Year (‘FY’) 2018-19 was held on July 8, 2019. All the

Directors of the Company as on the date of the AGM except Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, Independent Director were present at the 80th AGM.

None of the Directors on the Board is a Director in more than 7 listed entities. None of the Non-Executive Directors is an Independent

Director in more than 7 listed companies as required under the Listing Regulations. Further, the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO apprises the Board on the overall

performance of the Company every quarter including the

performance of the overseas operating subsidiaries.

The Board periodically reviews the strategy, annual business

plan, business performance of the Company and its key

subsidiaries, technology and innovation, quality, customer

centricity, capital expenditure budgets and risk management,

safety and environment matters. Amongst other things,

the Board also reviews the compliance reports of the laws

applicable to the Company, internal financial controls and

financial reporting systems, minutes of the Board Meetings

of the Company’s subsidiary companies, adoption of

quarterly/half-yearly/annual results, corporate restructuring,

transactions pertaining to purchase/disposal of property,

major accounting provisions and write-offs/write-backs,

minutes of the Meetings of the Audit and other Committees

of the Board.

In addition to the information required under Regulation

17(7) read with Part A of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations,

which is required to be placed before the Board, the Directors

are also kept informed of major events and approvals

obtained, if necessary.

All the Board and Committee Meetings conducted are

paperless with documents securely uploaded on the Board

Application and accessed through an iPad. This has resulted

in saving paper, reducing the cycle time to make documents

available to the Board/Committee Members and increasing

confidentiality.

Video conferencing facility is also used to facilitate Directors

travelling/residing abroad or at other locations to participate

in the Meetings. In compliance with the relaxations granted

by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs due to outbreak of

Covid-19, the Company has also conducted its Board and

Committee Meetings through video conferencing, without

physical presence of Directors and attendees, to adhere to

the social distancing norms.

Board Meetings Held

The Board met nine (9) times during FY 2019-20.

The gap between two Meetings did not exceed one hundred

and twenty days and the Meetings were conducted in

compliance with all applicable laws. The necessary quorum

was present for all the Board Meetings.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer; ED - Executive Director;

LOA – Leave of Absence; N.A. – Not Applicable

# Retired as Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. August 20, 2019 upon completion of tenure

* Appointed as an Additional and Independent Director w.e.f. August 8, 2019

^ Appointed as an Additional and Independent Director w.e.f. October 15, 2019

& Mr. S. Padmanabhan joined the Meeting through audio call

During the year under review, the Board elected Mr. Bhaskar

Bhat as Chairperson for each of the above Meetings of the

Board.

Independent Directors

The Company currently has 4 Non-Executive Independent

Directors which comprise 50% of the total strength of the

Board of Directors.

Mr. Nasser Munjee and Dr. Y. S. P. Thorat ceased to be

Independent Directors of the Company with effect from

August 20, 2019 upon completion of their tenure.

During the year, the Board of Directors based on the

recommendations made by the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee appointed Dr. C. V. Natraj and Mr. K. B. S. Anand

as Non-Executive Independent Directors with effect from

August 8, 2019 and October 15, 2019 respectively, subject to

approval of the shareholders.

Independence of Directors

The Company has received a declaration from the

Independent Directors confirming that they meet the criteria

of independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the

Act read with Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations.

In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations, the

Independent Directors have confirmed that they are not

aware of any circumstances or situations which exist or may

be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their

ability to discharge their duties.

In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors fulfill

the conditions of independence specified in the Act and the

Listing Regulations and are independent of the management.

Further, the Independent Directors of the Company have

undertaken requisite steps towards the inclusion of their

names in the data bank of Independent Directors maintained

with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs in terms of

Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies

(Appointment & Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.

Meeting of Independent Directors

During the year under review, one meeting of the

Independent Directors of the Company was held on

March 26, 2020 as required under Schedule IV of the Act (Code

of Independent Directors) and Regulation 25(3) of the Listing

Regulations. At their Meeting, the Independent Directors

reviewed the performance of Non-Independent Directors

and the Board as a whole, Chairperson (as elected by the

Board for each meeting of the Board of Directors) after taking:

Managing Director & CEO forms

part of this Report.

Apart from reimbursement of expenses incurred in discharging

their duties and the remuneration that the Directors would:

Managing Director & CEO, Executive Director,

Chief Financial Officer, Statutory Auditor and Controller

- Risk & Internal Auditor attend and participate in all the

Meetings of the Committee. The Chief Operating Officers

and Chief Human Resources Officer attend the Meetings

where Internal Audit Reports are discussed. The Committee,

from time to time, also invites such of the executives, as it

considers appropriate, to be present at the Meetings.

During the year under review, the Committee reviewed

the key audit findings covering operational, financial and

compliance areas, internal financial controls and financial

reporting systems. The Audit Committee also reviewed the

reports on leadership of business ethics, reports on dealings

under Prohibition of Insider Trading Regulations and Related

Party Transactions. The Chairperson of the Audit Committee

briefs the Board about the significant discussions at the

Audit Committee Meetings. The minutes of each of the Audit

Committee Meeting are placed in the next Meeting of the

Board.

Mr.

Nasser

Munjee,

former

Chairperson

of

the

Audit Committee, was present at the last AGM held on

July 8, 2019. Ms. Padmini Khaire Kaicker, Chairperson of the

Audit Committee, was also present at the last AGM held on

July 8, 2019.

4.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

The role of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(‘NRC’) is to oversee the selection of Directors and Senior

Management Personnel based on criteria related to the

specific requirement of expertise and independence.

The NRC evaluates the performance of Directors and

Senior Management Personnel based on the expected

performance criteria. NRC also recommends to the Board the

remuneration payable to Directors and Senior Management

Personnel of the Company.

Terms of Reference

The Board has adopted a charter of the NRC for its smooth

functioning covering aspects relating to composition,

responsibilities, evaluation process, remuneration, Board

development and reviewing HR strategy. The key terms of

reference of the NRC, inter alia, are:

•

Make recommendations to the Board regarding the

setup and composition of the Board;

•

Identify persons who are qualified to become directors

and who may be appointed in senior management in

accordance with the criteria laid down and recommend

to the Board of Directors their appointment and

removal;

•

Formulate the criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes and independence of a Director

and recommend to the Board a policy, relating to

the remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel (‘KMP’) and other employees;:

Managing Director/Executive Director(s), KMP and

executive team members;

•

Assist the Board in fulfilling its corporate governance

responsibilities relating to remuneration of Board, KMP

and executive team members;

•

Oversee familiarisation programmes for Directors;

•

Review HR and people strategy and its alignment with

the business strategy periodically or when a change is

made to either;

•

Provide guidelines for remuneration of Directors on

material subsidiaries;

•

Perform other activities related to the charter as

requested by the Board from time to time.

Meetings Held

During FY 2019-20, three (3) Meetings of NRC were held on

the following dates:

• May 3, 2019

• March 26, 2020

• November 21, 2019

The necessary quorum was present for all the Meetings of

the Committee.

Composition and Attendance

Name of the Member

Category

No. of

Meetings

attended

Dr. Y. S. P. Thorat (Chairperson)#

ID

1

Mr. Nasser Munjee##

ID

1

Dr. C. V. Natraj (Chairperson)$

ID

2

Mr. Bhaskar Bhat

NED

3

Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker &

ID

2

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi^

ID

N.A.

ID - Independent Director; NED - Non-Executive Director

# Retired

as

Independent

Director

of

the

Company

w.e.f. August 20, 2019 upon completion of tenure and accordingly

ceased as the Chairperson and Member of the Committee with effect

from that date

## Retired

as

Independent

Director

of

the

Company

w.e.f. August 20, 2019 upon completion of tenure and accordingly

ceased as a Member of the Committee with effect from that date

$ Appointed as a Member of the Committee w.e.f. August 8, 2019 and

the Chairperson w.e.f. August 21, 2019

& Appointed as a Member of the Committee w.e.f. August 8, 2019

^ Appointed as a Member of the Committee w.e.f. March 26, 2020

Dr. Y. S. P. Thorat, former Chairperson of the NRC, was present

at the last AGM held on July 8, 2019.

The composition and terms of reference of the NRC are in

compliance with the provisions of Section 178(1) of the Act

and Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations.

Board and Director Evaluation

In terms of the requirement of the Act and the Listing

Regulations, during the year under review, the Board has

carried out an annual performance evaluation of its own

performance, performance of the Directors as well as the

evaluation of the working of its Committees. The exercise

was led by the Chairperson of the NRC along with the

Chairperson elected for each Meeting of the Board.

Criteria for Evaluation

The Board of Directors has carried out an annual evaluation of

its own performance, its committees and Directors pursuant

to the provisions of the Act and the Corporate Governance

requirements as prescribed by the Listing Regulations.

The performance of the Board was evaluated after seeking

inputs from all the Directors on the basis of criteria such as

the board composition and structure, effectiveness of board

processes, information and functioning, etc. as provided by

the Guidance Note on Board Evaluation issued by SEBI.:

Managing Director & CEO

1,19,34,000

1,95,41,964

3,55,00,000

6,69,75,964

Mr. Zarir Langrana – Executive Director

66,15,000

1,14,01,383

1,42,50,000

3,22,66,383

* Commission relates to FY 2019-20, which will be paid during FY 2020-21

Non-Executive Directors

During FY 2019-20, the Company paid sitting fees of ` 30,000 per Meeting to the Non-Executive Directors for attending each Meeting

of the Board; Audit Committee and Nomination and Remuneration Committee; and ` 20,000 per Meeting for attending each:

Managing Director and CEO effective September 30, 2019

**

In line with the internal guidelines, no payment is made towards commission to Mr. S. Padmanabhan, Non-Executive Director of the

Company, who is in full-time employment with other Tata company

#

Retired as Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. August 20, 2019 upon completion of tenure

^

Appointed as Non-Executive Independent Director w.e.f. August 8, 2019

$

Appointed as Non-Executive Independent Director w.e.f. October 15, 2019

As per the practice, commission to the Directors is paid after the annual accounts are adopted by the Members at the AGM.

The Company has not granted any stock options to its Directors.

Service Contract, Severance Fees and Notice Period

Terms of Agreement

Mr. R. Mukundan,: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer; ED - Executive Director

# Appointed as a Member of the SRC w.e.f. August 8, 2019

Status of Investor Complaints

The status of Investor Complaints as on March 31, 2020 as

reported under Regulation 13(3) of the Listing Regulations is

as under:

Complaints as on April 1, 2019

1

Received during the year

28

Resolved during the year

27

Pending as on March 31, 2020

2*

* Out of the 2 unresolved complaints, 1 complaint has been closed

by SEBI on April 6, 2020. For the other complaint, the Company has

uploaded the Action Taken Report on SEBI SCORES portal.

The complaints have been resolved to the satisfaction of

the shareholders. The correspondence identified as investor

complaints are letters received through statutory/regulatory

bodies.

Name, designation and address of the Compliance Officer

Mr. Rajiv Chandan

General Counsel & Company Secretary

Tata Chemicals Limited

Bombay House, 24 Homi Mody Street

Fort, Mumbai - 400 001

Tel. No.: +91 22 6665 8282

Email: investors@tatachemicals.com

On the recommendations of the SRC, the Company has taken

various investor friendly initiatives like sending reminders to

the investors who have not claimed their dividends, assisting

and encouraging dematerialisation of shares, etc.

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, Chairperson of the SRC had expressed

her inability to attend the AGM and accordingly, the SRC

had nominated Mr. S. Padmanabhan, Member of the

SRC, to answer queries of the security holders at the last AGM

held on July 8, 2019.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer; ED - Executive Director

Chief - Safety and Chief - CSR & Sustainability were invitees to

the Meeting of the CSS Committee. The General Counsel &

Company Secretary attended the meeting.

Mr. S. Padmanabhan, Chairperson of the CSS Committee, was

present at the last AGM held on July 8, 2019.

7.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

The Corporate Social Responsibility (‘CSR’) Committee

of the Board was constituted on August 8, 2019 upon

splitting of the CSR, Safety and Sustainability Committee.

The CSR Committee has been entrusted with the specific

responsibility of reviewing corporate social responsibility

programmes. The scope of the CSR Committee also includes

approving the budget of CSR, reviewing the CSR programmes

and monitoring the CSR spends.

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the CSR Committee, inter alia, are as

under:

•

Formulate and recommend to the Board, a CSR policy

indicating the activity or activities to be undertaken by

the Company as specified in Schedule VII to the Act and

have oversight over its implementation;

•

Recommend the amount to be spent on CSR activities;

•

Review and monitor the Company’s CSR Policy

periodically and activities of the Tata Chemicals Group

on behalf of the Board to ensure that the Group is in

compliance with appropriate laws and legislations;

•

Provide guidance to management to evaluate long

term strategic proposals (including technologies

adopted) with respect to CSR implications;

•

Review periodic reports on performance of corporate

social responsibility.

The Board has adopted a charter for the CSR Committee

for its smooth functioning. The Board has also adopted the

CSR Policy as formulated and recommended by the CSR

Committee. The same is displayed on the website of the

Company at https://www.tatachemicals.com/CSRPolicy.htm.

A CSR Report giving details of the CSR activities undertaken

by the Company during the year along with the amount

spent on CSR activities forms part of the Board’s Report.

Meetings Held

During FY 2019-20, two (2) Meetings were held on the

following dates:

• October 7, 2019

• February 24, 2020

The necessary quorum was present for all the Meetings of

the Committee.

Composition and Attendance

Name of the Member

Category

No. of

Meetings

attended

Mr. S. Padmanabhan (Chairperson)

NED

2

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi

ID

2

Mr. R. Mukundan

MD & CEO

2

Mr. Zarir Langrana

ED

2

ID - Independent Director; NED - Non-Executive Director; MD & CEO -: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer; ED - Executive Director

9.

Risk Management Committee

Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations mandates top

500 listed entities based on market capitalisation as at the

end of the immediate previous financial year to constitute

a Risk Management Committee (‘RMC’) with effect from

April 1, 2019. The Company had constituted a RMC of the

Board in February 2015.

The primary role of the RMC is that of assisting the Board of

Directors in overseeing the Company’s risk management

processes and controls. RMC, through the Enterprise Risk

Management in the Company, seeks to minimise adverse

impact on the business objectives and enhance stakeholder

value. The Board has adopted a charter for the functioning

of the RMC covering the composition, meetings, quorum,

responsibilities, etc.

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the RMC, inter alia, are as under:

•

Review the Company’s risk governance structure,

risk assessment and risk management practices and

guidelines, policies and procedures for risk assessment

and risk management;

•

Review and approve the Enterprise Risk Management

(ERM) framework;

•

Review the Company’s risk appetite and strategy

relating to key risks, including market risk, cyber

security risk, product risk and reputational risk, as well

as the guidelines, policies and processes for monitoring

and mitigating such risks;

•

Oversee

Company’s

process

and

policies

for

determining risk tolerance and review management’s

measurement and comparison of overall risk tolerance

to established levels;

•

Review and analyse risk exposure related to specific

issues and provide oversight of risk across organisation;:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer; ED - Executive Director;

CFO - Chief Financial Officer

# Retired from the Company w.e.f. August 20, 2019 and accordingly

ceased to be the Chairperson and Member of the RMC

$ In the absence of a permanent Chairperson, post August 21, 2019,

Mr. S. Padmanabhan was elected as the Chairperson from meeting

to meeting

^ Appointed as a Member of the RMC w.e.f. March 26, 2020

Dr. Y. S. P. Thorat, former Chairperson of the RMC, was present

at the last AGM held on July 8, 2019.

The Company has a well-defined risk management

framework in place. The risk management framework

adopted by the Company is discussed in detail in the

Management Discussion and Analysis which forms part of

this Annual Report.

10. Scientific Advisory Board

The Board of Directors has constituted a Scientific Advisory

Board with the objective of synergising the Research &

Development (‘R&D’) initiatives at the Company’s Innovation

Centre and Reserch & Development Centres (for crop care

and seeds division) of Rallis India Limited, subsidiary of the

Company.

The Scientific Advisory Board is instrumental in providing

guidance and direction to R&D Centres and report progress

to the Board.

The Scientific Advisory Board consists of senior employees

from Tata Chemicals Limited and Rallis India Limited

with Research & Development, Science and Technology

background and is chaired by Dr. C. V. Natraj, Independent

Director of the Company. Dr. Natraj has more than 30 years of

experience in research. He has headed the Research function

as Director on the Board of Hindustan Lever Limited and later

went on to lead the Corporate Research function for unilever

as Senior Vice President, responsible for global exploratory

research. He is the Technical Advisor to the Indian Institute of

Science and serves on the Board of Rallis India Limited as an

Independent Director.

The terms of reference of the Scientific Advisory Board are as

under:

•

Alignment of the R&D Centres’ priorities to the Business

priorities;

•

Recommending the right skills and competencies

necessary for the teams;

•

Ensuring Succession Planning;

•

Ensuring that the right R&D metrics are derived from

business targets;

•

Maintaining a balance between short term and long

term projects;

•

Ensuring open innovation to support internal R&D

activities;

•

Support in creating the right infrastructure availability;

•

Creating the platform for exchange and harmonisation

of R&D activities across the 3 centres;

•

Give directions for ensuring the right balance between

inputs and outputs for the centres.

An update on the Scientific Advisory Board is given to the

Board of Directors quarterly.

11. Subsidiary Companies

Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations deﬁnes a

‘material subsidiary’ to mean a subsidiary, whose income or

net worth exceeds 10% of the consolidated income or net

worth respectively of the listed entity and its subsidiaries in

the immediately preceding accounting year.

In addition to the above, Regulation 24 of the Listing

Regulations requires that at least one Independent Director

on the Board of Directors of the listed entity shall be a Director

on the Board of Directors of an unlisted material subsidiary,

whether incorporated in India or not. For the purpose of:

Managing Director & CEO and Chief Financial

Officer hold quarterly briefs with analysts, shareholders

and major stakeholders where the Company’s performance

is discussed. The official press releases, presentation

made to the Members at the AGM, the presentation made

to the institutional investors and analysts and the

transcripts of the call with analysts for quarterly/half-yearly/

annual results are available on the Company’s website at

www.tatachemicals.com.

Letters and Reminders to Shareholders for

Unclaimed Shares/Dividends:

In addition to the statutory requirement, a voluntary

reminder for unclaimed shares/dividends is also sent to the

shareholders as per records every year.

Live Webcast of AGM

For the ease of those Members who were unable to attend

the AGM held on July 8, 2019, the Company voluntarily

provided live Webcast facility of the proceedings of the AGM

which was extensively viewed by the Members.:

Managing Director & CEO and the Chief Financial Officer

have certified to the Board in accordance with Regulation

17(8) read with Part B of Schedule II to the Listing Regulations

pertaining to CEO/CFO certification for the year ended

March 31, 2020.

Details of utilisation of funds raised through

preferential allotment or qualified institutional

placement

During FY 2010-11, the Company had issued Ordinary

Shares to Tata Sons Private Limited (formerly Tata Sons

Limited) amounting to ` 363.40 crore to fund various

growth plans and projects. These funds have been utilised

towards acquisition of the business of precipitated silica

for production of Highly Dispersible Silica at Cuddalore,

Tamil Nadu and construction of a 5,000 metric tonnes

manufacturing plant of fructooligosaccharides at Nellore,

Andhra Pradesh.:

letter, duly signed by the first/sole holder quoting

details of Folio Number.

Mandatory Requirements

The Company has complied with all the mandatory

requirements of the Listing Regulations relating to Corporate

Governance.

Non-Mandatory Requirements

The Company has complied with the following non-

mandatory requirements of the Listing Regulations relating

to Corporate Governance. The status of compliance with the

non-mandatory requirements listed in Regulation 27(1) read

with Part E of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations is as under:

•

During the year under review, there was no audit

qualification in the Company’s Financial Statements.

The Company continues to adopt best practices to

ensure regime of unmodified audit opinion.

•

The

Company

follows

a

robust

process

of

communicating with the Shareholders which has been

elaborated in the Report under the heading ‘Means of

Communication’.

•

The Internal Auditor reports to the Audit Committee.:

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO

I, R. Mukundan,: Managing

Managing director & CEo

b)

Details of the BR head:

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Details

1.

dIN (if applicable)

07478885

2.

Name

Ms. Alka Talwar

3.

designation

Chief CSR and Sustainability officer

4.

Telephone Number

022-66437530

5.

E-mail id

sustainability@tatachemicals.com;

atalwar@tatachemicals.com

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR policy/policies:

The National Voluntary guidelines on Social, Environmental

and Economic Responsibilities of Business (‘NVgs’) released

by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has adopted nine areas of

Business Responsibility. These are briefly as under:

P1

Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with

Ethics, Transparency and Accountability

P2

Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe

and contribute to sustainability throughout their life cycle

P3

Businesses should promote the well-being of all employees

P4

Businesses should respect the interests of and be

responsive towards all stakeholders, especially those who

are disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalised

P5

Businesses should respect and promote human rights

P6

Businesses should respect, protect and make efforts to

restore the environment

P7

Businesses, when engaged in influencing public and

regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible manner

P8

Businesses should support inclusive growth and equitable

development

P9

Businesses should engage with and provide value to their

customers and consumers in a responsible manner:

Managing director & CEo and Senior

Leaders to focus on these four areas. The Company’s leadership

drives the Affirmative Action agenda across the organisation

with passion and commitment.

The Company’s inter-related development interventions

are based on the framework linked to UN Sdgs and has the

following elements: building economic capital, ensuring

environmental integrity, enablers for social, economic and

environmental development and building social capital.

All social initiatives conducted under these elements

are around Company’s areas of operations. It follows an

integrated development approach to improve the quality

of life, especially in their neighbourhoods and for the

farmers. As per the need assessment, the SC/ST community

in our neighbourhood regions aspire for better education,

health care, agriculture/animal husbandry extension, better

livelihood skills and employment.

The Company’s entry level recruitments like diploma

Engineer Trainees, graduate Engineer Trainees and

Management Trainees focus on colleges with areas

dominant by SC/ST. The internal job posting initiative ‘SHINE’

is further enhanced to include referrals for candidates from

the economically and socially backward communities. In

the last year, Seamlessly Harnessing Internal Expertise+

(‘SHINE+’) was launched as a corporate initiative, which has

more reward for recruitment consultants for shortlisting of

candidates that helps improve the Company’s employee

diversity especially for gender diversity, social and

economically backward regions and communities and

for persons with disability. We have a formal policy on

diversity and Inclusion (‘d&I’) which articulates and defines

our commitment to this cause. From this year onwards,

we celebrate the month of February as diversity and

Inclusion month. during the month, sensitisation training

was conducted for the senior leadership team and various

activities were conducted across the Company like group

discussions, playshops, quizzes, d&I room, communication

through emailers, standees, placard, batches, etc. which

helped sensitising employees on d&I, unconscious bias,

inclusive behavior, etc.

Principle 5: Businesses should respect and promote

human rights

1.

Does the policy of the Company on human rights cover

only the Company or extend to the Group/Joint Ventures/

Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs/others?

The Company follows Principles of the International

declaration of Human Rights. Its policies support, respect

and protect the human rights of its direct as well as indirect

employees. The Sustainability Policy and the Tata Code of

Conduct addresses these aspects.

2.

How any stakeholder complaints have been received in

the past financial year and what percent was satisfactorily

resolved by the Management?

The Company did not receive any complaint with respect to

human rights violation.

Principle 6: Businesses should respect, protect and

make efforts to restore the environment

1.

Does the policy related to Principle 6 cover only the

Company or extends to the Group/Joint Ventures/

Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs/others?

The Company has made Supplier Sustainability guidelines to

extend the reach for capturing the sustainability aspect data

from its suppliers. The Company also works with government,

Ngos on different projects for environmental protection.

The Company’s Policies - Safety, Health & Environment (SHE),

Corporate Sustainability and Community development;

extend support to all stakeholders influencing the entire value

chain. This also helps in sustaining environmental impacts

beyond the prescribed limits and address social responsibility.

2.

Does the Company have strategies/initiatives to address

global environmental issues such as climate change,

global warming, etc.? If yes, please give hyperlink for

webpage etc.

Yes, the Company has adopted Tata group’s Climate Change

Policy which is an integral part of the Company’s strategy to

help the organisation’s growth in a carbon conscious manner.:

Managing Director and CEO

Vijay Mathur

John Mulhall

Chief Financial Officer

Partner

Membership No. 046476

Rajiv Chandan

General Counsel &

Mumbai, May 15, 2020

Company Secretary:

Managing Director and CEO

Vijay Mathur

John Mulhall

Chief Financial Officer

Partner

Membership No. 046476

Rajiv Chandan

General Counsel &

Mumbai, May 15, 2020

Company Secretary

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended March 31, 2020

` in crore

Note

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Year ended

March 31, 2019

(Restated)

I.

Revenue from operations

25

2,920.29

3,121.25

II.

Other income

26

309.15

400.32

III.

Total income (I+II)

3,229.44

3,521.57

IV.

Expenses

a)

Cost of materials consumed

541.90

566.77

b)

Purchases of stock-in-trade

94.41

101.97

c)

Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade

27

(76.41)

75.50

d)

Employee benefits expense

28

250.28

226.85

e)

Finance costs

29

43.37

86.14

f)

Depreciation and amortisation expense

30

149.50

140.34

g)

Other expenses

31

1,392.07

1,463.52

Total expenses (a to g)

2,395.12

2,661.09

V.

Profit before tax ( III - IV )

834.32

860.48

VI.

Tax expense

(a)

Current tax

33

194.37

244.73

(b)

Deferred tax

33

(31.87)

(15.06)

Total tax expense (VI (a) + VI (b))

162.50

229.67

VII.

Profit for the year from continuing operations ( V-VI)

671.82

630.81

VIII.

Profit before tax from discontinued operations

34

-

293.18

IX.

Exceptional gain from discontinued operations (net)

34

6,128.08

-

X.

Tax expense of discontinued operations

34

(40.32)

69.15

XI.

Profit for the year from discontinued operations ( VIII+IX-X)

6,168.40

224.03

XII.

Profit for the year (VII+XI)

6,840.22

854.84

XIII. Other comprehensive income (net of tax) ("OCI")

(A)

Items that will not be reclassified to the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss

-

Changes in fair value of investments in equities carried at fair value through OCI

(557.31)

268.59

-

Remeasurement of defined employee benefit plans (note 38)

(50.55)

(2.97)

(B)

Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to the Standalone Statement of

Profit and Loss

(65.42)

32.63

Total other comprehensive income (net of tax) (A-B)

(542.44)

232.99

XIV. Total comprehensive income for the year (XII + XIII)

6,297.78

1,087.83

XV.

Earnings per share for continuing operations (in `)

-

Basic and Diluted

35

26.37

24.76

XVI. Earnings per share for discontinued operations (in `)

-

Basic and Diluted

35

242.13

8.79

XVII. Earnings per share (for continuing and discontinued operations) (in `)

-

Basic and Diluted

35

268.50

33.56

Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements

1-46:

Managing Director and CEO

Vijay Mathur

John Mulhall

Chief Financial Officer

Partner

Membership No. 046476

Rajiv Chandan

General Counsel &

Mumbai, May 15, 2020

Company Secretary:

Managing Director and CEO

Vijay Mathur

John Mulhall

Chief Financial Officer

Partner

Membership No. 046476

Rajiv Chandan

General Counsel &

Mumbai, May 15, 2020

Company Secretary

Standalone Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended March 31, 2020:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer (who is the Company’s

chief operating decision maker) in deciding how to

allocate resources and in assessing performance.

The accounting policies adopted for segment

reporting are in conformity with the accounting

policies of the Company. Segment revenue,

segment expenses, segment assets and segment

liabilities have been identified to segments on

the basis of their relationship to the operating

activities of the segment. Inter segment revenue is

accounted on the basis of transactions which are

primarily determined based on market / fair value

factors. Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities

which relate to the Company as a whole and are

not allocable to segments on a reasonable basis

have been included under ‘unallocated revenue /

expenses / assets / liabilities’.

2.21

Income tax

Tax expense for the year comprises current and

deferred tax. The tax currently payable is based

on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs

from net profit as reported in the Standalone

Statement of Profit and Loss because it excludes

items of income or expense that are taxable or

deductible in other years and it further excludes

items that are never taxable or deductible. The

Company’s liability for current tax is calculated

using tax rates and tax laws that have been

enacted or substantively enacted by the end of

the reporting period.

Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are

offset when there is a legally enforceable right to

set off the recognised amounts and there is an

intention to realise the asset or to settle the liability

on a net basis.

Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or

recoverable on differences between the carrying

values of assets and liabilities in the Standalone

Financial Statements and the corresponding tax

bases used in the computation of taxable profit

and is accounted for using the Standalone Balance

Sheet method. Deferred tax liabilities are generally

recognised for all taxable temporary differences

arising between the tax base of assets and

liabilities and their carrying amount, except when

the deferred income tax arises from the initial

recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction

that is not a business combination and affects

neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss at

the time of the transaction. In contrast, deferred

tax assets are only recognised to the extent that

it is probable that future taxable profits will be

available against which the temporary differences

can be utilised.

The carrying value of deferred tax assets is

reviewed at the end of each reporting period and

reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable

that sufficient taxable profits will be available to

allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are

expected to apply in the period when the liability

is settled or the asset is realised based on the

tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or

substantially enacted by the end of the reporting

period. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities

and assets reflects the tax consequences that

would follow from the manner in which the

Company expects, at the end of the reporting

period, to cover or settle the carrying value of its

assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset to the

extent that they relate to taxes levied by the same

tax authority and there are legally enforceable

rights to set off current tax assets and current tax

liabilities within that jurisdiction.

Current and deferred tax are recognised as an

expense or income in the Standalone Statement

of Profit and Loss, except when they relate to items

credited or debited either in other comprehensive:

Managing Director/

Executive Director or five years of continuous service as: Managing

letter of credit - as and where

considered necessary, setting appropriate credit terms and by setting and monitoring internal limits on exposure to individual customers.:

Managing Director and CEO

4

Tata Chemicals North America Inc., united States of America

2.

Mr. Zarir Langrana, Executive Director

5

General Chemical International Inc., united States of America

Promoter Group

6

NHO Canada Holdings Inc., united States of America

1.

Tata Sons Private Ltd. India

7

Tata Chemicals (Soda Ash) Partners (TCSAP), united States of America ** List of subsidiaries and joint ventures of Tata Sons Private Ltd. @@

8

Tata Chemicals (Soda Ash) Partners Holdings(TCSAPH), united States of

America **

1.

TATA AIG General Insurance Company Limited

9

TCSAP LLC,united States of America

2.

Tata Autocomp Systems Limited

10

Homefield Pvt uK Limited, united Kingdom

3.

Tata International Limited

11

TCE Group Limited (formerly known as Homefield 2 uK Limited)

4.

Tata Consultancy Services Limited

12

Tata Chemicals Africa Holdings Limited, united Kingdom

5.

TATA AIA Life Insurance Company Limited

13

Natrium Holdings Limited (formerly known as Tata Chemicals Europe

Holdings Limited)

6.

Tata Consulting Engineers Limited

14

Tata Chemicals Europe Limited, united Kingdom

7.

Infiniti Retail Limited

15

Winnington CHP Limited,united Kingdom

8.

TASEC Limited (formely TAS-AGT Systems Limited)

16

Brunner Mond Group Limited, united Kingdom

9.

Tata Teleservices Limited

17

Tata Chemicals Magadi Limited, united Kingdom

10.

Ecofirst Services Limited

18

Northwich Resource Management Limited, united Kingdom

11.

Tata Realty and Infrastructure Limited

19

Gusiute Holdings (uK) Limited, united Kingdom

12.

Tata Investment Corporation Limited

20

TCNA (uK) Limited, united Kingdom

13.

Ewart Investments Limited

21

British Salt Limited, united Kingdom

14.

Simto Investment Company Limited

22

Cheshire Salt Holdings Limited, united Kingdom

15.

Tata Autocomp Hendrickson Suspensions Private Limited

23

Cheshire Salt Limited, united Kingdom

16.

Tata SmartFoodz Limited

24

Brinefield Storage Limited, united Kingdom

17.

Tata SIA Airlines Limited

25

Cheshire Cavity Storage 2 Limited, united Kingdom

18.

Tata Communications Limited

26

Cheshire Compressor Limited, united Kingdom

19.

Tata Communications Collaboration Services Private Limited

27

Irish Feeds Limited,united Kingdom

20.

Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) Limited

28

New Cheshire Salt Works Limited, united Kingdom

21.

Tata Digital Ltd.

29

Tata Chemicals (South Africa) Proprietary Limited, South Africa

22.

Tata International Singapore PTE Ltd

30

Magadi Railway Company Limited, Kenya

23.

Tata Elxsi Limited

31

Alcad, united States of America **

24.

Carbon Disclosure Project India

Joint Ventures

@@ The above list includes the Companies with whom the

Company has entered into the transactions during the course of

the year.

** a general partnership formed under the laws of the State of

Delaware (uSA).

Direct

1.

Indo Maroc Phosphore S.A., Morocco

2.

Tata Industries Limited

Indirect

1.

The Block Salt Company Limited, united Kingdom

(Holding by New Cheshire Salt Works Limited)

2.

JOil (S) Pte. Ltd and its subsidiaries

(Holding by Tata Chemicals International Pte. Limited):

Managing Director and Whole-time

Director.

4.

* value below ` 50,000

The figures in light print are for previous year:

Managing Director and CEO

Vijay Mathur

John Mulhall

Chief Financial Officer

Partner

Membership No. 046476

Rajiv Chandan

General Counsel &

Mumbai, May 15, 2020

Company Secretary:

Managing director and Ceo

Vijay Mathur

John Mulhall

Chief Financial officer

partner

Membership no. 046476

Rajiv Chandan

general Counsel &

Mumbai, May 15, 2020

Company Secretary:

Managing director and Ceo

Vijay Mathur

John Mulhall

Chief Financial officer

partner

Membership no. 046476

Rajiv Chandan

general Counsel &

Mumbai, May 15, 2020

Company Secretary

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended March 31, 2020

` in crore

Note

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Year ended

March 31, 2019

(Restated)

I.

revenue from operations

27

10,356.75

10,336.72

II.

other income

28

311.12

409.46

III.

Total income (I+II)

10,667.87

10,746.18

IV.

Expenses

a) Cost of materials consumed

1,844.23

1,773.73

b) purchases of stock-in-trade

252.44

244.39

c) Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade

29

(128.27)

(16.13)

d) employee benefits expense

30

1,375.37

1,318.49

e) Finance costs

31

341.91

353.70

f) depreciation and amortisation expense

32

666.47

568.50

g) other expenses

33

5,063.81

5,235.78

Total expenses (a to g)

9,415.96

9,478.46

V.

Profit before exceptional items, share of profit of joint ventures and tax (III-IV)

1,251.91

1,267.72

VI.

exceptional gain (net)

34

-

70.33

VII.

Profit after exceptional items, before share of profit of joint ventures and tax (V+VI)

1,251.91

1,338.05

VIII.

Share of (loss)/profit of joint ventures (net of tax)

9(a)

(3.85)

99.21

IX.

Profit before tax (VII+VIII)

1,248.06

1,437.26

X.

Tax expense

(a) Current tax

35

266.33

308.61

(b) deferred tax

35

(46.68)

(34.17)

Total tax expense (a+b)

219.65

274.44

XI.

Profit for the year from continuing operations (IX-X)

1,028.41

1,162.82

XII.

profit before tax from discontinued operations

36

-

293.18

XIII.

exceptional gain from discontinued operations (net)

36

6,128.08

-

XIV.

Share of profit of joint ventures (net of tax)

9(a), 36

31.34

-

XV.

tax expense of discontinued operations

36

(40.32)

69.15

XVI.

Profit for the year from discontinued operations (XII+XIII+XIV-XV)

6,199.74

224.03

XVII. Profit for the year (XI+XVI)

7,228.15

1,386.85

XVIII. Other comprehensive income (net of tax) (‘OCI’)

a

(i) Items that will not be reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of profit and loss

-

Changes in fair value of investments in equities carried at fair value through oCI

(579.88)

267.18

-

remeasurement of defined employee benefit plans (note 40)

(68.58)

88.53

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of profit and loss

(95.79)

35.72

(iii) Share of other comprehensive income in joint ventures (net of tax)

(76.39)

-

B

(i) Items that will be reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of profit and loss

-

effective portion of gain/(loss) on cash flow hedges

(230.77)

(68.54)

-

Changes in foreign currency translation reserve

439.14

336.39

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of profit and loss

(4.20)

1.71

(iii) Share of other comprehensive income in joint ventures (net of tax)

10.19

-

Total other comprehensive income (net of tax) (A (i-ii+iii) +B (i-ii+iii))

(406.30)

586.13

XIX.

Total comprehensive income for the year (XVII+XVIII)

6,821.85

1,972.98

XX.

Profit for the year from continuing operations (XI)

Attributable to:

(i) equity shareholders of the Company

806.59

931.88

(ii) non-controlling interests

221.82

230.94

1,028.41

1,162.82

XXI.

Profit for the year from discontinued operations (XVI)

Attributable to:

(i) equity shareholders of the Company

6,199.74

224.03

(ii) non-controlling interests

-

-

6,199.74

224.03

XXII. Profit for the year (XVII)

Attributable to:

(i) equity shareholders of the Company

7,006.33

1,155.91

(ii) non-controlling interests

221.82

230.94

7,228.15

1,386.85

XXIII. Other comprehensive income (net of tax) (XVIII)

Attributable to:

(i) equity shareholders of the Company

(456.88)

453.40

(ii) non-controlling interests

50.58

132.73

(406.30)

586.13

XXIV. Total comprehensive income for the year (XIX)

Attributable to:

(i) equity shareholders of the Company

6,549.45

1,609.31

(ii) non-controlling interests

272.40

363.67

6,821.85

1,972.98

XXV. Earnings per share for continuing operations (in `)

-

Basic and diluted

37

31.66

36.59

XXVI. Earnings per share for discontinued operations (in `)

-

Basic and diluted

37

243.36

8.79

XXVII. Earnings per share for continuing and discontinued operations (in `)

-

Basic and diluted

37

275.02

45.38

notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

1-49:

Managing director and Ceo

Vijay Mathur

John Mulhall

Chief Financial officer

partner

Membership no. 046476

Rajiv Chandan

general Counsel &

Mumbai, May 15, 2020

Company Secretary:

Managing director and Ceo

Vijay Mathur

John Mulhall

Chief Financial officer

partner

Membership no. 046476

Rajiv Chandan

general Counsel &

Mumbai, May 15, 2020

Company Secretary

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended March 31, 2020:

Managing director and Chief executive officer (who

is the group’s chief operating decision maker) in deciding

how to allocate resources and in assessing performance.

the accounting policies adopted for segment reporting are

in conformity with the accounting policies of the group.

Segment revenue, segment expenses, segment assets and

segment liabilities have been identified to segments on

the basis of their relationship to the operating activities of

the segment. Inter segment revenue is accounted on the

basis of transactions which are primarily determined based

on market / fair value factors. revenue, expenses, assets

and liabilities which relate to the group as a whole and:

Managing director/

executive director or five years of continuous service as: Managing director/executive director. the directors are entitled upto

seventy five percent of last drawn salary for life and on death 50% of the pension is payable to the spouse for the rest of his/her life.

domestic subsidiaries also include a supplemental pay scheme (a life long pension), an unfunded scheme, covering certain executives.

Family benefit scheme is applicable to all permanent employees in management, officers and workmen who have completed one

year of continuous service. Incase, of untimely death of the employee, the nominated beneficiary is entitled to an amount equal to

the last drawn salary (Basic Salary, da and Fda) till the normal retirement date of the deceased employee.

the most recent actuarial valuations of plan assets and the present values of the defined benefit obligations were carried out at

March 31, 2020. the present value of the defined benefit obligations and the related current service cost and past service cost, were

measured using the projected unit Credit Method.

(B) In respect of overseas subsidiaries, the liabilities for employee benefits are determined and accounted as per

the regulations and principles followed in the respective countries.

(i)

UK and Kenyan subsidiaries

the Homefield uK private limited - group operates defined contribution schemes, under which costs of ` 13.84 crore

(2019: ` 13.90 crore) are charged to the Consolidated Statement of profit and loss on the basis of contributions payable.

the group also operates defined benefit schemes, the assets of which are held in separate trustee administered funds.

Defined benefit scheme - Tata Chemicals Europe Limited (‘TCEL’)

tCel operates defined benefit pension arrangements in the uK, which were available to substantially all employees but are

now closed to new members and closed for further accruals from May 31, 2016.

the scheme is funded by the payment of contributions to a separately administered trust fund. the fund is valued every three

years using the projected unit method by an independent, professionally qualified actuary. the trustees of the fund set the

letter of credit - as and

where considered necessary, setting appropriate payment terms and credit period, and by setting and monitoring internal limits on

exposure to individual customers.

as the revenue and trade receivables from any of the single customer do not exceed 10% of group revenue, there is no substantial

concentration of credit risk.

For certain other receivables, where recoveries are expected beyond twelve months of the Balance Sheet date, the time value of

money is appropriately considered in determining the carrying amount of such receivables.

Financial instruments and cash deposits

Credit risk from balances/investments with banks and financial institutions is managed in accordance with the risk management

policy. Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved counterparties and within limits assigned to each counterparty.

the limits are assigned based on corpus of investable surplus and corpus of the investment avenue. the limits are set to minimise the

concentration of risks and therefore mitigate financial loss through counterparty’s potential failure to make payments.

Liquidity risk

liquidity risk is the risk that the group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. the objective of

liquidity risk management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use as per requirements.

the risk Management policy includes an appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the group’s

short-term, medium-term and long term funding and liquidity management requirements. the group manages the liquidity risk by

maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities and reserve borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual

cash flows, and by matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities. the group invests its surplus funds in bank fixed

deposit and liquid schemes of mutual funds, which carry no/negligible mark to market risks.:

Managing director and Ceo

Mr. Zarir langrana, executive director

Promoter Group

tata Sons private limited, India

Other Related Parties @

tata aIg general Insurance Company limited

tata Communications Collaboration Services private limited

tata autocomp Systems limited

tata teleservices (Maharashtra) limited

tata International limited

tata digital ltd.

tata Consultancy Services limited

tata International Singapore pte ltd

tata aIa life Insurance Company limited

tata elxsi limited

tata Consulting engineers limited

tata Chemicals ltd provident Fund

Infiniti retail limited

tata Chemicals ltd emp pension Fund

taSeC limited (formely taS-agt Systems limited)

tata Chemicals Superannuation Fund

tata teleservices limited

tata Chemicals employees gratuity trust

ecofirst Services limited

tCl employees gratuity Fund

tata realty and Infrastructure limited

rallis India limited Management Staff gratuity Fund

tata Investment Corporation limited

Carbon disclosure project India

ewart Investments limited

tata autocomp Hendrickson Suspensions private limited

tata SmartFoodz limited

tata SIa airlines limited

tata Communications limited

@ the above list includes the Companies with whom tata Chemicals limited has entered into the transactions during the course of the year.:

Managing director and Whole-time director.:

Managing director and Ceo

Vijay Mathur

John Mulhall

Chief Financial officer

partner

Membership no. 046476

Rajiv Chandan

general Counsel &

Mumbai, May 15, 2020

Company Secretary

Sr.

No.

Name of the Company

Net Assets i.e. total assets

minus total liabilities

Share in Profit or Loss

Share in other

comprehensive income

Share in total

comprehensive income

As % of

consolidated

net assets

` in crore

As % of

consolidated

profit or loss

` in

crore

As % of

consolidated

other

comprehensive

income

` in

crore

As % of

consolidated

total

comprehensive

income

` in

crore

a)

Non-controlling Interests

Indian Subsidiaries

rallis India limited

(763.08)

(91.11)

0.94

(90.17)

Foreign Subsidiaries

tCSap Holdings

-

(131.87)

(51.52)

(183.39)

pt. Metahelix lifesciences Indonesia

(0.69)

1.16

-

1.16

(763.77)

(221.82)

(50.58)

(272.40)

b)

Joint Ventures

(Investment as per the Equity

method)

Joil (S) pte. ltd. and its subsidiaries

-

-

-

-

the Block Salt Company limited

2.27

(0.53)

-

(0.53)

Indo Maroc phosphore S.a.

336.07

5.97

-

5.97

tata Industries ltd. (w.e.f. 27 March,

2019)

431.97

22.05

(66.20)

(44.15)

770.31

27.49

(66.20)

(38.71)

c)

Adjustments arising out of

Consolidation

(19,002.51)

(778.22)

257.28

(520.94)

Consolidated

12,897.66

7,006.33

(456.88)

6,549.45

* value below ` 50,000/-

** percentage (%) below 0.005/(0.005)

49. Approval of Consolidated Financial Statements

these Consolidated Financial Statements were approved for issue by the Board of directors on May 15, 2020.

Signatures to notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements 1 - 49:

Managing director and Ceo

John Mulhall

Chief Financial officer

Rajiv Chandan

general Counsel &

Mumbai, May 15, 2020

Company Secretary:

letter mentioning their name,

folio number, complete address and following

details relating to bank account in which the

dividend is to be received:

i)

name and Branch of Bank and Bank account

type;

ii)

Bank account number & type allotted by

the Bank after implementation of Core

Banking Solutions;

iii)

11 digit IFSC Code.

b.

self-attested scanned copy of cancelled cheque

bearing the name of the Member or first holder,

in case shares are held jointly;

c.

self-attested scanned copy of the pan Card; and

d.

self-attested scanned copy of any document

(such as aadhaar Card, driving licence, election

Identity Card, passport) in support of the address

of the Member as registered with the Company.

Shares held in electronic form: Members may

please note that their bank details as furnished by

the respective depositories to the Company will be

considered for remittance of dividend as per the

applicable regulations of the depositories and the

Company will not entertain any direct request from

such Members for change/addition/deletion in such

bank details. accordingly, the Members holding shares

in demat form are requested to update their electronic

Bank Mandate with their respective dps.

Further, please note that instructions, if any, already

given by Members in respect of shares held in physical

form, will not be automatically applicable to the

dividend paid on shares held in electronic form.

iv.

the Members who are unable to receive the

dividend directly in their bank accounts through

electronic Clearing Service or any other means, due to

non-registration of the electronic Bank Mandate,

the Company shall despatch the dividend warrant/

Bankers’ cheque/demand draft to such Members, upon

normalisation of postal services and other activities.

9.

as per regulation 40 of the listing regulations, as

amended, securities of listed companies can be

transferred only in dematerialised form with effect

from april 1, 2019, except in case of request received

for transmission or transposition of securities. In

view of this and to eliminate all risks associated with

physical shares and for ease of portfolio management,

Members holding shares in physical form are requested

to consider converting their holdings to dematerialised

form. Members can contact the Company’s registrar

and transfer agent, tSr darashaw Consultants private

limited (‘registrar’ or ‘tSr’) at csg-unit@tsrdarashaw.com

for assistance in this regard. Members may also refer to:

letter for appointment

of the Independent director setting out the terms and conditions

of his appointment will be available for inspection by the Members.

Members who wish to inspect the same can send a request to the

e-mail address mentioned in the notes to the notice.

dr. C. V. natraj, aged 66 years, holds a ph.d. degree in Chemistry from

the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore. He also has post-doctoral

research experience in Biochemistry from the university of Michigan,

ann arbor. He has more than 30 years of experience in research. He

headed the research function as director on the Board of Hindustan

lever limited and later went on to lead the Corporate research

function for unilever as Senior Vice president. He is also the technical

advisor to the Indian Institute of Science.

a brief profile of dr. natraj, including details of current directorships

and remuneration paid/payable forms part of this notice. In

compliance with the provisions of Section 149 read with Schedule

IV of the act, regulation 17 of the listing regulations and other

applicable regulations, the appointment of dr. natraj as an

Independent director for five consecutive years commencing from

august 8, 2019 is now placed for the approval of the Members by an

ordinary resolution.

dr. natraj would be entitled to sitting fees for attending the

Meetings of the Board of directors and Committees thereof where

he is a Member. In addition, he would be entitled to commission

as determined each year by the Board of directors within the limits

approved by the Members of the Company for the non-executive

directors of the Company.

the Board commends the ordinary resolution set out in Item no. 5

of the accompanying notice for approval of the Members. this

item being special business, is unavoidable in nature. except

dr. natraj, none of the directors or Key Managerial personnel (KMp)

of the Company and their respective relatives are concerned or

interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item

no. 5 of the accompanying notice. dr. natraj is not related to any

other director or KMp of the Company.

Item No. 6

the Board had, based on the recommendations of the nomination

and remuneration Committee (‘nrC’), appointed Mr. K. B. S. anand

(dIn: 03518282) as an additional director of the Company with

effect from october 15, 2019. In terms of Section 161(1) of the act,

Mr. anand holds office upto the date of this agM and is eligible for

appointment as a director. the Company has received a notice from

a Member in writing under Section 160(1) of the act proposing his

candidature for the office of director.

Based on the recommendations of the nrC and subject to the

approval of the Members, Mr. anand was also appointed as an

Independent director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation,

for a period of 5 years commencing from october 15, 2019 to

october 14, 2024, in accordance with the provisions of Section 149

read with Schedule IV of the act.

Mr. anand has consented to act as director of the Company and

has given his declaration to the Board that he meets the criteria

for independence as provided under Section 149(6) of the act and

regulation 16(1)(b) of the listing regulations. In terms of regulation

25(8) of the listing regulations, Mr. anand has confirmed that he:

letter for appointment

of the Independent director setting out the terms and conditions

of his appointment will be available for inspection by the Members.

Members who wish to inspect the same can send a request to the

e-mail address mentioned in the notes to the notice.

Mr. anand, aged 64 years, is a Mechanical engineer from the

Indian Institute of technology, Bombay having passed out in the

year 1977 and then completed his post graduate diploma in

Business Management from the Indian Institute of Management,

Kolkata in the year 1979 having specialisation in Marketing.

Mr. anand joined asian paints limited in the year 1979 and worked

in the Sales and Marketing function of the architectural Coating

and Chemical business, Industrial products manufacturing. He

was made the head of the decoratives Business in 2009 and: Managing director & Ceo of asian paints limited effective

april 1, 2012. He superannuated as the Managing director & Ceo of

asian paints limited on March 31, 2020. He also serves on the Boards

of Marico limited and Borosil glass Works limited.

a brief profile of Mr. anand, including details of current directorships

and remuneration paid/payable forms part of this notice. In

compliance with the provisions of Section 149 read with Schedule

IV of the act, regulation 17 of the listing regulations and other

applicable regulations, the appointment of Mr. anand as an

Independent director for five consecutive years commencing from

october 15, 2019 is now placed for the approval of the Members by

an ordinary resolution.

Mr. anand would be entitled to sitting fees for attending the

Meetings of the Board of directors and Committees thereof where

he is a Member. In addition, he would be entitled to commission

as determined each year by the Board of directors within the limits

approved by the Members of the Company for the non-executive

directors of the Company.

the Board commends the ordinary resolution set out in Item

no. 6 of the accompanying notice for approval of the Members.

this item being special business, is unavoidable in nature. except

Mr. anand, none of the directors or Key Managerial personnel (KMp)

of the Company and their respective relatives are concerned or

interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item

no. 6 of the accompanying notice. Mr. anand is not related to any

other director or KMp of the Company.

Item No. 7

the Company is directed under the provisions of Section 148 of the

act read with the Companies (Cost records and audit) rules, 2014,

as amended from time to time, to have the audit of its cost records

conducted by a Cost accountant. Further, in accordance with the

provisions of Section 148 of the act read with the Companies (audit

and auditors) rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost

auditors has to be ratified by the Members of the Company.

the Board of directors, on the recommendation of the audit

Committee, has approved the appointment of d. C. dave & Co.,

Cost accountants, as the Cost auditors to conduct the audit of

the cost records of the Company for the Financial Year ending

March 31, 2021 at a remuneration of ` 7,50,000 plus applicable taxes,

travel and out-of-pocket expenses.

accordingly, consent of the Members is sought by way of an

ordinary resolution as set out at Item no. 7 of the accompanying

notice for ratification of the remuneration amounting to ` 7,50,000

plus applicable taxes, travel and out-of-pocket expenses payable to

the Cost auditors for the Financial Year ending March 31, 2021.

In view of complying with the requirement of Section 148 of the

act and the rules thereunder, the appointment of Cost auditor for

FY 2020-21, being a special business is unavoidable in nature. the

Board accordingly commends the ordinary resolution set out

at Item no. 7 of the accompanying notice for the approval of the

Members.

none of the directors or KMp of the Company and their respective

relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the

resolution at Item no. 7 of the accompanying notice.

By Order of the Board of

Managing Director & CEO)

Dr. C. V. Natraj

(Non-Executive Independent

Director)

Mr. K. B. S. Anand

(Non-Executive Independent

Director)

DIN

00778253

07132764

03518282

Date of Birth

September 19, 1966

July 31, 1953

august 30, 1955

Age

53 years

66 years

64 years

Date of first

appointment

november 26, 2008

august 8, 2019

october 15, 2019

Qualifications

Be (electrical engineering) from

IIt, roorkee; MBa from FMS,

delhi

university;

advanced

Management

programme

at

Harvard Business School.

ph.d. degree in Chemistry from

the Indian Institute of Science,

Bangalore; post-doctoral research

experience in Biochemistry from

the university of Michigan, ann

arbor.

Mechanical engineer from the Indian

Institute of technology, Bombay;

post graduate diploma in Business

Management

from

the

Indian

Institute of Management, Kolkata.

Expertise in specific

functional areas

Mr.

r.

Mukundan

has

wide

experience in the field of strategy,

business development, corporate

quality, planning, manufacturing

and general management.

dr. natraj has more than 30 years

of experience in research. He

headed the research function as

director on the Board of Hindustan

lever limited and later went on

to lead the Corporate research

function for unilever as Senior Vice

president. He is also the technical

advisor to the Indian Institute of

Science.

Mr. anand joined asian paints

limited in the year 1979 and has

worked in the Sales and Marketing

function

of

the

architectural

Coating and Chemical business,

Industrial products manufacturing.

He was made the head of the

decoratives Business in 2009 and: Managing director & Ceo of asian

paints limited effective april 1, 2012.

He superannuated as the Managing

director & Ceo of asian paints

limited on March 31, 2020.

Terms and

conditions of

appointment or

re-appointment

n.a.

appointed for a period of 5 years

from august 8, 2019 to

august 7, 2024

appointed for a period of 5 years

from october 15, 2019 to

october 14, 2024

Details of

remuneration last

drawn#

(FY 2019-20)

` 6,69,75,964

Sitting Fees: ` 4,10,000

Commission: ` 30,00,000

Sitting Fees: ` 1,70,000

Commission: ` 10,00,000

Managing Director & CEO)

Dr. C. V. Natraj

(Non-Executive Independent

Director)

Mr. K. B. S. Anand

(Non-Executive Independent

Director)

Membership/

Chairpersonship

of Committees in

other public limited

companies

1.

Rallis India Limited

-

audit Committee (Member)

-

Stakeholders relationship

Committee (Member)

-

nomination and

remuneration Committee

(Member)

-

CSr Committee

(Chairperson)

-

Safety, Health, environment

and Sustainability

Committee (Member)

2.

Tata International Limited

-

Corporate Social

responsibility Committee

(Member)

-

nomination and

remuneration Committee

(Member)

-

Committee of directors

(Member)

Rallis India Limited

-

audit Committee (Member)

-

nomination and

remuneration Committee

(Chairperson)

-

risk Management

Committee (Chairperson)

-

Safety, Health, environment

and Sustainability

Committee (Chairperson)

Marico Limited

-

nomination and

remuneration Committee

(Member)

No. of Board

Meetings attended

during the year

9

6

5

Relationship with

other Directors and

KMPs

none

none

none

No. of shares held:

(a) Own

(b) For other

persons on a

beneficial basis

500

-

209

-

-

-

* Listed Entities (including entities whose debt is listed on a Stock Exchange)

# Commission is for FY 2019-20, which will be paid during FY 2020-21:

Managing Director (MD)

Master of Business Administration (MBA)

Memorandum of Understanding (MoU)

Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A)

Metric Tonne (MT)

Million Metric Tonne (MMT)

Nano Zinc Oxide (nZnO)

Ncourage Social Enterprise Foundation (NSEF)

New Product Development (NPD)

Nitrogen Oxide (NOx)

Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO)

National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC)

Occupational Health & Safety (OHS)

Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series (OHSAS)

Okhai Centre for Empowerment (Okhai)

Operational Health and Safety (OHS)

Ordinary Portland Cement (OPC)

Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM)

Passenger Car Radial (PCR)

Plant Variety Protection (PVP)

Portland Pozzolana Cement (PPC)

Protection of Plant Varieties & Farmers' Rights Authority (PPV & FRA)

Profit After Tax (PAT)

Profit Before Tax (PBT)

Rallis Innovation Chemistry Hub (RICH)

Research & Development (R&D)

Return on Capital Employed (ROCE)

Stage and Gate (S&G)

Safety Health and Environment (SHE)

Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)

Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM)

Seamlessly Harnessing Internal Expertise (SHINE+)

Speicial Investment Region (SIR)

Specialty Chemical Products (SCP)

Suspended Particulate Matter (SPM)

Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs)

Stop & Think Assessment (STOP)

Sodium Triphosphate (STPP)

Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats (SWOT)

Sulfur Oxide (SOx)

Sulphur Dioxide (SO2)

Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)

Systems, Applications and Products in Data Processing (SAP)

Tata Business Excellence Group (TBExG)

Tata Chemicals Europe (TCE)

Tata Chemicals International Pte. ltd. (TCIPl)

Tata Chemicals limited (TCl)

Tata Chemicals Magadi (TCM)

Tata Chemicals North America (TCNA)

Tata Chemicals Society for Rural Development (TCSRD)

Tata Chemicals South Africa (TCSA)

Tata Chemicals Magadi limited (TCMl)

Tata Chemicals Soda Ash Partners Holdings (TCSAP)

Terajoule (TJ)

Tonnes per annum (TPA)

Tonnes per month (TPM)

Total Recordable Injury (TRI)

Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)

Truck & Bus Radial (TBR)

Turnover Index (ITI)

Ultraviolet (UV)

United Nations (UN)

United States Dollar (USD)

Variable Frequency Drive (VFD)

Virtual Private Network (VPN)

Work Safe Online (WSO)

World Health Organisation (WHO):

