Dear Shareholders,

The past couple of years have been one of the most

challenging and uncertain times experienced across

the globe. As we continue to emerge out of this phase,

I hope all of you and your loved ones continue to be safe

and well.

The Government led by the Hon’ble Prime Minister

Shri Narendra Modi ji, rose to the occasion by

successfully rolling out one of the biggest vaccination

drives across the globe and proactive economic policies

which continue to steer the Indian economy towards a

strong recovery.

Housing segment continues to witness strong demand

well supported by tailwinds from the fundamental

demand drivers. Structural recovery in housing demand

should continue with sustained demand momentum

led by increasing urbanisation, improving affordability,

positive consumer sentiments and growing aspirational

needs. Consolidation amongst larger and credible

brands continues to be a key trend in the housing

segment, primarily driven by increasing consumer

confidence towards such brands, significantly improved

balance sheets and strong ability to provide high quality,

safe and sustainable ecosystems.

India’s attractiveness as a competitive services market

coupled with strong hiring trends by the technology

sector and global captives should continue to lead

growth across the office segment. Retail business

exhibited strong rebound during the fiscal with marked

improvement in the footfalls and consumption across

the portfolio supported by strong recovery in the luxury

segment and growth of international brands.

I am happy to inform you that, despite the hardships

faced in the recent past, your Company exhibited strong

resilience during this challenging phase and has come

out even stronger, delivering a strong performance

across all key parameters during the fiscal. In FY22,

we recorded one of the highest new sales bookings in

the last decade across our development business. We

continue to put greater emphasis on free cash flow

generation and consequently we were able to achieve

significant debt reduction during the fiscal.

Our new products continue to receive encouraging

response from the market. Enthused by the growing

demand coupled with sustained tailwinds supporting

the housing demand, we remain committed and

focused on scaling up our business by continuously

bringing newer and diversified offerings to the market.

Our rental business withstood this challenging phase and

is now steadily recovering to normalcy. We continue to

maintain a positive outlook towards the rental business

and consequently are judicially deploying capital to

further strengthen and grow the office portfolio by

developing safe and sustainable workplaces across

geographies including Gurugram, Chennai and Noida.

Given the recovery across the retail segment and

consumption trends in our country, we have also initiated

development of the next line of retail destinations across

multiple geographies. We hope to double our retail

presence in the next 4-5 years with these additions.

We recognise that it is imperative to create an agile,

professional and diversified organisation to deliver

consistent and profitable growth. We have significantly

stepped up our organisational capabilities in the last few

years to ensure our human capital is aligned with the

business growth. We have reinvigorated our leadership

teams and ensured that a talented workforce is in place

to support them. In alignment with our growth plans, we

have further strengthened our project management and

sales teams to ensure strong execution and scaling up

across our business. We have also enhanced our digital

capabilities by upgrading our ERP and we believe this

digital transformation will lead to operational excellence

and enhanced analytics to further improve decision

making.

On the backdrop of a robust performance across

both businesses, healthy cash flow generation and

our commitment to enhance shareholders value, the

Board has recommended a higher dividend pay-out for

this fiscal for your approval. We remain focused and

committed towards enhancing shareholder value.

We continue to do business responsibly and strive to

create safe and sustainable ecosystems. Community

development remains the core of what we do. We

continue to nurture relationships with the communities

that we operate in and strive to enhance their quality of

life through various CSR initiatives, job openings, social,

environmental and economic recovery. As a testament

to our ESG initiatives, we were, for the second year

consecutively, included in the Dow Jones Sustainability

Indices in the emerging markets category. We are

the only real estate company from the country to be

a constituent in this index. GRESB, a global standard

for ESG benchmarking and reporting for real and

infrastructure assets, awarded a 5-star rating and

overall regional sector leader demonstrating our history

of strong governance and focused initiatives for the

betterment of the society.

I would like to express my sincere gratitude to my fellow

Board members for their continued guidance, all our

employees for their unrelenting commitment and our

stakeholders for their unflinching support during these

challenging times.

While macro factors such as inflationary pressures,

geopolitical tensions and rising interest rates pose new

challenges, your Company is well poised to not only

withstand such temporary dislocations but to deliver

consistent and profitable growth. Our healthy balance

sheet, diversified product offerings and strong cash flow

generation provides an opportunity to further leverage

this upcycle.

With best wishes,

Sincerely,

Rajiv Singh

Chairman:

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral

part of this report.

(ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

During the audit period, the Company has complied

with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations,

Guidelines, Standards, etc. as mentioned above.

I further report that the Board of Directors of the

Company is duly constituted with proper balance

of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and

Independent Directors including the Woman Director.

The changes in the composition of the Board of

Directors that took place during the audit period were

carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.

Adequate notices were given to all Directors to

schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed

notes on agenda were sent in advance of the meetings

and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further

information and clarifications on the agenda items

before the meeting and for meaningful participation at

the meeting.

All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee

Meetings were carried out unanimously as recorded in

the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors

ANNEXURE TO THE SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

To

The Members

DLF Limited

Shopping Mall, 3rd Floor

Arjun Marg, Phase-I, DLF City

Gurugram - 122002, Haryana

My report of even date is to be read along with this: letter:

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on those

secretarial records based on my audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents

of the secretarial records. The verification was

done on test-check basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in the secretarial records. I

believe that the process and practices, I followed

provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3. I

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of the financial records and

books of accounts of the Company.

4. Wherever required, I have obtained Management

Representation about the compliance of laws, rules

and regulations and happening of events, etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of the management.

My examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test-check basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an

assurance as to future viability of the Company

nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

Dr. K.R. Chandratre

Pune

FCS No.: 1370, C. P. No.: 5144

17 May 2022

UDIN: F001370D000336518

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1206/2021

letter,

debarment, etc.

Observations/

remarks of the

Practicing Company

Secretary, if any.

Not Applicable

d)

The listed entity has taken the following actions

to comply with the observations made in previous

reports:

Sr.

No.

Observations of

the Practicing

Company

Secretary in the

previous reports

Observations

made in the

secretarial

compliance report

for the year ended

31 March 2021.

Actions

taken by

the listed

entity, if

any

Comments of

the Practicing

Company

Secretary on the

actions taken by

the listed entity

Not Applicable

I further report that the Company appointed statutory

auditor in its Annual General Meeting held on

29 September 2017 and there was no event of

resignation of the statutory auditors of the Company

during the review period and the Company has not

modified the terms of appointment of its existing

auditor. In this regard, I report that the Company has

complied with Para 6(A) and 6(B) of Circular No. CIR/

CFD/CMD1/114/2019 dated 18 October 2019.

Dr. K.R. Chandratre

Pune

FCS No.: 1370, C.P. No.: 5144

17 May 2022

UDIN: F001370D000336573

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1206/2021:

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral

part of this report.

ii.

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations

and

Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

During the Audit Period, the Company has complied

with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations,

Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above, to the

extent applicable.

I further report that

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly

constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors,

Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors

including Women Directors. The changes in the

composition of the Board of Directors that took place

during the period under review were carried out in

compliance with the provisions of the Act.

Adequate notice is given to all Directors to schedule

the Board and/ or Committees’ Meetings, agenda and

detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days

in advance other than those meetings which were held

on shorter notice in compliance with the provisions of

the Act read with Secretarial Standard-1 and a system

exists for seeking and obtaining further information and

clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting

and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

All decisions at Board Meetings and Committees’

Meetings were carried out with requisite majority as

recorded in the minutes of the meetings of the Board

of Directors or Committees of the Board, as the case

may be.

DLF iPark 2 ITSEZ, Kolkata:

letter:

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents

of the secretarial records. The verification was

done on test-check basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe

that the process and practices, I followed provide

a reasonable basis for my opinion.

DLF iPark 1, Kolkata:

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral

part of this report.:

letter:

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on my audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents

of the secretarial records. The verification was

done on test-check basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe

that the process and practices, I followed provide

a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3. I

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of financial records and books of

account of the Company.

4. I have obtained Management Representation,

wherever required, about the compliance of laws,

rules and regulations and happening of events, etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of management.

My examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test-check basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an

assurance as to future viability of the Company

nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

Dr. K.R. Chandratre

Pune

FCS No.: 1370, C. P. No.: 5144

9 May 2022

UDIN: F001370D000291429

Peer Review Certificate No. 1206/2021

Aerial view of DLF Riverside, Kochi:

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral

part of this report.

To

The Members

DLF Power & Services Limited

(CIN: U74110HR2016PLC063747)

10th Floor, Gateway Tower, DLF City

Phase-III, Gurugram - 122002, Haryana

I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the

compliance of applicable statutory provisions

and the adherence to good corporate practices by

DLF Power & Services Limited (hereinafter called

“the Company”) which is an unlisted Company.

Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that

provided me a reasonable basis for evaluating the

corporate conducts/ statutory compliances and

expressing my opinion thereon.

Based on my verification of the Company’s books,

papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and

other records maintained by the Company and also

the information provided by the Company, its officers

and authorized representatives during the conduct of

Secretarial Audit, I hereby report that in my opinion,

the Company has, during the audit period covering the

financial year ended on 31 March 2022 (‘Audit Period’)

complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder

and also that the Company has proper Board-processes

and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the

manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

I have examined the books, papers, minute books,

forms and returns filed and other records maintained

by the Company for the financial year ended on

31 March 2022 according to the provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made

thereunder (the Act);

(ii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations

and Bye-laws framed thereunder; and

(iii) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and

the rules and regulations made thereunder to the

extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas

Direct Investment and External Commercial

Borrowings, wherever applicable; (Not applicable

to the Company during the Audit Period).

I further report that, having regard to the compliance

system prevailing in the Company and on examination

of the relevant documents and records in pursuance

thereof on test-check basis, the Company has complied

with the following laws applicable specifically to the

Company:

(a) The Special Economic Zones Act, 2005;

(b) The Electricity Act, 2003.:

letter:

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on my audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents

of the secretarial records. The verification was

done on test-check basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe

that the process and practices, I followed provide

a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3. I

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of financial records and books of

account of the Company.

4. I have obtained Management Representation,

wherever required, about the compliance of laws,

rules and regulations and happening of events, etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of management.

My examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test-check basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance

as to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

Dr. K.R. Chandratre

Pune

FCS No.: 1370, C. P. No.: 5144

9 May 2022

UDIN: F001370D000291451

Peer Review Certificate No. 1206/2021

The Valley, Panchkula:

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral

part of this report.

the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors

or Committee of the Board, as the case may be.

I further report that there are adequate systems

and processes in the Company commensurate with

the size and operations of the Company to monitor

and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules,

regulations and guidelines.

I further report that during the Audit Period, the

Members at their Extra-ordinary General Meeting

held on 7 March 2022 passed the following Special

Resolutions:

a.

to borrow money in excess of aggregate

of paid-up share capital, free reserves and

securities premium of the Company, apart

from temporary loans obtained or to be

obtained from the Company’s Bankers in

the ordinary course of business, provided

that the total amount to be borrowed in

the financial year 2022-23 shall not exceed

ANNEXURE TO THE SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

To

The Members

DLF Home Developers Limited

(CIN: U74899HR1995PLC082458)

1st Floor, DLF Gateway Tower

R Block, DLF City, Phase-III

Gurugram, Haryana -122002

My report of even date is to be read along with this: letter:

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on those

secretarial records based on my audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents

of the secretarial records. The verification was

done on test-check basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe

that the process and practices, I followed provide

a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3. I

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of financial records and books of

accounts of the Company.

4. Wherever required, I have obtained Management

Representation, about the compliance of laws,

rules and regulations and happening of events, etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of management.

My examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test-check basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an

assurance as to future viability of the Company

nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

Dr. K.R. Chandratre

Pune

FCS No.: 1370, C. P. No.: 5144

13 May 2022

UDIN: F001370D000320117

Peer Review Certificate No. 1206/2021

Managing Director

6.

Mr. Vivek Anand

52

B.Com., CA

28

8-Nov-2019

Group CFO (Sr. ED)

4,14,61,722/- GlaxoSmithKline

Consumer Healthcare

Chief Financial Officer, Indian

Subcontinent

7.

Ms. Ambica Ranger

48

B.A. (Economics &

Mathematics)

25

7-Jan-2021

Head - Super Luxury Sales (VP)

3,79,22,009/- Louis Vuitton Retail India

Private Limited

India Retail Manager

8.

Mr. Pankaj Sharma

43

B.Com.

23

1-Apr-2016

Vice President - Sales & Marketing

2,62,35,154/- DLF Home Developers

Limited

GM (Sales & Marketing)

9.

Mr. Vineet Kanwar

54

B. Tech. - Computers

27

1-Jul-2018

Sr. Executive Director

(Business Development)

2,52,54,734/- DLF Home Developers

Limited

Sr. ED (Business Development)

10.

Ms. Ankita Pathak

34

B.Sc., PGDBA

14

1-Dec-2014

Deputy General Manager -

Sales & Marketing

2,40,40,017/- Three C Universal

Developers

Team Member-Luxury Sales

11.

Mr. Nalin Garg

54

M.A.

30

1-Mar-2019

Sr. Executive Director (HR)

2,38,09,319/- Damac Group, Dubai

Sr. Vice President

(People & Performance)

12.

Mr. Sanjay Goenka

57

B.Com., CA (Int.), LL.B.

37

1-Nov-1994

Sr. Executive Director

(Finance & Taxation)

2,37,98,879/- Jay Engg. Works Limited

Officer on Special Duty

13.

Mr. Amit Kaicker

46

Exe. MBA (Mktg. & Fin.)

24

12-Aug-2019

Sr. Vice President - Sales

2,23,77,303/- Housr Technologies

National Head - Sales & BD

14.

Mr. Jaswinder

Singh Sandhu

44

B.Arch., PGDACM

20

1-Mar-2021

Head EPC - Gurgaon & North (EVP)

1,97,35,460/- Oberoi Realty Limited

Head & EVP - EPC:

Managing Director (DCCDL)

Great Place to Work Institute

25.

CSR Project in COVID Category -

Outstanding Work During COVID

Pandemic

DLF Foundation

CSR Times Award 2021

26.

Unstinting Support to Police in

Fighting the COVID-19 Pandemic

DLF Foundation

Police Commissionerate, Gautam

Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh

27.

Certificate of Appreciation - T-SIG

COVID-19 Warriors Recognition

DLF Foundation

Telangana Social Impact Group

(T-SIG)

28.

Citation for COVID-19 Work

during Pandemic

DLF Foundation

DC Bullandshehar, Uttar Pradesh

29.

LEED

pre-certification

for

‘Platinum’ rating (Core and Shell)

Downtown Project at Taramani, Chennai

United

States Green Building

Council (USGBC)

30.

LEED Zero Water Certification

DLF Promenade; DLF Mall of India; DLF Emporio;

The Chanakya; DLF Cybercity Gurugram; and DLF

Cybercity Chennai

United

States Green Building

Council (USGBC)

31.

Most

Environment

Friendly

Commercial Space of the Year

DLF Cybercity, Chennai

13th Realty+ Conclave & Excellence

Awards 2021 (South)

32.

The Developer of the year -

Commercial for DLF Assets

Limited

DLF Cybercity, Hyderabad

13th Realty+ Conclave & Excellence

Awards 2021 (South)

33.

Most Admired Shopping Centre

Personality of the Year

Ms. Pushpa Bector, Director - DCCDL

MAPIC India 2022

34.

Most Inspiring Business Leader Ms. Pushpa Bector, Director - DCCDL

Financial Express Most Inspiring

Business Leaders 2022

35.

Transformative

Trailblazing

Leader

Ms. Pushpa Bector, Director - DCCDL

Business Icons of India 2022

36.

Most Admired CSR - Compliant

Philanthropist

Shopping

Centre of the Year

DLF Mall of India

MAPIC India 2022

37.

Best Multi Cuisine - Premium

Dining

Elan, The Lodhi

Times Food & Nightlife Awards

38.

Most

Environment-Friendly

Commercial/ Office Space

DLF IT Park, Kolkata

14th Realty+ Conclave & Excellence

Awards 2022 (East)

39.

17 Five Star Certifications (In

a comprehensive Five Star

Occupational

Health

and

Safety Audit conducted by

British Safety Council in 2021)

DLF Limited (Covering all DLF Commercial Offices,

Retail and Hotel across India)

British Safety Council

40.

Certificate of Appreciation-

Support

to

District

Administration,

Gurugram

during COVID-19

DLF Foundation

Haryana Government

41.

Most Promising Young CFO

Mr. Vivek Anand

Business World CFO:

letter of the law. In doing so,

the Company adopted practices mandated in the SEBI

Listing Regulations and incorporated the relevant

non-mandatory

compliances,

strengthening

its

position as a responsible corporate entity.

Governance Structure

The Company implemented a governance structure

with defined roles and responsibilities of every

systemic constituent. The Company’s shareholders

appoint the Board of Directors, who, in turn govern

the Company. The Board has constituted various

Committees to discharge responsibilities effectively.

The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to all

the Committees. The Chairman provides strategic

direction and guidance to the Board. The Chief

Executive Officer(s) and a group of senior executives

are individually empowered for day-to-day operations

with roles and responsibilities assigned by the Board.

The Board

The Board of the Company represents an optimum

mix of professionalism, knowledge and experience,

which enables it to discharge its responsibilities and

provide effective leadership to fulfil its long-term

vision and ensure the highest governance standards.

As on the date of this report, the Board comprised

14 Directors – three Executive Directors (21.43%),

eleven Non-executive Directors (78.57%) including

seven Independent Directors (50.00%) including a

Corporate Governance Report

28.57%

21.43%

50.00%

Executive Directors

Independent Directors

Non-executive Directors

Non Independent Directors

woman Independent Director. The composition of

the Board of Directors is in conformity with the SEBI

Listing Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013.

During the Financial Year 2021-22, Mr. Ashok Kumar

Tyagi and Mr. Devinder Singh, Whole-time Directors,

on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration

Committee,

were

redesignated/

appointed by the Board of Directors as Chief Executive

Officer (CEO) and Whole-time Directors w.e.f. 11 June

2021 for a term co-terminus with their appointment

as Whole-time Directors and their appointment was

approved by the members of the Company at the

Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on 31 August 2021.

The Board of Directors of the Company based on the

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee had co-opted Ms. Savitri Devi Singh and

Ms. Anushka Singh as Additional Directors of the:

Managing Director of DLF

Home Developers Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary.

His area of expertise includes construction and project

management, planning for land and new projects,

obtaining

approvals,

business

management,

risk

management, etc.

He is a member of the Finance and Risk Management

Committee(s) of the Company.

Ms. Pia Singh (DIN: 00067233), is a graduate

from Wharton School of Business, University of

Pennsylvania, U.S.A., with a degree in Finance. She

has diverse experience of over two decades. She is

currently a Director on the Board and the Chairperson

of the CSR Committee of the Company. Prior to that,

she was the Chairperson of DLF Retail Developers

Limited and Director of DT Cinemas Limited.

Ms. Singh has been a Director on the Board for

19 years. She began her career in the risk-undertaking

department of GE Capital, an investment division

of General Electric. Her area of expertise includes

business management, strategic planning and

implementation.

She serves as a trustee of Ananda Sangha Trust and

the Paramhansa Yogananda Public Charitable Trust.

She is the Co-president of the University of

Pennsylvania, Institute for Advanced Study of India

and a member of the University of Pennsylvania Asia

Campaign Leadership Committee.

Mr. G.S. Talwar (Gurvirendra Singh Talwar) (DIN: 00559460)

also known as Rana Talwar, is one of the Asia’s

leading international bankers.

Mr. Talwar started his career with Citibank in India

and served in Saudi Arabia, Hong Kong, Singapore,

Belgium and the United States. He was responsible

for building Citibank’s retail businesses across Asia

Pacific and the Middle East. He was subsequently

responsible for all of Citibank’s retail businesses

across Europe and the United States. He was

a member of the Citibank/ Citigroup Policy and

Operating Committees.

Mr. Talwar left Citibank in 1996 to join Standard

Chartered Plc as Global Chief Executive. He is the

first Asian to have been the Chief Executive of a FTSE

25 company and of a major global bank. He was

responsible for repositioning Standard Chartered Plc

as a leading emerging markets bank, including SCB’s

acquisition of Grindlays Bank from ANZ Bank.

He left Standard Chartered Plc in 2002 to establish

Sabre Capital Worldwide, a private equity firm, as its

founder Chairman and majority stakeholder.

Mr. Talwar has served on the main Boards of Standard

Chartered, Pearson PLC (UK), Schlumberger Limited

(US/ France), Fortis Group (Belgium/ Netherlands). He

is a Founding Governor of the Indian School of Business

and former member of the governing body of the London

Business School. His area of expertise includes leadership,

banking, business management, strategic planning,

strategic private equity investment, divestment, finance,

merger and acquisition and corporate governance etc.

He is also on the Board of Asahi India Glass Limited,

Great Eastern Energy Corporation Limited and several

other Indian companies.

He is a member of the Corporate Governance

Committee of the Company.:

letter of appointment, setting-out in detail, the terms

of their appointment, duties, responsibilities and

indicative time commitment.

The details of familiarisation programmes for

Independent Directors are posted on the website of

the Company and can be accessed at https://www.dlf.

in/pdf/Familiarisation%20Programme.pdf.

Resume of Directors proposed to be appointed/

re-appointed

The brief resume of Directors proposed to be

appointed/ re-appointed is a part of the Corporate

Governance Report and other information required

in terms of Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations is appended in the notice for convening

the Annual General Meeting.

Committees of the Board

The Company has following Board Committees:

1.

Audit Committee

2.

Corporate Governance Committee

3.

CSR Committee

4.

Finance Committee

5.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

6.

Risk Management Committee

7.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

The Board also constitutes specific committee(s)

from time to time, depending on emerging business

needs. The terms of reference of the Committees are

periodically approved, reviewed and modified by the

Board. Meetings of each Committee are convened

by the Chairman of the respective Committee. The

Company Secretary prepares the agenda notes in

consultation with the respective Committee Chairman

and circulates the same in advance to all members.

Each member can suggest the inclusion of item(s) on

the agenda in consultation with the Chairman. Minutes

of the Committee(s) meetings are approved by the

respective Committee(s) and thereafter the same are

noted by the Board.

The Company implements an effective post-meeting

follow-up, review and reporting process concerning

the decisions taken by the Committees. The significant

decisions are promptly communicated by the

Company Secretary to the concerned departments/

business units Head(s). The action-taken report on

decisions of the previous meeting(s) is placed at the

immediate succeeding meeting for review by the

respective Committee(s).

(i) Audit Committee

Composition, Meetings and Attendance

The Audit Committee comprises four Independent

Directors. All the members possess financial/

accounting expertise/ exposure and have held or

hold senior positions in other reputed organizations.

Mr. Ved Kumar Jain, Lead Independent Director, is the

Chairman and was present at the last Annual General

Meeting.:

letter of comfort etc. within the limits

specified by the Board;

4.

Borrowing of monies by way of loan and/ or

issuing and allotting Bonds/ Notes denominated in

one or more foreign currency(ies) in international:

Managing Director(s), Whole-time Director(s)

and other Directors, their relatives engaged in the

employment of the Company;

3.

To recommend to the Board the remuneration,

whether

by

way

of

salary,

perquisites,

commission, retainership fee, or otherwise,

payable

to

Directors

for

discharging

the

professional or other services otherwise than in

the capacity of Director;

4.

To frame policies and compensation including

salaries, incentives, bonuses, promotion, benefits,

stock options and performance targets for

executives of the Company;

5.

Formulation of the criteria for determining

qualifications,

positive

attributes

and

independence of a Director and recommend to

the Board a policy, relating to the remuneration

of the Directors, key managerial personnel and

other employees;

6.

The Committee, while formulating the policy, shall

ensure that:

a.

the level and composition of remuneration

is reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain

and motivate Directors of the quality required

to run the Company successfully;

b.

relationship of remuneration to performance

is clear and meets appropriate performance

benchmarks;

c.

remuneration to Directors, key managerial

personnel and senior management involves

a balance between fixed and incentive pay

reflecting short and long-term performance

objectives appropriate to the working of the

Company and its goals.

7.

Formulation of criteria for evaluation of

performance of Independent Directors and the

Board;

8.

Devising a policy on Board diversity; and

9.

Identifying persons who are qualified to become

Directors and who may be appointed in senior

management in accordance with the criteria

laid down and recommend to the Board their

appointment and removal.:

letter and spirit and preserving the

confidentiality and preventing the misuse of any

unpublished price sensitive information.

h)

Corporate Policy on Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal of Sexual Harassment of Women at

Workplace

The Company prohibits any form of sexual

harassment and any such incidence is immediately

investigated and appropriate action taken in the

matter against the offending employee(s) based

on the nature and the seriousness of the offence.

The Company has in place, a corporate policy on

Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal of Sexual

Harassment of Women at Workplace (the ‘Policy’)

and matters connected therewith or incidental

thereto covering all the aspects as contained

under the ‘The Sexual Harassment of Women at

Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)

Act, 2013’. Detailed mechanism has been laid

down in the Policy for reporting of cases of sexual

harassment to ‘Internal Complaints Committee’

comprising senior officials of the Company and

an independent member from NGO, constituted

under this Policy for conducting of inquiry into

such complaints, recommending suitable action

during the pendency and/ or completion of the

inquiry including strict disciplinary action including

termination of the services etc. There was 1 (One)

complaint filed during the financial year and the

same was pending at the end of the financial year.

i)

Loans and Advances

Disclosure of Loans and advances in the nature of

loans to firms/ companies in which Directors are

interested set-out in Note 46 of the Standalone

financial statement forming part of the Annual

Report.

Subsidiary Monitoring Framework

All subsidiaries of the Company are managed by their

respective Boards having rights and obligations to

manage such companies in the best interest of their

stakeholders.

As a majority shareholder, the Company monitors and

reviews the performance of each company, inter-alia,

by the following means:

a)

Financial Statements, in particular, the investments

made by the unlisted subsidiary companies, are

reviewed regularly by the Audit Committee;

b)

Utilisation of loans and/ or advances from/

investment by the holding company in the

subsidiary exceeding ` 100 crore or 10% of the

asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower

including existing loans/ advances/ investments,

are reviewed by the Audit Committee;

c) Minutes of the board meetings of the unlisted

subsidiary companies are placed before the

Company’s Board, regularly; and

d) Statements containing significant transactions

and arrangements entered into by the unlisted

subsidiary companies are regularly placed before

the Board of Directors for their review.

The Company has formulated a policy on material

subsidiaries in accordance with the requirements of

Regulation 16(1)(c) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

The object of the policy is to determine the material

subsidiary; the requirement to appoint independent

directors; restriction on disposal of shares of a material

subsidiary; restriction on transfer of assets of material

subsidiary; appointment of secretarial auditor by

material subsidiary; and disclosure requirement under

the SEBI Listing Regulations. The policy on material

subsidiaries has been disclosed on the Company’s

website https://www.dlf.in/pdf/Material-Subsidiary-

Policy.pdf in compliance to Regulations 16(1)(c) and

46(2)(h) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The Company

has complied with all the above-mentioned provisions

of the SEBI Listing Regulations with regard to unlisted

material subsidiaries.

Means of Communication

The quarterly and annual financial results and

media releases on significant developments in the

Company including presentations that have been

made from time to time to the media, institutional

investors and analysts are posted on the Company’s

website www.dlf.in and are submitted to the stock

exchanges on which the Company’s equity shares

are listed, to enable them to host the same on their

respective websites.

All stock exchange disclosures and periodical

compliance filings like shareholding pattern, corporate

governance report, media releases, statement of

investor grievance settlement among others are

filed electronically on NSE Electronic Application:

letter of support in favour of certain joint ventures/ associate companies

for their bank borrowings.

iii) The Company has commitment regarding payments under development agreements with certain

partnership firms amounting to ₹ 138,776.69 lakhs (31 March 2021: ₹ 139,314.06 lakhs), where the

Company or its subsidiaries are partner and certain third-party entities with whom development

agreements are in place.:

letter of allotment (RLA) dated 9 February 2010 issued in favour of the Company for 350.715 acres of

land. The Company has paid ₹ 99,969.26 lakhs to government towards purchase of this land out of

total consideration of ₹ 182,437.49 lakhs.

The Hon’ble Punjab and Haryana High Court, vide its final order dated 3 September 2014, while

upholding the acquisition of land has however disapproved the allotment in favour of the Company.

The Hon’ble High Court passed an order to keep the RLA dated 9 February 2010 issued in favour

of the Company in abeyance and further directed the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure

Development Corporation (`HSIIDC’) to initiate fresh allotment process for higher returns in respect

of the land in question with an option to State to revive the RLA in case no better bid is quoted by the

public at large.

The Company has filed a Special Leave Petition before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India challenging

the judgement dated 3 September 2014 passed by the Hon’ble Punjab and Haryana High Court.

The Hon’ble Supreme Court of India issued notice to the respondents and directed status quo to be

maintained by the parties.

Based on the advice of the independent legal counsels and grounds of appeal, the management has

assessed that there is a strong likelihood of succeeding before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India.

Pending the final decisions on the above matter, no adjustment has been made in these standalone

financial statements..

e) The Company has filed a Special Leave Petition (SLP) against the order dated 2 December 2016

passed by the Hon’ble Punjab and Haryana High Court in Writ Petition No.12210 of 2013 challenging

the findings and directions passed by the Hon’ble High Court requiring DLF to allocate additional

land measuring 10.6 Acres for DLF Park Place complex. DLF has taken the ground that after having

rejected the contentions of the association on the claim of extra land based on FAR and PPA norms,

the Hon’ble High Court could not have passed the order for allocation of additional land based on the

representations made in the Brochure. The Company has further raised the ground that Hon’ble High

Court has given a complete go by to the terms and conditions of the binding agreement where it was

specifically provided the area of Park Place as 12.67 acres granted leave in the Special Leave Petition.

Against the same order, DLF Park Place Residents Welfare Association has also filed an SLP before

the Supreme Court on the grounds that the High Court has misinterpreted the statutory provisions of:

letter of support in favour of certain joint venture/ associate companies for loans

availed by them.

III

Commitment of ₹ 2,882.53 lakhs (31 March 2021: ₹ 38,863.42 lakhs) regarding payments under development

agreements with certain third-party entities with which development agreements are in place.

(C) Certain other matters pending in litigation with Courts/ Appellate authorities

a) (i) The Competition Commission of India (CCI) on a complaint filed by the Belaire/ Magnolias/ Park

Place owners association had passed orders dated 12 August 2011 and 29 August 2011 wherein the

CCI had imposed a penalty of ₹ 63,000 lakhs on DLF Limited (“DLF” or “the Company”) or, restraining

DLF from formulating and imposing allegedly unfair conditions with buyers in Gurugram and further

ordered to suitably modify the alleged unfair conditions on its buyers.:

letter of allotment (RLA) dated 9 February 2010 issued in favour of the Company for 350.715 acres

of land. The Company has paid ₹ 99,969.26 lakhs to government towards purchase of this land out

of total consideration of ₹ 182,437.49 lakhs.

The Hon’ble Punjab & Haryana High Court vide its final order dated 3 September 2014, while

upholding the acquisition of land has however disapproved the allotment in favour of the Company.

The Hon’ble High Court passed an order to keep the RLA dated 9 February 2010 issued in favour

of the Company in abeyance and further directed the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure

Development Corporation (‘HSIIDC’) to initiate fresh allotment process for higher returns in respect

of the land in question with an option to State to revive the RLA in case no better bid is quoted by

the public at large.

The Company has filed Special Leave Petition before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India challenging

the judgement dated 3 September 2014 passed by the Hon’ble Punjab & Haryana High Court. The

Hon’ble Supreme Court of India issued notice to the Respondents and directed status quo to be

maintained by the parties.

Based on the advice of the independent legal counsels and grounds of appeal, the management

has assessed that there is a strong likelihood of succeeding before the Hon’ble Supreme Court

of India. Pending the final decisions on the above matter, no adjustment has been made in these

consolidated financial statements.

i)

During the year, Group has initiated the arbitration proceedings against Haryana Urban Development

Authority (HUDA) in respect to outstanding amount of ₹ 6,002.90 lakhs recoverable under a joint

development agreement entered with HUDA for construction of certain roads and underpass in

Gurugram, Haryana on 50:50 cost sharing basis.

Based on the advice of the independent legal counsels and grounds of appeal, the management

has assessed that claims by the Group are as per terms of agreement entered with HUDA and

based on merits of the case, there is a strong likelihood of a favorable outcome for the Group in

aforesaid case.

48. The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘Code’) relating to employee benefits during employment and

post-employment benefits received Presidential assent in September 2020. The Code has been published

in the Gazette of India. However, the date on which the Code will come into effect has not been notified and

the final rules/interpretation have not yet been issued. The Group will assess the impact of the Code when

it comes into effect and will record any related impact in the period the Code becomes effective.

49. SEGMENT INFORMATION

In line with the provisions of Ind AS 108 – operating segments and basis the review of operations being

done by the Board and the management, the operations of the Group fall under colonization and real estate

business, which is considered to be the only reportable segment. The Group derives its major revenues

from construction and development of real estate projects and its customers are widespread. The Group

is operating in India which is considered as a single geographical segment.:

letter/ power of attorney etc., authorizing

their representatives to attend/ participate in the

AGM through VC/ OAVM on their behalf and to

vote through remote e-voting or e-voting at the

AGM. The said resolution/ authority: letter/ power

of attorney, etc. shall be sent to the Scrutinizer by

e-mail through their registered e-mail address at

dlfscrutinizer@gmail.com or dlfevoting@dlf.in

with a copy to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

8.

The Company has fixed Wednesday, 3 August

2022 as the ‘Record Date’ for determining eligibility

for payment of dividend, if declared at the AGM.

9.

The dividend, if declared at the meeting, will be

paid, subject to deduction of tax at source on or

before Thursday, 8 September 2022 to those

members or their mandates: (i) whose names

appear as beneficial owners at the end of the

business hours on Wednesday, 3 August 2022

in the list of beneficial owners to be furnished by

the depositories (i.e. NSDL and CDSL) in respect of

the shares held in electronic form; and (ii) whose

names appear as members in the Company’s

Register of Members on Wednesday, 3 August

2022 after giving effect to valid transmission or

transposition requests in physical form lodged with

the Company or its RTA on or before Wednesday,

3 August 2022.

10. Pursuant to the Finance Act, 2020, dividend

income is taxable in the hands of shareholders

w.e.f. 1 April 2020 and the Company is required

to deduct tax at source from the dividend paid to

shareholders at the prescribed rates, for various

categories. The shareholders are requested to

refer to the Finance Act, 2020 and amendments

thereof. The shareholders are requested to

update their Permanent Account Number (PAN)

with the Company/ KFin (in case of shares held

in physical mode) and their respective Depository

Participants (in case of shares held in demat

mode).

Resident individual shareholders who are not

liable to pay income tax can submit a yearly

declaration in Form No. 15G/ 15H along with

letter which contains

the shareholder’s name, folio number, bank

details (Bank account number, Bank and Branch

Name and address, IFSC and MICR code); (ii) self-

attested copy of the PAN card; and (iii) cancelled

cheque leaf.

13. Members holding shares in physical form, in

identical order of names, in more than one folios

are requested to send to the Company or KFin,

the details of such folios together with the share

certificates for consolidating their holdings in

one folio. A consolidated share certificate will be

issued to such members free of cost after making

requisite changes.

14. In case of joint holders, the Member whose name

appears as the first holder in the order of names as

per the Register of Members of the Company will

be entitled to vote at the AGM.

Members may avail the facility of nomination in

respect of shares held by them by submitting Form

SH-13 to the Depository Participants (DPs) in case

of shares held in electronic form and to KFin in

case of shares held in physical form.

15. Electronic copy of all the documents referred

to in the Notice and the Statement shall be

available for inspection. Shareholders will be

able to inspect all documents referred to in the

Notice electronically without any fee from the

date of circulation of this Notice up to the date

of AGM. Members seeking inspection of such

documents can send an e-mail to investor-

relations@dlf.in.

16. The MCA has taken a ‘Green Initiative in

Corporate Governance’ by allowing companies to

send documents to their members in electronic

mode. To support this green initiative and to

receive communications from the Company

in electronic mode, members who have not

registered their e-mail addresses and are holding

shares in physical form are requested to contact

the RTA of the Company and register their e-mail

address. Members holding shares in demat form

are requested to contact their DPs. Members

may please note that notices, annual reports, etc.

will be available on the Company’s website

at www.dlf.in. The Company shall send the

physical copy of Annual Report 2021-22 to those

members who request the same at investor-

relations@dlf.in mentioning their Folio No./DP

ID and Client ID.

17. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial

Personnel and their shareholdings maintained

under Section 170 of the Act, the Register of:

letter mentioning their Name, Folio No.

and complete Address; and (b) self-

attested scanned copy of the PAN

Card and any other document (such as

bank statement, voter ID, Aadhaar card,

passport) in support of the address of the

Member as registered with the Company;

by e-mail to investor-relations@dlf.in.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode,

members may obtain the login ID and

password by sending scanned copy of

(a) a signed request: letter mentioning

their name, DP ID-Client ID (16 digit DP

ID plus Client ID or 16 digit beneficiary

ID); (b) self-attested scanned copy of

the client master data or Consolidated

Account Statement; (c) self-attested

scanned copy of the PAN Card; by e-mail

to investor-relations@dlf.in.

3.

Alternatively, shareholders/ members

may send a request to evoting@nsdl.

co.in for procuring user id and password

for

e-voting

by

providing

above

mentioned documents.

IX. INSTRUCTIONS

FOR

MEMBERS

FOR

ATTENDING THE 57th AGM THROUGH VC/

OAVM ARE AS UNDER:

1.

Members will be able to attend the AGM

through VC/ OAVM facility through the

NSDL e-voting system at https://www.

evoting.nsdl.com under shareholders

login by using the remote e-voting

credentials and selecting the EVEN for

the Company’s AGM. Please note that

the members who do not have the User

ID and Password for e-voting or have

forgotten the User ID and Password

may retrieve the same by following the

remote e-voting instructions mentioned

in the Notice of the AGM to avoid last

minute rush. Further, Members can also

use the OTP based login for logging into

the e-voting system of NSDL.

2.

Members

are

encouraged

to

join

the AGM through laptops for better

communication.

3.

Further, Members will be required to

allow camera and use Internet with a

good speed connection to avoid any

disturbance during the meeting.

4.

Please note that Members connecting

from mobile devices or tablets or through

c)

If you are still unable to get the

password by aforesaid two options,

you can send a request at evoting@

nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat

account number/ folio number, your

PAN, your name and your registered

address.

d)

Members can also use the OTP

(One Time Password) based login

for casting the votes on e-voting

system of NSDL.

7.

After entering your password, tick on

Agree to ‘Terms and Conditions’ by

selecting on the check box.

8.

Now, you will have to click on ‘Login’ button.

9.

After you click on the ‘Login’ button,

Home page of e-voting will open.

Details on Step 2 are given below:

How to cast your vote electronically and join

General Meeting on NSDL e-voting system?

1.

After successful login at Step 1, you will

be able to see all the companies ‘EVEN’

in which you are holding shares and

whose voting cycle and General Meeting

is in active status.

2.

Select ‘EVEN’ of company for which you

wish to cast your vote during the remote

e-voting period and casting your vote

during the General Meeting. For joining

virtual meeting, you need to click on ‘VC/

OAVM’ link placed under ‘Join General

Meeting’.

3.

Now you are ready for e-voting as the

Voting page opens.

4.

Cast your vote by selecting appropriate

options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/ modify

the number of share(s) for which you wish

to cast your vote and click on ‘Submit’ and

also ‘Confirm’ when prompted.

5.

Upon confirmation, the message ‘Vote

cast successfully’ will be displayed.

6.

You can also take the printout of the

votes cast by you by clicking on the print

option on the confirmation page.

7.

Once you confirm your vote on the

resolution(s), you will not be allowed to

modify your vote.

VIII. Process for those shareholders whose e-mail

IDs are not registered with the depositories

for procuring user ID and password and

registration of e-mail IDs for e-voting for the

resolution(s) set-out in this notice:

1.

Those Members, who hold shares in

physical form or who have not registered

their e-mail address with the Company

Dear Shareholders,

In order to serve you better and for prompt communication, kindly help us by providing the following details:

A. Communication Registration

Name of the Member(s)

Folio No.

Registered address

DP Id/ Client Id

e-mail Id

Mobile No.

B.

Dividend Payout - Bank Account Details

Bank Name:

Branch Name & Address:

Account No.:

IFSC:

MICR Code:

C.

Shareholders’ Satisfaction Feedback

(i) How do you rate the services provided by KFin Technologies Private Limited, the RTA

Parameters

5

4

3

2

1

Quality of Response

Speed of Response

Accessibility

(ii) Your Overall Assessment of Investors’ Services Standards at DLF Limited

Parameters

5

4

3

2

1

Quality of Service

Customer orientation of person contacted

P.T.O.:

