Managing Director in

M.N. Eye Hospital Private Limited.

CHALINI MADHIVANAN

Independent Director

BOARD

OF DIRECTORS

R.G. Chandramogan, aged 74 years, is the Chairman of

the Company. He has been in the dairy business for more

than five decades. In February 2018, the Indian Dairy

Association awarded Patronship to R.G. Chandramogan

in recognition of the valuable services rendered by him in

furthering the cause of the Indian Dairy Association and

the dairy industry, through planning and development.

R.G. CHANDRAMOGAN

Chairman

C. Sathyan, aged 44 years, is the Managing

Director. He was conferred with the title of ‘Doctor

of Letters’ for his entrepreneurship and

philanthropy by the International Tamil University,

USA. He has held various executive positions

during his career, spanning over 20 years. He is

in-charge of the day-to-day operations of the

Company. He was re-designated as Managing

Director from the position of Executive Director

upon the relinquishment of the position of: Managing

Managing Director of

Karnataka News Publications Private Limited.

B. THENAMUTHAN

Independent Director

Balaji Tammineedi, aged 62 years, is an Independent

Director of the Company. He is an entrepreneur and

holds a Master’s Degree in Management from the Indian

Institute of Planning and Management, Delhi. He has

more than 23 years of experience in the dairy industry.

He is a partner in Prism Ventures LLP, Traditions Jewellery

LLP and Blue Sky Brundhavana LLP and a Director in

Jyothi Pure Water Pvt.Ltd., Prism Infraspace Pvt.Ltd.,

Prism Infrabuild Pvt.Ltd and Prism Infobuild Pvt.Ltd.,

BALAJI TAMMINEEDI

Independent Director

D. Sathyanarayan, aged 64 years is a Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director. He is a Bachelor of

Science and holds a Master’s Degree in Public

Administration. He has more than three decades of

experience in handling Factory Operations, Food

Safety, Quality Control and commissioning of new

plants.

D. SATHYANARAYAN

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

S. Subramanian, aged 64 years, is an Independent

Director. He holds a Postgraduate Degree in

Commerce and Management and is a finance

professional with more than 30 years of experience

in the Manufacturing Industry. He has expertise

and knowledge in the areas of Corporate Finance,

Accounting, Capital Structuring, Governance and

Compliance matters.

S. SUBRAMANIAN

Independent Director

V.R. Muthu, aged 69 years, is a Graduate in

Commerce and has rich experience in the

Business/Commercial spheres for over a period of

20 years. He is the: Managing

Dear Stakeholders,

Every year brings with it a share of challenges. Last

year was no different, but neither was our approach to

solving them. We looked at each of these obstacles as

opportunities to grow, and moved forward together.

We are sure the coming year will bring even greater

challenges, but I assure you that we are more than ready

to face them head on and deliver quality to our customers.

I take this opportunity to thank you, as always, for your

continued loyalty and support. I look forward to continuing

this wonderful journey with you.

Yours sincerely,

R.G. Chandramogan

07 | FROM THE CHAIRMAN’S DESK:

Managing Director

K.S. THANARAJAN

Non-Executive Director

P. VAIDYANATHAN

Non-Executive Director

V. RAJENDRAN MUTHU

Independent Director

B. THENAMUTHAN

Independent Director

BALAJI TAMMINEEDI

Independent Director

CHALINI MADHIVANAN

Independent Woman Director

S. SUBRAMANIAN

Independent Director

D. SATHYANARAYAN

Non-Executive Director

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer

H. RAMACHANDRAN

Company Secretary

G. SOMASUNDARAM

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

AUDIT COMMITTEE

S. Subramanian

P. Vaidyanathan

B. Thenamuthan

Balaji Tammineedi

K.S. Thanarajan

Chalini Madhivanan

DATE: 05th September, 2023

DAY: Tuesday

TIME: 10.45 A.M.

VENUE: Through Video

Conferencing (‘VC’) / Other

Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM’)

without the physical presence

of Members at a Common

Venue as per the Circulars

issued by ‘MCA’ and ‘SEBI’

STAKEHOLDERS’

RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

S. Subramanian

P. Vaidyanathan

B. Thenamuthan

Balaji Tammineedi

Chalini Madhivanan

K.S. Thanarajan

NOMINATION &

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

S. Subramanian

P. Vaidyanathan

B. Thenamuthan

Balaji Tammineedi

Chalini Madhivanan

K.S. Thanarajan

BORROWING & INVESTMENT

COMMITTEE

R.G. Chandramogan

C. Sathyan

K.S. Thanarajan

S. Subramanian

CORE COMMITTEE

R.G. Chandramogan

C. Sathyan

K.S. Thanarajan

CORPORATE SOCIAL

RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE

S. Subramanian

P. Vaidyanathan

C. Sathyan

K.S. Thanarajan

RISK MANAGEMENT

COMMITTEE

R.G. Chandramogan

C. Sathyan

K.S. Thanarajan

S. Subramanian

CORPORATE INFORMATION

CIN: L15499TN1986PLC012747

Registered Ofﬁce:

No.41 (49), Janakiram Colony Main

Road, Janakiram Colony,

Arumbakkam, Chennai - 600 106.

Phone: 91-44-43659999

Fax: 91-44-43659998

Website: www.hap.in

E-mail: secretarial@hap.in

Corporate Ofﬁce:

Plot No 14, TNHB,

TN Housing Board ‘A’ Road,

Sholinganallur, Chennai - 600 119.

Phone: 91-44-24501622

Fax: 91-44-24501422

STATUTORY AUDITORS

M/S. DELOITTE HASKINS

& SELLS LLP

8th Floor, A S V Ramana Towers,

52, Venkatnarayana Road,

T. Nagar, Chennai - 600 113.

INTERNAL AUDITORS

M/S. ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Tidel Park, 6th Floor, “A” Block

(Module 601)

No.4, Rajiv Gandhi Salai,

Taramani, Chennai - 600 113.

BANKERS

State Bank of India

ICICI Bank Limited

The South Indian Bank Limited

Standard Chartered Bank

Yes Bank Limited

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

HDFC Bank Limited

Axis Bank Limited

HSBC Bank

The Federal Bank Limited

Bank of Bahrain & Kuwait B.S.C

Shinhan Bank

Mizuho Bank

Indusind Bank

Central Bank of India

City Union Bank

STOCK EXCHANGES

BSE Limited

National Stock Exchange

of India Limited

REGISTRAR AND SHARE

TRANSFER AGENT

Integrated Registry

Management Services

Private Limited (IRMSPL)

30, Ramana Residency, 4th Cross,

Sampige Road, Malleswaram

Bangalore - 560 003.

E-mail: irg@integratedindia.in

gopi@integratedindia.in

26 | 38th ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING:

Managing Director at the Meeting of the Board held on 19th October, 2020. In terms of Regulation

17(1A) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended, consent of the

members by way of special resolution is required for appointment or continuation of Directorship of a

Non-Executive Director, beyond the age of 75 Years. Mr. R.G. Chandramogan will attain the age of 75 years on

March 01, 2024 and approval of the Members will be required for continuation of his directorship from the day he

attains the age of 75 years. Mr. R.G. Chandramogan has been/is in the business of dairy for more than five decades

and has served on the Board of the Company from the time of its inception. In recognition of the valuable services

rendered by him to the Dairy Industry, Mr. R.G. Chandramogan was awarded the Patronship by the Indian Dairy

Association. Considering the vast knowledge, acumen, expertise and performance of Mr. R.G. Chandramogan and

the significant contributions made by him not only for the growth of the Company but also the Dairy Industry, the

Board of Directors is of the opinion that his continued association would be of immense benefit to the Company.

Further, in the opinion of the Board Mr. R.G. Chandramogan fulfills all the criteria to continue to hold the position

of Director and Chairmanship beyond the age of 75 years. On the recommendation of Nomination &

Remuneration Committee and based on the skills, experience, knowledge and report of performance evaluation

of Mr. R.G. Chandramogan, the Board of the Directors at their Meeting held on Wednesday, the 19th July, 2023

have approved the continuation of directorship of Mr. R.G. Chandramogan (DIN:00012389) as a Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director, in the capacity of Chairman of the Company from the day he attains the age of 75

years i.e., March 01, 2024. A copy of the: letter for appointment of Mr. R.G. Chandramogan as a Non-Executive

Non- Independent Director in the capacity of

letter for appointment of Mr. K.S. Thanarajan (DIN

00012285) as a Non-Executive Non-Independent

Director would be available for inspection without any

fees by the members of the Company at the

Registered office of the Company and also on the

website at www.hap.in. The Company has received the

following documents from Mr. K .S Thanarajan :(i)

consent in writing to act as Director in Form DIR-2

pursuant to Rule 8 of the Companies (Appointment &

Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014; (ii) intimation in

Form DIR-8 pursuant to Rule 14 of the Companies

(Appointment & Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014

to the effect that he is not disqualified in accordance

with sub-section (2) of Section 164 of the Companies

Act, 2013; and (iii) a declaration pursuant to BSE

Circular No. LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 dated June 20,

2018, that he has not been debarred from holding

office of a Director by virtue of any Order passed by

Securities and Exchange Board of India or any other

such authority;

Save and except Mr. K.S. Thanarajan and his relatives,

to the extent of their shareholding interest, in the

Company, none of the Directors/Key Managerial

Personnel and their relatives is in any way, interested or

concerned, financially or otherwise in the Resolution

set out at Item No. 7 of the Notice. The Board of

Directors

accordingly

recommends

the

Special

Resolution set out at Item No. 7 of the Notice for the

approval of Members.

By order of the Board

For HATSUN AGRO PRODUCT LIMITED

Sd/-

G. Somasundaram

Company Secretary

Place: Chennai

Date: 19th July, 2023

42 | NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS:

Letter of

Offer dated 03rd December, 2022 in respect of the Rights Issue of the Company in compliance with

Regulation 32(1) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended and there is no deviation as regards the utilisation of funds.

TRANSFER TO RESERVES

The Company retained the entire surplus in the Profit and Loss Account and hence no transfer to General

Reserve was made during the Year.

FINANCE

The total borrowings decreased from ₹1,70,827 Lakhs to ₹1,44,793 Lakhs due to repayment of some of the

high cost debt.

Your Company follows judicious management of its Short Term and Long Term Borrowings with strong

relationship with various reputed Banks from whom your Company has availed Credit facilities at very

competitive rates.

DEPOSITS

The total amount of fixed deposits (excluding interest on Cumulative Deposits) from public, outstanding and

unclaimed as at 31st March, 2023, was NIL.

INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND (IE&PF)

Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the IE&PF Authority

(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“the IE&PF Rules”), all the Unpaid or Unclaimed

dividends are required to be transferred by the Company to the IE&PF Authority after the completion of

seven years. Further, according to the Rules, the Shares on which dividend has not been paid or claimed by

the shareholders for seven consecutive years or more shall also be transferred to the demat account of the

IE&PF Authority. During the year 2022-23, a Dividend amount of ₹23,24,646 (₹7,70,652 - declared on

28.05.2015, ₹9,08,330 – declared on 15.07.2015 and ₹6,45,664 declared on 20.10.2015) which remained

unclaimed for a period of 7 consecutive years) being unclaimed dividend pertaining to the financial year

2015-16 (Interim dividend) was transferred to Investor Education & Protection Fund (IE&PF).

44 | BOARD’S REPORT:

Managing Director is responsible for the

administration,

interpretation,

application

and

review of this policy. The: Managing Director is also

empowered to bring about necessary changes to this

Policy, if required at any stage with the concurrence

of the Audit Committee. The mechanism also

provides for access to the

letter of

appointment outlining his/her role, functions, duties

and responsibilities as a Director. The detailed

familiarisation program for Independent Directors is

hosted on the website of the Company and the

weblink for the same is

https://www.hap.in/policies.php.

COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS

The Directors state that applicable Secretarial

Standards, i.e. SS-1 and SS-2, issued by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India, relating to ‘Meetings of

the Board of Directors’ and ‘General Meetings’,

respectively, have been duly followed/complied with

by the Company.

NAMES OF COMPANIES WHICH HAVE BECOME

OR CEASED TO BE ITS SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT

VENTURES OR ASSOCIATE COMPANIES DURING

THE YEAR.

Your Company has no subsidiaries, joint venture or

associate companies and hence the disclosure does

not arise.

AUDITORS

Statutory Auditors

At the Annual General Meeting held on 20th

September, 2022, M/s. Deloitte Haskin & Sells,

Chartered Accountants,(Firm Registration number

117366W /W100018) were re-appointed as Statutory

Auditors of the Company to hold office for a Second

and Final Term of 5 consecutive years from the

conclusion of Thirty Seventh (37th) Annual General

Meeting of the Company until the conclusion of

Forty Second (42nd) Annual General Meeting of the

Company to be held in the calendar year 2027.

The Company has received a Certificate from the

Statutory Auditors to the effect they are not

disqualified to continue as Auditors of the Company.

The Notes to financial statement referred to in the

Auditors’ Report are self-explanatory and do not call

for any further comments. The Auditors’ Report does

not contain any qualification, reservation, adverse

remark or disclaimer.

Total Fees for all the Services paid by the Company,

on a consolidated basis, to the Statutory Auditors

Total Fees for all the Services paid by the Company,

on a Consolidated basis to M/s. Deloitte Haskins &

Sells LLP for the financial year 2022-23 was Rs.149.27

Lakhs (excluding tax).

The Board, in consultation with the Statutory

Auditors and as per the recommendation of Audit

Committee, will decide the payment of Audit Fee

payable to the Statutory Auditors for all their

services including audit of accounts, tax audit etc.,

for the financial year 2023-24 excluding out of

pocket expenses.

Secretarial Auditor

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of The

Companies

Act,

2013

and

The

Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Company has appointed

Mr. S. Dhanapal, Senior Partner, M/s. S. Dhanapal &

Associates, a firm of Practising Company Secretaries

to undertake the Secretarial Audit of the Company.

The Secretarial Audit Report for the financial year

2022-2023 is annexed herewith marked as Annexure C

and forms part of this report. As required by the

Listing

Regulations,

the

Secretarial

Auditors’

Certificate on Corporate Governance is enclosed as

Annexure D to the Board’s report. The Secretarial

Audit Report does not contain any qualification,

reservation, adverse remark or disclaimer.

50 | BOARD’S REPORT:

Managing Director

Mr. H. Ramachandran,

85,72,577

36.33

5.75

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. G. Somasundaram,

36,03,731

15.27

6.72

Company Secretary

NAME OF DIRECTOR/KMP

AMOUNT OF

REMUNERATION

PER ANNUM

( in ₹ )

RATIO OF

REMUNERATION TO

MEDIAN REMUNERATION

OF EMPLOYEES FOR THE

FY

% INCREASE IN

REMUNERATION

DURING THE FY

52 | BOARD’S REPORT

*Retirement benefits like Gratuity not included since the same is not comparable.

Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the ﬁnancial year

The median remuneration of Employees for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2023 was arrived at 19,671/- per

month and the median remuneration of Employees for the previous financial year ended 31st March, 2022 was

arrived at 18,588/- per month and accordingly, there was an increase of 5.83 % in the median remuneration of

employees in the financial year.

Number of permanent employees on the rolls of the company as on 31.03.2023

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as of 31st March, 2023 stood at 5310.

Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last

ﬁnancial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justiﬁcation thereof

and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration;

The average percentile increase was about 9.31 % for all the employees who went through the compensation review

cycle in the year. For the managerial personnel, the compensation has increased marginally for: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 00012439

54 | BOARD’S REPORT:

Managing Director or Whole-time Director or

Manager (including Chief Executive Officer and

Manager, in case they are not part of the Board of

Directors) and shall specifically include the functional

heads, by whatever name called and the Company

Secretary and the Chief Financial Officer.]

f. “Independent Director” means a director referred to in

Section149(6) of the Act.

III. Appointment and removal of Directors, KMPs and

Senior Management

a. Appointment criteria and qualiﬁcations:

i. The Committee shall identify and ascertain the

integrity, qualification, expertise and experience of the

person for appointment as Director, KMP or Senior

Management and recommend to the Board his / her

appointment.

55 | BOARD’S REPORT:

Managing Director, Whole-time director or Manager

within the meaning of the Act, who has attained the age

of 70 (seventy) years. Provided that the appointment of

such a person who has attained the age of 70 (seventy)

years shall be made with the approval of the

Shareholders by passing a special resolution, based on

the explanatory statement annexed to the notice for the

Meeting of the Shareholders for such motion indicating

the justification for appointment or extension of

appointment beyond the age of 70 (seventy) years.

b. Term /Tenure:

I.: Managing

Managing Director draws

or receives, directly or indirectly, by way of remuneration

any such sums in excess of the limits prescribed under

the Act or without the prior sanction of the Central

Government, where required, he/she shall refund such

sums to the Company and until such sum is refunded,

hold it in trust for the Company. The Company shall not

waive recovery of such sum refundable to it unless

permitted by the Central Government.

i. Remuneration to Non-Executive/Independent

Director:

1) Remuneration/Commission:

The remuneration/commission shall be in accordance

with the statutory provisions of the Act and the Rules

made thereunder for the time being in force.

2) Sitting Fees:

The Non-Executive/Independent Director may receive

remuneration by way of fees for attending meetings of

the Board or Committee thereof. Provided that the

amount of such fees shall not exceed the maximum

amount as provided in the Act, per meeting of the Board

or Committee or such amount as may be prescribed by

the Central Government from time to time.

3) Limit of Remuneration/Commission:

Remuneration/Commission may be paid within the

monetary limit approved by shareholders, subject to the

limit not exceeding the sum computed as per the

applicable provisions of the Act/SEBI (LODR) Regulations,

2015 as amended from time to time.

4) Stock Options:

An Independent Director shall not be entitled to any

stock option of the Company.

IV. Membership:

a) The Committee shall comprise of at least (3) Directors,

all of whom shall be Non-Executive Directors and at

least half shall be Independent Directors.

b) Board shall reconstitute the Committee as and when

required to comply with the provisions of the Act and

the SEBI Listing Regulations.

c) The quorum for the Meeting of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee shall either be two

members or one third of the total strength of the

Committee, whichever is higher (including at least

one Independent Director in attendance).

d) Membership of the Committee shall be disclosed in

the Annual Report.

e) Term of the Committee shall be continued unless

terminated by the Board of Directors.

V. Chairperson

a) Chairperson of the Committee shall be an Independent

Director.

b) Chairperson of the Company may be appointed as a

member of the Committee but shall not be a

Chairman of the Committee.

c) In the absence of the Chairperson, the members of

the Committee present at the meeting shall choose

one amongst them to act as Chairperson.

d) Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee meetings should be present at the

annual general meeting or may nominate some other

member to answer the shareholders’ queries.

VI. Frequency of Meetings:

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall

meet at least once a year.

57 | BOARD’S REPORT:

letter of

appointment in accordance with the Guidelines

provided under the Act;

• Identifying and recommending Directors who are to

be put forward for retirement by rotation.

• Determining the appropriate size, diversity and

composition of the Board;

• Setting a formal and transparent procedure for

selecting new Directors for appointment to the

Board;

• Developing a succession plan for the Board and

Senior Management and regularly reviewing the plan;

• Evaluating the performance of the Board members

and Senior Management in the context of the

Company’s

performance

from

business

and

compliance perspective;

• Making recommendations to the Board concerning

any matters relating to the continuation in office of

any Director at any time including the suspension or

termination of service of an Executive Director as an

employee of the Company subject to the provisions

of the law and their service contract.

• Delegating any of its powers to one or more of

its members or the Secretary of the Committee;

• Recommend any necessary changes to the Board; and

• Considering any other matters, as may be requested

by the Board.

Duties with respect to Remuneration:

The duties of the Committee in relation to remuneration

matters include:

• To consider and determine the remuneration policy,

based on the performance and also bearing in mind

that the remuneration is reasonable and sufficient to

attract retain and motivate members of the Board

and such other factors as the Committee shall deem

appropriate and determine all elements of the

remuneration of the members of the Board.

• To approve the remuneration of the Senior

Management including Key Managerial Personnel of

the Company maintaining a balance between fixed

and variable pay reflecting short and long term

performance objectives appropriate to the working

of the Company.

• To delegate any of its powers to one or more of its

members or the Secretary of the Committee.

• To consider any other matters as may be requested

by the Board.

X. Minutes of committee meeting

Proceedings of all meetings must be minuted and

signed by the Chairman of the Committee at the

subsequent meeting. Minutes of the Committee

meetings will be tabled at the subsequent Board and

Committee meeting.

XI. Deviations from this Policy

Deviations on elements of this policy in extraordinary

circumstances, when deemed necessary in the interest

of the Company, will be made if there are specific

reasons to do so in an individual case.

XII. Amendment:

Any change in the Policy shall be approved by the Board

of Directors or any of its Committees (as may be

authorised by the Board of Directors in this regard). The

Board of Directors or any of its authorised Committees

shall have the right to withdraw and/or amend any part

of this Policy or the entire Policy, at any time, as it deems

fit, or from time to time, and the decision of the Board or

its Committee in this respect shall be final and binding.

Any subsequent amendment/modification in the Listing

Regulations and/or any other laws in this regard shall

automatically apply to this Policy.

XIII. Effective Date:

This Policy is effective from 1st April, 2019.

58 | BOARD’S REPORT:

Managing Director (Member)

3. Web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are

disclosed on the website of the company:

Web Link: https://www.hap.in/policies.php

4. Executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of

sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014.

Not applicable during the financial year 2022-23.

SI.

No.

Name of Director

1

Mr. S. Subramanian Independent Director

1

1

2

Mr. K.S. Thanarajan Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

1

1

3

Mr. P. Vaidyanathan

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

1

1

4

Mr. C. Sathyan: Managing

Managing Director of the

Company;

4. Payment of Remuneration to Mr. D. Sathyanarayan

(DIN: 08489439), Non-Executive Non-Independent

Director;

5. Approval for amendment to Articles of Association

of the Company.

We further report that during the Audit period, the

company has allotted 71,84,945 equity shares through

Rights Issue.

We further report that our Audit was subjected only to

verifying adequacy of systems and procedures that are

in place for ensuring proper compliance by the

Company and we are not responsible for any lapses in

those compliances on the part of the Company. The

compliance with provisions of applicable laws which

have been subject to other audits have not been

independently reviewed by us and the reports

wherever shown to us have been relied upon in

rendering our report.

We further report that we have conducted the

secretarial audit whenever required through online

verification and examination of records, as requested

and facilitated by the company, for the purpose of

issuing this Report.

Place: Chennai

Date: 09/05/2023

This Report is to be read with our testimony of even

date which is annexed as Annexure and forms an

integral part of this report.

For S DHANAPAL & ASSOCIATES

(A ﬁrm of Practicing Company Secretaries)

Peer Review Certiﬁcate No.1107/2021

S. DHANAPAL

( Partner)

FCS. 6881

CP No. 7028

UDIN : F006881E000278460

64 | BOARD’S REPORT:

letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we

followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

company and for which we relied on the report of statutory auditor.

4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules

and regulations and happening of events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

Place: Chennai

Date: 09/05/2023

Annexure to Secretarial Audit Report

For S DHANAPAL & ASSOCIATES

(A ﬁrm of Practicing Company Secretaries)

Peer Review Certiﬁcate No. 1107/2021

S. DHANAPAL

( Partner)

FCS. 6881

CP No. 7028

UDIN : F006881E000278460

65 | BOARD’S REPORT:

Managing Director of

the Company.

4.1.10 “Policy or this Policy” shall mean the Dividend

Distribution Policy.

4.1.11 “SEBI Regulations” shall mean Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 together

with the circulars issued thereunder, including any

statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for

the time being inforce.

4.2. Interpretation

4.2.1 In this Policy, unless the contrary intention appears:

2.1.a. the clause headings are for ease of reference only

and shall not be relevant to interpretation;

2.1.b. a reference to a clause number includes a

reference to its sub-clauses;

2.1.c. words in singular number include the plural and

vice versa;

2.1.d. Words and expressions used and not defined in

this Policy but defined in The Companies Act, 2013 or

rules made thereunder or under Securities and

Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 or regulations made

thereunder or Depositories Act, 1996 shall have the

meanings respectively assigned to them in those Acts,

Rules and Regulations.

68 | BOARD’S REPORT:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00012439)

S.No. Particulars

Year Ended

Year Ended

31st March, 31st March,

2023

2022

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

1. Speciﬁc Areas in which R & D is being carried out by

the Company

a) Process Development

(i) Somatic Cell Counter Test is conducted to detect

animal udder health.

(ii) Ensuring accurate and credible testing of Fat/SNF

content in the Milk being supplied by way of

installation of Eco Milk Analysers at various chilling

/collection centres.

(iii) To improve the quality of Ice Creams IQF has been

installed for quick hardening of Ice creams.

(iv) For Ice Cream Stick Bars and Cakes, world class fruit

preparations, fruit toppings, chocolate toppings and

in-house chocolate coatings recipes have been

developed.

(v) New recipes of International Standards for ice

creams, sorbets, yoghurt ice creams and extruded

ice cream products are under process.

b) Ongoing process of Product Diversiﬁcation

c) Constantly upgrading/enhancing Quality of Products

to be on a par with International Standards.

d) Food Safety Assurance: New instruments like 1)

ICP-OES Cost (Inductively Coupled Plasma–Optical

Emission Spectroscopy) being used for detecting trace

metals with a focus on heavy metals, the control of which

will go a long way in assuring safety of milk & milk

Products 2) Similarly, for detecting traces of major

Pesticides and Other harmful volatile Chemicals in Milk,

Milk Products, Water etc., Gas Chromatography is being

used. 3) UV Carry -60 Spectrophotometer for detection

of metals, amino-acids, and vitamins etc., UV Carry -60

Spectrophotometer is being used which help in

improving the nutritive value of milk & milk products.

Expenditure incurred on R&D are merged with

appropriate expenditure/capital accounts and not

shown separately. Please refer to the note given below

on R&D Expenditure.

2. Beneﬁts derived

Continuous upgradation of the quality of products has

resulted in better acceptance of the products by all

classes of consumers.

3. Future plan of action

More importance will be given on product/process

development/innovation, to bring down cost without

compromising on product quality and to achieve

international standards in quality and taste.

4. Expenditure on R & D*

(a)

Capital

: Nil

(b)

Recurring

: Nil

(c)

Total

: Nil

(d)

Total R & D Expenditures

a percentage of Total Turnover : Nil

* The expenditures incurred on R&D are merged with

the appropriate expenditure/capital accounts.

TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, ADAPTATION AND

INNOVATION

1. Efforts Made

The Company has undertaken efforts to absorb the best

available technology for processing of milk and

manufacturing milk related products like replacement of

existing

reciprocating

compressor

with

scroll

compressor in the refrigeration unit of our Bulk Coolers,

VFD installation for scroll compressor and also energy

purchase from windmills.

2. Beneﬁts

Absorption of the best technology reflects in the

Company’s products, which are clearly differentiated

from its competitors and its processes that consistently

deliver more with less expenditure. Due to the measures

taken above, there were considerable improvement in

compressor efficiency coupled with reduction in power

consumption and power cost.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO

71 | BOARD’S REPORT:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00012439):

Managing Director)

MR. K.S. THANARAJAN

(Non-Executive Director)

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

MR. P. VAIDYANATHAN

(Non-Executive Director)

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

MR. TAMMINEEDI BALAJI

(Independent Director)

Non-Executive

Independent Director

MR. S. SUBRAMANIAN

(Independent Director)

DR. CHALINI MADHIVANAN

(Independent Woman Director)

MR. D. SATHYANARAYAN

(Non-Executive Director)

Non-Executive

Independent Director

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

Non-Executive

Independent Director

MR. V.R.MUTHU

(Independent Director)

Non-Executive

Independent Director

MR. BALASUBRAMANIAN

THENAMUTHAN

(Independent Director)

Non-Executive

Independent Director

NUMBER OF

BOARD MEETINGS

DURING THE YEAR

2022-23

I. COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

The essence of Corporate Governance is the checks and balances

between the Board of Directors, Management and the Investors to

produce an efficiently functioning Organisation that can produce

long term value to all the Stakeholders. It is the system by which

business corporations are directed and controlled. Corporate

Governance structure specifies the distribution of rights and

responsibilities among different participants in the Company such as

the Board, Management, Shareholders and other Stakeholders and

specifies the rules and procedures for making decisions on

Corporate Affairs. Your Company has been, is and will be committed

to the best practices in Corporate Governance i.e., ensuring

ethically driven business process based on values, maximising value

of Shareholder in a sustainable way while ensuring fairness to all the

Stakeholders, Customers, Vendors, Employees both permanent and

on contract, Dealer partners, Farmers, Local, State and Central

Governments, Customers and the Society at large. Your Company

believes that, to enhance the value of all the Stakeholders, good

Corporate Governance is essential for achieving long-term

corporate goals. In this pursuit, your Company gives importance to

ensuring fairness, transparency and integrity of the management, in

order to protect the interests of all its stakeholders.

Your Company’s Board of Directors, Senior Management and all the

employees commit themselves to serve to the best interests of all

the Stakeholders- both individually in their respective positions in

the Organisation and as a Team. Your Board of Directors perceive

their role as trustees to the stakeholders in particular and the society

at large.

Strong leadership and the best Corporate Governance practices

have been the Company’s hallmark. The Company has adopted a

Code of Conduct for its employees including the: Managing Director

as well as for its Non-Executive Directors.

Your Company continues to focus on its resources, strengths and

strategies to achieve its vision of brand building, maximising

stakeholders’ return and developing people to deliver the same

while upholding the core values of excellence, integrity,

responsibility, unity and understanding, which are fundamentals to

the running of the Company’s business.

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Governance mechanism covers aspects related to composition

and role of the Board,

Managing Director on the Board of the Company

have decades of experience in the Dairy business and

are effective in implementation of various strategies

and running the business successfully and consistently.

Similarly, the Non-Executive Directors are Professionals

in their respective areas like Finance, Business,

Medicine, Engineering, Media, Statutory Compliance

etc., and are experienced in various fields including the

dairy industry and contribute their knowledge for the

effective running of the business of the Company.

5. The Board has met 8 (Eight) times during the year

and the gap between two meetings did not exceed

120 Days. The said Meetings were held on 27-Apr-22,

19-Jul-22, 22-Aug-22, 19-Sep-22, 19-Oct-22, 21-Nov

-22, 19-Jan-23 and 22-Feb-23. The necessary quorum

was present for all the meetings.

None of the Non-Executive Directors has any material

pecuniary relationship or transactions with the

Company.

Mr. C. Sathyan,: Managing Director is the son of Mr.

R.G. Chandramogan,

Managing Director/

Whole-time Directors:

a) The Remuneration/Commission etc. to be paid to: Managing

Managing Director (Member)

Mr. S. Subramanian - Independent Director (Member)

The Committee has been formed to assess the risks

associated with the operations of the Company, to

implement measures to minimise the risk and to

monitor the risk management plan of the Company.

During the year, the Committee met on 19-Jul-22,

19-Oct-22 and 19-Jan-23.:

Managing Director of the

Company.

NAME OF

THE DIRECTOR

CATEGORY

STATUS

NO. OF MEETINGS

TABLE 10: ATTENDANCE RECORD OF THE RIGHTS ISSUE

COMMITTEE

ATTENDED

R. G. Chandramogan Non-Executive Chairman

2

1

K. S. Thanarajan

Non-Executive Member

2

2

C. Sathyan

Executive

Member

2

2

S. Subramanian

Independent

Member

2

2

Chalini Madhivanan

Independent

Member

2

2

HELD

VII. INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS MEETING:

During the year under review, the Independent

Directors met once on 13th March, 2023 inter alia, to

discuss:

1. Evaluation of the performance of Non-Independent

Directors and the Board of Directors as a Whole;

2. Evaluation of the performance of the Chairman of

the Company, taking into account the views of the

Executive and Non-Executive Directors.

3. Evaluation of the quality, content and timelines of

flow of information between the management and

the Board that is necessary for the Board to

effectively and reasonably perform its duties.

All the Independent Directors were present at the

meeting.

•

Co-ordinating

its

activities

with

the

Audit

Committee in instances where there is any overlap

with audit activities (e.g. internal or external audit

issues relating to risk management policy or

practice).

Reporting and making regular recommendations to

the Board.

D. RIGHTS ISSUE COMMITTEE

The Board of Directors at their Meeting held on 19th

September, 2022 formed the Rights Issue Committee

comprising of five members of the Board namely Mr.

R.G. Chandramogan, Mr. C. Sathyan, Mr. K.S.

Thanarajan, Mr. S. Subramanian and Dr. Chalini

Madhivanan. The Committee was formed to decide

the terms and conditions of the Rights Issue including

the nature of security, issue size, issue price, timing of

the issue, rights entitlement ratio, record date and all

other matters related and incidental to the Rights Issue

in consultation with the Lead Manager to the Rights

Issue.

During the year, the Committee met twice on 3-Dec-22

and 14-Jan-23.

VIII. GENERAL BODY MEETINGS

Annual General Meeting

85 | REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director was initially fixed as effective from

1st April 2020 as per Regulation 17(1B) of SEBI (LODR)

Regulations, 2015. In accordance with the above said

Regulation,

the

Company

complied

with

the

requirement by appointing a Non-Executive Director

Mr. K.S. Thanarajan as Chairman of the Board w.e.f.,

21.06.2019. Even though the relaxation in this regard

was announced later by SEBI vide its Notification dated

10th January, 2020, deferring the implementation of

the above mentioned provision relating to separation

of roles of Chairman and: Managing Director by two

years i.e., 1st April, 2022, the Company was already

compliant in this regard. However, after the relaxation

announced by SEBI, at the Board Meeting held on

19.10.2020, Mr. K.S. Thanarajan, who was appointed as

Non-Executive

Managing Director has affirmed to the Board that

this Code of Conduct has been complied with by all the

Board Members and Senior Management Personnel.

Code for Prevention of Insider Trading Practices

The SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,

2015 as amended from time to time, provides for

governing the conduct of insiders, connected persons

and persons who are deemed to be connected persons

on matters relating to Insider Trading.

Regulation 9 (1) contained under Chapter IV of the

amended SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015 mandates listed companies and

Board of Directors or head(s) of the Organisation of

every intermediary to formulate a Code of Conduct

(hereinafter referred to as “Code”) to regulate,

monitor and report trading by its designated persons

and immediate relatives of designated persons

towards achieving compliance with these regulations

adopting the minimum standards as set out in the

Regulations.

The amended SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015 (“Regulations’) was effective from

November 24, 2022 to all the Designated Persons viz.,

Promoters, Directors, KMPs, Employees as specified

and Connected Persons and their Immediate Relatives

and extends to all activities within and outside an

individual’s duties at the Company.

In compliance with the above SEBI regulation on

Prevention of Insider Trading, the Company has

instituted a comprehensive code of conduct and Code

of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of

Unpublished Price Sensitive Information for its

management and staff. The code lays down guidelines,

which advises them on procedures to be followed and

disclosures to be made, while dealing with the shares

of the Company and cautioning them of the

consequences of violations. Dealing in the Company’s

shares by the Board Members and Senior Management

Personnel if any have been reported to the Committee

periodically.

Disclosure of accounting treatment in preparation of

ﬁnancial statements

The Company has followed the guidelines of

accounting standards laid down by the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) in preparation of

its financial statements.

CEO&CFO Certiﬁcation

CEO and CFO certification on the financial statements

and the cash flow statement for the year are enclosed

and they form part of this report.

X. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

The Company has its own website and all the vital

informations relating to the Company, including official

news releases and its performance including quarterly

results, quarterly shareholding pattern etc., are posted

on the website as per details furnished below:

Financial Results - https://www.hap.in/financial-results.php

Shareholding Pattern -

https://www.hap.in/shareholding-pattern.php

The quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results of

the Company are published in leading English and

Vernacular newspapers like The Financial Express (English

– All India edition) and The Makkal Kural (Tamil - Regional).

No separate presentations were made to institutional

investors or to the analysts.

The Management Discussion and Analysis have been

included and it forms part of this Annual Report.

The Company has no subsidiaries.

The Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report

(BRSR) has been included and it forms part of this Annual

Report.:

Managing Director

DIN: 00012439

95 | REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director and H. Ramachandran, Chief Financial Officer of Hatsun Agro Product Limited

hereby certify that:

1. We have reviewed the Audited financial statements for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2023 and that

to the best of our knowledge and belief:

a) these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain

statements that might be misleading;

b) these statements together present a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the

results of operations and cash flows. The financial statements have been prepared in conformity in all material

respects, with the existing generally accepted accounting principles, including accounting standards,

applicable laws and regulations.

2. There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the

year which are fraudulent, illegal or isolative of the Company’s code of conduct.

3. We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that

we have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial

reporting and we have disclosed to the auditors and the audit committee, deficiencies in the design or

operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to

take to rectify these deficiencies.

4. We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:

a) significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

b) significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the

notes to the financial statements; and

c) instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the

management or other employees having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over

financial reporting.

However during the year, there were no such changes or any such instances.

Sd/-

Sd/-

C. Sathyan

H. Ramachandran: Managing

Managing Director (DIN: 00012439) under the guidance of the Board of Directors and its Committees is

responsible for implementation and oversight of the Business Responsibility policies.

9. Does the entity have a speciﬁed Committee of the Board/Director responsible for decision making on

sustainability related issues? (Yes/No) - Yes.

If yes, provide details.

Risk Management Committee as the Board Committee is responsible for sustainability related issues.

10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:

11. Has the Company carried out independent assessment/evaluation of the working of its policies by an

external agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide name of the agency.

No. However all policies and processes are subject to audits/reviews done internally in the Company from time

to time.

12. If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:

All the principles are covered by the policies.

P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9

Subject for Review

Performance against

above policies and

follow up action

Compliance With

statutory requirements

of relevance to the

principles, and,

rectification of any

non-compliances

Indicate whether review was

undertaken by Director

/Committee of the Board

/Any other Committee

Frequency (Annually/Half

yearly/Quarterly/Any other

– please specify)

P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9

Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes

Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes

SECTION C

PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURES

PRINCIPLE 1. BUSINESSES SHOULD CONDUCT AND GOVERN THEMSELVES WITH INTEGRITY AND IN A

MANNER THAT IS ETHICAL, TRANSPARENT AND ACCOUNTABLE:

ESSENTIAL INDICATORS

1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the principles during the financial year:

During the year, the Board of Directors of the Company (including its committees) has invested time on various

updates comprising matters relating to an array of issues pertaining to the business, regulations, economy and

environmental, social and governance parameters.

Annually.

Annually.:

Managing Director only since the rest are Non-Executive

Directors. Sitting fees paid to Non-Executive Directors not included.

4. Do you have a focal point (Individual/Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues

caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes/No).

The Head of Human Resources is responsible for the human resources function and Chief Operating Officer shall

jointly oversee and address any issue arising from any human rights impact or issues caused or contributed to by

the business.

5. Internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to Human Rights issues.

The mechanism to redress grievances under human rights is same as for other grievances. On receipt of any

concern by through email,: letter, oral, etc., Human resources department will investigate and appropriate action

will be taken within the stipulated time.

6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:

Filed during

the year

Pending resolution

at the end of year

Remarks

Filed during

the year

Pending resolution

at the end of year

Remarks

Sexual Harassment

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Discrimination

at workplace

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Child Labour

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Forced Labour/

Involuntary Labour

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Wages

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Other human rights

related issues

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

FY 22 - 23

FY 21 - 22

7. Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.

The Company is committed to a workplace free of harassment, including sexual harassment at the workplace, and

has zero tolerance for such unacceptable conduct. HAP encourages reporting of any harassment concerns and is

responsive to complaints about harassment or other unwelcome or offensive conduct. Committees have been

constituted across locations to enquire into complaints of sexual harassment and to recommend appropriate

action. Regular awareness and training sessions are conducted to ensure that the employees are fully aware of the

aspects of sexual harassment and of the redressal mechanism.

8. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No).

Yes. Human rights requirements form a part of the Company’s business agreements and contracts as and where

relevant.

Male

Number

Board of

Managing Director

Membership No. 209252

DIN: 00012389

DIN: 00012439

Sd/-

Sd/-

H. Ramachandran

G. Somasundaram

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer

Company Secretary

Place: Chennai

Place: Chennai

Date: May 9, 2023

Date: May 9, 2023

AS AT

MARCH 31, 2023

AS AT

MARCH 31, 2022

NOTES

PARTICULARS

(iii) Trade payables - Total outstanding dues of:

18

• Micro enterprises and Small Enterprises

304.61

25.04

• Creditors other than Micro enterprises

and Small Enterprises

18,145.25

14,634.29

(iv) Other Financial liabilities

19

17,257.31

19,978.05

(b) Other current liabilities

21

7,290.07

6,435.99

(c) Provisions

20

1,217.00

821.31

Total Current Liabilities

1,19,323.38

1,41,097.13

Total Equity and Liabilities

3,75,082.46

3,54,166.65

BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2023

(All amounts in INR Lakhs except for share data or as otherwise stated)

139 | BALANCE SHEET:

Managing Director

Membership No. 209252

DIN: 00012389

DIN: 00012439

Sd/-

Sd/-

H. Ramachandran

G. Somasundaram

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer

Company Secretary

Place: Chennai

Place: Chennai

Date: May 9, 2023

Date: May 9, 2023

(II) Items to be reclassified to profit or loss in

subsequent periods:

Net movement in cash flow hedges - loss/(gain)

-

(40.06)

Income tax effect

-

13.99

Net items to be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss

in subsequent periods

-

(26.07)

(XIII) Total other comprehensive income for the year,

net of tax

140.45

131.64

(XIV) Total comprehensive income for the year (XI±XIII)

16,445.17

21,659.30

(XV) Earnings Per Equity Share Re. 1/- each

fully paid (March 31, 2022: Re. 1/- each fully paid)

for continuing operations

31

Computed on the basis of total profit for the year

Basic (Rs.)

7.54

11.26

Diluted (Rs.)

7.54

11.26

(XVI) Earnings Per Equity Share Re. 1/- each

fully paid (March 31, 2022: Re. 1/- each fully paid)

for discontinued operations:

Computed on the basis of total profit for the year

Basic (Rs.)

-

(1.38)

Diluted (Rs.)

-

(1.38)

(XVII) Earnings Per Equity Share Re. 1/- each

fully paid (March 31, 2022: Re. 1/- each fully paid)

for continuing and discontinued operations

Computed on the basis of total profit for the year

Basic (Rs.)

7.54

9.88

Diluted (Rs.)

7.54

9.88

FOR THE

YEAR ENDED

MARCH 31, 2023

FOR THE

YEAR ENDED

MARCH 31, 2022

PARTICULARS

NOTES:

Managing Director

Membership No. 209252

DIN: 00012389

DIN: 00012439

Sd/-

Sd/-

H. Ramachandran

G. Somasundaram

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer

Company Secretary

Place: Chennai

Place: Chennai

Date: May 9, 2023

Date: May 9, 2023

FOR THE YEAR ENDED

MARCH 31, 2023

FOR THE YEAR ENDED

MARCH 31, 2022

PARTICULARS

143 | CASH FLOW STATEMENT:

Managing Director

Membership No. 209252

DIN: 00012389

DIN: 00012439

Sd/-

Sd/-

H. Ramachandran

G. Somasundaram

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer

Company Secretary

Place: Chennai

Place: Chennai

Date: May 9, 2023

Date: May 9, 2023

Year

Changes in

Equity Share

Capital due to

Prior period errors

Restated balance

at the beginning of

the reporting year

Changes in Equity

Share capital

during the year

Balance at the

end of the

reporting year

2021 - 22

2,156.02

-

2,156.02

-

2,156.02

2022 - 23

2,156.02

-

2,156.02

71.85

2,227.87

Balance at

the beginning

of the year:

Managing Director. Interest rate on secured short term loans range from 4.35% to 7.68%

(March 31, 2022 - 4.05% to 7.40%) during the year.

Unsecured short term loans obtained from various bank carries an interest rate ranging from 4.00% to 8.50%

(March 31,2022 - 3.83% to 9.60% ) during the current year.

The Company had not committed any default in the repayment of loan or payment of interest.:

Managing Director

72,141.56

1,43,231.51

6) Rights issue of shares

Mr. R.G. Chandramogan

17,221.52

-

Mr. C. Sathyan

3,078.82

-

7) Payment for Registrar services

Integrated Registry Management Services Private Limited

8.10

5.02

183 | NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

DIN: 00012389

DIN: 00012439

Sd/-

Sd/-

H. Ramachandran

G. Somasundaram

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer

Company Secretary

Place: Chennai

Date: May 9, 2023

(ix) During the Financial year, the Company has not revalued any of its Property, Plant and Equipment, Right of Use

Asset and Intangible Assets

(x) The Company does not have any investment properties as at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 as defined in

Ind AS 40.

(xi) The Company has not granted any loans or advance in the nature of loans to promoters, directors, Key

Managerial Personnel and the related parties (as defined under Companies Act, 2013), either severally or jointly

with any other person.

48. In connection with the preparation of the financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023, the Board of

Directors have confirmed the propriety of the contracts/agreements entered into by/on behalf of the Company and

the resultant revenue earned/expenses incurred arising out of the same after reviewing the levels of authorisation

and the available documentary evidences and the overall control environment. Further, the Board of Directors have

also reviewed the realisable value of all the current assets of the Company and have confirmed that the value of

such assets in the ordinary course of business will not be less than the value at which these are recognised in the

financial statements. In addition, the Board has also confirmed the carrying value of the non-current assets in the

financial statements. The Board, duly taking into account all the relevant disclosures made, has approved these

financial statements in its meeting held on May, 09 2023 in accordance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.

49. Previous year’s figures have been regrouped/reclassified wherever applicable to facilitate comparability.

192 | NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

