Managing Director’s Statement

22

Our Financial Highlights

24

Segment Performance

24

Home Care

28

Beauty and Personal Care

32

Foods and Refreshment

36

ESG Highlights

40

Awards and Recognitions

42

Governance Overview

43

Governance Philosophy and Framework

46

Board of Directors and

Management Committee

48

Governance Highlights

50

Statutory Reports

50

Report of Board of Directors and

Management Discussion and Analysis

51

Our Fast-changing World

53

Stakeholder Engagement and Review

78

Risks and Opportunities

85

Financial Review and

Other Statutory Information

98

Annual Report on Corporate

Social Responsibility

106 Business Responsibility and

Sustainability Report

156 Corporate Governance Report

182 Secretarial Audit Report

185 Financial Statements

186 Standalone Financial Statements

264 Consolidated Financial Statements

346 Subsidiary Companies’ Financial Highlights

348 Notice of Annual General Meeting

348 Notice

366 Profile of Directors

372 Corporate Information:

Dear Shareholders,

In the Financial Year 2022-23, your Company Hindustan

Unilever Limited demonstrated a strong and resilient

performance. We completed the ninth consecutive

quarter of double-digit Underlying Sales Growth and

in the Financial Year, added nearly ₹8,000 crores to

our turnover, despite a volatile and high-inflationary

external environment. Our performance has been

especially impressive considering the challenges the

world faces today. Economic growth the world over

remains low as financial risks rise.

Against this backdrop, India comes out as a bright spot

in the global economy. Having completed 75 years of

independence, India is marching ahead at a fast pace

to take its place as one of the leading economies in the

world. The nation is undergoing a social and economic

transformation that is unmatched in history. It recently

became the 5th largest economy in the world with

sights now set on achieving the US$5 trillion GDP mark.

As the leading Fast Moving Consumer Goods company,

with brands that reach 9 out of 10 Indian households,

HUL is well placed to partner the India growth

story and is committed to play its role in creating a

sustainable and equitable future.

Being Agile, Responsive and Future-Fit

At HUL, we have always kept consumers at the heart of

everything we do. The last few years of the pandemic

coupled with the nation’s rapid digitisation journey

have had a significant impact on consumers. With

increased connectivity and access to information,

consumers have become more discerning, looking for

superior products that deliver value and demanding

brands with a purpose.

At HUL, we have been on a journey to strengthen

our digital backbone over the last few years. This

journey towards becoming an intelligent enterprise

will enable us to create a tech-powered and human-

centric solution that fits the complexity of the business

and emerging consumer needs – from sourcing to

manufacturing; from innovation to marketing and

reaching our consumers through channels of the

future. For instance, through digital tools, we are now

picking up consumer signals faster. We have setup

an Agile Innovation hub that helps in early trend

spotting, digital prototyping and deployment. This

significantly reduces the time from ideation to launch

of a new product. Leveraging our global repertoire

of knowledge in consumer insights and Research &

Development, we are devising solutions to address

evolving local needs with speed and agility.

We continue to contemporise and strengthen our iconic

core brands. Last year, Surf excel crossed the milestone

of being a US$1 billion brand. Lux was relaunched with

unique regional mixes and since then the brand has

been delivering stellar results. Our Skin Care brand

Pond’s has been leading the premiumisation agenda

with on-trend innovations and future formats. With a

very strong performance, both these brands crossed

₹2,000 crores turnover.

People and Planet Positive

We realise the importance of ensuring that the future

growth is inclusive and does not come at the cost of

the environment. We believe that to generate superior

long-term value, we need to look beyond just profits

and care for all our stakeholders – our consumers,

customers, suppliers & business partners, people,

shareholders and above all, the planet and society.

We have in fact integrated sustainability into our

business strategy and together with our robust

governance mechanism we are working towards ESG

(Environmental, Social and Governance) goals to lead

change. Our efforts in ESG have been acknowledged

and appreciated, making us one of the top ESG:

Managing Director’s Statement: Dear Shareholders,

Your Company Hindustan Unilever Limited delivered an

impressive performance in the Financial Year 2022-23.

In a challenging macroeconomic environment, marked

by geopolitical uncertainties, high commodity inflation

and tepid market growth, we delivered yet another

year of strong results. We kept our focus laser sharp on

meeting the evolving needs of our consumers and at

the same time, protecting our business model.

Our turnover at ₹58,154 crores grew 16% with

underlying volume growth of 5%. Growth was

significantly ahead of the market, leading to

handsome market share gains. EBITDA margin

remained healthy at 23.4% despite the unprecedented

inflation during the year. PAT at ₹9,962 crores and EPS

at ₹42.4 per share was up 13%. The Board of

Managing Director

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

21

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director (CEO & MD), and the Management Committee.

The Board is responsible for and committed to sound principles of Corporate Governance in the Company.

The Board plays a crucial role in overseeing how the management serves the short- and long-term interests of

shareholders and other stakeholders. This belief is reflected in our governance practices, under which we strive

to maintain an effective, informed, and independent Board. We keep our governance practices under continuous

review and benchmark ourselves to best practices across the globe. The Board is overall responsible for the

management, general affairs, strategic direction, and performance of the Company and is ably supported by the

Board Committees, the CEO & MD, and the Management Committee.

Board of Directors

The Board’s primary role is to ensure the long-term

sustainable success of the Company for the mutual benefit

of all stakeholders

Board Committees

The Board Committees play a crucial role in the governance structure

of the Company and have been constituted to deal with specific areas /

activities which concern the Company and need a closer review

CEO & MD and Management Committee

The CEO & MD, supported by the Management Committee, is responsible

for ensuring delivery of the Company’s strategy, business plans and

financial performance

Audit

Committee

Nomination

& Remuneration

Committee

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Committee

Environmental,

Social and

Governance

Committee

Stakeholders

Relationship

Committee

Risk

Management

Committee

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

44

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

Dr. Ashish Gupta

Independent

Director

Ms. Ashu Suyash

Independent

Director

Mr. Ranjay Gulati

Independent

Director

Note:

Mr. Rohit Jawa was appointed as the Additional Director – Whole-time Director of the Company

w.e.f. 1st April, 2023. Mr. Rohit Jawa will succeed Mr. Sanjiv Mehta as the: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Deepak Subramanian

Executive Director,

Home Care

Mr. Kedar Lele

Executive Director,

Customer Development

Note:

Mr. Madhusudhan Rao was appointed as Executive Director, Beauty and Personal Care w.e.f. 1st April, 2022.

Mr. Deepak Subramanian was appointed as the Executive Director, Home Care w.e.f. 1st July, 2022.

Mr. Yogesh Mishra was appointed as the Executive Director, Supply Chain w.e.f. 1st September, 2022 in succession to Mr. Wilhelmus Uijen.

The composition of the Management Committee referred to above is as on the date of this Integrated Annual Report.

Mr. Srinandan Sundaram

Executive Director,

Foods and Refreshment

Ms. Anuradha Razdan

Executive Director,

Human Resources

Mr. Rohit Jawa

Whole-time Director and

CEO-designate

Dr. Vibhav Sanzgiri

Executive Director,

Research and Development

Mr. Ritesh Tiwari

Executive Director, Finance & IT

and Chief Financial Officer

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

47

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director of the Company recused themselves

from all discussions relating to these transactions as

they are members of the Unilever Leadership Executive

and deemed to be interested in this matter.

Given the related party nature of the transactions, it

is important to establish that these transactions are

entered into on an arms’ length basis. Based on the

advice of the Audit Committee, the Company engaged

the services of M/s. Deloitte Haskins and Sells LLP for

conducting an independent benchmarking exercise of

the contract rate of trademark, technology, corporate

logo royalty and fees for central services in our industry

between unrelated parties. The benchmarking was

conducted at an element level i.e., individually for

trademark royalty, corporate logo royalty, technology

royalty and central service fees by comparing like to

like contract rates for each element. The benchmarking

exercise showed that the current and proposed rates

are competitive (at or below median) within the range

of comparable benchmarks. Further, there was a study

done to compare the proposed rates against that of

listed Indian FMCG peers, which again demonstrated

that HUL’s royalty and central services rates are lower

than the peer set as well.

After taking into account (i) business requirements

of the Company, benefits received by the Company,

detailed evaluation and due diligence led by senior

HUL Management, (ii) the royalty and central service

fee rates paid by similar FMCG peers, (iii) the external

consultant’s report showing HUL rates are competitive

within the benchmark range and (iv) approval and

recommendation of the Audit Committee, the new

royalty and central services arrangement effective

from 1st February, 2023, was duly approved by the

Board at its meeting held on 19th January, 2023

and will be in force for a period of 5 years. Overall,

the contracts propose a staggered increase over a

period of 3 years from c. 2.65% to c.3.45% of Turnover

to enable HUL to absorb the increase without

affecting investment:

• 45 bps increase in effective cost for February

to December 2023

• 25 bps further increase in effective cost for January

to December 2024

• 10 bps further increase in effective cost

from January 2025

Given that this was a related-party transaction, we

ensured that the highest norms of governance were

followed in addition to compliance with applicable

regulations. In line with the provisions of the Listing

Regulations, approval is sought from shareholders with

respect to the services-related transactions. For more

details, please refer pages 360 to 365.

We remain confident of continuing to deliver

Consistent, Competitive, Profitable and Responsible

(4G) growth and stay committed to our mid to long

term guidance of double-digit EPS growth despite the

increase in rates without any impact on our ability

to invest in growing our business. The new contracts

ensure continued benefits that HUL has been receiving

from Unilever in terms of a steady stream faster

innovations, superior products and technology, greater

expertise, and enhanced services which will equip HUL

to continue to win in the marketplace.

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

77

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director,

Chief Financial Officer, Audit Committee, and Risk

Management Committee.

For each of our principal risks, we have a risk

management framework detailing the internal controls

we have in place and who is responsible for managing

both the overall risk and the individual controls

mitigating that risk. Our assessment of risk considers

short and long term as well as internal and external

risks, including financial, operational, sectoral,

sustainability (particularly Environmental, Social and

Governance related risks), information, cyber security,

legal and compliance, and any other risks as may be

determined by the Company Leadership teams. How

the identified risks are changing as well as emerging

risk areas are reviewed on an ongoing basis, and

formally by Risk Management Committee and the

Board at least twice a year.

Processes

We engage in a wide range of processes and activities

across our operations covering strategy, planning,

execution, and performance management. Risk

management is integrated into every stage of the

business cycle. These procedures are formalised and

documented and are increasingly being centralised

and automated into transactional and other

information technology systems.

Risk and Internal Adequacy

The Board advised by the Risk Management

Committee, where appropriate, regularly reviews

the significant risks and decisions that could have a

material impact on HUL. These reviews consider the

level of risk that the Company is prepared to take in

pursuit of the business strategy and the effectiveness

of the management controls in place to mitigate

the risk exposure.

The Company’s internal control systems are

commensurate with the nature of its business and

the size and complexity of its operations. These are

routinely tested and certified by Statutory as well as

Internal Auditors and cover all offices, factories and

key business areas. Significant audit observations and

follow up actions thereon are reported to the Audit

Committee. The Audit Committee reviews adequacy

and effectiveness of the Company’s internal controls

environment and monitors the implementation of

audit recommendations, including those relating to

strengthening of the Company’s risk management

policies and systems.

Report of Board of Directors and

Management Discussion and Analysis

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

78

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer (CEO & MD) of the Company

for a term of five consecutive years with effect from

27th June, 2023.

(b)

the appointment of Mr. Ranjay Gulati (DIN: 10053369)

as an Additional Director - Independent Director of

the Company for a term of five consecutive years with

effect from 1st April, 2023.

The above-mentioned appointments are subject

to approval of the Members at the ensuing AGM

of the Company.

Mr. Rohit Jawa will succeed Mr. Sanjiv Mehta (DIN: 06699923)

as the CEO & MD and as the head of the Management

Committee of the Company with effect from 27th June,

2023. Since, Mr. Rohit Jawa is a Singapore National and has

a non-residential status, his appointment as the Whole-

time Director and as a CEO & MD of the Company shall also

be subject to Central Government approval.

Mr. Sanjiv Mehta will step down as the CEO & MD of the

Company with effect from the close of business hours on

26th June, 2023 after a transformational tenure of 10

years at the helm of the Company. During his tenure, the

business more than doubled its turnover, significantly

improved its profitability and the market capitalisation of

the Company increased more than four times from US$17

billion to US$75 billion.

The Board places on record its deep sense of appreciation

and gratitude to Mr. Sanjiv Mehta for his immense and

sustainable contribution to the business as the CEO & MD

of the Company, that led in reinforcing HUL as one of India’s

most valuable businesses.

Retirement

by

rotation

and

subsequent

re-appointment

Mr. Nitin Paranjpe (DIN: 00045204), Mr. Ritesh Tiwari

(DIN: 05349994) and Mr. Dev Bajpai (DIN: 00050516), are

liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing AGM and being

eligible have offered their candidature for re-appointment.

As per the provisions of the Act, the Independent Directors

are not liable to retire by rotation.

Brief resume, nature of expertise, disclosure of relationship

between directors inter-se, details of directorships and

committee membership held in other companies of the

Directors proposed to be appointed/re-appointed, along

with their shareholding in the Company, as stipulated

under Secretarial Standard-2 and Regulation 36 of the

Listing Regulations, is appended as an Annexure to the

Notice of the ensuing AGM.

Key Managerial Personnel

Mr. Sanjiv Mehta, CEO & MD, Mr. Ritesh Tiwari, Chief

Financial Officer and Mr. Dev Bajpai, Company Secretary

are the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company as on

31st March, 2023. During the FY 2022-23, there were no

changes to the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

Management Committee

The day-to-day management of the Company is vested

with the Management Committee, which is subjected to

the overall superintendence and control of the Board. The

Management Committee is headed by the CEO & MD and

has Functional/Business Heads as its members.

Report of Board of Directors and

Management Discussion and Analysis

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

92

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

letter to

departments of education across states. In 2022,

children became the torchbearers of this movement.

Children were nominated as H for Handwashing

Chief Education Officers (CEOs) to help create a real

impact by teaching thousands of other school children

handwashing habits. India’s youngest patent holder

NC Vishalini became the face of the campaign and

made a public plea to the Ministry of Education to

include H for Handwashing in school curriculums.

From 2010 to 2022, the Company has reached

out to over 75 million people in India through its

handwashing behaviour change initiatives. The

Company has been driving handwashing behaviour

change programmes in partnership with Global

Alliance for Vaccine Initiative (GAVI) and NGO

partners. Through the programmes, the practice of

using soap at critical occasions and awareness and

knowledge of ‘how visibly clean is not clean’ is spread

across communities, thereby protecting people

from infections.

ii.

Wellbeing and Nutrition Initiatives

The Company’s ‘Future Foods’ ambition demonstrates

our commitment to being a force for good. Our

Company is continuously working to improve its

products to help people transition towards healthier

diets. The Company aims to help people make the

transition to healthier eating by providing positive

nutrition. Foods that deliver positive nutrition are

defined as products containing impactful amounts

of vegetables, fruits, proteins, fiber, unsaturated

fatty acids or micronutrients such as vitamins, zinc,

iron and iodine.

The Company doubled the number of products

sold that deliver positive nutrition1. In line with the

Compass ESG Goals, the Company launched Kissan

Hazelnut Choco Peanut spread which is packed

with flavour and is an excellent source of protein.

Additionally, Chocolate Horlicks was relaunched

with a unique blend of four millets that are natural

sources of calcium, iron, protein and fiber, critical

for child growth.

In 2022, the Company partnered with the Zilla Parishad

of Pune to participate in the district Government’s mid-

day meal programme. Our iconic Health Food Drinks

(HFD) product, Horlicks will be added to existing take-

home rations. These will be provided to children across

4,600 anganwadi centres across the district, covering

nearly 1.45 lakhs children (aged 3 to 6).

Improve the health of the planet

The Company has taken several actions in the areas of

energy consumption, Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions,

reduction in waste and water from manufacturing, as

well as in sustainable sourcing. The details of these

initiatives are covered under Business Responsibility

Sustainable Reporting, that forms a part of this

Integrated Annual Report.

Contribute to a fairer, more socially inclusive world

i.

Dove Self-Esteem programme

Globally 8 out of 10 girls2 opt out of key life activities

when they do not feel good about the way they look.

In India, 6 out of 10 girls2 say they do not have high

body esteem. Dove’s mission is to ensure the next

generation grows up to enjoy a positive relationship

with the way they look to reach their full potential.

We are helping young people to build positive body

confidence and self-esteem. Being the largest

provider of self-esteem education, this project strives

to create a world where young people grow up feeling

1 Compared to 2019 baseline.

2 Claims are based on research conducted by Edelman Intelligence (2017). n = 5,165 girls aged 10-17 across 14 countries.

Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Activities

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

102

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

Mumbai, 27th April, 2023

(DIN: 06699923)

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

105

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Dear Stakeholders,

I am pleased to share our first Business Responsibility

and Sustainability Report (BRSR) for the Financial Year

2022-23. The report aims to enable our stakeholders

to know more about our sustainability performance.

Sustainability is ingrained in our purpose: ‘to make

sustainable living commonplace’. We are committed

to sustainable growth by delivering products that

meet the evolving needs of our consumers, while

minimising their impact on the environment. We

firmly believe that sustainability and profitability

go hand-in-hand.

Our Compass strategy charts a clear pathway for us

to embed sustainability into our multi-stakeholder

model and achieve our vision of becoming a leader

in sustainable business. To transform this vision

into reality, we have set forth a series of multi-year,

time-bound goals focused on vital areas, such

as climate action, protecting and regenerating

nature, waste-free world, positive nutrition, equity,

diversity, and inclusion, raising living standards,

and the future of work. These goals are anchored on

three fundamental pillars: improve the health of the

planet, improve people's health, confidence, and

wellbeing, and contribute to a fairer, more socially

inclusive world.

We have made significant progress against ‘HUL

Compass ESG Goals’. In our own manufacturing

operations, we have reduced our CO2 emissions by

97% (per tonne of production), water usage by 48%

(cubic meter per tonne of production) and total

waste generated from our factories by 55% (per

tonne of production) in FY 2022-23 compared to

2008 baseline. Hindustan Unilever Foundation (HUF)

along with its partners has created a cumulative and

collective water potential of over 2.6 trillion litres. In

Calendar Year 2021 and 2022, we have collected and

processed more plastic packaging than we used as

packaging materials for our products by maintaining

industry-leading standards for balanced pan-India

collection. We continue our food reformulation

strategy to become a force for good and are

committed to doubling the number of products sold

that deliver positive nutrition by 2025.

In 2022, we formed an Environmental, Social, and

Governance (ESG) Committee at the Board level

comprising four Independent Directors and one

Executive Director. The ESG Committee is responsible

for overseeing and guiding our ESG strategy,

performance and implementation. This includes

monitoring and reporting on our progress towards

‘HUL Compass ESG goals’, as well as ensuring that

our operations align with our purpose.

The Board acknowledges that sustainability is a

perpetual voyage and is steadfast in its resolve

to enhance our sustainability performance

continuously. We will persist in striving to attain

‘HUL Compass ESG Goals’ by promoting innovation

and collaboration throughout our value chain

and spearheading progress towards a more

sustainable future.

Sanjiv Mehta

Chief Executive Officer and: Managing

Letter in respect of the

agreed indicators/parameters listed below (the ‘Identified

Sustainability Indicators’). These indicators/parameters

are as included in the Business Responsibility and

Sustainability Report (BRSR) of the Company for the year

ended March 31, 2023; the reporting boundary being as

disclosed in Question 13 and Question 21 of Section A of the

BRSR with exceptions if any been disclosed as a note under

the respective questions under BRSR.

IDENTIFIED SUSTAINABILITY INDICATORS

The Identified Sustainability Indicators for the year ended

31 March 2023 (unless otherwise stated) are summarised in

Appendix 1 to this report.

Our limited assurance engagement is with respect to

the year ended March 31, 2023 information only. Further,

in respect of comparative previous year information

i.e., year ended March 31, 2022 reported in the Business

Responsibility and Sustainability Report for year ended

March 31, 2023 by the Company for indicators mentioned

in Appendix 1 (except those marked as ‘#’), we had issued a

separate limited assurance report dated 26 April 2023.

CRITERIA

The criteria used by the company is the ‘Guidance note for

BRSR format’ (referred to as the 'Criteria').

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

The Company’s Management is responsible for

identification of key aspects, engagement with

stakeholders, content and presentation of the Business

Responsibility and Sustainability Report in accordance

with the Criteria mentioned above. This responsibility

includes the design, implementation and maintenance of

internal control relevant to the preparation of the Business

Responsibility and Sustainability Report and measurement

of Identified Sustainability Indicators, which are free from

material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

INHERENT LIMITATIONS

The absence of a significant body of established practice

on which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial

information allows for different, but acceptable, measures

and measurement techniques and can affect comparability

between entities.

Non-financial performance information is subject to more

inherent limitations than financial information, given the

characteristics of the subject matter and the methods used

for determining such information. The precision of different

measurement techniques may also vary.

OUR INDEPENDENCE AND QUALITY CONTROL

We have complied with the independence and other

ethical requirements of the International Code of Ethics for

Professional Accountants issued by the International Ethics

Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code), which is

founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity,

professional competence and due care, confidentiality and

professional behavior

Our firm applies International Standard on Quality

Management and accordingly maintains a comprehensive

system of quality control including documented policies

and procedures regarding compliance with ethical

requirements, professional standards and applicable legal

and regulatory requirements.

OUR RESPONSIBILITY

Our responsibility is to express a limited assurance

conclusion on the Identified Sustainability Indicators,

based on the procedures we have performed and evidence

we have obtained. We conducted our limited assurance

engagement in accordance with International Standard

on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised)

Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of

Historical Financial Information and ISAE 3410 Assurance

Engagements On Greenhouse Gas Statements, issued by

the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board

(IAASB). These standards require that we plan and perform

this engagement to obtain limited assurance about

whether the Identified Sustainability Indicators are free

from material misstatement.

A limited assurance engagement involves assessing

the suitability in the circumstances of the Company’s

use of the Criteria as the basis for the preparation of the

Identified Sustainability Indicators, assessing the risks of

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

107

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

letter/ Scope of Assurance

• The statements that describe expression of opinion,

belief, aspiration, expectation, aim or future intentions

provided by the Company and testing or assessing any

forward-looking assertions and/or data.

LIMITED ASSURANCE CONCLUSION

Based on the procedures we have performed and the

evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our

attention that causes us to believe that the Company’s

Identified sustainability indicators included in the Business

Responsibility and Sustainability Report for the year ended

March 31, 2023 are not prepared, in all material respects, in

accordance with the criteria.

RESTRICTION ON USE

Our limited assurance report has been prepared and

addressed to the Members and Board of Directors of the

Company at the request of the company solely to assist

the company in reporting on the Company’s Sustainability

performance and activities. Accordingly, we accept

no liability to anyone, other than the Company. Our

deliverables should not be used for any other purpose or by

any person other than the addressees of our deliverables.

The Firm neither accepts nor assumes any duty of care or

liability for any other purpose or to any other party to whom

our Deliverables are shown or into whose hands it may

come without our prior consent in writing.

For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP

Firm Registration No: 012754N/500016

Chartered Accountants

Heman Sabharwal

Partner

Membership No.: 093263

Gurgaon, 27th April, 2023

UDIN: 23093263BGWPMZ2411

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

108

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director – Finance, IT & Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director – Legal &

Corporate Affairs and Company Secretary are part of Board of Directors

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

112

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director and

Management Committee on a quarterly basis. Our ESG Committee, chaired by an Independent Director & comprising a majority of Independent Directors, assists the

Board in overseeing the vision and focus on our strategy relating to ESG as well as monitoring the progress against the stated vision and reviewing the policies and

practices, initiatives and goals relating to ESG, ensuring that they remain effective.

For details, refer to ESG highlights section of the Integrated Annual Report at pages 36 to 39.

*P1: Code of Business Principles (CoBP), Policy on Conflict of Interest, Policy on Prevention of Insider

Trading (Share Dealing Code), Anti-corruption and Anti-bribery Policy, Board Familiarisation

Programme, Corporate Governance Code, Policy on Related Party Transactions, Whistle Blower

Policy, Policy for Determination of Materiality of Events, Code of Conduct for Board and Members

of Senior Management

P2: Responsible Partner Policy (RPP), Business Partner Code, Quality Policy

P3: CoBP, Safety & Health Policy, Equal Opportunity Policy, Disability Accommodation Policy, Parental

Leave Policy, Prevention of Sexual Harassment Policy (POSH), Affirmative Action Policy, Education

Assistance Policy, Reward Policy, Gender Transition Policy, Career Break Policy, Location flexibility

and Split Family Arrangement, Travel Policy for New Parents

P4: CoBP, CSR Policy, Corporate Governance Code

P5: CoBP, Prevention of Sexual Harassment Policy (POSH), Policy to Support Survivors of Abuse, Whistle

Blower Policy, Board Diversity Policy

P6: Environment, Health & Safety Policy, CoBP

P7: CoBP, Anti-trust and Fair Competition (as part of CoBP)

P8: Supplier Diversity & Inclusion Programme, CoBP, CSR Policy

P9: Cyber Security Policy, Data Privacy Policy, Quality Policy

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

118

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Dear Stakeholders,

I am pleased to share our first Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR) for the Financial

Year 2022-23. The report aims to enable our stakeholders to know more about our sustainability

performance.

Sustainability is ingrained in our purpose: ‘to make sustainable living commonplace’. We are committed

to sustainable growth by delivering products that meet the evolving needs of our consumers, while

minimising their impact on the environment. We firmly believe that sustainability and profitability go

hand-in-hand.

Our Compass Strategy charts a clear pathway for us to embed sustainability into our multi-stakeholder

model and achieve our vision of becoming a leader in sustainable business. To transform this vision

into reality, we have set forth a series of multi-year, time-bound goals focused on vital areas, such

as climate action, protecting and regenerating nature, waste-free world, positive nutrition, equity,

diversity, and inclusion, raising living standards, and the future of work. These goals are anchored on

three fundamental pillars: improve the health of the planet, improve people’s health, confidence, and

wellbeing, and contribute to a fairer, more socially inclusive world.

We have made significant progress against ‘HUL Compass ESG Goals’. In our own manufacturing

operations, we have reduced our CO2 emissions by 97% (per tonne of production), water usage by 48%

(cubic meter per tonne of production) and total waste generated from its factories by 55% (per tonne of

production) in FY 2022-23 compared to 2008 baseline. Hindustan Unilever Foundation (HUF) along with

its partners, has created a cumulative and collective water potential of over 2.6 trillion litres* since its

inception over the last decade. In Calendar Year 2021 and 2022, we have collected and processed more

plastic packaging than we used as packaging materials for our products by maintaining industry-leading

standards for balanced pan-India collection. We continue our food reformulation strategy to become a

force for good and are committed to doubling the number of products sold that deliver positive nutrition

by 2025.

In 2022, we formed an Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Committee at the Board level

comprising four Independent Directors and one Executive Director. The ESG Committee is responsible for

overseeing and guiding our ESG Strategy, performance and implementation. This includes monitoring

and reporting on our progress towards ‘HUL Compass ESG Goals’, as well as ensuring that our operations

align with our purpose.

The Board acknowledges that sustainability is a perpetual voyage and is steadfast in its resolve to

enhance our sustainability performance continuously. We will persist in striving to attain ‘HUL Compass

ESG Goals’ by promoting innovation and collaboration throughout our value chain and spearheading

progress towards a more sustainable future.

Sanjiv Mehta

Chief Executive Officer and: Managing

Managing Director (MD) of the Company. The Management

Committee of the Company is headed by the CEO & MD

and has business / functional heads as its members, who

manage the day-to-day affairs of the Company.

Composition

The Board of your Company comprises highly experienced

persons of repute, eminence and has a good and diverse

mix of Executive and Non-Executive Directors with

majority of the Board members comprising Independent

Directors including Independent Women Directors. The

Board composition is in conformity with the applicable

provisions of Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and Securities

and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing

Regulations) as amended from time to time. As on date

of this Integrated Annual Report, the Board consists of

twelve Directors comprising one Non-Executive and

Non-Independent Director designated as the Chairman,

seven Independent Directors including two Women

Directors, one Whole-time Director and three Executive

Directors including CEO & MD. The composition of the Board

represents an optimal mix of professionalism, knowledge

and experience and enables the Board to discharge its

responsibilities and provide effective leadership to the

business. The Board as part of its succession planning

exercise, periodically reviews its composition to ensure that

the same is closely aligned with the strategy and long- term

needs of the Company.

Corporate Governance Report

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

156

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director of the Company with effect

from the close of business hours on 26th June, 2023 after

a transformational tenure of 10 (ten) years at the helm of

the Company. During his tenure, the business more than

doubled its turnover, significantly improved its profitability

and the market capitalisation of the Company increased

more than four times from US$17 billion to US$75 billion. The

Board places on record their deep sense of appreciation

and gratitude to Mr. Sanjiv Mehta for his immense and

sustainable contribution to the business as the CEO & MD

of the Company, that led in reinforcing HUL as one of India’s

most valuable businesses.

The Board on the basis of recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, approved

the appointment of Mr. Rohit Jawa (DIN: 10063590) as a

Whole-time Director effective 1st April, 2023 till 26th June,

2023 and as a successor to Mr. Sanjiv Mehta as the MD &

CEO for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect from

27th June, 2023 upto 26th June, 2028 subject to approval

of the Shareholders and other statutory approvals as

may be applicable.

During the year, based on the recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board

also approved the appointment of Mr. Ranjay Gulati

(DIN: 10053369) as an Additional Director – Independent

Director of the Company, for a term of 5 (five) consecutive

years with effect from 1st April, 2023 to 31st March, 2028

subject to approval of the Shareholders.

As per the provisions of Regulation 17 of Listing

Regulations, approval of Shareholders, for appointment

of Directors on the Board shall be taken either at the next

General Meeting or within a time period of three months

from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. The

proposals seeking approval of the Shareholders for

appointment of Mr. Rohit Jawa and Mr. Ranjay Gulati form

a part of the Notice in this Integrated Annual Report at

pages 348 and 349.

The details of each Member of the Board along with the

number of Directorship(s)/Committee Membership(s)/

Chairmanship(s), date of joining the Board and their

shareholding in the Company are provided herein below:

Composition and Directorship(s), Committee Membership(s), Chairmanship(s) and number of

other Board and Committees as on 31st March, 2023:

Name and Category

Date of

joining the

Board

Number of

shares held in

the Company

Directorship(s)

in other

Companies#

Membership(s)

of Committees

of other

Companies##

Chairmanship(s)

of Committees

of other

Companies##

Non-Executive Chairman

Nitin Paranjpe

31.03.2022

1,24,509

-

-

-

Chief Executive Officer &: Managing Director

Sanjiv Mehta

01.10.2013

1,410

1

1

-

Executive Director, Finance & IT and

Chief Financial Officer

Ritesh Tiwari

01.05.2021

2,630

1

-

-

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate Affairs

and Company Secretary

Dev Bajpai

23.01.2017

51,576

1

-

-

Independent Directors

O. P. Bhatt

20.12.2011

245

4

4

-

Sanjiv Misra

08.04.2013

-

-

-

-

Kalpana Morparia

09.10.2014

-

1

2

1

Leo Puri

12.10.2018

-

1

-

-

Ashish Gupta

31.01.2020

-

2

-

-

Ashu Suyash

12.11.2021

-

1

2

1

# Excluding Private Limited Companies, Foreign Companies, Section 8 Companies and Alternate Directorships.

## Includes only Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee.

None of the Directors of your Company are related to each other.

The names of the listed entities along with the

category of Directorship for all the Directors forms

part of Profile of Directors from pages 366 to 371 of this

Integrated Annual Report.

The number of Directorship(s), Committee Membership(s),

Managing Director and

Independent Directors, of the Company, are liable to retire

by rotation at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) each year

and, if eligible, offer their candidature for re-appointment.

The Executive Directors on the Board have been appointed

as per the provisions of the Act and serve in accordance

with the terms of employment with the Company.

None of the Independent Director(s) of the Company

resigned before the expiry of their tenure.

As regards the appointment and tenure of Independent

Directors, following is the policy adopted by the Board:

• The Company has adopted the provisions with respect to

appointment and tenure of Independent Directors which

are consistent with the Act and Listing Regulations.

• In keeping with progressive governance practices, your

Company shall, for the purpose of determining the

composition of the Board, treat all Independent Directors

who are appointed from the Financial Year 2022-23 and,

thereafter, and who complete ten years on the Board, as

Non-Independent and ineligible for appointment as an

Independent Director(s) for any period thereafter.

Any person who becomes Director or Officer, including an

employee who is acting in a managerial or supervisory

capacity, shall be covered under Directors’ and Officers’

Liability Insurance Policy. The Policy shall also covers

those who serve as a Director, Officer or equivalent of

an outside entity at Company’s request. The Company

has provided insurance cover in respect of legal action

against its Directors under the Directors’ and Officers’

Liability Insurance.

Board Meetings

The Board meets at regular intervals to discuss and decide

on Company/Business policy and strategy apart from

other Board businesses. The Board/Committee Meetings

are pre-scheduled and a tentative annual calendar of

the Board and Committee Meetings is circulated to the

Directors well in advance to facilitate them to plan their

schedule and to ensure meaningful participation in the

Meetings. However, in case of a special and urgent business

need, the Board’s approval is taken by passing resolutions

through circulation, as permitted by law, which are noted

and confirmed in the subsequent Board Meeting.

The Board agenda generally includes consideration of

important corporate actions and events including:

• quarterly and annual results announcements;

• oversight of the performance of the business;

• declaration of dividends;

• development and approval of overall business strategy;

• Board succession planning;

• review of the functioning of the Committees; and

• other strategic, transactional and governance matters

as required under the Act, Listing Regulations and other

applicable legislations.

The Notice of Board/Committee Meetings is given well in

advance to all the Directors. Usually, Meetings of the Board

are held in Mumbai. The Agenda of the Board/ Committee

Meetings is set by the Company Secretary in consultation

with the Chairman of the Company. The Agenda is

circulated a week prior to the date of the Meeting. The

Board Agenda includes an Action Taken Report comprising

actions emanating from the Board Meetings and status

updates thereof. The Agenda for the Board and Committee

Meetings covers items set out as per the guidelines in Listing

Regulations to the extent it is relevant and applicable. The

Agenda for the Board and Committee Meetings includes

detailed notes on the items to be discussed at the Meeting

to enable the Directors to take an informed decision. Video/

Audio-conferencing facilities are also used to facilitate

Directors travelling or located at other locations to

participate in the Meetings.

Prior approval from the Board is obtained for circulating the

Agenda items with shorter notice for matters that form part

of the Board and Committee Agenda and are considered to

be in the nature of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information.

Board Commitment

All Directors are expected to attend each Board Meeting

and each Committee Meeting of which they are members,

unless there are exceptional reasons preventing them

from participating. Only members of the Committees are

entitled to attend Committee Meetings, but others may

attend at Committee Chair’s discretion.

During the Financial Year 2022-23, eight Board Meetings

were held on 4th & 5th April, 2022 (Strategy Meeting),

27th April, 2022, 19th July, 2022, 21st October, 2022,

24th November, 2022, 19th January, 2023, 17th February,

2023 and 10th March, 2023. The interval between any two

Board Meetings was well within the maximum allowed gap

of 120 days. During the year, the Board also transacted

some of the business by passing resolutions by circulation.

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

158

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Letter of

Appointment is issued to them.

In the Board Meetings, immersion sessions deal with

different parts of the business and bring out all facets

of the business besides the shape of the business. These

immersion sessions provide a good understanding of the

business to the Directors. Similar immersion sessions are

also convened for various functions of the Company. These

sessions are also an opportunity for the Board to interact

with the next level of management. To make these sessions

meaningful and insightful, pre-reads are circulated in

advance. Deep dive sessions are also organised on specific

subjects for better appreciation by the Board of its impact

on the business. There are opportunities for Independent

Directors to interact amongst themselves every quarter and

many themes for such immersion sessions come through on

account of these structured interactions and Meetings of

Independent Directors. The process of Board Evaluation also

throws up areas where the Board desires focused sessions.

Strategy Sessions

Every year Board Strategy Sessions are organised which

provide the Board an opportunity to understand Company’s

footprint in a market and also interact with Company’s

leadership and business teams in that market. The Strategy

Session focuses on the strategy for the future and covers all

parts of the business and functions, the course corrections,

if any, required to be undertaken and gives a good

perspective of the future opportunities and challenges.

For the Financial Year 2022-23, two full day Board Strategy

Session was conducted on 10th and 11th April, 2023 at

Sumerpur and Lucknow. As part of the Strategy Session,

the Board visited the Sumerpur factory of the Company,

wherein they were taken through the operations at the

factory, the expansion plans and the transformation

activities, safety performance at the plant, quality controls,

cost and service excellence and the people related

processes that is being followed at the factory. The Board

was also apprised about the community engagement

conducted through the Corporate Social Responsibility

(CSR) programme around the factory premises under

the Project Prabhat. Further, detailed presentations on

key topics concerning the overall Company’s strategy

including strategy for the business and functional divisions

of the Company, were made to the Board.

The details of training programmes attended

by Independent Directors are available on the

website at https://www.hul.co.in/investor-relations/

corporate-governance/.

Board Evaluation

In terms of the requirement of the Act and the Listing

Regulations, an annual performance evaluation of the

Board is undertaken where the Board formally assesses its

own performance with the aim to improve the effectiveness

of the Board and the Committees. The Board along with

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee has laid

down the criteria of performance evaluation of Board, its

Committees and Individual Directors which is available

on the website of the Company at https://www.hul.co.in/

investor-relations/corporate-governance/.

For Independent Directors, evaluation is carried out based

on the criteria viz.

• the considerations which led to the selection of the

Director on the Board and the delivery against the same;

• contribution made to the Board / Committees;

• attendance at the Board / Committee Meetings;

• impact on the performance of the Board / Committees;

• instances of sharing best and next practices, engaging

with top management team of the Company;

• active participation in long-term strategic planning.

During the year, Board Evaluation exercise which included

the evaluation of the Board as a whole, Board Committees

and Peer Evaluation of the Directors was conducted

by an Independent External Agency - Egon Zehnder, a

leadership advisory firm on Board matters. The evaluation

process focused on effectiveness of the Board, Board

dynamics, Board Meetings and procedures, Committee

effectiveness, succession planning and flow of information

to the Board and Committees. The evaluation methodology

included techniques such as detailed questionnaires

covering various parameters relevant for the Board

and Committees and one-on-one discussion with the

Directors. Separate exercise was carried out to evaluate the

performance of individual Directors on parameters such

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

160

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

letter of confirmation, as the case may

be, as a result of transfer, transmission, consolidation, split

or in lieu of share certificates lost, defaced or destroyed.

The Committee meets generally on a weekly basis to

ensure that share transfers and other related requests

are registered and actioned within a period of fifteen days

from the date of receipt thereof.

Committee for Allotment of Shares under ESOPs

The Committee for Allotment of Shares under ESOPs has

been constituted for approval, issue and allotment of

shares under ESOP Schemes. The Committee comprises

three Executive Directors of the Board and is constituted

to expedite the process of allotment and issue of shares

to eligible employees under the Stock Option Plan

of the Company.

Administrative Matters Committee

The Administrative Matters Committee has been set up to

oversee routine operations that arise in the normal course

of the business, such as decision on banking relations,

delegation of operational powers, appointment of

nominees under statutes, etc. The Committee comprises

three Executive Directors of the Board.

Committee for approving Disposal of Surplus Assets

The Committee for approving Disposal of Surplus Assets

has been set up and entrusted with the responsibility

of identifying the surplus assets of the Company and to

authorise sale and disposal of such surplus property. The

Committee is fully authorised to take necessary steps to

give effect to sale and transfer of the ownership rights,

interest and title in such identified properties, for and on

behalf of the Company. The Committee comprises three

Executive Directors of the Board.

GOVERNANCE OF SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

The minutes of the Board Meetings of the subsidiary

companies along with the details of significant transactions

and arrangements entered into by the subsidiary

companies are shared with the Board of Directors on a

quarterly basis. The Financial Statements of the subsidiary

companies are presented to the Audit Committee. The

Company does not have a material subsidiary as on the

date of this Integrated Annual Report, having an income

or net worth exceeding 10% of the consolidated income or

net worth respectively, of the Company. The information

in respect of the loans and advances in the nature of

loans to subsidiaries pursuant to Regulation 34 of the

Listing Regulations is provided in Notes to the standalone

Financial Statements.

COMPANY POLICIES

Environmental, Social and Governance Policy

The Company’s ESG Policy is driven by the vision to be a

leader in sustainable business. The Company envisions

integration of ESG aspects into the business operations

which will help in generating superior long-term value, and

reducing risks faced by the business. Through this Policy, the

Company aims to define the position on ESG matters and

guide employees on the manner to integrate ESG aspects

in their decision making processes relating to activities of

the Company. The ESG Policy is available on the website of

the Company at https://www.hul.co.in/investor-relations/

corporate-governance/.

Code of Business Principles and Whistle Blower

Policy

The Code of Business Principles (the Code) is the

Company’s statement of values and represents the

standard of conduct which all employees are expected to

observe in their business endeavours. The Code reflects

the Company’s commitment to principles of integrity,

transparency and fairness. It forms the benchmark against

which the world at large is invited to judge the Company’s

activities. The copy of the Code is available on the website

of the Company at https://www.hul.co.in/planet-and-

society/business-integrity/.

The Company has adopted a Whistle Blower Policy, as

part of Vigil Mechanism to provide appropriate avenues

to all individuals associated with the Company to bring

to the attention of the Management any issue which

is perceived to be in violation of or in conflict with the

Code of the Company. The Company has provided

dedicated e-mail addresses kalpana.morparia@unilever.

com and cobp.hul@unilever.com for reporting such

concerns. Alternatively, individuals can also send written

communications to the Company. The employees are

encouraged to voice their concerns by way of Whistle

Blowing and all the employees have been given access to

the Audit Committee. The Policy provides an avenue to every

employee and every person as defined therein to report

concerns directly to the Management or to the Chairperson

of the Audit Committee. The Company Secretary is the

designated officer for effective implementation of the

Policy and dealing with the complaints registered under

the Policy. All cases, registered under the Code and the

Whistle Blower Policy of the Company, are reported to the

Management Committee and are subject to the review of

the Audit Committee. The Whistle Blower Policy is available

on the website of the Company at https://www.hul.co.in/

investor-relations/corporate-governance/.

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

169

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Letter of

Confirmation (LOC)’ in lieu of physical share certificate(s).

The LOC shall be valid for a period of one hundred

twenty days from the date of issuance within which the

Member/Claimant shall make a request to the Depository

Participant for dematerialising the said shares. In case, the

demat request is not submitted within the aforesaid period,

the shares shall be credited to the Company’s Suspense

Escrow Demat Account.

In accordance with the above, during the year, the

Company transferred 11,980 shares to its Suspense Escrow

Demat Account. Members / claimants can claim back the

said shares by submitting the required documents to RTA

as per SEBI Advisory dated 30th December, 2022.

Distribution of Shareholding as on 31st March, 2023

S.

No.

Category (Amount)

Shareholders

Shares

Number

%

Number

%

1.

1 - 5,000

11,15,871

98.93

14,30,99,767

6.09

2.

5,001 - 10,000

6,542

0.58

4,59,19,196

1.95

3.

10,001 - 20,000

3,043

0.27

4,20,65,739

1.79

4.

20,001 - 30,000

824

0.07

1,99,07,734

0.85

5.

30,001 - 40,000

365

0.03

1,25,01,076

0.53

6.

40,001 - 50,000

231

0.02

1,03,24,034

0.44

7.

50,001 - 100,000

401

0.04

2,83,20,059

1.21

8.

10,0001 & Above

705

0.06

2,04,74,53,657

87.14

Total

11,27,982

100.00

2,34,95,91,262

100.00

61.90%

1,45,44,12,858

Unilever and its Associates

No. of Folios: 7

11.20%

26,30,72,353

Resident Individuals & Others

No. of Folios: 10,98,056

0.01%

1,80,125

Directors and their Relatives*

No. of Folios: 5

4.30%

10,10,89,138

Mutual Funds & Unit Trust of India

No. of Folios: 409

4.61%

10,84,28,265

Insurance Companies

No. of Folios: 51

0.10%

24,14,113

Financial Institutions/Banks

No. of Folios: 122

14.36%

33,74,65,437

Foreign Portfolio Investors

No. of Folios: 1,373

2.90%

6,82,49,631

Bodies Corporate

No. of Folios: 3,292

0.61%

1,42,79,342

NRIs/Foreign Bodies Corporate/Foreign Nationals

No. of Folios: 24,667

Categories of Shareholders as on 31st March, 2023

* includes 1,24,509 shares held by Mr. Nitin Paranjpe, Chairman who is a Non-Resident Indian.

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

174

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Letter of Confirmation in lieu of the share certificate while

processing any of the aforesaid investor service requests.

Simplified Norms for processing Investor Service

Requests

SEBI, vide its Circular dated 3rd November, 2021, as

amended from time to time, had made it mandatory for

holders of physical securities to furnish PAN, KYC and

Nomination/Opt-out of Nomination details to avail any

investor service. The timeline provided by SEBI to furnish

/ update the above details was 31st March, 2023, which

has now been extended till 30th September, 2023. Folios

wherein any one of the above mentioned details are not

registered by 1st October, 2023 shall be frozen. Members

who are yet to update their KYC details are therefore

urged to furnish PAN, KYC and Nomination/Opt-out of

Nomination by submitting the prescribed forms duly

filled, by email from their registered email id to einward.

ris@kfintech.com or by sending a physical copy of the

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

176

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

Executive Director - Finance & IT

and Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, 27th April, 2023

DIN: 06699923

DIN: 05349994

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

180

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

letter dated 29 July 2019 and addendum to

the engagement: letter dated 20 July 2020.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Hindustan Unilever Limited

(‘the Company’), for the year ended 31 March 2023, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of regulation

46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time (‘Listing Regulations’) pursuant to the

Listing Agreement of the Company with Stock Exchanges.

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under the listing regulations is the

responsibility of the Company’s Management including the preparation and maintenance of all the relevant

records and documents. This responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal

control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance stipulated in the

Listing Regulations.

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY

4.

Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the

compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the

financial statements of the Company.

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance

whether the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations

for the year ended 31 March 2023.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance compliance by the Company in accordance

with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note on

Certification of Corporate Governance both issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the ‘ICAI’),

in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate. The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical

requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality

Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and

Related Services Engagements.

OPINION

8.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that

the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned

Listing Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

RESTRICTION ON USE

10.

The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling the

Company to comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not be used by any other person

or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other

purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior

consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

Aniruddha Godbole

Partner

Membership No:105149

Mumbai, 27th April, 2023

UDIN: 23105149BGYFRD2968

Certificate of Compliance with the Corporate Governance

Independent Auditor’s Certificate on compliance with the Corporate Governance requirements under SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

181

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part

of this report.

For S. N. Ananthasubramanian & Co.

Company Secretaries

ICSI Unique Code: P1991MH040400

Peer Review Cert. No.: 606/2019

S. N. Ananthasubramanian

Partner

Thane,

FCS: 4206 | COP No.: 1774

27th April, 2023

ICSI UDIN: F004206E000201788

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

183

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer

Executive Director, Finance & IT and Chief

Financial Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Ravishankar A.

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

(All amounts in ₹ crores, unless otherwise stated)

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

199

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer

Executive Director, Finance & IT and Chief

Financial Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Ravishankar A.

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

(All amounts in ₹ crores, unless otherwise stated)

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

201

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer

Executive Director, Finance & IT and Chief

Financial Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Ravishankar A.

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

Reserves and Surplus

Items of Other Comprehensive

Income (OCI)

Capital

Reserve

Capital

Redemption

Reserve

Securities

Premium

Employee

Stock Options

Outstanding

Account

Retained

Earnings

Other

Reserves

Debt

instruments

through

OCI

Cash flow

Hedges

through

OCI

Total

As at 1st April, 2022 *

4

6

40,352

-

8,135

9

(1)

20

48,525

Profit for the year

-

-

-

-

9,962

-

-

-

9,962

Other comprehensive

income for the year

-

-

-

-

(13)

-

(1)

(12)

(26)

Total

comprehensive

income for the year

-

-

-

-

9,949

-

(1)

(12)

9,936

Hedging loss/(gain)

transferred to non-

financial assets (net)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(14)

(14)

Dividend on equity

shares for the year

(Note: 36)

-

-

-

-

(8,459)

-

-

-

(8,459)

Deferred Tax on Stamp

duty (Refer note 9A)

-

-

(2)

-

-

-

-

-

(2)

As at 31st March, 2023

4

6

40,350

-

9,625

9

(2)

(6)

49,986

* There are no changes in other equity due to prior period errors

Refer note 18B for nature and purpose of reserves

(All amounts in ₹ crores, unless otherwise stated)

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

203

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer

Executive Director, Finance & IT and Chief

Financial Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Ravishankar A.

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

(All amounts in ₹ crores, unless otherwise stated)

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

205

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer

Executive Director, Finance & IT and Chief

Financial Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Ravishankar A.

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

(All amounts in ₹ crores, unless otherwise stated)

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

263

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer

Executive Director, Finance & IT and Chief

Financial Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Ravishankar A.

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

(All amounts in ₹ crores, unless otherwise stated)

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

275

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer

Executive Director, Finance & IT and Chief

Financial Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Ravishankar A.

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

(All amounts in ₹ crores, unless otherwise stated)

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

277

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer

Executive Director, Finance & IT and

Chief Financial Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Ravishankar A.

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

279

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer

Executive Director, Finance & IT and Chief

Financial Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Ravishankar A.

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

(All amounts in ₹ crores, unless otherwise stated)

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

281

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Letter of Comfort (‘LOC’) has been

issued to the Group by the UP government assuring availability of incentives (subject to meeting prescribed conditions)

under the 2020 Policy. During the year, the Group has recognised nil incentives as it has excess input tax credit.

NOTE 16 ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

Non-current assets or disposal groups comprising of assets and liabilities are classified as ‘held for sale’ when all the

following criteria are met: (i) decision has been made to sell, (ii) the assets are available for immediate sale in its present

condition, (iii) the assets are being actively marketed and (iv) sale has been agreed or is expected to be concluded within

12 months of the Balance Sheet date.

Subsequently, such non-current assets and disposal groups classified as ‘held for sale’ are measured at the lower of its

carrying value and fair value less costs to sell. Non-current assets held for sale are not depreciated or amortised.

As at

31st March, 2023

As at

31st March, 2022

Group of assets held for sale

Land

2

2

Buildings

10

11

Furniture and fixtures

0

0

Total

12

13

(All amounts in ₹ crores, unless otherwise stated)

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

303

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Letter of credit and acceptances

12

0

NOTE 27 REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS

Sale of products:

Revenue from sale of goods is recognised when control of the products being sold is transferred to our customer and

when there are no longer any unfulfilled obligations. The Performance Obligations in our contracts are fulfilled at the

time of dispatch, delivery or upon formal customer acceptance depending on terms with customers.

Revenue is measured on the basis of contracted price, after deduction of any trade discounts, volume rebates and any

taxes or duties collected on behalf of the Government such as Goods and Services Tax, etc. Accumulated experience is

used to estimate the provision for such discounts and rebates. Revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is highly

probable a significant reversal will not occur.

(All amounts in ₹ crores, unless otherwise stated)

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

313

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer

Executive Director, Finance & IT and Chief

Financial Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Ravishankar A.

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

(All amounts in ₹ crores, unless otherwise stated)

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

345

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer

Executive Director, Finance & IT and Chief

Financial Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 05349994]

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Ravishankar A.

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2023

(All amounts in ₹ crores, unless otherwise stated)

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

347

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Value

Creation

Corporate

Overview

Performance

Overview

Governance

Overview

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

of the Company:

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following

resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section

196,197 and 198 read with Schedule V and all other

applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013,

(the Act) and the Rules made thereunder and the

applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing

Regulations) (including any statutory modification(s)

or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force),

the provisions of the Articles of Association of the

Company and based on the recommendations of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the

Board of Directors of the Company, approval of the

Members be and is hereby accorded for appointment

of Mr. Rohit Jawa (DIN: 10063590) as: Managing

letter mentioning the

name and address of the Member, self-attested

copy of the Permanent Account Number (PAN) card,

and self-attested copy of any document (eg.: Driving

License, Voter Identity card, Passport, Aadhaar card)

in support of the address of the Member. Members

holding shares in dematerialised (demat) mode are

requested to register/update their e-mail id with

the relevant DPs. In case of any queries/difficulties

in registering the e-mail id, Members may write to

levercare.shareholder@unilever.com.

8.

The Notice of 90th AGM along with the Integrated

Annual Report for the FY 2022-23, is available on

the website of the Company at www.hul.co.in, on

the website of Stock Exchanges i.e., BSE Limited and

National Stock Exchange of India Limited and on the

website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com.

PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND E-VOTING

DURING THE AGM:

9.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act

read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management

and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended),

Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations (as amended)

and applicable circulars, the Company is pleased to

provide the facility to Members to exercise their right

to vote on the resolutions proposed to be passed

at AGM by electronic means. For this purpose, the

Company has entered into an agreement with

National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL),

as the authorised agency for facilitating voting

through electronic means. The facility of casting

votes by a Member using remote e-voting system

as well as e-voting on the date of the AGM will be

provided by NSDL.

10.

The Members, whose names appear in the Register

of Members/list of Beneficial Owners as on Monday,

19th June, 2023 i.e., a day prior to commencement of

book closure date, being the cut-off date, are entitled

to vote on the Resolutions set forth in this Notice. The

voting right of Members shall be in proportion to

their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the

Company as on the cut-off date. A person who is not a

Member as on the cut-off date should treat this Notice

of AGM for information purpose only.

11.

Members may cast their votes on electronic

voting system from any place (remote e-voting).

The remote e-voting period will commence at

9.00 A.M. (IST) on Wednesday, 21st June, 2023 and

will end at 5.00 P.M. (IST) on Sunday, 25th June, 2023.

In addition, the facility for voting through e-voting

Notice of Annual General Meeting

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

350

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer, and the Non-Executive and

Non-Independent Chairman of the Company are

subject to retirement by rotation at every AGM.

Accordingly, the following directors are liable to retire

by rotation at the ensuing AGM:

•

Mr. Nitin Paranjpe (DIN: 00045204);

•

Mr. Dev Bajpai (DIN: 00050516);

•

Mr. Ritesh Tiwari (DIN: 05349994).

Mr. Nitin Paranjpe was appointed as a Non-Executive

Director and designated as Chairman of the

Notice of Annual General Meeting

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

356

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Letter of Appointment for Independent

Directors is available for inspection as per the procedure of

inspection details provided in point no. 24 of the Notice of

AGM. The remuneration payable to Mr. Ranjay Gulati shall

be linked to the factors like chairmanship of committees,

membership of committees etc. and shall be governed by

the Differential Remuneration Policy of the Company and

the Members approval dated 23rd June, 2022.

Mr. Ranjay Gulati, being the appointee, is interested in the

resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the Notice. Further, his

relatives are also deemed to be interested in the resolution,

to the extent of their shareholding in the Company, if any.

Save and except the above, none of the Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel and their relatives are in any way,

concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the

proposed resolution.

The Board firmly believes that Mr. Ranjay Gulati’s

knowledge coupled with deep understanding of cultivating

a winning mindset while keeping purpose at the heart,

will surely help the Company steer further ahead in its

future-fit journey. The Board of Directors based on the

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee considers the appointment of Mr. Ranjay Gulati

as an Independent Director in the interest of the Company

and recommends the Special Resolution as set out at Item

No. 6 for approval of Members.

Item Nos. 7 and 8

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors had,

at their meeting held on 10th March, 2023, approved the

appointment of Mr. Rohit Jawa (DIN:10063590) as an

Additional Director of the Company in the capacity of:

EXPLANATORY STATEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SPECIAL BUSINESS PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF

THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013:

Notice of Annual General Meeting

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

358

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (MD

& CEO) for a term of five consecutive years with effect

from 27th June, 2023, succeeding Mr. Sanjiv Mehta.

The Company has received notice under Section 160 of

the Act from Mr. Rohit Jawa proposing his candidature

as a Director of the Company. Mr. Rohit Jawa is neither

disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms

of Section 164(2) of the Act, nor debarred from holding the

office of director by virtue of any SEBI order or any other

such authority and has given all the necessary declarations

and confirmation including his consent to be appointed on

the Board of the Company.

Brief profile of Mr. Rohit Jawa is as follows:

Mr. Rohit Jawa was, until recently, the Chief of

Transformation for Unilever in London where since January

2022, he had successfully orchestrated the once-in-a-

decade, end-to-end transformation of Unilever. He has a

proven track record of sustained business results across

- India, South East Asia, and North Asia. As Executive

Vice-President for North Asia & Chairman for Unilever

China, he led a significant transformation of Unilever China

into a competitive, profitable, and consistent business, now

Unilever’s 3rd biggest globally. As the Chairman of Unilever

Philippines, he led the business to become one of the top 10

markets for Unilever globally.

He had joined Unilever in India as a Management Trainee in

1988 after completing Bachelor’s degree from St. Stephen’s

College, followed by an MBA from the Faculty of

Management Studies, both at the University of Delhi. He is

an alumnus of IMD Business School, having completed the

Breakthrough Program for Senior Executives in 2018, and

an alumnus of Harvard Business School, having completed

the Advanced Management Program in 2022.

Since Mr. Rohit Jawa is a foreign national and has a non-

residential status, his appointment as a Whole-time

Director and MD & CEO of the Company is subject to the

approval of the Central Government in terms of Part I of

Schedule V to the Act. The Company will be making requisite

application to the Central Government in this regard.

The brief details about the proposed appointment & remuneration of Mr. Rohit Jawa are given

herein:

Particulars

Appointment Details

Period of Appointment as Whole-time

Director

1st April, 2023 to 26th June, 2023

Period of Appointment as MD & CEO

27th June, 2023 to 26th June, 2028

Particulars

Remuneration Details (Gross in ₹)

Basic Salary

3,65,00,000 per annum

(Basic Salary shall not exceed the maximum limit of ₹500 lakhs per annum)

Fixed Remuneration (inclusive of

basic salary, allowances & retirals)

7,14,37,284 per annum

Bonus (at target)

7,14,37,284 per annum

Perquisites – Shares grant

(at target)

7,14,37,284 per annum

Total

21,43,11,852 per annum

Perquisites – Others

(including Company leased housing,

car, club facility)

Not exceeding ₹3,00,00,000 per annum

Mobility linked allowances –

lumpsum payment in 2 tranches (50%

in April 2023 and 50% in April 2024)

4,83,15,227/-

Gratuity Pay

As per Statutory Regulation

Severance Pay

Mr. Jawa will be entitled to receive severance payment upon termination/separation of his

employment in certain circumstances in accordance with the policy for senior managers.

Such payment shall not exceed annual Fixed Remuneration + Bonus (at target) that is drawn

by Mr. Jawa immediately before the termination/separation.

Notice Period

HUL has to furnish a notice period of twelve months to Mr. Jawa in case HUL decides to

terminate his current assignment. A payment in lieu of notice period of twelve months will

be made to Mr. Jawa in the event such notice period is shorter than a twelve months period

& such payment would be made for the outstanding notice period. The amount that would

be payable would be the amount of Mr. Jawa’s fixed pay for the unexpired notice period, less

deductions required under law. In respect of the period up to the separation date, Mr. Jawa’s

entitlements under any annual bonus/variable pay, performance share plan or any other

variable pay plan will be dealt with in accordance with the relevant plan rules. During such

period, Mr. Jawa may be placed on gardening leave and the Unilever terms will apply.

Mr. Rohit Jawa’s Euronet compensation will be converted to INR and grossed up for taxes at the time of delivery.

Actual Fx rate and tax rates will apply.

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

359

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Notice of Annual

General Meeting:

letter dated 26th July, 2022, a copy

of which will be available for inspection by the Shareholders

as per the procedure of inspection provided in Point No. 24

of the Notice of AGM.

• A detailed evaluation and due diligence led by

senior HUL Management was undertaken. The Audit

Committee was updated from time to time on the

progress of the evaluation and due diligence exercise.

The recommendations/suggestions of the Audit

Committee were duly noted and acted upon by the

senior HUL Management during the course of the

exercise. The Non-Executive Chairman and the CEO &: Managing

Managing Director of Unilever Bangladesh in 2002. In

2007, he was appointed as Chairman and CEO of Unilever

Philippines. In 2008, he took up his responsibilities as the

Chairman and CEO of Unilever North Africa and Middle East

(NAME), leading a multi-country organisation spanning 20

countries in the region.

During his tenure as the head of various Unilever

Companies, the business achieved significant success

accelerating both growth and profitability. Importantly, he

has been instrumental in building leadership talent and

substantially strengthening organisational capabilities.

Before joining Unilever, Mr. Mehta worked for Union Carbide

India Limited. He is a Commerce Graduate and a Chartered

Accountant. He has also completed an Advanced

Management Program from Harvard Business School.

Mr. Mehta is Chairman of Risk Management Committee

and a Member of the Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

and Environmental, Social and Governance Committee

of the Company.

Directorship in other companies

Name of the Company

Designation

Unlisted

Hindustan Unilever Foundation

Director

Breach Candy Hospital Trust

Nominee Director

Bhavishya Alliance Child Nutrition Initiatives

Director

Indian School of Business

Director

Federation of Indian Chambers of

Commerce & Industry

Director

Air India Limited

Independent

Director

Membership/Chairmanship of Board Committees

in other companies

Name of the Company

Designation

Unlisted

Air India Limited

Audit Committee

Member

Corporate Social Responsibility &

Sustainable Development Committee

Member

ROHIT JAWA

(DIN : 10063590)

Mr. Rohit Jawa (56) is the President, Unilever, South Asia,

and a member of the Unilever Leadership Executive.

Mr. Jawa started his career with the Company as a

Management Trainee in 1988. He has a proven track record

of sustained business results across India, South East

Asia, and North Asia. As EVP North Asia and Chairman

Unilever China, he helped transform the business into

Unilever’s third largest globally. He developed a distinct

strategic agenda for China, championed digitalisation and

premiumisation, and steered the business very capably

through the Covid crisis. As the Chairman of Unilever

Philippines, he led the business to become one of the top

10 markets for Unilever globally. He is deeply passionate

about integrating the strength of traditional markets with

digital technologies and future-fit business models.

Profile of Directors

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

366

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director of the Gujarat Industrial

Development Corporation and stints at senior levels in the

Government of India in the Cabinet Office, the Ministry of

Petroleum, the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare and the

Ministry of Finance. He served as a Secretary in the Ministry

of Finance till his superannuation.

Dr. Misra has represented India in various international

conferences, seminars and negotiations. Dr. Misra has been

a Member of the Advisory Council of the Asian Development

Bank Institute, Tokyo. He was also a Member of the

Committee on Fiscal Consolidation (Kelkar Committee) set

up by the Finance Minister in August, 2012 to chart out a

road map for fiscal consolidation for the Indian economy.

Dr. Misra graduated in Economics from St. Stephen’s

College, Delhi. He has a Master’s degree in Economics from

the Delhi School of Economics, a Master’s degree in Public

Administration from John F Kennedy School of Government,

Harvard University, USA and a Ph.D. from the Jawaharlal

Nehru University, New Delhi. In recognition of his

exceptional academic strengths and leadership qualities,

Dr. Misra was designated as Lucius N Littauer Fellow of 1987

at Harvard University.

Dr. Misra was appointed as an Independent Director on

the Board of the Company with effect from 8th April, 2013.

He is the Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and a Member of the Audit Committee and

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of the Company.

Dr. Misra does not hold any Directorship or Membership/

Chairmanship of the Board Committees in other companies.

KALPANA MORPARIA

(DIN : 00046081)

Ms. Kalpana Morparia (73) was Chairman of J. P. Morgan,

South and South East Asia and Member of J. P. Morgan’s

Asia Pacific Management Committee.

Prior to joining J. P. Morgan India, Ms. Morparia served as

Vice Chair on the Boards of ICICI Group Companies. She was

a Joint: Managing

Managing Director of UTI Asset

Management Company Limited from August, 2013 to

August, 2018. He has assumed office of the Chairman of JP

Morgan Chase for South & South East Asia in early 2021.

In his career of more than 30 years, Mr. Puri has previously

worked as Director with Mckinsey & Company and as: Managing Director with Warburg Pincus. Mr. Puri has

worked in the UK, USA and Asia and since 1994, he has been

based in India.

At Mckinsey, he has advised leading financial institutions,

conglomerates, and investment institutions in strategy and

operational issues. He has contributed to the development

of knowledge and public policy through advice to

regulators and Government officials.

At Warburg Pincus, he was responsible for leading and

managing investments across industries in India. He

also contributed to the financial services investments

in the international portfolio as a Member of the

global partnership.

Mr. Puri has a Master’s Degree in P.P.E. from University

of Oxford and a Master’s Degree in Law from

University of Cambridge.

Mr. Puri has held Non-Executive Board position at Infosys,

Bennett Coleman & Co., Max New York Life and Max Bupa

Health Insurance.

Mr. Puri was appointed as an Independent Director on

the Board of the Company with effect from 12th October,

2018. He is a Member of the Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee and Stakeholders' Relationship Committee of

the Board of the Company.

Directorship in other companies

Name of the Company

Designation

Listed

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited

Independent

Director

Unlisted

Tata Sons Private Limited

Independent

Director

J.P. Morgan Services India Private Limited

Director

Membership/

Managing Director at Credit Rating Information

Services of India Limited (CRISIL) and a member of the

Operating Committee of S&P Global. She serves on

Advisory Boards and Committees of several institutions

like the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India, National

Institute of Securities and Markets.

Ms. Suyash played a pivotal role in enabling CRISIL regain

its Ratings Leadership position and transform to become a

global analytics company and solutions provider through

wide scale adoption of technology. She led CRISIL’s growth

through product innovation and acquisitions in a very

challenging environment. Prior to her role as CEO & MD at

CRISIL, Ms. Suyash was the CEO of L&T Mutual Fund and the

MD and Country Head of Fidelity Mutual Fund. She also had

a long and successful career with Citibank.

Ms. Suyash has recently founded Colossa Ventures LLP, an

innovative platform aimed at providing capital, capability

and confidence building for women entrepreneurs and

women-focussed businesses. She was appointed as an

Independent Director on the Board of Kotak Mahindra Bank

in January 2022.

Ms. Suyash is a Chartered Accountant from the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and

completed her Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce from the

University of Mumbai.

Ms. Suyash was appointed as an Independent Director on

the Board of the Company with effect from 12th November,

2021. She is the Chairperson of Environmental, Social and

Governance Committee and also the member of Audit

Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee

and Risk Management Committee of the Company.

Directorship in other companies

Name of the Company

Designation

Listed

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

Independent

Director

Membership/Chairmanship of Board Committees

in other companies

Name of the Committees

Designation

Listed

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Chairperson

Audit Committee

Member

Risk Management Committee

Member

Credit Investment Committee

Member

RANJAY GULATI

(DIN : 10053369)

Mr. Ranjay Gulati (61) comes with a rich understanding of

Business Strategy and is presently, a Professor at Harvard

Business School and an expert on leadership, strategy

and organisational growth. He has also chaired Advanced

Management Program - the school’s flagship Senior

Leader Executive Program. He has authored seven books,

including ‘Deep Purpose: The Heart and Soul of High-

Performance Companies’.

Mr. Gulati is the past-President of the Business Policy and

Strategy Division at the Academy of Management and

an elected fellow of the Strategic Management Society.

He was ranked as one of the top ten most cited scholars

in Economics and Business over a decade by ISI-Incite.

The Economist, Financial Times, and the Economist

Intelligence Unit have listed him as among the top handful

of business school scholars whose work is most relevant to

management practice. He has been a Harvard MacArthur

Fellow and a Sloan Foundation Fellow.

Profile of Directors

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED

370

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Profile of

Directors:

