letter dated July 28, 2023 informing about the 33rd Annual General

Meeting (‘AGM’) of LT Foods Limited (the ‘Company’) scheduled to be held on Friday, September 29,

2023, at 12:00 Noon (IST) through Video Conference (‘VC’) / Other Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM’), to

transact the business as set forth in the Notice of the AGM. Pursuant to Regulation 34 and other

provisions, as applicable, of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), Notice for the 33rd AGM and Annual Report for the financial year 2022-

23, comprising Audited (Standalone and Consolidated) Financial Results of the Company for the

financial year 2022-23 alongwith Auditor’s Reports thereon, Director’s Report, Business Responsibility

and Sustainability Report and other reports required to be annexed thereto, is enclosed herewith.

The AGM Notice alongwith Annual Report for the financial year 2022-23 has also been uploaded on

the Company's website viz. http://www.ltgroup.in/index.html.

In compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’), rules made

thereunder, Listing Regulations and various circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and

SEBI, the Notice convening the 33rd AGM alongwith Annual Report for the financial year 2022-23 is

being sent only through emails to all those shareholders whose email addresses are registered with

the Company/ Registrar & Share Transfer Agent / Depository Participant(s).

The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) to provide

remote e-voting facility to its members. The remote e-voting period commences from 9:00 AM (IST)

on Monday, September 25, 2023 and ends at 5:00 PM (IST) on Thursday, September 28, 2023. The

e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL thereafter. Voting rights of the members shall be in:

letter etc. with

attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the

Scrutinizer by e-mail to fcsdebasis@gmail.com

with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Institutional

shareholders

(i.e.

other

than

individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their

Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board

Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under

"e-Voting" tab in their login.

2. It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login

to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

| 6 |

LT FOODS LIMITED

Managing Director and CEO of the Company. He is having more than 36 years

of rich experience in running the Company’s business which includes driving

the strategy, business performance, operations, finance and marketing

He is also responsible for business’ strategy formulation exercise and cascade

the same into operational plans for the business. He is also actively involved

in strengthening internal controls and systems of the Company

Nature of expertise in specific

functional area

Finance, Marketing and Business Management

Relationship between Directors

inter-se and KMP

Brother of Mr. Vijay Kumar Arora, Chairman &: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

The world economy

weathered a number of

challenges in the year

gone by. Businesses and

economies faced numerous

problems as a result of the

Russia-Ukraine war and the

Covid pandemic. However,

we are happy to announce

that we have achieved robust

revenue growth for yet

another year, demonstrating

the strength of our business

model. The Farm to Fork

approach, global supply

chain hubs, wide distribution

network across geographies,

and continued investments

behind our brands has

endowed our business with

strength and resiliency to

generate market beating

growth and profits.

Business performance

Our segments – Basmati and

Other Specialty Rice, Organic Food

and Ingredients, Convenience

and Health – have collectively

contributed to an impressive 28%

Y-o-Y growth wherein Basmati and

other specialty segment saw a

growth of 31%, Organic segment

grew 11% and convenience and

health segment witnessed a growth

of 36% i.e. ~2.5% of our revenue.

Our total revenue witnessed

remarkable growth, reaching

H 6,979 Crore, reflecting a

substantial 28% increase compared

to the previous fiscal year. Our

gross Profit was H 2,401 Crore, an

increase of 31% and EBITDA stood

at H 744 Crore, a 20% increase

from the previous fiscal year. The

PAT stood at H 423 Crore and we

achieved a remarkable growth of

37% over the previous financial

year. Our earnings per share stood

at H 12.5 while our debt to equity

ratio improved to 0.3.

In India, LT surpassed industry

growth with a 14.4% overall growth

rate, with specialty and mid-

segment products growing at an

even faster pace, delivering on our

strategic goal of premiumisation.

Our market share in India has

experienced continued growth,

reaching an impressive 29.6% in

March 2023. This represents a

significant increase of 230 basis

points (bps), as reported by the

AC Nielsen Retail Survey Audit.

The number of households

consuming products by LT Foods

increased by 31.26% (compared

to the category growth of 5.5%)

to reach 45.38 Lakh households,

as per household panel data. This

is the result of a mix of targeted

marketing campaigns across

several platforms and an expanded

distribution network, which has

enabled us to reach and service a

larger consumer base. Our retail

reach also increased by 9.1% and

stood at 176,741 outlets.

In our US business, we successfully

maintained our market share of

50%+ with our flagship brand,

Royal. To cater to the growing

demand, we expanded our

portfolio, resulting in a remarkable

37% sales growth for Royal RTH

foods. Royal RTH became the

fourth largest brand in the ready-

to-heat rice segment in the US.

Additionally, we made a strategic

acquisition of the jasmine rice

brand Golden Star, and efficiently

integrated their operations into

LT Foods America, meeting our

expectations.

We have continued to build on

our leading share in EU. Our

Daawat business continues to

gain market share in UK and in

the top consuming countries of

the EU with expanded distribution

network and marketing

investments and business has

overall increased by 23% during

the financial year.

In The Middle East, our business

has shown a good double digit

growth resulting in strengthening

our market share in the largest

Basmati consuming region in the

world. We also hold a leadership

position in Israel and other

countries as well.

During the fiscal year, we made a

strategic deal with SALIC, the Saudi

Sovereign Fund. Through a main

and secondary investment of

H 455.5 Crore, SALIC now holds a

9.22% equity share in LT Foods.

This accelerates LT Foods’ organic

and inorganic expansion plans

across business segments. It will

increase our growth ambitions,

notably in The Middle East and

Saudi Arabia region, and reinforce

our leading position in the

industry.

In The Far East, we have further

strengthened our leadership

position in markets like Australia

and Singapore, building our total

share in the Far East to a leading

16% market share.

It is heartening that despite

the price increases impacting

overall exports to this region, we

have been able to mitigate the

impact and maintain our position

due to brand strengths. Our

focus remains on continuing to

build on brand, strengthening

the distribution network and

expanding product penetration

across geographies and

continents.

Growing Responsibly and

Sustainably

Our commitment to giving back

to society has always been an

integral part of our ethos. As part

of our responsible growth strategy,

we are continually embracing the

principles of Environment, Social

and Governance (ESG). During the

fiscal year, we advanced further

towards our ESG goals.

Our priority is to make

sustainability the cornerstone

of all farm operations. We firmly

believe that the well-being

and prosperity of our farmers

are intrinsically linked to the

preservation of the environment.

By prioritising sustainable

practices, we are not only

enhancing the economic viability

of our farmers, but also upholding

our collective responsibility to

protect and conserve the planet’s

precious natural resources for

future generations.

Therefore, we have set ambitious

goals for training farmers in

sustainable farming practices. By

2025, our aim is to train 50,000

farmers in sustainable farming

methods. We are pleased that

more than 16,000+ farmers have

already been trained during the

year under review.

Some other notable developments

include our efforts towards

bringing 2.5 Lakh acres of organic

farmland under sustainable

cultivation by 2030. Indeed, we

have already done so with 1.64

Lakh acres of farmland, paving

the way for healthier agricultural

methods and a greener future.

Corporate Overview

| 13 |

$118$/5(3257ৱ৯ৱৱৱ৲

| 12 |

LT FOODS LIMITED:

Managing Director

Ashwani Kumar Arora: Managing

Managing Director

Independent Director: Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Managing Director

Independent Director

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

Mr. Vijay Kumar Arora, a visionary leader with over four decades

of experience, has been instrumental in steering LT Foods towards

unprecedented success. His journey began in 1978, and since then, his

dynamism and strategic acumen has been the driving force behind the

Company’s growth. His transformative decision to export specialty rice

under the brand “Daawat” marked a turning point in 1980. Under his

leadership, “Daawat” and “Royal” have become dominant players, capturing

50% of the market share in North America.

A seasoned leader, Mrs. Ambika Sharma, as Managing Director for India

at the U.S.-India Business Council, has a history of spearheading impactful

initiatives. Her extensive career with FICCI and her involvement in global

and domestic strategies have created a lasting impact. As an independent

director, she brings a wealth of knowledge to international affairs and

strategic alignment.

An accomplished leader and Harvard Business School alumnus, Mr. Ashwani

Kumar Arora has been shaping LT Foods’ growth for over 36 years. His

multidimensional expertise encompasses strategy, operations, finance and

marketing. Aligning with the Company’s pillars of growth, margin expansion

and financial strength, he envisions a progressive and sustainable global

consumer business. His ingenuity has led to an integrated ‘Farm to Fork’

model and ground-breaking manufacturing facilities, reinforcing LT Foods’

position as a leader in specialty rice and rice-based food products.

With more than three decades of experience, Mr. Surinder Kumar Arora

brings a wealth of expertise to his role as Managing Director. His focus

on manufacturing excellence and innovation has propelled the Company

forward. Championing technological advancements, automation and

process innovation, he plays a pivotal role in margin expansion and

operational efficiency.

With over four decades in the banking industry, Mr. Satish Chander Gupta,

Independent Director, is a seasoned leader who has held esteemed

positions, including

Managing Director

Director

Director - Sales

Finance Controller

Director - Operations

Head - Gulf Business

Associate Director - Quality

and Assurance

Marketing Manager

Abhinav Arora

Andrew W Cops

Mukesh Agrawal

Shankar Satappagol

President

Senior Vice President - Sales,

Marketing and Innovation

Chief Financial Officer

Senior Vice President –

Sales, International and

Food Service

AMERICA

EUROPE

MIDDLE EAST

Corporate Overview

| 93 |

$118$/5(3257ৱ৯ৱৱৱ৲

| 92 |

LT FOODS LIMITED:

Managing Director -

NBFL B.V.

India

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Vijay Kumar Arora

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the Company,

is liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing AGM and

being eligible has offered himself for re-appointment.

A brief resume, nature of expertise, details of

directorships held by Mr. Ashwani Kumar Arora in

other companies, along with his shareholding in the

Company, as stipulated under Secretarial Standard – 2,

issued by Institute of Company Secretaries of India, and

Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations, is appended as

an Annexure to the Notice of the ensuing AGM.

Your Company and the Board expresses their deep

condolences on the untimely and sad demise of

Mr. Anil Khandelwal (DIN: 03473632), Independent

Director of the Company, on February 22, 2023. Mr. Anil

Khandelwal was appointed as an Independent Director

of the Company w.e.f. July 22, 2021, during his tenure,

he played crucial leadership role which benefitted the

Company immensely. Mr. Anil Khandelwal's sudden

and unexpected demise will be an irreparable loss to

the Company and the Company convey deep sympathy,

sorrow and condolences to his family.

The Board of Directors in its meeting dated February

28, 2023, approved the appointment of Mr. Alrumaih

Sulaiman Abdulrahman S (DIN: 09091328) as a Non-

Executive Non- Independent Director of the Company.

Mr. Alrumaih holds a bachelor’s & Masters’ degree in

Electrical Engineering from King Saud University, KSA.

He has more than twenty years of diverse experience

with a focus on Investments, Commercial & Business

Development strategy. Throughout his career he was

associated with Tamimi Group, as Chief Executive Officer,

General Electric (GE) and Saudi Electric Company. Further,

the Shareholders approved his appointed through postal

ballot process on June 21, 2023.

Further, on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors

subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company,

Mr. Satish Chander Gupta, (DIN: 00025780) has been

appointed as an Independent Director of the Company

with effect from June 16, 2023. Mr. Satish Chander Gupta,

has a degree of Masters in Commerce and has completed

CAIIB from Indian Institute of Banking and Finance. He is

having an experience of over 41 years in Banking Industry,

is a retired Chairman and: Managing Director from

Punjab National Bank and had previously held positions

of

letter of appointment,

which also stipulates the terms and conditions of their

engagement. Directors are also informed of the various

developments in the Company through presentations

during the meetings.

Pursuant to Regulation 25(7) of the Listing Regulations,

the

Company

imparted

various

familiarization

programmes for its Directors which includes review of

industry outlook, regulatory updates with respect to the

Act, Listing Regulations, taxation and other matters by

Auditors, Company Secretary and experts, internal control

over financial reporting, Prevention of Insider Trading

Regulations, framework for related party transactions.

Pursuant to Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations,

the details required are available on the website of your

Company at the following web link: http://www.ltgroup.

in/business-and-investors.html#investor-updates

Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Pursuant to Section 134(3)(c) of the Act, the Directors to

the best of their knowledge hereby state and confirm

that:

1. In the preparation of the annual accounts, the

applicable accounting standards had been followed

along with proper explanation relating to material

departures;

2. The Directors had selected such accounting policies

and applied them consistently and made judgments

and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as

to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of

the Company at the end of the financial year and of

the profit and loss of the Company for that period;

3. The Directors had taken proper and sufficient

care for the maintenance of adequate accounting

records in accordance with the provisions of this

Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company

and for preventing and detecting fraud and other

irregularities;

4. The Directors had prepared the annual accounts on

a going concern basis;

5. The Directors, had laid down internal financial

controls to be followed by the Company and that

such internal financial controls are adequate and

were operating effectively; and

6. The Directors had devised proper systems to ensure

compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws

and that such systems were adequate and operating

effectively.

Particulars of Directors and Employees

The ratio of remuneration of each Director to the median

employees’ remuneration as per Section 197(12) of the

Act read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment

and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014,

as amended, is disclosed in Annexure III to this report.

The statement containing particulars of remuneration of

employees as required under Section 197(12) of the Act,

read with Rule 5(2) & 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment

and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014,

as amended, is available on the Company’s website at

http://www.ltgroup.in/index.html. Any Member desirous

of obtaining a copy of the said annexure may access the

aforesaid weblink or write to the Company Secretary at

ir@ltgroup.in.

Board and its Committees

In compliance with the statutory requirements, the

Company has formulated mandatory Committees

viz. Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee,

Risk

Management

Committee

and

Stakeholders’

Relationship Committee.

During the year under review, all the recommendations

made by the Committees of the Board, including the

Audit Committee, were accepted by the Board.

The Board of Directors met six (6) times during the

financial year ended March 31, 2023, i.e. on May 30,

2022, July 29, 2022, October 31, 2022, November 11,

2022, January 31, 2023 and February 28, 2023.

A detailed update on the Board, its composition,

governance of committees including detailed charter,

terms of reference of various Board Committees,

number of Board and Committee meetings held during

the financial year ended March 31, 2023 and attendance

of the Directors at each meeting is provided in the Report

on Corporate Governance, which forms part of the

Annual Report.

Further, the Board of Directors at their meeting held

on July 28, 2023, approved the closure of Governance

Committee and Capital Raising Committee since these

were incorporated for specific reasons and the Company

do not anticipate the requirement of these committees

in near future.

Audit Committee

The Company has constituted the Audit Committee, in

accordance with the provisions of Section 177 of the

Act read with Regulation 18 of Listing Regulations. As

on March 31, 2023 the Audit Committee comprises of

Mr. Abhiram Seth, Mrs. Neeru Singh, Mrs. Ambika

Sharma, Independent Directors and Mr. Alrumaih

Sulaiman Abdulrahman S, being Non- Executive Non-

Independent Director.

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer, Chief Financial

Officer, Statutory and Internal Auditors are the permanent

invitees to the Committee. Further details relating to

the Audit Committee, including number of meetings

held during the year, are provided in the Corporate

Governance Report forming part of the Annual Report.

During the year under review, all recommendations

made by the Audit Committee were accepted by the

Board of Directors.

AUDITORS

Statutory Auditors

M/s MSKA & Associates, Chartered Accountants, (Firm

Registration Number 105047W), were appointed as the

Statutory Auditors of the Company, for a period of five

years, at the 30th AGM of the Company to hold office till

the conclusion of the 35th AGM.

The Auditors have issued an unmodified opinion on the

financial statements of the Company for the financial year

ended March 31, 2023. The said Report of the Auditors is

self-explanatory and therefore does not require further

comments and explanations. The Auditors’ Report for

the financial year ended March 31, 2023 on the financial

statements of the Company forms part of this Annual

Report.

Secretarial Auditors

In terms of Section 204 of the Act and Rules made there

under, M/s. D Dixit & Associates, Practicing Company

Secretary has been appointed as Secretarial Auditors of

the Company.

M/s. D Dixit & Associates, Company Secretaries,

(Certificate of Practice No. 7871), appointed as the

Secretarial Auditors, have carried out an audit of the

secretarial records of the Company for the financial year

2022-23. The Secretarial Audit Report for the financial

year ended March 31, 2023 under the Act, read with

Rules made thereunder and Regulation 24A of the Listing

Regulations, is set out in Annexure IV to this Directors

Report.

Observations/ remarks specified in the said reports

alongwith status of the said observations / remarks as

on the date of this report are mentioned below:

During the Audit Period it was found that Two

Designated employees of the Company has violated

the code of conduct framed under SEBI (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 as they have conduct

trading during closure of trading window as well as also

done contra trade. Company has issued warning letters

to those Designated Persons and have warned them to

remain cautious going forward.

The requirement of maintaining half of the Board as

Independent Director is not met as on March 31, 2023.

However, the said requirement was complied by the

Company during the quarter ended June 30, 2023.

Pursuant to requirement of Regulation 24A of the Listing

Regulations, the Secretarial Audit Report of DAAWAT

Foods Limited, material unlisted subsidiary, incorporated

in India, of the Company, is annexed to this report as

Annexure V to this Report

Pursuant to requirement of Regulation 24A of the

Listing Regulations, the Secretarial Compliance Report

for the financial year ended March 31, 2023, in relation

to compliance of all applicable SEBI Regulations and

circulars/guidelines issued thereunder, issued by M/s. D

Dixit & Associates, Company Secretaries, has been filed

with the stock exchanges within the prescribed time limit.

Pursuant to the provisions of section 204 of the Act

and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration

of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Board, on

the recommendation of the Audit Committee, have

appointed M/s. D Dixit & Associates, as the Secretarial

Auditor for the financial year ending March 31, 2024.

M/s. D Dixit & Associates, Company Secretaries, have

provided a consent to the Company to act as the

Secretarial Auditors for conducting the audit of the

secretarial records for the financial year ending March 31,

2024, and have also confirmed that their appointment, if

made, would be within the limits laid down by the Act

Statutory Reports

| 119 |

$118$/5(3257ৱ৯ৱৱৱ৲

| 118 |

LT FOODS LIMITED:

Managing Director and

Mr. Ashwani Kumar Arora,: Managing

letter addressed

to the Ombudsman. In case the whistle blower wishes to

raise a complaint directly to the members of the Audit

Committee, and not through above mentioned normal

channels, the complaint may be directly made to the

Chairperson of the Audit Committee.

Details of whistle blower complaints received, if any,

and the functioning of the whistle blower mechanism

are reviewed periodically by the Audit Committee. No

person has been denied access to the Chairperson of the

Audit Committee. During the financial year 2022-23, no

complaint was received under the Whistle Blower Policy

of the Company. Details of whistle blower policy are

available in the Corporate Governance Report that forms

part of this Annual Report.

The Whistle Blower Policy is available on the website of

the Company at the link http://ltgroup.in/pdf/Whistle-

Blower%20Policy_August%202021.pdf.

Nomination and Remuneration Policy

The Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the

Company, inter alia, provides that the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee shall:

•

lay down the effective manner of performance

evaluation of the Board, its Committees and the

Directors

•

formulate the criteria for Board membership,

including the appropriate mix of Executive & Non-

Executive Directors and Board Diversity;

•

approve and recommend compensation packages

and policies for Directors, Key Managerial Personnel

and Senior Management Personnel; and

•

such other matters as provided under section

178 of the Act and under the provisions of Listing

Regulations.

The salient features of the Nomination and Remuneration

Policy of the Company are outlined in the Corporate

Governance Report which forms part of this Annual

Report. The Policy is available on the website of the

Company

at:

http://www.ltgroup.in/pdf/LT-Foods-

Remuneration-Policy.pdf.

Particulars of contracts or arrangements

with Related Parties

All arrangements/ transactions entered into by the

Company with its related parties during the financial year

2022-23 were in the ordinary course of business and on

an arm’s length basis. During the year under review, the

Company had taken shareholders’ approval for all the

arrangement/ transaction with related parties which could

be considered material in accordance with the Company’s

Policy on Related Party Transactions, as amended, read with

the Listing Regulations. As per the requirements of Indian

Accounting Standards 24, details of all the transactions of

the Company with its related parties have been disclosed in

the financial statements forming part of this Annual Report.

A declaration in Form AOC-2, as required under sections

134(3)(h) read with 188(1) of the Act is enclosed as

Annexure VII to this report. The Policy on the Related

Party Transactions is available on the Company’s website

at:

http://www.ltgroup.in/pdf/LT-Food-Related-Party-

Transactions-2022.pdf.

A detailed note on the procedure adopted by the

Company in dealing with contracts and arrangements

with related parties is provided in the Report on Corporate

Governance, which forms part of this Annual Report.

Compliance

with

the

provisions

of

Secretarial Standards

The mandatory Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute

of Company Secretaries of India, have been duly complied

with by the Company, during the year under review.

Conservation

of

Energy,

Technology

Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings

& Outgo

The details of energy conservation, technology absorption

and foreign exchange earnings and outgo as required under

section 134(3) of the Act read with Rule 8 of Companies

(Accounts of Companies) Rules, 2014 is as follows:

1. Bringing Maximum Control into System through

Process Automation

We have strategized the implementation of plant

automation using SCADA across our primary packing

and processing facilities. This aims to uphold optimal

efficiency and quality while minimizing the slightest

possibility of manual errors.

2. Section wise Efficiency Improvement Projects

We are actively engaged in executing multiple

in-house projects aimed at enhancing efficiency.

These projects encompass areas such as loading

optimization, minimizing concealed wastage tied

to manpower and materials, optimizing power

consumption, introducing high-efficiency machinery

along with IE4 motors, and maximizing the utilization

of renewable energy sources.

3. Inclusion of Bar Codes for improved planning &

traceability

We have incorporated Bar Codes as a pivotal tool and

are striving to uphold seamless production planning

and comprehensive traceability from the production

process to invoicing. This initiative will enable us to

monitor even the slightest discrepancies and ensure

accurate scheduling and thorough traceability.

4. 2nd stage of Digitization

We embarked on our journey towards digitization

a year ago and have now progressed to the second

phase with the valuable assistance of our esteemed

consultants in the field.

5. Using by-product (Husk) for electricity generation

By harnessing green energy from a turbine that

utilizes husk a by product for the Company, to

generating an impressive capacity of 3.5 MW per

hour, resulting in minimum utilisation of electricity.

6. Renewable (Solar) Energy Generation

Company with the help of solar panels have been able

to generate solar energy of approx. 5,00,000 KWH on

a yearly basis, resulting in energy conservation and

reduction in green house gas emissions.

7. Rain Water Harvesting increased

Company has installed a new rainwater harvesting

well and constructed a pond within its plant premises,

with an aim to significantly increase its capacity of

rainwater harvesting and enhancing groundwater

recharge capacity. Consequent to which water stress

level will be reduced and will help in restoring the

land with rain water.

Statutory Reports

| 123 |

$118$/5(3257ৱ৯ৱৱৱ৲

| 122 |

LT FOODS LIMITED:

Managing Director

Statutory Reports

| 125 |

$118$/5(3257ৱ৯ৱৱৱ৲

| 124 |

LT FOODS LIMITED:

Managing Director

1:53

2

Mr. Ashwani Kumar Arora: Managing Director & CEO

1:53

3

Mr. Surinder Kumar Arora*

Managing Director

NA

Sl.

No.

Name of the Directors /

KMP’s

Designation

Percentage increase /

(decrease) in remuneration

in the financial year 2022-23*

1

Mr. Vijay Kumar Arora

letter of even

date, which is annexed as Annexure-A, and forms as

integral part of this report.

Annexure A to the Secretarial Audit Report

The Members

LT Foods Limited

1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on the random test basis

to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we

followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on the random test

basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Statutory Reports

| 135 |

$118$/5(3257ৱ৯ৱৱৱ৲

| 134 |

LT FOODS LIMITED:

Managing Director of the Company for a period

of five years;

b. To Re-Appoint Mr. Ashok Kumar Arora as: Managing

Managing Director)

(Chairperson CSR Committee)

Statutory Reports

| 141 |

$118$/5(3257ৱ৯ৱৱৱ৲

| 140 |

LT FOODS LIMITED:

Managing Director

DIN: 00012203

Place: Gurugram

Date: July 28, 2023

Statutory Reports

| 145 |

$118$/5(3257ৱ৯ৱৱৱ৲

| 144 |

LT FOODS LIMITED:

Managing Director – Member

3) Mr. Ashwani Kumar Arora,: Managing

Managing Director in

any listed entity, as specified in Regulation 17A of the

Listing Regulations. Further, none of the Director of the

Company is a member of more than 10 Committees and

Chairperson of more than 5 Committees, as specified in

Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations, across all the

Indian public limited companies in which he/ she is a

Director.

Details pertaining to positions held by the Directors of

the Company, in the Board and Board Committee that

they occupy in other Companies and changes therein,

if any, are being disclosed periodically by each Director.

Further, none of the Director of the Company is, inter-se,

related to each other, except for the Executive Directors.

The Board confirms that the Independent Directors fulfil

the conditions specified in Section 149 of the Act and

Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and are

independent of the Board and Management as of March

31, 2023.

In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations,

the Independent Directors have confirmed that they

are not aware of any circumstances or situations which

exist or may be reasonably anticipated that could

impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties.

Further, declarations on compliance with Rule 6(3) of the

Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors)

Rules, 2014 as amended from time to time, regarding the

requirement relating to the enrolment in the Data Bank

for Independent Directors, has been received from all

the Independent Directors.

Committees of the Board viz. Audit Committee, Nomination

and

Remuneration

Committee,

Corporate

Social

Responsibility Committee, Stakeholders Relationship

Committee, Risk Management Committee & Management

Committee handle specific responsibilities and empower

the functioning of the Board through flow of information

amongst each other and by delivering a focused approach

and expedient resolution on diverse matters.

Statutory Reports

| 205 |

$118$/5(3257ৱ৯ৱৱৱ৲

| 204 |

LT FOODS LIMITED

On standalone basis:

Managing Director

2.

Mr. Ashwani Kumar Arora

Promoter -: Managing

Managing Director of the Company.

The Agenda is circulated a week prior to the date of the

Meeting. The Agenda for the Board meetings covers

items set out as per the guidelines in Listing Regulations

and Act to the extent it is relevant and applicable. The

Agenda for the Board meetings includes detailed notes

on the items to be discussed at the Meeting to enable

the Directors to take an informed decision. Video/audio-

conferencing facilities are also used to facilitate Directors

travelling or located at other locations to participate in

the meetings.

Prior approval from the Board is obtained for circulating

the agenda items with shorter notice for matters that

form part of the Board and Committee Agenda and are

considered to be in the nature of Unpublished Price

Sensitive Information.

Attendance of each Director at the Meeting

of the Board of Directors and the last Annual

General Meeting held during the financial

year ended March 31, 2023

During the financial year 2022-23, all the Board and

Committee meetings were conducted through audio

visual means as per the circulars/rules issued by Ministry

of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) and Securities and Exchange

Board of India (“SEBI”) from time to time, for conducting

meetings. During the financial year 2022-23, six Board

Meetings were held on May 30, 2022, July 29, 2022,

October 31, 2022, November 10, 2022, January 30, 2023

and February 28, 2023. The interval between any two

Board Meetings was well within the maximum allowed

gap of 120 days.

Sl.

No.

Name of the Director

Number of Committee

positions held in other

Public Companies*

Directorships in other Public Companies

including listed entities**

Chairman

Member

(Including

Chairperson)

8.

Mr. Alrumaih Sulaiman

Abdulrahman S###

0

1

-

9.

Mr. Satish Chander Gupta####

0

0

1. Prudent ARC Limited

*Membership(s) / Chairmanship(s) of only audit and stakeholders’ relationship committees in all public limited companies are considered.

**Excludes directorships in foreign companies, companies registered under Section 8 of the Act, private companies and alternate directorships.

***Appointed w.e.f. May 12, 2023

#Appointed w.e.f. May 02, 2023

##Ceased to be Director post his demise on February 22, 2023.

###Appointed w.e.f. February 28, 2023.

####Appointed w.e.f. June 16, 2023.

Statutory Reports

| 209 |

$118$/5(3257ৱ৯ৱৱৱ৲

| 208 |

LT FOODS LIMITED:

letter of appointment to the

Independent Directors at the time of their appointment/

re-appointment. The terms and conditions of the

appointment of Independent Directors are available

on the Company’s website at http://ltgroup.in/pdf/

terms-and-conditions-of-appointment-of-independent-

director.pdf.

The Company has received a Certificate from CS Debasis

Dixit, a Practicing Company Secretary, certifying that

none of the Directors on the Board of the Company have

been debarred or disqualified from being appointed

or continuing as Directors of Companies by the SEBI/

MCA or any such statutory authority. The Certificate is

attached as Annexure ‘I’ forming an integral part of this

Report.

Directors’ Performance Evaluation

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and Regulation

17(10), 19(4) and Part D of Schedule II of the Listing

Regulations, a Board Performance Evaluation Policy

has been framed and approved by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and by the Board.

Board Committees were evaluated by the respective

Committee members, Directors were also evaluated

individually by all other Directors (except the Director

himself) on the parameters such as his/her preparedness

at the Board Meetings, devotion of time and efforts to

understand the Company and its business, quality of

contribution at the Board Meetings, etc.

Meeting

of

Independent

Directors

without

the

attendance of Non-Independent Directors and members

of the management of the Company was held on March

27, 2023. The Independent Directors, inter-alia, evaluated

performance

of

Non-Independent

Directors,

the

Chairperson of the Company and the Board as a whole.

They also assessed the quality, content and timeliness of

flow of information between the Management and the

Board that is necessary for the Board to perform its duties

effectively and reasonably. The Directors expressed their

satisfaction with the entire evaluation process.

Performance Evaluation criteria for all the Directors have

been laid down and posted on the Company’s website.

It is available on http://ltgroup.in/pdf/LT-Foods-Board-

evaluation.pdf

Separate Meeting of Independent Directors

A separate meeting of Independent Directors of

the Company without the presence of the Executive

Directors and the Management representatives was held

on March 27, 2023, as required under Schedule IV to

the Act and Regulation 25 (3) of the Listing Regulations.

The Independent Directors expressed their satisfaction

with the desired level of the governance of the Board as

captured in the Board effectiveness review exercise. At

the said meeting, the Independent Directors:

•

reviewed the performance of Non-Independent

Directors and the Board as a whole;

•

reviewed the performance of the Chairman of the

Company, taking into account the views of Executive

Director and Non-Executive Directors;

•

assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow

of information between the Management and the

Board of Directors that is necessary for the Board

of Directors to perform their duties effectively and

reasonably.

Familiarization Programme:

The Company has an orientation process/familiarization

programme for its Independent Directors that includes:

•

Briefing on their role, responsibilities, duties, and

obligations as a member of the Board.

•

Nature of business and business model of the

Company, Company’s strategic and operating plans.

•

Update on the business operations covering

all business verticals of the Company and its

subsidiaries, by the Senior Management.

•

Matters relating to Corporate Governance, Code of

Business Conduct, Risk Management, Compliance

Programs, Internal Audit, etc.

The Company believes that the Board be continuously

empowered

with

the

knowledge

of

the

latest

developments in the Company’s business and the

external environment affecting the industry as a whole.

To this end, the Directors were given presentations on

the business environment, as well as all business areas of

the Company including business strategy, environmental

and social impact of the business, risks opportunities,

new products, market share, policies, performance,

investor relations and regulatory changes. Quarterly

updates on performance/developments giving highlights

of performance of the Company during each quarter

including the developments/ events having impact on

the business of the Company are presented to all the

Directors. The details of familiarization programmes

imparted to Independent Directors is disclosed on the

company’s website: http://ltgroup.in/pdf/familiarization-

programme-for-independent-directors.pdf.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

The Board Committees play a crucial role in the

governance structure of the Company and have

been constituted to deal with specific areas/activities

as mandated by applicable rules and regulations,

which concern the Company and need a closer

review. Each Committee of the Board is guided by its

terms of reference, which defines the scope, powers,

responsibilities and composition of the Committee. The

Chairperson of the respective Committee(s) brief the

Board about the summary of the discussions held at the

Committee meetings. The minutes of the meetings of all

Committees are placed before the Board for its review

and noting. The Board Committees request special

invitees to join the meeting, as and when appropriate.

During the year, all recommendations of the Committees

of the Board have been accepted by the Board.

The terms of reference of the mandatory Committees

are in line with the applicable provisions of the Listing

Regulations, the Act and the Rules issued thereunder.

As on March 31, 2023, the Company had 8 (Eight)

Committees of the Board, namely, Audit Committee,

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Corporate

Social Responsibility Committee, Risk Management

Committee,

Stakeholders

Relationship

Committee,

Governance Committee, Capital Raising Committee and

Management Committee.

The Company has closed the Governance Committee and

Capital Raising Committee on July 28, 2023, since these

were incorporated for specific reasons and the Company

do not anticipate the requirement of these committees

in near future.

Brief details on the mandatory committees of the Board

of Directors of the Company is as follows:

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee is primarily responsible for accurate

financial reporting and strong internal controls. The Audit

Committee through regular interaction with the external

*Ceased to be Director post his demise on February 22, 2023.

**Appointed w.e.f. February 28, 2023.

Note: None of the Non-Executive Directors hold any convertible instruments in the Company.

Statutory Reports

| 211 |

$118$/5(3257ৱ৯ৱৱৱ৲

| 210 |

LT FOODS LIMITED:

Managing Director / Whole-Time

Director/Manager, specifically including the position of

the Company Secretary and the Chief Financial Officer.

The NRC Committee is responsible for evaluating the

balance of skills, experience, independence, diversity and

knowledge on the Board and for drawing up selection

criteria, ongoing succession planning and appointment

procedures. The NRC Committee also recommends the

total remuneration payable to Non-Executive Directors,

KMP and senior management personnel.

The NRC Committee met four times during the financial

year 2022-23. The NRC Committee meetings were held on

May 30, 2022, July 29, 2022, January 30, 2023 and February

28, 2023. The Chairperson of the NRC Committee was

present at the last AGM, held on September 30, 2022.

Details of Directors who are members of the NRC Committee and their attendance in the meetings held during the

financial year 2022-23 is as follows:

S

No.

Name

Designation

Attendance in Audit Committee Meetings held on

May 30,

2022

July 29,

2022

January 30,

2023

February 28,

2023

1.

Mr. Abhiram Seth

Chairman

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

2.

Mrs. Ambika Sharma

Member

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

3.

Mrs. Neeru Singh

Member

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Role / Terms of Reference of Nomination

and Remuneration Committee

The role / terms of reference of the NRC Committee

include the following:

1. Formulation

of

the

criteria

for

determining

qualifications, positive attributes and independence

of a Director and recommend to the Board a policy,

relating to the remuneration of the Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel and other Senior Management

Personnel.

2. Formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance

of Independent Directors and the Board of Directors.

3. Identifying persons who are qualified to become

Directors and who may be appointed in Senior

Management in accordance with the criteria

laid down and recommend to the Board their

appointment and removal.

4. To see that the level and composition of remuneration

is reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and

motivate Directors of the quality required to run the

Company successfully.

5. To see that the relationship of remuneration

to performance is clear and meets appropriate

performance benchmarks.

6. To see that remuneration to Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel and Senior Management involves a

balance between fixed and incentive pay reflecting

short

and

long-term

performance

objectives

appropriate to the working of the Company and its

goals.

7. To decide whether to extend or continue the term

of appointment of the independent director, on the

basis of the report of performance evaluation of

Independent Directors.

8. Recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in

whatever form, payable to Senior Management.

Nomination and Remuneration Policy

In accordance with the provisions of the Act and the

Listing Regulations, the Company has put in place the

Nomination and Remuneration Policy for the Directors,

Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management of the

Company including criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes, and independence of a Director as well

as a policy on Board Diversity. The said policy is available

at the website of the Company and the weblink for the

same

is

http://ltgroup.in/pdf/LT-Foods-Remuneration-

Policy.pdf. The said policy provides as follows:

1. The NRC Committee shall take into consideration the

following criteria for recommending to the Board

for appointment of a Director of the Company: (a)

Qualifications & Experience (b) Positive attributes

like respect for Company’s core values, professional

integrity, strategic capability with business vision,

etc. (c) In case the proposed appointee is an

Independent Director, he should fulfil the criteria

for appointment as an Independent Director as per

the provisions of the Act, Listing Regulations and

other applicable laws & regulations and should have

the capabilities identified in the description of the

role and capabilities required of an independent

director as may be prepared by the Committee.

(d) The incumbent should not be disqualified for

appointment as Director pursuant to the provisions

of the Act or other applicable laws & regulations.

2. The Committee will recommend to the Board

appropriate compensation to Executive Directors

subject to the provisions of the Act, Listing

Regulations and other applicable laws & regulations.

The

Committee

shall

periodically

review

the

compensation of such Directors in relation to other

comparable companies and other factors, the

Committee deems appropriate. Proposed changes,

if any, in the compensation of such Directors shall

be reviewed by the Committee subject to approval of

the Board.

3. The evaluation of performance of the Board, its

Committees and individual Directors will be carried

out by the Board, in the manner specified by the

Committee from time to time and in accordance with

other applicable provisions of the Act and the Listing

Regulations, in this regard.

4. The Committee will review from time to time Board

diversity to bring in professional performance

in different areas of operations, transparency,

corporate governance. The Company will keep

succession planning and board diversity in mind

in recommending any new name of Director for

appointment to the Board.

5. The eligibility criteria for appointment of KMPs and

other senior management personnel shall vary

for different positions depending upon the job

description of the relevant position. In particular, the

position of KMPs shall be filled by Senior Personnel

having relevant qualifications and experience.

Directors and Officers Liability Insurance

(D&O)

As per the provisions of the Act, the Company has taken

a Directors and Officers Liability Insurance (D&O) on

behalf of all Directors including Independent Directors,

Officers, Managers and Employees of the Company for

indemnifying any of them against any liability in respect

of any negligence, default, misfeasance, breach of duty

or breach of trust for which they may be guilty in relation

to the Company.

Statutory Reports

| 215 |

$118$/5(3257ৱ৯ৱৱৱ৲

| 214 |

LT FOODS LIMITED:

Managing Director of the Company draws salary from Daawat Foods Limited, subsidiary

company.

Corporate Social Responsibility and Environment, Social and Governance Committee:

The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee was formed pursuant to Section 135 of the Act, as amended, read with

the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility

Policy) Amendment Rules, 2021, to formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate Social Responsibility Policy

indicating the activities to be undertaken by the Company as specified in Schedule VII to the Act, to recommend the

amount of expenditure to be incurred on such activities, action plan and to monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility

Policy of the Company from time to time. Board of Directors in its meeting dated May 30, 2022, extended the scope of

the Corporate & Social Responsibility Committee and included Environment, Social & Governance as a part of it, and

renamed the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee as Corporate Social Responsibility and Environment, Social

and Governance Committee.

Details of the Company’s spend on CSR activities are available in CSR Report, as approved by the CSR&ESG Committee,

attached to the Director’s Report and also available on the website of the Company.

During the financial year 2022-23, the Committee met three times i.e. on May 30, 2022, July 29, 2022 and January 30,

2023. The Chairperson of the CSR & ESG Committee was present at the last AGM, held on September 30, 2022.

Details of Directors who are members of the CSR & ESG Committee and their attendance in the meetings held during

the financial year 2022-23 is as follows:

Sl.

No.

Name

Designation

Attendance in Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee Meetings held on

May 30, 2022

July 29, 2022

January 30, 2023

1.

Mrs. Neeru Singh

Chairperson

Yes

Yes

Yes

2.

Mr. Vijay Kumar Arora

Member

No

Yes

Yes

3.

Mr. Ashwani Kumar Arora

Member

Yes

Yes

Yes

4.

Mr. Abhiram Seth

Member

Yes

Yes

Yes

Corporate Social Responsibility Policy

The Company has a Policy on Corporate Social

Responsibility which outlines the Company’s philosophy

and responsibility of aspiring to be a responsible

corporate citizen, behave ethically & endeavors to

contribute towards sustainable development with the

strategies, policies and actions aligned with the wider

social, economic & environmental concerns. The Policy

strives towards welfare and sustainable development of

the different segments of the community, specifically the

deprived and underprivileged segment.

The Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of the

Company (“CSR Policy”) is available on the website of

the Company and can be accessed at: http://ltgroup.in/

pdf/LT-Foods-CSR-Policy-2021.pdf

Note: There is no change in the above list from the end of the financial year 2022-23 till the date of this report.

(INR in Lakhs)

Name of the Director

Sitting fees paid

Mr. Abhiram Seth

7.55

Mrs. Ambika Sharma

6.35

Mr. Anil Khandelwal

4.75

Mrs. Neeru Singh

7.15

Total

25.80

Note: Amount of Rs. 6.80 has been adjusted from Securities Premium Account

The details of remuneration paid to the Executive Directors during the financial year ending March 31, 2023 are as under:

Senior Management Personnel

As per the provisions of Regulation 34 (3) read with Para C (5B) of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, details of

Senior Management are as follows:

Role / Terms of Reference of CSR & ESG

Committee

The role / terms of reference of the CSR & ESG Committee

include the following:

1. Formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate

Social Responsibility Policy which shall indicate the

activities to be undertaken by the Company in areas

or subject, specified in Schedule VII to the Act;

2. Recommend the amount of expenditure to be

incurred on the activities referred to in clause above;

3. Monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of

the Company from time to time;

4. To recommend the amount to be spent by the

Company towards CSR activities;

S.

No.

Name

Designation

7

Mr. Manoj Chugh

Vice President and Head of RM Procurement

8

Mr. Varun Sharma

Vice President & Chief Digital Officer

9

Ms. Anu Sharma

Assistant Vice President & Head of Legal & Insurance

10

Mr. Namit Mehra

Assistant Vice President & Head of Ocean Freight Buying

Statutory Reports

| 217 |

$118$/5(3257ৱ৯ৱৱৱ৲

| 216 |

LT FOODS LIMITED:

Managing Director & CEO,

one Independent, one Non-Executive Director and one

senior management personnel of the Company. The

Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary

to the Committee.

During the financial year 2022-23, the Committee met

two times i.e. on October 28, 2022 and January 30, 2023.

Further, the time gap between two consecutive meetings

did not exceed 180 days. The Chairman of the Risk

Management Committee was present at the last AGM,

held on September 30, 2022.

A comprehensive risk management policy is formulated

to notify members of the Board of Directors about

effective risk assessment and minimization procedures.

The policy is available at weblink: http://www.ltgroup.in/

pdf/LT-Foods%20-Risk-Management.pdf

Details of Directors who are members of the Risk Management Committee and their attendance in the meetings held

during the financial year 2022-23 is as follows:

S

No.

Name

Designation

Attendance in Risk Management

Committee Meetings held on

October 28, 2022

January 30, 2023

1.

Mr. Ashwani Kumar Arora

Chairman

Yes

Yes

2.

Mr. Abhiram Seth

Member

Yes

Yes

3.

Mr. Ashok Kumar Arora

Member

Yes

Yes

4.

Mr. Alrumaih Sulaiman Abdulrahman S*

Member

NA

NA

S

No.

Name

Designation

Attendance in Stakeholder’s

Relationship Committee Meetings

held on July 27, 2022

1.

Mrs. Neeru Singh

Chairperson

Yes

2.

Mr. Ashwani Arora

Member

Yes

3.

Mr. Surinder Arora

Member

Yes

4.

Mr. Abhiram Seth

Member

Yes

Role

/

Terms

of

Reference

of

Risk

Management Committee

The terms of reference of the Committee is in line with

the regulatory requirements mandated by Regulation 21

and Part D of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations which

inter alia includes the following:

1. To formulate a detailed Risk Management Policy

which shall include:

a.

A framework for identification of internal and

external risks specifically faced by the Company, in

particular including financial, operational, sectoral,

sustainability (Particularly, ESG related risks),

information, cyber security risks or any other risk

as may be determined by the Committee.

b. Measures for risk mitigation including systems and

processes for internal control of identified risks.

c.

Business continuity plan.

2. To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes

and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate

risks associated with the business of the Company;

3. To monitor and oversee implementation of the

risk management policy, including evaluating the

adequacy of risk management systems;

4. To periodically review the risk management policy, at

least once in two years, including by considering the

changing industry dynamics and evolving complexity;

5. To keep the Board of Directors informed about

the

nature

and

content

of

its

discussions,

recommendations and actions to be taken;

6. The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration

of the Chief Risk Officer (if any) shall be subject to

review by the Risk Management Committee.

7. The Risk Management Committee shall coordinate

its activities with other committees, in instances

where there is any overlap with activities of such

committees, as per the framework laid down by the

Board of Directors.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee:

Section 178(5) of the Act prescribes that a company

that consists of more than one thousand shareholders,

debenture holders, deposit-holders and any other

security holders at any time during a financial year shall

constitute a Stakeholders Relationship Committee.

The Board of Directors of the Company has constituted

Stakeholders Relationship Committee (“Committee”).

The role of the Committee includes resolving the

grievances of stakeholders ensuring expeditious share

transfer process in line with the proceedings of the Share

Transfer Committee, evaluating performance and service

standards of the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of

the Company. The present Committee comprises of four

Board members out of which two are executive and two

are Independent Directors. Pursuant to Regulation 6 of

Listing Regulations, Company Secretary of the Company

acts as the Compliance Officer of the Company and

Secretary to the Committee.

During the financial year 2022-23, the Committee met

one time i.e. on July 27, 2022. The Chairman of the

Stakeholders Relationship Committee was present at the

last AGM, held on September 30, 2022.

Name and designation of compliance officer:

Mrs. Monika Chawla Jaggia, Vice President – Finance &

Strategy is the Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

of the Company.

Number of shareholders’ complaints received so far:

The number of shareholders’ complaints received and

resolved during financial year 2022-23 is given below:

Number of shareholders’ complaints received:

2

Number of shareholders’ complaints resolved:

2

Number not solved to the satisfaction of

shareholders:

None

Number of pending complaints:

Nil

* Appointed as member of Risk Management Committee w.e.f. February 28, 2023.

Details of Directors who are members of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee and their attendance in the

meetings held during the financial year 2022-23 is as follows:

Please refer Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report for status of other stakeholder’s complaints received, if any.

Statutory Reports

| 219 |

$118$/5(3257ৱ৯ৱৱৱ৲

| 218 |

LT FOODS LIMITED:

Managing Director

& CEO of the Company is given below:

“I hereby confirm that the Company has obtained from

all the members of the Board and Senior Management

Personnel, affirmation that they have complied with the

‘Code of Conduct’ in respect of the financial year 2022-

23.”

Ashwani Kumar Arora: Managing

Managing Director of the Company.

2. Shareholders’ Rights:

The quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results

of the Company are posted on the Company’s website

and extracts of these results in the prescribed format

are published in the newspapers on an all India basis.

Significant events are also posted on the Company’s

website under the ‘News & Media’ section. The complete

Annual Report and the financial results, along with the

Media Statements and presentations on such results,

are also available on the website of the Company.

3. Audit Opinion

It has always been the Company’s endeavour to

present Financial Statements with unmodified audit

opinion, i.e. without any qualification. The Statutory

Auditors have issued an unmodified audit opinion on

the Company’s Financial Statements for the financial

year ended March 31, 2023.

4. Internal Audit

The Internal Audit Team reports to the Chief Financial

Officer who reports to the Audit Committee of the

Board.

Details of utilization of funds raised through

preferential

allotment

or

qualified

institutions

placement as specified under Regulation 32 (7A).

For the purpose of strengthening of the balance sheet,

to act on any organic and inorganic growth opportunities

across geographies and product categories Company

has acquired 29.52% stake in its material subsidiary

Daawat Foods Limited. Post this transaction, Daawat

Foods Limited has become a wholly owned subsidiary of

the Company.

For the said purpose Company has, during the financial

year 2022-23, issued 27,408,164 (Twenty Seven Million

Four Hundred Eight Thousand One Hundred and Sixty

Four) equity shares of face value of INR 1/- (Rupee One)

per equity share at the premium of 141.23/- (Rupees

One Hundred and Forty One and Twenty Three Paise)

per Equity Share for an aggregate subscription amount

of INR 3,898,263,165.72/- (Rupees Three Billion Eight

Hundred and Ninety Eight Million Two Hundred and

Sixty Three Thousand One Hundred Sixty Five and Paise

Seven Two) to Salic International Investment Company,

a limited liability company duly incorporated under the

laws of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with registration

number 1010769582.

Disclosures relating to the Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013

The Company is committed to ensuring that all employees

work in an environment that not only promotes diversity

and equality but also mutual trust, equal opportunity and

respect for human rights. As per the requirement of the

Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,

Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and the Rules

made thereunder, the Company has adopted a Policy

Framework for Prohibition, Prevention and Redressal

of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace, for the

prevention of sexual harassment which is aimed at

providing every woman at the workplace a safe, secure

and dignified work environment and constituted an

Internal Complaints Committee to deal with complaints

relating to sexual harassment at workplace.

Internal Complaints Committees (ICC) have been

constituted as per procedure prescribed in the law.

Any complaint, if received, shall be investigated and

conducted as per the tenets of the law and Company

policy. The details of ICC members have been prominently

displayed across all offices in publicly accessible areas.

Further, awareness and training sessions about the

Prevention of Sexual Harassment at workplace are being

conducted.

The ICC administers a formal process to review and

investigate all concerns and undertakes appropriate

actions required to resolve the reported matters. The

details relating to the number of complaints received

and disposed off during the financial year 2022-23 are

as under:

Number of complaints filed during the financial year - Nil

Number of complaints disposed off during the financial

year - Nil

Number of complaints pending as at the end of the

financial year - Nil

Disclosure of Accounting Treatment

The financial statements of the Company have been

prepared

in

accordance

with

Indian

Accounting

Standards (“Ind AS”) notified under the Companies

(Indian

Accounting

Standards)

Rules,

2015

and

Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) (Amendment)

Rules, 2016 read with Section 133 of the Act.

Commodity Price Risk and Foreign Exchange Risk &

Hedging Activities

Your Company has managed the foreign exchange risk

with appropriate hedging activities in accordance with its

policies. The Company uses forward exchange contracts

to hedge against its foreign currency exposures. Foreign

exchange transactions are covered with strict limits

placed on the amount of uncovered exposure, if any,

at any point in time. Company has a robust framework

and governance mechanism in place to ensure that the

organisation is reasonably protected from the market

volatility in terms of price and availability. The aim of the

Company’s approach to manage currency risk is to leave

the Company with the no material residual risk.

For more details on foreign currency exposure please

refer notes to the Financial Statements forming part of

this Annual Report.

Disclosures by Management to the Board

All disclosures related to financial and commercial

transactions where Directors & Promoters may have

a potential interest are provided to the Board and the

interested Directors do not participate in the discussion

nor do they vote on such matters.

Compliance by the Company

The Company has materially complied with the

requirements of the SEBI and other statutory authorities

on all matters relating to capital markets during the last

three years.

During the last three financial years there were following

instances of non-compliances basis which the Stock

exchanges have imposed fines as per their defined SOP’s

viz. Non-compliance under Regulation 17(1) of the Listing

Regulations pertaining to the composition of the Board

including failure to appoint Women Director during the

financial year 2020-21 and under Regulation 23 of the

Listing Regulations pertaining delay in filing of half –

yearly Related Party Transaction Report by the Company

during the financial year 2022-23.

Governance of Subsidiary Companies

The minutes of the Board Meetings of the subsidiary

companies along with the details of significant

transactions and arrangements entered into by the

subsidiary companies are shared with the Board of

Directors on a quarterly basis. The Financial Statements

of the subsidiary companies are presented to the Audit

Committee. The Board has appointed an independent

Director of the Company on the Board of directors of

unlisted material subsidiary. The Company have material

subsidiaries as on the date of this Report details of which

are provided in the Notes to the financial statements

for the financial year ended 2022-23 alongwith the

information in respect of the loans and advances in

the nature of loans to subsidiaries/firms/companies in

which directors are interested pursuant to Regulation

34 of the Listing Regulations. Further, details of material

subsidiaries including the date and place of incorporation

and the name and date of appointment of the statutory

auditors of such subsidiaries are as follows:

Particulars of

Company

Name of

Statutory

Auditor

Date of

Appointment

of Statutory

Auditor

DAAWAT Foods Limited

(Subsidiary)

MSKA &

Associates

30.11.2019

LT Foods Americas, Inc.

(Fellow Subsidiary)

BDO India LLP

10.03.2021

The policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiaries is

available on the website of the Company under “Policies

& Guidelines” section and can be accessed at: http://

ltgroup.in/pdf/LT-Foods-Material-Subsidiary-Policy-2021.

pdf.

Disclosure of certain types of agreements binding

listed entities

Pursuant to the provisions of clause 5A of paragraph A of

Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations Company

was already in compliance with the requirement of

disclosing details of all binding agreements. Details of

agreements entered into by the shareholders, promoters,

promoter group entities, related parties, directors, key

managerial personnel, employees of the listed entity or

of its holding, subsidiary or associate company, among

themselves or with the Company or with a third party,

solely or jointly, which, either directly or indirectly or

potentially or whose purpose and effect is to, impact

the management or control of the Company or impose

any restriction or create any liability upon it, including

Statutory Reports

| 231 |

$118$/5(3257ৱ৯ৱৱৱ৲

| 230 |

LT FOODS LIMITED:

Managing Director & CEO, and Mr. Sachin Gupta, CFO of

the Company was placed before the Board of Directors of

the Company at its meeting held on May 18, 2023 and is

annexed to this Report as Annexure II.

Confirmation of Compliance

It is confirmed that the Company has complied with the

requirements prescribed under Regulations 17 to 27 and

clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of

the Listing Regulations.

The Secretarial Auditors’ Certificate certifying that the

Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance is annexed to this Report as Annexure III.

For and on behalf of

Board of Directors of LT Foods Limited

Gurugram

Vijay Kumar Arora

July 28, 2023

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director & CEO and Chief Financial Officer, certify to the Board of Directors of LT Foods Limited (the

“Company”) that:

a.

We have reviewed the financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year ended on March 31, 2023 and

that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

i.

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain

statements that might be misleading.

ii.

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with

the existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

b. There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year

which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

c.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and we have

evaluated the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and

we have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design and operation of such

internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these

deficiencies.

d. We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:

i.

that there are no significant changes in internal control during the year;

ii.

that there are no significant changes in accounting policies during the year other than those which have been

disclosed in the notes to the financial statements; and

iii. that there are no instances of significant fraud of which we became aware or the involvement therein, of any

member of management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system

over financial reporting.

Ashwani Kumar Arora

Sachin Gupta: Managing

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Surinder Kumar Arora: Managing

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Surinder Kumar Arora: Managing

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

