Dear Stakeholders,

This past year has been characterised by bold

decision-making in the face of adversity and

has undoubtedly resulted in large-scale change.

Our dedicated team worked tirelessly to ensure

stability and lay the foundation for the next

phase of Ascendis’ growth and value-creation

journey. We deeply thank our committed

workforce; their resilience and effort have been

instrumental in this year’s achievements. Our

focus on placing the right people in the right

roles led to significant organisational shifts, and

while this journey hasn’t been easy, it has been

worthwhile.

Supported by an efficient leadership structure, we have

successfully formed a team poised to execute our strategy.

Our board has been pivotal in fostering a consistent

governance framework and offering unwavering support to

the management. Their steadfast belief in the executive team

fostered an environment conducive to swift and decisive

actions. We are also immensely thankful to our shareholders,

particularly the anchor group that shares our vision for the

future.

Navigating complex challenges

Throughout the past year, the Group has navigated a myriad of

localised and macroeconomic challenges.

Our medical device distribution businesses faced a weakening

Rand, supply chain issues, and hard currency supplier cost

increases. Despite these pressures on our margins, we

effectively negotiated with customers and suppliers, leveraging

innovative solutions to mitigate these challenges and expand

our market share.

CEO AND CHAIRMAN REVIEW

14

ASCENDIS HEALTH LTD | INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023:

letter.

•

Conducted an annual assessment of the committee and

its members.

•

Considered and was satisfied with the appropriateness of

the expertise and experience of the acting CFO and the

finance department.

•

Reviewed the Group insurance cover in place and ensured

that the Group was sufficiently covered.

•

Reviewed and updated the levels of authority framework.

•

Monitored the progress made to improve tax processes,

controls and compliance across the Group, and

considered whether the correct tax treatment had been

applied.

•

Ensured that the Group has established appropriate

financial reporting procedures and that those procedures

are operating effectively.

Human capital committee

The Human capital committee is responsible for matters

pertaining to remuneration and nominations, including the

remuneration report which is presented to the shareholders at

the AGM for non-binding votes on the remuneration policy and

the implementation thereof.

Composition

Chairman: Amaresh Chetty (independent non-executive

director)

Other members: Bharti Harie (independent non-executive

director) and Carl Neethling (executive director)

The human resources and transformation manager regularly

attends meetings at the invitation of the committee.

Harry Smit stepped down from all subcommittees and the

board after the AGM on 30 November 2022. The committee

has implemented a board-approved charter which is reviewed

annually.

Refer to the Remuneration report on pages 38 to 44.

Role and responsibilities of the

Human capital committee

•

Ensure the Group has a remuneration policy which is

aligned with the Company’s strategic objectives and

goals, is competitive in the marketplace, and aligned to

shareholders’ interests

•

Review and approve the remuneration of executive

directors and senior managers

•

Review and approve payments in terms of the annual

Short-term Incentive scheme, based on performance

measures

•

Review and approve incentive schemes

•

Propose annual fees for non-executive directors for

approval at the AGM

•

Determine a long-term strategy for the retention and

development of executives and key personnel

•

Ensure effective succession planning is in place for

executives and senior managers

•

Ensure the board and its committees have an appropriate

balance of skills, experience, gender and diversity

•

Identify and nominate candidates for appointment to the

board and committees

•

Coordinate the annual board and committee evaluation

process

•

Review the performance of the chairman and members

of the board and committees annually, as well as the

CEO, acting CFO, and company secretary

•

Co-ordinate the induction programme for new directors

and continuing development for all directors

•

Recommend to shareholders the annual re-election of

non-executive directors by rotation and the appointment

of Audit and risk committee members

•

The Human capital committee has a policy on the

promotion of broader diversity at board level specifically

focusing on gender, age, race, culture, field of

knowledge, skills and expertise.:

managing director of Calibre Capital, a material shareholder in the Company, and he brings

to the Company a wealth of broad experience across several sectors and business disciplines,

including private equity, asset management and investment research. Theunis has been educated

in South Africa (University of Pretoria and UNISA) and the United States of America (Harvard).:

