letter should

be in the format viz. ‘Corporate Name Event no.’.

6.

The voting rights of the Members shall be in

proportion to the number of shares held by them

in the equity share capital of the Company as on

the cut-off date being Tuesday, June 16, 2020.:

letter from

M/s. Pathak H.D. & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants

that they are not disqualified from continuing as the Auditors

of the Company.

The Auditors in their report of Consolidated Financial

Statements have given a qualified opinion, in response to

which the Company stated that it has been legally advised

that the clarification issued and observation inter-alia made

regarding method of estimating depreciation adopted for

preparing standalone financial statements of the subsidiaries

and for preparing consolidated financial statements by Ind AS

Transition Facilitation Group (ITFG) of Ind AS Implementation

Committee of the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of

India (the ICAI) will not be applicable to it, as the Company has

been following different methods of depreciation in subsidiaries

and in Consolidated Financial Statements since inception and

as required by Ind AS 101 read with Ind AS 16 has continued

the methods of providing depreciation even under Ind AS

regime. The Parent Company accordingly continued to provide

depreciation in its Consolidated Financial Statements by

straight line method, which is different as compared to the

written down value method considered appropriate by two of

its subsidiaries.:

Letter of

Credit (LC) as Payment Security Mechanism (PSM) under

Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) by DISCOMs; treating: letter of comfort (undertaking) issued by state-run firms such

as PFC, REC and IREDA at par with bank guarantees to reduce

procedural delays for bidding in clean energy projects; and

removal of tariff cap on solar and wind power auctions.

However, the emerging economic disruption caused by the

COVID-19 pandemic has added to the challenges facing

the power sector. There has been a sharp decline in the

electricity demand, by 20 to 25%, primarily from industrial

and commercial consumer segments, arising from lockdown

announced by the Government to contain the outbreak of

COVID-19. To provide relief to consumers, various State

Governments / Discoms have extended due date of bill

payments. As a consequence, revenue loss and average

lower realisation by DISCOMs has led to Generating and

Transmission companies struggling to collect their receivables

from DISCOMs to sustain their levels of operations.

Recognising the challenges faced by DISCOMs, Ministry of

Power (MoP) has initiated several measures like reduction of

late payment surcharge (LPS) and reduction of 50% in the

Letter of Credit mechanism required to be maintained by the

DISCOMs when scheduling power.

To address the liquidity challenges emerging from the

lockdown and consequent economic impact, Reserve Bank

of India (RBI) allowed banks to grant moratorium period for

all principal and interest payments and permitted to defer

recovery of interest applied on working capital facilities during

the three month period of 1st March, 2020 to 31st May

2020. In order to provide relief to generating companies and

increase liquidity in the system, Coal India Limited allowed

the facility of usance letter of credit for payment of coal.

Demand and supply outlook

On the demand side India’s per capita power consumption is at

~1181 kWh/ year (as on March, 2019), which is about one-

third of the world’s average ~3400 kWh/ year consumption.

Growing population along with increasing electrification and

per-capita usage, and expansion in economic activities are

expected to drive growth in power consumption.

However, in FY 2019-20, peak power demand growth

moderated to 3.8 percent and demand growth in energy

terms was 1.2 percent. The economy hit a multi-quarter

low and going forward, the electricity demand is expected to

contract owing to global recession, largely driven by slippages

in commercial and industrial demand. With the industrial

and commercial sector together accounting for nearly 50%

of the country’s electricity consumption, a decline in their

consumption would no doubt weigh down on overall demand

of generation accordingly.

Although there has been an increase in installed power

generation capacity in 2019-20 from the year ago, it falls

well short of the set target, mainly due to the lower capacity

addition by the conventional power sources, which dominate

the country’s power mix (77% of installed generation

capacity).

There has been a progressive shift towards renewable sources

(wind, solar, bio and small hydro). In the last 5 years, the

share of renewable energy in the installed capacity has

increased from ~12% (32 GW in March 2015) to ~23% (87

GW in March 2020).

Low demand scenario impacted performance of coal-based

thermal power generation, the source of two-thirds of energy

supply, which saw a decline of 12.5 percent YoY. PLF of coal-

letter dated

May 30, 2018 has issued directions to the CERC and

other State regulators to consider the revised emission

standards as Change in Law (CIL) and accordingly

devise an appropriate regulatory mechanism to address

the impact on tariff. In the present sector context,

banks and financial institutions are not forthcoming to

finance the additional capital expenditure arising from

implementation of new environment norms. Certainty

in cost recovery on account of additional capital and

operational cost under concluded long-term and

medium-term PPAs will hold key to timely completion

of additional capital expenditure.

Sasan Ultra Mega Power Project, developed by Sasan

Power Ltd., is the most competitive thermal power

supplier for all its procurers; has a long-term Power

Purchase Agreement (PPA) in place and a strong

payment security mechanism mitigating risks relating

to demand and weak financial condition of distribution

companies. Further, it has a captive coal mine, which

provides complete fuel security. During FY 2019-20,

Sasan achieved Plant Load Factor (PLF) of 95.85%,

which is the highest in the country, for the second

successive year. Rosa Power Project, developed by Rosa

Power Supply Company Ltd., operates under a cost-

plus business model wherein tariffs are determined by

the State Regulator under Section 62 of Electricity

Act. Rosa Power too has a long-term PPA in place

and has a three-tier payment security mechanism

mitigating demand & payment related risks. Rosa has

always achieved higher fuel supply materialisation and

has recorded consistently high plant availability, with

FY 2019-20 witnessing a plant availability of 98%.

Sasan Power and Rosa Power have been working in right

earnest on regulatory, procurement and financing tracks

towards implementation of projects to comply with

new environmental norms. Your Company’s renewable

portfolio is fully contracted thus mitigating demand

risks.

As brought out above, your Company’s operating

portfolio is significantly insulated from sector specific

risks.:

Managing Director (CMD) of Bharat Heavy

Electricals Limited (BHEL), which ranks among the

leading Companies of the world engaged in the field of

power plant equipment. As CMD, he was responsible for

maximizing market-share and establishing BHEL as a

total solution provider in the power sector. The company

was ranked 9th in terms of market capitalisation in India

during his tenure at BHEL. He had handled a variety of

assignments during his long career spanning over 36

years. His areas of expertise are design and engineering,

construction and project management of thermal, hydro,

nuclear, gas based power plants and marketing of power

projects.

Shri Ravikumar had the unique distinction of having

booked USD 25 billion order for BHEL. His vision was to

transform BHEL into a world class engineering enterprise,

towards this, he pursued a growth strategy based on the

twin plans of building both capacity and capability and

this had resulted in an increase in BHEL’s manufacturing

capacity from 10,000 MW to 20,000 MW per annum.

He also introduced new technologies in the field of

coal and gas based power plants for the first time in

the country, such as supercritical thermal sets of 660

MW and above rating, advance class gas turbines large

size CFBC boilers and large size nuclear sets. BHEL has

the distinction of having installed over 1,00,000 MW of

power plant equipment worldwide.

Shri Ravikumar had also forged a number of strategic

tie ups for BHEL with leading Indian utilities and

corporates like NTPC Limited, Tamilnadu State Electricity

Board, Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited,

Karnataka Power Corporation Limited, Heavy Engineering

Corporation Limited to leverage equipment sales and

develop alternative sources for equipment needed for

the country. He had guided BHEL’s technology strategy

to maintain the technology edge in the market place with

a judicious mix of internal development of technologies:

Letter of Intent (LoI) for long-

term supply of coal for its Unit 1 from Western Coal Fields Limited (WCL) and has taken steps towards execution

of Fuel Supply Agreement for Unit 1, thereby extending long-term security of fuel supply to Unit 1, that is already

available for Unit 2. However, WCL has issued a: letter cancelling the LoI for Unit 1 on the assumption that PPA

has been terminated by AEML, which VIPL is contesting at the appropriate forum. With this, both 300 MW units

of VIPL will have long-term security of fuel supply. Subsequent to the quarter ended on December 31, 2019, one

of the lenders of VIPL has filed an application under the provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016

(IBC) seeking debt resolution of VIPL. VIPL has been in discussion with all its lenders for a resolution outside the

Corporate Insolvency resolution process (CIRP). In view of the above, the financial statements of the VIPL have

been prepared on a going concern basis.

(b)

RSTEPL is actively engaged with the lenders to restructure the terms of loan and is confident of achieving the debt

resolution and further since there exist support from Parent Company to repay the debt and other obligations, the

financial statement of RSTEPL have been prepared on going concern.

36.

As at March 31, 2020, the current liabilities of the Group exceed the current assets. The Group is confident of restructuring

the loans consequent to which there would be no mismatch in the cash flows. Even otherwise the Group expects to

generate sufficient and timely cash flows through time bound monetisation of gas based power plant equipments

and other assets of certain subsidiaries as also realize amount from regulatory/ arbitration claims. Notwithstanding

the dependence on material uncertain events including finalisation of restructuring of lending arrangements, sale of

equipment and favourable and timely outcome of various claims, the Group is confident that such cash flows would

enable it to service its debt, realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of its business. Accordingly,

the consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared on a going concern basis.

37.

During the year, Adani Electricity (Mumbai) Limited terminated the Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) with VIPL as

the plant was un-operational since January 15, 2019. The termination was considered as valid by the Maharashtra

Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) vide its Order dated December 16, 2019. VIPL has challenged the termination

order before the Appellate Tribunal of Electricity (APTEL). As per the terms of the PPA, the entire output of the plant

was to be supplied to AEML and the PPA was also entered for the significant part of the life of the plant, VIPL had

considered the contract as Finance Lease. Since, the PPA stands terminated the requirements of maintaining the finance

lease receivables under Ind AS 116 “Leases” does not arise and hence, VIPL reinstated the value of Property Plant and

Equipment at its fair value based on the value determined by the independent expert. As per the valuation, after giving

effect of the finance lease receivable carrying in the books there was an impairment provision of ` 1,09,419 lakhs which

was charged off to Statement of Profit and Loss as an exceptional item.

38.

Pursuant to the approval of the scheme of Amalgamation by NCLT Mumbai on August 30, 2018 and NCLT Chandigarh

on March 04, 2020, the transferor companies i.e. Amulin Hydro Power Private Limited, Emini Hydro Power Private

Limited, Mihundon Hydro Power Private Limited, Lara Sumta Hydro Power Private Limited, Sumte Kothang Hydro Power

Private Limited and Purthi Hydro Power Private Limited have been amalgamated with Reliance Cleangen limited, a

wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent Company with effect from March 26, 2020. The said amalgamation will not have

impact on the Consolidated Financials of Reliance Power Limited.

39.

During the year ended March 31, 2020, 12,73,21,500 equity shares, constituting 30% of Share capital, of RPSCL, a

subsidiary of the Parent Company, held as pledge for term loan facility to the Parent Company were invoked by a lender.

No impact of the said invocation has been given in the books of account except for the share holding of the Parent

Company, which stands reduced by 30% to 70%.

letter dated September 06, 2011, of its

decision not to pursue the project. Based on the Honorable High Court Order dated February 07, 2013, MEGL has received

` 3,716 lakhs in the financial year ended March 31, 2013, out of the total advance of ` 4,360 lakhs paid to the

GoM for acquisition of land. The balance amount of ` 644 lakhs receivable from the GoM is in the process of

recovery. Shetkari Sangharsh Samitee has filed Special Leave Petition in the Honorable Supreme Court of India

against the Company, requesting for the stay on the Bombay High Court Order, directing refund of MEGL deposits

by the GoM.

Further MEGL had given an advance of ` 596 lakhs to the Land Owners towards direct purchase of land and has

issued legal notice for the refund of the amount paid to them. As there are no operations in MEGL as of now, the

financial statement have not been prepared on going concern basis accordingly, assets and liabilities have been

stated at their net realisable value or cost, whichever is less.

Considering the above facts, the Group has classified assets related to projects under head ‘Assets classified as held

for sale’ and profit / (loss) of MEGL has been classified as profit / (loss) from discontinued operations.:

letter dated December 09, 2018 from Rupantarita Prakritik Gas Company Limited to stop

the construction activities of the Entity, all the operations of business carried out by the Company has been

discontinued, considering this, the Group has classified assets related to projects under head ‘Assets classified as

held for sale’ and profit/ (Loss) of RBLTL has been classified as profit/ (loss) from discontinued operations.

c)

CPPL was setting up a 6x660 MW (3,960 MW) super critical coal-fired thermal power project at Chitrangi

Tehsil in Singrauli District of Madhya Pradesh. It had received all the major clearances and approvals required for

implementation of the project. The company proposed to use coal for this project from the surplus coal up to 9

MTPA from the Moher, Moher- Amlohri Extention and Chatrasal coal Blocks allocated to Sasan Power Limited,

allowed by Ministry of Coal (MoC) vide its Gazette notification No.335 dated February 17, 2010 and balance

from other sources. The Company had participated in bid for supply of power of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation

Limited and Madhya Pradesh Power Management Company Limited.

Based on Hon’ble Supreme Court’s order dated August 25, 2014, MoC cancelled its earlier notification dated

February 17, 2010 permitting use of surplus coal from Sasan UMPP for this project resulting in frustration of the

bids due to non availability of coal.

Considering the above facts, the Group has classified assets related to the project under head ‘Assets classified as

held for sale’ and profit/ (Loss) of CPPL has been classified as profit/ (loss) from discontinued operations.

42.

Offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities

The following table presents the derivative financial instruments that are offset as at March 31, 2020 and March 31,

2019 where as per the terms of the agreement the net position owing / receivable to a single counter party in the same

currency has been offset and presented as net amount in the balance sheet.

` in lakhs

Particulars

Gross amounts

Gross amount set-off

in balance sheet

Net balance presented

in balance sheet

As at March 31, 2020

Financial Liabilities

Derivative Liabilities

8,309

39

8,270

Total

8,309

39

8,270

Financial Assets

Derivative Assets

8,710

1,762

6,948

Total

8,710

1,762

6,948

Particulars

Gross amounts

Gross amount set-off

in balance sheet

Net balance presented

in balance sheet

As at March 31, 2019

Financial liabilities

Derivative liabilities

12,588

(320)

12,268

Total

12,588

(320)

12,268

Financial assets

Derivative assets

12,195

(320)

11,875

Total

12,195

(320)

11,875:

