Managing Director

and CEO possessing more

than 19 years of versatile

experience in the areas

of retail finance, business

development, financial

management, administration

and manpower management.

Being different

Aavas could have chosen

to cater to large builders

with a large ticket size;

we selected to be present

in low and middle income

segment in suburban and

rural areas instead.

Aavas could have

addressed large, visible

and mainstreamed loan

seekers; we chose to

strengthen our appraisal

to assess customers

excluded from the formal

banking system due

to inadequate proof-

of-income documents

instead.

Geographic footprint

The Company commenced its journey from

Jaipur, Rajasthan, in 2012 and is now present

in 10 states of India, covering Rajasthan,

Maharashtra, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh,

Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Delhi,

Uttarakhand and Punjab. During the year

under review, Aavas added 40 branches,

taking the number of branches to 250 as on

March 31, 2020.

53.46

Promoter and Promoter

Group’s holding,

March 31, 2020 (%)

9311

Market capitalisation,

March 31, 2020 (H crore)

4581

Team size,

March 31, 2020

Promoter and

Promoter Group

Shareholding

Lake District Holdings

Limited (Kedaara Capital)

held 29.55%, Partners

Group ESCL Limited held

16.62% and Partners Group

Private Equity (Master Fund),

LLC held 7.29% aggregating

53.46% of the total paid-up

share capital of Aavas as on

March 31, 2020.

Human capital

Aavas comprises dedicated

and qualified professionals

like Chartered Accountants,

Company Secretaries,

Lawyers, Engineers and

MBAs from reputed

institutions such as IITs and

IIMs., enhancing a culture

of outperformance. The

Company comprised 4581

employees as on March 31,

2020.

Performance

Aavas reported profitable

growth in 2019-20.

Revenues strengthened

27%, while profit after tax

increased 41%. Net interest

margin was 8.16% and

delinquent assets (1+DPD) a

mere 2.4%.

Aavas Financiers Limited

Annual Report 2019-20

06

07:

Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer

cost of customer acquisition.

The Company is graduating from home

loan financing to life-cycle financial

engagements with customers, increasing

the non-home loan proportion of the

Company’s revenues.

The Company moderated the turnaround

time taken to process home loan

requests to one of the lowest within

India’s home loan finance sector through

the interplay of increased process

urgency and automation.

What was bigger than these standalone

factors was that the Company

outperformed the growth of the housing

finance sector without compromising

its spread, solvency, operating metrics,

liquidity and margins. This is a validation

of the fact that the stronger our customer

service the better our financials and the

more sustainable our company.

The big question: How does Aavas

intend to take this customer orientation

ahead?

We believe that our customer orientation

will be tested when what we have

achieved in terms of customer service

and experience across around 250

branches is validated across twice this

number across the foreseeable future.

We will need to map prospective

semi-urban and rural growth on the

basis of forward-looking civic plans

and proactively position our branches

in those locations. We will need to

enhance our brand visibility so that we

remain the preferred go-to option in the

locations of our presence. We will need

to customize our offerings based on

the age, geographic presence, income

and employment profile of prospective

customers. We will need to shrink our

turnaround time to the low single-digit.

We will need to increase cross-selling

and the proportion of non-home loan

customers in our overall customer mix.

We will need to leverage the credibility

of our Balance Sheet to access lower

cost funds from bankers and institutions.

We will need to apply the existing rigour

in our customer screening with the

objective to reduce our non-performing

assets further.

C E O ’ S

O V E R V I E W

In the three years

ending 2019-20,

the Company grew

its assets book at

a CAGR of 42.5%

while the housing

finance industry

grew 14.7%.

How Aavas measures on customer service

At Aavas, we believe that even as we are

predominantly a housing finance company, our

branch and distribution network makes it possible

for us to market more loan products to our target

customer profile

Proportion of business derived

from non-home loans (% to total

loan book)

Turnaround time

(days)

At Aavas, the measuring clock of our customer

service is the speed with which we service

customers, almost as if our life depends on it.

For a customer class where a superior customer

service was conventionally assumed to be a wasted

effort, we redefined the service matrix, created a

benchmark and provided this economic class with

the respect it deserves

FY18

13

FY19

14

FY20

12

FY18

18.7

FY19

24.5

FY20

26.5

Aavas Financiers Limited

Annual Report 2019-20

16

17:

Managing Director of Tandon Advance Device Private Limited and as a

Director on the Board of Accelyst Solutions Private Limited. At present, Mr. Tandon is acting as

the Executive Director of Syrma Technology Private Limited and serves as a Director in various

private companies.

Mr. Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Managing Director and CEO

(DIN No. 03154532)

He is the Managing Director and CEO of Aavas. He has been associated with Aavas since its

incorporation in 2011. Mr. Agarwal is a qualified Chartered Accountant and had secured the tenth

rank in his final examination. Further, he is a qualified Company Secretary. He was previously

associated with AuSFB as its Business Head - SME & Mortgages. Sushil Kumar Agarwal has

previously worked with ICICI Bank Limited as its Chief Manager and with Kotak Mahindra Primus

Limited as an Assistant Manager. He has more than 19 years of experience in the field of retail

financial services.

Mrs. Kalpana Iyer

Independent Director

(DIN No. 01874130)

She is an Independent Director of Aavas. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce from

the Madurai Kamaraj University. She is a qualified Chartered Accountant and a member of the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Kalpana Iyer was previously associated with Citibank

N.A., India as its Senior Vice-President, during which she was responsible for women’s banking

and microfinance. She has also previously held the position of a Director at IncValue Advisors

Private Limited. At present, she is acting as a Managing Director of Svakarma Finance Private

Limited.

Mrs. Soumya Rajan

Additional Director- Independent

(DIN No. 03579199)

Mrs. Soumya Rajan is the Founder, MD and CEO of Waterfield Advisors, India’s largest

independent Multi-Family Office that advises on assets of ~US$3.5bn. She previously worked

at Standard Chartered Bank India for 16 years, where she headed their Private Banking Division

from 2008 to 2010. Having served till earlier this year as Vice Chairperson of Reach to Teach,

a UK charity focused on primary education for disadvantaged children in India, Mrs. Soumya

Rajan currently serves on the Boards of several other non-profit organisations - Peepul, a charity

focused on creating a school transformation platform for government schools; the Indian Institute

of Technology (IIT) Gandhinagar’s Research Park and Entrepreneurship Centre; and CSTEP, a

research think tank that recommends public policy on the use of new emerging technologies for

social and economic development in the areas of energy, environment and infrastructure. Mrs.

Soumya Rajan was recognised by AIWMI in 2019 amongst India’s Top 100 Women in Finance.

Mr. Ramachandra Kasargod Kamath

Non-Executive nominee Director

(DIN No. 01715073)

He is a Nominee Director appointed on the Board of Aavas by Lake District and Kedaara AIF-1.

He holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce from the University of Mysore. He is a honorary

Fellow of the Indian Institute of Banking and Finance. Further, Mr. Kamath is a certified associate

of the Indian Institute of Bankers. He was previously associated with Corporation Bank as its

General Manager and with Punjab National Bank as its chairman and managing director. Mr.

Kamath has also served as the

Managing Director & CEO

Mrs. Kalpana Iyer

Independent Director

Mrs. Soumya Rajan

Additional Director - Independent

Mr. Ramachandra Kasargod Kamath

Non-Executive Nominee Director

Mr. Vivek Vig

Non-Executive Nominee Director

Mr. Nishant Sharma

Non-Executive Promoter Nominee Director

Mr. Manas Tandon

Non-Executive Promoter Nominee Director

Mr. Kartikeya Dhruv Kaji

Non-Executive Promoter Nominee Director

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Ghanshyam Rawat

Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

Mr. Sharad Pathak

Investor Relations

Mr. Himanshu Agrawal

E-mail: himanshu.agrawal@aavas.in

Statutory Auditors

S. R. Batliboi & Associates LLP,

Chartered Accountants

The Ruby, 14th Floor,

29 Senapati Bapat Marg, Dadar West

Mumbai 400 028, Maharashtra, India

Telephone: +91 22 6192 0000

Fax: +91 22 6192 1000

E-mail: SRBA@srb.in

Firm Registration No.: 101049W/E300004

Secretarial Auditors

M/s. V.M & Associates

Company Secretaries

403, Royal World, S.C. Road,

Jaipur-302001, Rajasthan, India

Telephone: 0141-2370954

E-mail: cs.vmanda@gmail.com

Firm Registration No.: P1984RJ039200

Internal Auditors

M/s G.M. Kapadia & Co.

Chartered Accountants

S B – One, Bapu Nagar, Near J.D.A. Circle,

Jaipur 302004, Rajasthan, India

Telephone: 0141- 2270 6925

E-mail: jaipur@gmkco.com

Firm Registration No.: 104767W

Branch Auditors

M/s S.K. Patodia & Associates

Chartered Accountants

229 Second Floor, Ganpati Plaza, M I Road,

Jaipur- 302001, Rajasthan, India

Telephone: 0141-4542400

E-mail: info@skpatodia.in

Firm Registration No.: 112723W

M/s P. Dangayach & Associates

Chartered Accountants

12, Bandhu Nagar,

Kanji Sweet Lane, Sikar Road

Jaipur, 302023 Rajasthan, India

Telephone: 0141 4042612; +91 9610 612 612

E-mail: capd.office@gmail.com

Firm Registration No.: 0013709C

Registered & Corporate Office

201-202, 2nd Floor, South End Square,

Mansarovar Industrial Area, Jaipur-302020

Rajasthan, India

Telephone: +91 141 661 8800

Fax: +91 141 661 8861

Website: www.aavas.in

Financial Institutions and Banks

Principal Bankers

Axis Bank

Bank of Baroda

Bank of India

Canara Bank

Central Bank of India

DCB Bank

Federal Bank

HDFC Bank

ICICI Bank

IDBI Bank

IDFC FIRST Bank

Indian Bank

Indian Overseas Bank

Indusind Bank

Karnataka Bank

Kotak Mahindra Bank

National Housing Bank

Punjab National Bank

RBL Bank

SBM Bank (India)

South Indian Bank

State Bank of India

UCO Bank

Union Bank of India

Financial Institutions / Mutual Funds

Asian Development Bank (ADB)

CDC plc group (CDC)

HDFC Mutual Fund

ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund

International Finance Corporation (IFC)

Maxlife Insurance

Nippon India Mutual Fund

SBI Life Insurance

Debenture Trustees

IDBI TRUSTEESHIP SERVICES LIMITED

Asian Building, Ground Floor,

17, R. Kamani Marg, Ballard Estate,

Mumbai – 400 001.

Maharashtra, India

Tel: +91 22 4080 7015

Fax: +91 22 6631 1776

Website: www.idbitrustee.com

CATALYST TRUSTEESHIP LIMITED

GDA House, Plot No. 85

Bhusari Colony (Right), Paud Road

Pune 411 038,

Maharashtra, India

Tel: +91 20 2528 0081

Fax: +91 20 2528 0275

Website: www.catalysttrustee.com

Registrar & Transfer Agent

Link Intime India Private Limited

C-101, 1st Floor, 247 Park

L.B.S. Marg Vikhroli (West) Mumbai 400 083

Maharashtra, India

Tel: +91 22 4918 6200

Fax: +91 22 4918 6195

Website: www.linkintime.co.in

Aavas Financiers Limited

Annual Report 2019-20

52

53:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (“MD and CEO”)

of the Company from Whole Time Director and Chief Executive

Officer (“WTD and CEO”).

DEPOSITS

During the period under review, your Company has neither

invited nor accepted nor renewed any fixed deposits from public

within the meaning of Chapter V of the Companies Act, 2013

(“Act”) read with the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules,

2014.

RECOGNITION:

•

The Company has been included in MSCI India Domestic

Small-cap index in this Financial Year.

•

Your Company continued to enjoy following ISO certifications

for its key customer facing departments and workflow

processes from TUV Nord India reflecting the superior

customer experience.

i.

ISO 9001:2015 for Lending process; e-disbursements

and client servicing including Grievance Redressal

Mechanism and;

ii.

ISO 10002:2014 for customer satisfaction and

complaint handling process.

CREDIT RATING

During the Financial Year under review, all credit ratings assigned

to the Company have been reaffirmed by respective credit rating

agencies.

The details of the same are mentioned below:-

Rating Agency

Rating Type

Nature of Borrowing

External Credit Rating

CARE

Long Term Rating

Long Term Banking Facilities and Instrument-Subordinated Debt

“CARE AA- / Stable”

Short Term Rating

Commercial Paper

“CARE A1+”

ICRA

Long Term Rating

Long Term Banking Facilities and Non-Convertible Debentures

(“NCDs”)

“ICRA A+ / Positive”

Short Term Rating

Commercial Paper

“ICRA A1+”

CRISIL

Long Term Rating

Long Term Banking Facilities

“CRISIL A+/ Stable”:

Managing Director and CEO as on March 31, 2020 who bring in a wide range of skills

and experience to the Board.

The Board of Directors of the Company are:-

Name of the Director

Designation

DIN

Mr. Sandeep Tandon

Chairperson and Independent Director

00054553

Mr. Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Promoter Nominee Director

(DIN: 03154532)

(DIN: 05254602)

Date: May 14, 2020

Date: May 14, 2020

Place: Jaipur

Place: Mumbai

Registered and Corporate Office:

201-202, 2nd Floor, South End Square,

Mansarover Industrial Area, Jaipur 302 020, Rajasthan, India

CIN: L65922RJ2011PLC034297

Tel: +91 14 1661 8800 Fax: +91 14 1661 8861

E-mail: investorrelations@aavas.in | Website: www.aavas.in

Annexure-1

CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

(pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)

To,

The Members,

Aavas Financiers Limited

201-202, 2nd Floor, South End Square

Mansarover Industrial Area

Jaipur- 302 020, Rajasthan, India

We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Aavas Financiers

Limited having CIN: L65922RJ2011PLC034297 and having registered office at 201-202, 2nd Floor, South End Square, Mansarover

Industrial Area, Jaipur- 302 020, Rajasthan, India (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before us by the Company

for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN)

status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company & its officers, we

hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ending on March 31,

2020 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange

Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or National Housing Bank or any such other Statutory Authority.

Sr. No

Name of the Director

DIN

1

Mr. Sushil Kumar Agarwal

03154532

2

Mr. Sandeep Tandon

00054553

3

Mr. Vivek Vig

01117418

4

Mr. Ramchandra Kasargod Kamath

01715073

5

Mrs. Kalpana Iyer

01874130

6

Mr. Nishant Sharma

03117012

7

Mrs. Soumya Rajan

03579199

8

Mr. Manas Tandon

05254602

9

Mr. Kartikeya Dhruv Kaji

07641723

10

Mr. Krishan Kant Rathi*

00040094

*Ceased from the Directorship of the Company during Financial Year 2019-20.

Ensuring the eligibility of, for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of

the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs

of the Company.

Place: Jaipur

For V. M. & Associates

Date: May 14, 2020

Company Secretaries

UDIN: F003355B000239571

(ICSI Unique Code P1984RJ039200)

CS Manoj Maheshwari

Partner

Membership No.: FCS 3355

C P No.: 1971:

Managing Director are Non-Executive Directors. Out of the

eight Non-Executive Directors, three are Independent Directors,

including two Women Independent Directors. The Chairperson of

the Company is a Non-Executive Independent Director and not

related to the: Managing Director & CEO.

None of the Directors of the Company are related to each other.

Eight (8) Directors of the Company have been appointed by the

Members of the Company. Appointment of Mrs. Soumya Rajan,

being Additional Director in the capacity of Independent Director,

is subject to the approval of the Shareholders in the ensuing

Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company. None of the

Directors of the Company held directorship in more than 8 listed

companies. No Independent Director of the Company served

as an Independent Director in more than 7 listed companies.

Further, none of the Non-Executive Directors is serving as a

Whole Time Director / Managing Director in any listed entity or

holds independent directorship in more than three listed entities.

The composition of the Board is in conformity with the provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred as “Act”) and

regulatory requirements including the SEBI LODR Regulations.

Further, no Director of the Company is Member in more than

10 Committees across public companies in which he/she is a

Director or acting as Chairperson of more than 5 Committees

across all listed companies in which he/she is a Director.

The Composition of the Board of Directors of the Company are

given below:-

Name of Director

Designation and

Category

DIN

No. & (%)

of Equity

shares

Held *

Number

of other

Directorship

**

No of Committees***

Qualification/

Experience

As

Member

As

Chairperson

Mr. Sandeep

Tandon****

Chairperson-

Independent

Director (Non-

Executive)

00054553

-

10

2

1

Bachelor’s and

Master’s in Electrical

Engineering (More

than 20 Years)

Mr. Sushil Kumar

Agarwal*****

Managing Director

& CEO (Executive)

03154532

29,21,812

(3.73%)

2

1

0

C.A. and C.S. (More

than 18 Years)

Mrs. Kalpana Iyer Director

(Independent -

Non- Executive)

01874130

7,608

(0.01%)

2

1

1

C.A. (More than 25

Years)

Mrs. Soumya

Rajan#

Additional Director/

(Independent -

Non- Executive)

03579199

-

7

0

0

PG in Mathematics

(More than 23

years)

Mr. Ramachandra

Kasargod

Kamath##

Nominee Director

(Non- Executive)

01715073

68,79

(0.09%)

8

2

0

B.COM. (More than

30 Years)

Name of Director

Designation and

Category

DIN

No. & (%)

of Equity

shares

Held *

Number

of other

Directorship

**

No of Committees***

Qualification/

Experience

As

Member

As

Chairperson

Mr. Vivek Vig##

Nominee Director

(Non- Executive)

01117418

3,96,077

(0.51%)

5

0

0

PG IIM (Bangalore)

(More than 30

Years)

Mr. Nishant

Sharma##

Promoter Nominee

Director (Non-

Executive)

03117012

-

7

1

0

Engineer and MBA

(14 Years)

Mr. Manas

Tandon##

Promoter Nominee

Director (Non-

Executive)

05254602

-

4

2

0

MBA in Finance

(More than 20

Years)

Mr. Kartikeya

Dhruv Kaji##

Promoter Nominee

Director (Non-

Executive)

07641723

-

3

0

0

MBA (More than 5

years)

Mr. Krishan Kant

Rathi###

Independent

Director (Non-

Executive)

00040094

19,993

(0.026%)

C.A. and C.S. (More

than 25 Years)

*No Convertible instruments/ securities were issued to Non-Executive Directors as on March 31, 2020.

**Number of Other Directorship includes Directorships held in Public Limited Companies, Private Limited Companies, Section 8 Companies, but

excluding foreign Companies.

***For the purpose of considering the Committee Memberships and

Managing Director & CEO (Executive)

5

4

Yes

Mrs. Kalpana Iyer

Non-Executive Independent Director

5

4

Yes

Mrs. Soumya Rajan**

Non- Executive Additional Director

(Independent Director)

2

2

NA

Mr. Ramachandra Kasargod

Kamath

Non- Executive Nominee Director

5

4

Yes

Mr. Vivek Vig

Non- Executive Nominee Director

5

5

Yes

Mr. Nishant Sharma

Non- Executive (Promoter Nominee Director)

5

5

Yes

Mr. Manas Tandon

Non- Executive (Promoter Nominee Director)

5

5

Yes

Mr. Kartikeya Dhruv Kaji

Non- Executive (Promoter Nominee Director)

5

2

No

Mr. Krishan Kant Rathi***

Non-Executive Independent Director

3

3

Yes

*Leave of absence was granted to the Directors who could not attend the respective Meetings, if any.

** Mrs. Soumya Rajan has been appointed as an Additional Director in the capacity of Independent Director w.e.f. August 29, 2019 subject to the

approval of Members in the ensuing General Meeting.

*** Mr. Krishan Kant Rathi-Independent Director was appointed on August 29, 2014 for a period of 5 years and his term as an Independent Director

came to an end on August 28, 2019

Independent Directors

Independent Directors play an important role in deliberations

at the Board Meetings and bring to the Company their wide

experience in the fields of finance, housing, accountancy, law

and public policy. This wide knowledge of both, their field of

expertise and Boardroom practices helps foster varied, unbiased,

independent and experienced perspectives. The Company

benefits immensely from their inputs in achieving its strategic

direction.

All the Committees which require Independent Directors in the

Composition have Independent Directors as specified in terms

of the SEBI LODR Regulations, the Act and the HFCs-Corporate

Governance (NHB) Directions, 2016. These Committees function

within the defined terms of reference in accordance with the Act,

the SEBI LODR Regulations, the HFCs – Corporate Governance

(NHB) Directions, 2016 and as approved by the Board, from

time to time.

The Independent Directors have confirmed that they satisfy the

criteria prescribed for an Independent Director as stipulated

in Regulation 16(1)(b) & 25 of the SEBI LODR Regulations

and Section 149(6) of the Act and are independent from the

management of the Company. All Independent Directors of the

Company have been appointed as per the provisions of the Act

and SEBI LODR Regulations. All the Independent Directors

of the Company are registered in Independent Director’s

databank maintained by Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs

(IICA). Formal letters of appointment have been issued to the

Independent Directors. The terms and conditions of appointment

of Independent Directors are available on the Company’s website

at https://www.aavas.in/terms-and-conditions.

In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors are

independent of the management. None of the Independent

Directors has resigned before the expiry of their respective

tenures during the Financial Year 2019-20.

The tenure of Mr. Krishan Kant Rathi as an Independent Director

of the Company has been completed on August 28, 2019.

Fit & Proper Criteria

The Company has formulated and adopted a Policy on Fit

& Proper Criteria for the Directors as per the provisions of the

HFCs – Corporate Governance (NHB) Directions, 2016. All the

Directors of the Company have confirmed that they satisfy the fit

and proper criteria as prescribed under the Directions issued by

the NHB.

Familiarization Programmes for the Independent Directors

All the Board Members of the Company are extended every

opportunity to familiarize themselves with the Company, its

products & services, its operations, various applicable regulatory

laws & regulations including updates thereon and the overall

socio- economic regime of the industry in which the Company

operates. The familiarization programme for the new and

continuing Independent Directors of the Company ensures

valuable participation and inputs from them which helps in

bringing forth the best practices into the organization and helps

in taking informed decision(s) at the Board Level.

The details of familiarization programme imparted to the

Independent Directors of the Company are available on the

Company’s website at https://www.aavas.in/familiarization-

programme.

Selection and Appointment of Directors

The selection and appointment of Directors of the Company is

carried out in accordance with provisions of the Act and relevant

rules made thereunder, Directions and Guidelines issued by NHB,

SEBI LODR Regulations, and as per the Policy on Nominations

& Remuneration for Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP),

Senior Management and Other Employees.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

The Board has constituted a set of committees comprising of

Directors of the Company and expert senior management

personnel as its Members to support the Board in discharging its

varied responsibilities and to take informed decision in the best

interest of the Company. These Board Committees have specific

terms of reference/scope to focus effectively on the issues and

ensure expedient resolution of diverse matters. These Board

Committees operate as empowered agents of the Board as per

their terms of reference.

To enable better and more focused attention on the affairs of the

Company, the Board delegates particular matters to the respective

Committees of the Board set up for the purpose. These specialist

Committees prepare the groundwork for decision-making and

provide updates at the subsequent Board meeting.

The various Committees constituted by the Board are as below:-

1. Audit Committee

2. Nomination and Remuneration Committee

3. Stakeholders Relationship Committee

4. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee

5. Risk Management Committee

6. Asset Liability Management Committee (ALCO)

7. IT Strategy Committee

8. Executive Committee

9. Customer Service & Grievance Redressal (CS&GR)

Committee

All the recommendations of the various Committees were

accepted by the Board during the Financial Year.

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee has been constituted by the Company in

terms of provisions of Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18

read with Part D of Schedule II of SEBI LODR Regulations and is

chaired by an Independent Director.

At present, the Audit Committee comprises of three (3) Directors

as its Members, out of them two are Independent Directors and

all of them being Non-Executive Directors. The composition

of the Committee is in adherence to provisions of the Act,

SEBI LODR Regulations and the HFCs-Corporate Governance

(NHB) Directions, 2016. All the Members of the Committee

are financially literate and majority of the Members including

the Chairperson possess financial management expertise. The

Company Secretary of the Company acts as Secretary to the

Committee.

The Board of Directors have accepted and implemented the

recommendations of the Audit Committee, whenever provided

by it.

The functions of the Audit Committee:

The Board of Directors has formed and approved a charter for

the Audit Committee setting out the roles, responsibilities and

functioning of the Committee. In adherence to the provisions:

Managing Director and CEO of the Company is the only Executive Director in the Company. His remuneration

package comprises of salary, perquisites and other benefits as approved by the Shareholders of the Company. The remuneration paid

to him is governed by Employment Agreement executed between him and the Company. Details of the remuneration paid to the

Mr. Sushil Kumar Agarwal for the year ended March 31, 2020 are as follows: -

SN

Particulars of Remuneration

Amount (in lakh)

1

Gross salary

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in section 17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

240.06

(b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income-tax Act, 1961

-

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3) Income- tax Act, 1961

-

2

Stock Option

-

3

Sweat Equity

-

4

Commission

- as % of profit

-

- others, specify

-

5

Others, please specify*

-

Total

240.06

*Mr. Sushil Kumar Agarwal is not eligible for any severance fee. Service contract and the notice period are as per the terms of agreement entered into

by them with the Company.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee (SRC)

The Board of Directors constituted the Stakeholders Relationship

Committee at their Meeting held on June 08, 2018 in terms of

the provisions of Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 20 read

with Part D of the Schedule II of SEBI LODR Regulations and is

chaired by Mr. Sandeep Tandon- Independent Director.

The Company Secretary of the Company acts as Secretary to the

Committee

The Company has constituted the Stakeholders Relationship

Committee for resolving the grievances of the security holders of

the Company including complaints related to transfer of shares,

non-receipt of Annual Report.

Terms of Reference of the Stakeholders Relationship

Committee are as follows:-

1. Resolving the grievances of the security holders of

the Company including complaints related to transfer/

transmission of shares, non-receipt of Annual Report,

non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate

certificates, general Meetings etc.

2. Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting

rights by Shareholders.

3. Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the

Company in respect of various services being rendered by

the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent.

4. Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by

the listed entity for reducing the quantum of unclaimed

dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/

Annual Reports/statutory notices by the Shareholders of the

Company.

During the period under review four (4) Stakeholders Relationship

Committee Meetings were held on May 02, 2019, July 31,

2019, October 25, 2019 and January 23, 2020. The required

quorum was present at all the above Meetings.

The Composition of the Committee and details of participation of

the Members at the Meetings of the Committee during the year

were as under:

Name of the Members

Position in Committee

No. of Meetings Attended

Mr. Sandeep Tandon

Member & Chairperson

4

Mr. Sushil Kumar Agarwal

Member

4

Mr. Nishant Sharma

Member

4

Mr. Manas Tandon

Member

4

Details of Investor Complaints

All shares and debentures of the Company are in dematerialized form. Link Intime India Private Limited has been appointed and acting

as the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company for carrying out shares and debentures transfer and other ancillary work

related thereto. Link Intime India Private Limited has appropriate systems to ensure that requisite service is provided to investors of the

Company in accordance with the applicable corporate and securities laws and within the adopted service standards.

During the period under review, No complaints were received by the Share Transfer Agent:-

Sr.

no

Nature of Complaints

Number of

Complaints received

during the period

Number of

Complaints disposed

of during the period

Number of Complaints

remained unresolved

1

Non-Receipt of Dividend/Interest/ Redemption Warrant

-

-

-

2

Non-Receipt of Annual Report

-

-

-

3

Non-receipt of Refund/Credit of Shares-IPO

-

-

-

4

SEBI-Scores

-

-

-

Total

Nil

Nil

Nil

There were no complaints received from the Non-Convertible Debenture Holders during the period under review.

CSR Committee

The CSR Committee was formed as per Section 135 of the Act

with the following Terms of reference:

•

To formulate and recommend to the Board, CSR Policy

which shall indicate the activities to be undertaken by the

Company as specified in Schedule VII.

•

To recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on

the CSR activities to be undertaken.

•

To monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of the

company from time to time.

The Committee met four (4) times i.e. on May 02, 2019, July

31, 2019, October 03, 2019 and January 23, 2020 during the

Financial Year ended March 31, 2020. The required quorum

was present at all the above Meetings. The Company Secretary

of the Company acts as the Secretary to the Committee.

The Composition of the Committee and details of participation of

the Members at the Meetings of the Committee during the year

were as under:

Name of the Members

Position in Committee

No. of Meetings Attended

Mr. Nishant Sharma*

Member & Chairperson

2

Mrs. Kalpana Iyer

Member

3

Mr. Sushil Kumar Agarwal

Member

4

Mr. Krishan Kant Rathi**

Member

2

*Became Member and Designated as Chairperson from August 29, 2019.

**Ceased to be a Member w.e.f. August 28, 2019.

Leave of absence was granted to the Directors who could not attend the respective Meetings, if any.

Risk Management Committee

The Company has formed Risk Management Committee of the

Board for assisting the Board to establish a risk culture and risk

governance framework in the organization. The Committee was

formed to supervise, guide, review and identify current and

emerging risks; developing risk assessment and measurement

systems, establishing policies, practices and other control

mechanisms to manage risks, developing risk tolerance limits for

Senior Management and Board approval, monitoring positions

against approved risk tolerance limits, reporting results of risk

monitoring to Senior Management and the Board.

The terms of reference are in accordance with the Act, SEBI

LODR Regulations and the provisions of the HFCs – Corporate

Governance (NHB) Directions, 2016.

Terms of Reference of the Risk Management Committee inter

alia include the following:

1. reviewing and approving various credit proposals in terms of

credit and risk management policies approved by the Board;

2. supervising, guiding, reviewing and identifying current and

emerging risks;

3. developing risk assessment and measurement systems;:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company has

been received confirming that all the Directors and the Senior

Management Personnel of the Company have complied to the

Code of Conduct for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2020

as attached with this Report. The said code is hosted on the

website of the Company under the web link: https://www.aavas.

in/code-of-conduct.

Policy for Determining Material Subsidiaries

In terms of the provisions of the SEBI LODR Regulations, the

Board of Directors adopted a ‘Policy for Determining Material

Subsidiaries’ which inter-alia sets out parameters for identifying a

subsidiary as a “Material Subsidiary”. The Policy for Determining

Material Subsidiary is available on the website of the Company at

https://www.aavas.in/policy-for-determining-material-

subsidiaries. The Company however does not have any Material

Subsidiary as at March 31, 2020.

Further, during the period under review there were no significant

transactions and arrangements entered into by the subsidiary.

Information Technology Related policies

NHB has prescribed Information Technology Framework for

HFCs (“Guidelines”) vide its notification no. NHB/ND/DRS/

Policy Circular No. 90/2017-18 dated June 15, 2018 with

a view to enhance the safety, security, efficiency in processes

relating to use of Information Technology framework within the

Company. The Board of Directors in compliance with the same,

adopted various polices pertaining to Information Technology

(IT) risk management, resource management and performance

management which inter-alia include the ‘IT Governance Policy’,

‘IT Management Policy’, ‘IT Infrastructure Management Policy’,

‘IT Operations Policy’ and ‘Information Systems (IS) Audit Policy’.

Policy on “Valuation of Properties and Empanelment of

Valuers”

In terms of the NHB Policy Circular No. 81 dated August 31,

2017 read with Policy Circular No. 86 dated December 29,

2017 on “Valuation of Properties and Empanelment of Valuers”,

NHB guided HFCs to frame a system /procedure /policy on

valuation of properties and appointment of valuers.

In reference to the above, the Board of Directors adopted the

Policy on Valuation of Properties and Empanelment of Valuers.

Whistle Blower Policy / Vigil Mechanism

Your Company believes in conducting its affairs in a fair

and transparent manner by adopting highest standards of

professionalism, honesty, integrity and ethical behaviour. The

Company is committed to developing a culture where it is safe

for all Directors and employees to raise concerns about any

wrongful conduct. The Board of Directors has in compliance

with the provisions of the Act and SEBI LODR Regulations

approved the Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy of the

Company which provides a framework to promote a responsible

and secure whistle blowing. It protects the Directors/employees

wishing to raise a concern about serious irregularities within

the Company. It provides for a Vigil Mechanism to channelize

reporting of such instances/ complaints/ grievances to ensure

proper governance. The Audit Committee oversees the Vigil

Mechanism. No personnel have been denied access to the

Chairperson of the Audit Committee. The policy is placed on the

website of the Company and can be accessed at www.aavas.in/

vigil-mechanism-policy.

Policy for Determination of Materiality of Events and

Information

In terms of the provisions of the SEBI LODR Regulations, the

Board of Directors adopted a ‘Policy for Determination of

Materiality of Events and Information’, which inter-alia sets out

guidelines for determining materiality of events / information for

the purpose of disclosure to the Stock Exchanges and identifies

specific officers of the Company who shall be authorized to

determine materiality of an event / information and for making

disclosures to the Stock Exchanges. The Policy is placed on the

website of the Company and can be accessed at https://www.

aavas.in/policy-for-determination-of-materiality-of-events-and-

information-for-disclosure-to-the-stock-exchange.

CSR Policy

In terms of Section 135 of the Act, the Board of Directors adopted

a ‘CSR Policy’ which helps towards contribution and furtherance

of your Company’s objective to create value in the society and

community in which it operates, through its services, conduct

and initiatives, so as to promote sustained growth for the society

and community, in fulfilment of its role as a socially responsible

corporate citizen.

The CSR Policy of the Company inter-alia indicates the CSR

activities that can be undertaken by the Company and defines

the roles and responsibilities of the Board of Directors and

CSR Committee in implementing and monitoring CSR projects

identified and supported by the Company. The CSR Policy is

available on the website of the Company at https://www.aavas.

in/csr-policy.

Code of Conduct for Prohibition of Insider Trading and

Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of

Unpublished Price Sensitive Information

In compliance of the SEBI PIT Regulations, as amended from

time to time, the Company has formulated a Code of Conduct-

Prevention of Insider Trading in the shares of the Company, which

inter alia, prohibits trading in shares of the Company by insiders

while in possession of unpublished price sensitive information

in relation to the Company and in order to ensure uniform:

Managing Director & CEO, Chief Financial

Officer and Investor Relations Officer at regular intervals conduct

conference call (s) with the analysts/ Shareholders and respond to

the queries from investors. The Financial Results of the Company

are generally published in the renowned daily newspapers such

as Financial Express, Nafa Nuksan, Business Standard and

Business Remedies. The Financial Results, presentations and

press releases of the Company are also hosted on the website of

the Company at www.aavas.in.

SEBI Complaints Redressal System (SCORES): A centralized web-

based complaints redressal system which serves as a centralized

database of all complaints received, enables uploading of Action

Taken Reports by the Company and online viewing by the

investors of actions taken on the complaint and its current status.

X. Other Disclosures

i.

Secretarial Audit for Financial Year 2019-20

M/s V. M. & Associates, Company Secretaries were

appointed as Secretarial Auditors to conduct Secretarial

Audit of the Company for the Financial Year ended

March 31, 2020 as per the provisions of the Act

who have carried out an independent assessment of

the compliance of SEBI LODR Regulations as a part

of Secretarial Audit. The Secretarial Audit Report forms

part of the Annual Report as “Annexure-4” to the

Directors’ Report.

ii. Consolidated (Holding and its Subsidiary) total fees

paid to Statutory Auditors and all entities in the

network firm/network entity of which the statutory

auditor is a part:-

Total fees for all services paid by Company and its

subsidiary, on a consolidated basis, to M/s S.R. Batliboi

& Associates LLP, Statutory Auditors of the Company and

other firms in the network entity of which the Statutory

Auditors are a part, as included in the Consolidated

Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended

March 31, 2020, are as follows:

Particulars

Amount (I in lakh)

Fees for audit and related services paid to S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP & Affiliates firms and to

entities of the network of which the statutory auditor is a part

53.65

Other fees paid to S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP & Affiliates firms and to entities of the network of

which the statutory auditor is a part

18.10

Total

71.75

iii. Certification from Practicing Company Secretary

(PCS)

A certificate from a Company Secretary in practice

has been received stating that none of the Directors

on the Board of the Company have been debarred or

disqualified from being appointed or continuing as

Directors of companies by SEBI/Ministry of Corporate

Affairs or any such statutory authority. The same forms

part of the Annual Report as “Annexure-1” to the

Directors’ Report.

iv. Accounting Standards

The Company has followed Indian Accounting Standards

(Ind AS) issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs in

the preparation of its Financial Statements.

v.

Auditors Certification on Corporate Governance

As required under the SEBI LODR Regulations,

certificate issued by V. M. & ASSOCIATES, Company

Secretaries certifying that the Company has complied

with the conditions of Corporate Governance as

stipulated by SEBI LODR Regulations is attached to

the Corporate Governance Report. The said certificate

forms part of the Annual Report as “Annexure-3” to the

Directors’ Report.

vi. Details of non-compliance by the Company, penalties,

and strictures imposed on the Company by the Stock

Exchanges or SEBI or any statutory authority, on any

matter related to capital markets, during the last

three Financial Years

The Equity shares of the Company were listed on the

NSE and BSE on October 08, 2018. There are no

non-compliances or penalties, strictures imposed on

the Company by the Stock Exchanges or SEBI or any

statutory authority, on any matter related to capital

markets, during the last three Financial Years viz.

FY 2018, FY 2019, FY 2020.:

Managing Director & CEO and CFO has

made a certification to the Board of Directors in the

prescribed format for the year under review, which has

been taken on record by the Board.

ix. Compliance with Mandatory Requirements and

adoption of the Non-Mandatory Requirements of

Corporate Governance:

During the period under review, Company has complied

with all the mandatory requirements of SEBI LODR

Regulations. The Company has also adopted certain

voluntary compliance requirements as stipulated in

the Act, SEBI LODR Regulations and other acts, rules,

regulations & guidelines applicable to the Company.

The Company has appointed separate persons to the

post of Chairperson and: Managing

letter of even date which is annexed as “Annexure A” and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.

4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

Place: Jaipur

For V. M. & Associates

Date: May 14, 2020

Company Secretaries

UDIN: F003355B000239624

(ICSI Unique Code P1984RJ039200)

CS Manoj Maheshwari

Partner

Membership No.: FCS 3355

C P No.: 1971

Annexure-5

DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY

I. PREAMBLE

Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 43A of Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended by Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) (Second Amendment) Regulations, 2016, [“SEBI

LODR Regulations”] vide circular no. SEBI/LAD- NRO/GN/2016-

17/008 dated 8th July, 2016; the Board of Directors of the

Company at its meeting held on June 08, 2018 have approved

and adopted the Dividend Distribution Policy [“Policy”] of the

Company.

II. OBJECTIVE

This Policy aims to ensure that the Company makes rationale

decision with regard to the amount to be distributed to the equity

shareholders as dividend after retaining sufficient funds for the

Company’s growth, to meet its long-term objective and other

purposes.

This Policy lays down various parameters which shall be

considered by the Board of Directors of the Company before

recommendation/ declaration of Dividend to its shareholders.

III. DEFINITIONS

a. “Act” means the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made

thereunder [including any amendments or re-enactments

thereof]

b. “Applicable laws” shall mean to include Act and rules made

thereunder, [including any amendments or re-enactments

thereof], Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, [including any amendments or re-enactments

thereof], Rules/guidelines/notifications/circulars issued by

National Housing Bank and any other regulation, rules,

acts, guidelines as may be applicable to the distribution of

dividend.

c.

“Board” or “Board of Directors” shall mean Board of Directors

of the Company, as constituted from time to time.

d. “Company” shall mean Aavas Financiers Limited.

e.

“Dividend” includes any interim dividend; which is

in conformity with Section 2(35) of the Act read with

Companies (Declaration and Payment of Dividend) Rules,

2014.

f.

“Financial year” shall mean the period starting from 1st day

of April and ending on the 31st day of March every year,

g.

“Free reserves” shall mean the free reserves as defined

under Section 2 (43) of the Act.

IV. PARAMETERS

GOVERNING

THE

DISTRIBUTION OF DIVIDEND

1. Factors for recommendation/declaration of Dividend.

a.

Internal factors (Financial Parameters)

The Board shall consider the below mentioned financial

parameters for the purpose of recommendation /

declaration of dividend:

i.

Current year’s net operating profit

ii.

Capital

expenditure

and

working

capital

requirements

iii. Financial commitments w.r.t. the outstanding

borrowings and interest thereon.

iv. Financial requirement for business expansion

and/or diversification, acquisition etc. of new

businesses.

v.

Provisioning for financial implications arising out of

unforeseen events and/or contingencies.

vi. Past dividend trend

vii. Cost of borrowings

viii. Other Corporate Action options (For ex. Bonus

issue, Buy back of shares)

ix. Any other factor as deemed fit by the Board

b.

External Factors

The Board shall also consider the below mentioned

external factors at the time of taking a decision w.r.t

recommendation/declaration of dividend:

i.

Applicable laws and Regulations including taxation

laws.

ii.

Economic conditions

iii. Prevalent market practices of dividend payment in

similar industry

2. Circumstances under which the shareholders of the

Company may or may not expect dividend.

The decision to recommend/declare the dividend by the

Board of Directors shall primarily depend on the factors

listed out at point no. 1 above. The decision seeks to balance

the dual objectives of appropriately rewarding shareholders

through dividends and retaining profits in order to maintain

a healthy capital adequacy ratio to support future growth.

However, the shareholders of the Company may not expect

dividend in the below mentioned circumstances:

i.

In the event of a growth opportunity where the Company

may be required to allocate a significant amount of

capital.

ii.

In the event of higher working capital requirement for

business operations or otherwise.:

Managing Director & CEO

Promoter Nominee Director

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

(DIN: 03154532)

(DIN: 05254602)

and Compliance Officer

Date: May 14, 2020

Date: May 14, 2020

Date: May 14, 2020

Date: May 14, 2020

Place: Jaipur

Place: Mumbai Place: Jaipur

Place: Jaipur:

Managing Director & CEO) :

9.18%

Mr. Sandeep Tandon (Independent Director ) :

66.67%

Mrs. Kalpana Iyer (Independent Director) :

37.93%

Mr. Krishan Kant Rathi (Independent Director):

(31.03%)

Mrs. Soumya Rajan (Additional Director- Independent):

-

Mr. Ramachandra Kasargod Kamath (Nominee Director):

20.00%

Mr. Vivek Vig (Nominee Director):

400.00%

KMP’s Other than Directors

Mr. Ghanshyam Rawat (Chief Financial Officer) :

9.22%

Mr. Sharad Pathak (Company Secretary) :

22.90%

3

The percentage increase in the Median

Remuneration of Employees in the

Financial Year

(3.28%)

4

No. of permanent Employees on the rolls

of company

3564 (as on March 31, 2020)

5

Average percentile increases already made

in the salaries of employees other than the

managerial personnel in the last financial

year and its comparison with the percentile

increase in the managerial remuneration

and justification thereof and point out if

there are any exceptional circumstances for

increase in the managerial remuneration.

The average percentage increase in the remuneration of all employees (other

than Key Managerial Personnel’s (KMP’s) for the FY 2019-20) stood at

(5.38%) whereas the average percentage increase in the remuneration of

KMP’s was at 9.72%.

Further there was no exceptional circumstance which warranted an increase in

managerial remuneration which was not justified by the overall performance of

the Company.

6

Affirmation that the remuneration is as per

the remuneration policy of the Company

Yes, it is affirmed that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of

the Company

Notes:

1. Calculations of remuneration have been made on comparable and annualized basis.

2. The remuneration of KMP’s was taken from the Audited financial statements for F.Y. 2019-20.

3. Remuneration comprises of salary (fixed and variable), allowances, perquisites/ taxable value of perquisites but doesn’t include

perquisite value of ESOPs exercised.

4. Sitting fees paid to the Directors is considered to be part of the remuneration.

5. Mr. Krishan Kant Rathi, Independent Director was retired from the Company on August 28, 2019 therefore there is percentage

decrease in remuneration of him.

6. Mrs. Soumya Rajan, Additional Director (Independent) was appointed in the Company w.e.f. August 29, 2019 therefore

remuneration paid to her during the year is not considered comparable.

7. Percentage increase in remuneration of Mr. Vivek Vig, Non-Executive Nominee Director accounted relatively higher due to payment

of Commission in the Financial Year 2019-20.

8. The average and median remuneration of the Employees were marginally decreased due to increase in total strength of permanent

Employees of the Company by 49.50% compared to the position as on March 31, 2019. However individual remuneration was

increased for the employees who are eligible for increment in 2019-20.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED

Sushil Kumar Agarwal

Manas Tandon: Managing

Managing Director and

CEO and holds by himself or along with his spouse and dependent children, not more than two percent of the Equity Shares of the Company. However, as on March 31, 2020, Mr. Sushil Kumar Agarwal, Managing

Director & CEO holds 3.73% of the shares in the Company and the Company has also made the required disclosures in this regard to the respective stock exchanges.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED

Sushil Kumar Agarwal

Manas Tandon: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Promoter Nominee Director

Chairperson of CSR Committee

(DIN: 03117012)

(DIN: 03154532)

(DIN 05254602)

Date: May 14, 2020

Date: May 14, 2020

Date: May 14, 2020

Place: Mumbai

Place: Jaipur

Place: Mumbai

Annexure-9

FORM NO. MGT 9

EXTRACT OF ANNUAL RETURN

As on Financial Year ended on 31.03.2020

Pursuant to Section 92 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 12(1) of the Company

(Management & Administration) Rules, 2014.

I. REGISTRATION & OTHER DETAILS:

1

CIN

L65922RJ2011PLC034297

2

Registration Date

23-Feb-2011

3

Name of the Company

AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED

4 Category/Sub-category of the

Company

Public Company Limited by Shares/ Indian Non-Government Company

(registered with National Housing Bank as a Housing Finance Company bearing

registration number04.0151.17)

5

Address of the Registered office &

contact details

201-202, 2nd Floor, Southend Sqaure, Mansarover Industrial Area, Jaipur– 302020

(Rajasthan)

Telephone: +91 141 6618800 | Fax: +91 141 6618861

E-mail: investorrelations@aavas.in

website: www.aavas.in

6

Whether Listed Company

Yes

7

Name, Address & contact details of

the Registrar & Transfer Agent, if any.

Link Intime India Private Limited

C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S.Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai - 400083.(Maharashtra)

Tel: +91 22 4918 6200

Email: rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in

website: www.linkintime.co.in

II. PRINCIPAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY

S.

No.

Name and Description of main products / services

NIC Code of the

Product/services

% to total turnover of

the Company

1

The Company’s main business is providing home loans for the purchase

or construction of residential properties, and for the extension and repair of

existing housing units

64910

100

III. PARTICULARS OF HOLDING, SUBSIDIARY AND ASSOCIATE COMPANIES:

S.

No.

Name and address of the Company

CIN/GLN

Holding/ Subsidiary/

Associate

% of shares

held

Applicable

Section

1

Aavas Finserv Limited

203-205, 2nd Floor, Southend Square,

Mansarover, Industrial Area,

Jaipur - 302020 (Rajasthan)

U65929RJ2017PLC059623

Subsidiary

100.00

2 (87):

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager:

S.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD/WTD/ Manager

Total Amount (H in lakh)

Name

Mr. Sushil Kumar Agarwal

Designation: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Promoter Nominee Director

(DIN: 03154532)

(DIN: 05254602)

Date: May 14, 2020

Date: May 14, 2020

Place: Jaipur

Place: Mumbai

Annexure-10

FORM NO. AOC.2

(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act)

and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)

Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered

into by the Company with related parties referred to in sub-section (1)

of Section 188 of the Act including certain arm’s length transactions

under third proviso thereto.

1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s

length basis: Nil

(a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship:

N.A

(b) Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions: N.A

(c) Duration of the contracts/arrangements/transactions: N.A

(d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or

transactions including the value, if any: N.A

(e) Justification for entering into such contracts or arrangements

or transactions: N.A

(f) Date(s) of approval by the Board: N.A

(g) Amount paid as advances, if any: N.A

(h) Date on which the special resolution was passed in general

meeting as required under first proviso to section 188: N.A

2. Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at

arm’s length basis

(a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship:

Aavas Finserv Limited, Wholly Owned Subsidiary

(b) Nature

of

contracts/arrangements/transactions:

Infrastructure Sharing Agreement

(c) Duration of the contracts/arrangements/transactions: Three

years

(d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transactions

including the value, if any:

Material terms of Agreement-

1. The term of this Agreement shall be Three (3) year commencing

from April 01, 2019 unless terminated by other provisions of

this Agreement.

2. After the expiry of Term of this Agreement, the Parties may, by

mutual consent, extend the term of this Agreement on such

terms & conditions as may be agreed upon by the Parties.

3. The office space of the Holding Company shall be used

amongst the Subsidiary Company and the Holding Company

in a combined/joint manner for the purpose of the carrying on

respective business activities by each party.

4. That while carrying out its business activities at the Office Space

the Subsidiary Company can use the office facilities including

furniture’s, fixtures, air conditioner, computers, telephone,

fax, office equipment etc. (“Facilities”) along with the Holding

Company.

5.

Both the Holding and Subsidiary Company shall carry out their

own individual finance activities during the term hereof and

shall also carry out all the compliance activities as required to

be done as per the applicable law/ statue.

6. SHARING OF EXPENSES & METHOD OF PAYMENT

The Holding Company will recover the actual cost incurred and

the cost recovered is on arm’s length price and are similar to

the cost recover from other parties for the same services if any.

Methodology for sharing of Infrastructure cost between both the

companies is given as under.

i

Sharing of cost at Branches: All branch related cost of any

particular branch which is shared by the holding Company

with its subsidiary or vice versa shall be shared based on

the No. of Employees of each Company operating from the

particular Branch.

ii

Sharing of other Infrastructure Cost: Other Infrastructure

cost incurred by either Company on behalf of the other

shall be debited to the other Company at actuals subject to

Goods and Service Tax wherever applicable.

iii Re-imbursement of Statutory Payment: Any Statutory

payment made by either Company on behalf of the other

Company shall be reimbursed as per actuals.

7. Subject to its obligation to share expenses as defined above,

each party of this Agreement shall own the accounts receivable

generated by it and shall be entitled to all related collections.

Each party shall be responsible for billing and collecting its own

accounts receivable.

8. That both the parties shall endeavor to identify and incur their

own specified capital and revenue expenditure to the extent

possible. All the types of specific expenditure shall be incurred,

paid and borne by respective parties.

(a) Date of approval by the Board: May 03, 2019

(b) Amount paid as advances, if any: Nil

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED

Sushil Kumar Agarwal

Manas Tandon: Managing

Managing Director and CEO)

Telephone number : 0141-6618839

Email ID : ceo@aavas.in

1

Director Identification Number (DIN)

2

Name

3

Designation

1 (b) Details of the BR head

1

DIN (if applicable)

2

Name

3

Designation

4

Telephone number

5

E-mail ID

2. Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR policy/policies

a) Details of compliance (reply in Y/N)

Serial

number

Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

1.

Do you have a policy/policies for all the principles

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

2.

Has the policy being formulated in consultation

with the relevant stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

3.

Does the policy conform to any national/

international standards?

Y*

Y*

Y*

Y*

Y*

Y*

Y*

Y*

Y*

4.

Has the policy being approved by the Board? If yes,

has it been signed by MD/owner/CEO/ appropriate

Board Director?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

5.

Does the Company have a specified Committee

of the Board/Director/Official to oversee the

implementation of the policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

6.

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online?

All the policies are available to the employees of the Company.

Most of the policies are also available on the Company’s website:

www.aavas.in

7.

Has the Policy been formally communicated to all

relevant internal and external stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

8.

Does the Company have in-house structure to

implement the policy/policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

9.

Does the Company have a Grievance Redressal

Mechanism related to the Policy/Policies to address

stakeholders’ grievances related to the policy/

policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

10.

Has the Company carried out Independent Audit/

evaluation of the working of this Policy by an

Internal or external agency?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

*National standards

b) If answer to the question at serial number 1 against any principle, is ‘No’, please explain why: Not applicable:

Managing Director & CEO

Promoter Nominee Director

(DIN: 03154532)

(DIN: 05254602)

Date: May 14, 2020

Date: May 14, 2020

Place: Jaipur

Place: Mumbai

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director and CEO)

Membership No. 121411

Place: Mumbai

Place: Jaipur

Place: Mumbai

Ghanshyam Rawat

Sharad Pathak

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary &

Compliance Officer)

Date: May 14, 2020

Place: Jaipur

Place: Jaipur

Standalone Statement of profit and loss for the year ended March 31, 2020

(H in lakh)

Particulars

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2020

For the year ended

March 31, 2019

Revenue from operations

Interest income

22

78,642.51

59,354.82

Fees and commission income

23

3,327.60

2,602.73

Net gain on derecognition of financial instruments under

amortised cost category

7,658.88

7,828.01

Net gain on fair value changes

24

600.43

1,211.42

Total revenue from operations

90,229.42

70,996.98

Other income

25

79.99

100.27

Total income

90,309.41

71,097.25

Expenses

Finance costs

26

35,607.15

25,536.71

Fees and commission expense

27

490.05

492.20

Impairment on financial instruments

28

1,533.78

889.77

Employee benefits expense

29

14,707.45

11,723.54

Depreciation, amortization and impairment

7(a) & 7(c)

1,956.13

972.34

Other expenses

30

5,810.18

5,713.47

Total expenses

60,104.74

45,328.03

Profit/(loss) before tax

30,204.67

25,769.22

Tax expense:

18

(1) Current tax

6,397.21

5,038.29

(2) Deferred tax

(1,104.63)

3,139.70

Profit/(loss) for the year

24,912.09

17,591.23

Other comprehensive income

a) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

Remeasurements of defined benefit liability

29

(6.97)

35.07

Income tax effect

18

1.75

(12.25)

b) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

-

-

Other comprehensive income , net of income tax

(5.22)

22.82

Total comprehensive income for the year

24,906.87

17,614.05

Earnings per equity share

31

Basic (H)

31.86

23.65

Diluted (H)

31.49

23.08

Nominal value per share (H)

10.00

10.00

Summary of significant accounting policies

1

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements

As per our report of even date

For S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101049W/E300004

AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED

Chartered Accountants

per Sarvesh Warty

Manas Tandon

Sushil Kumar Agarwal

Partner

(Non-executive Promoter Nominee Director)

(: Managing

Managing Director and CEO)

Membership No. 121411

Place: Mumbai

Place: Jaipur

Place: Mumbai

Ghanshyam Rawat

Sharad Pathak

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary &

Compliance Officer)

Date: May 14, 2020

Place: Jaipur

Place: Jaipur

Standalone Cash flow statement for the year ended March 31, 2020

(H in lakh)

Particulars

Notes

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Year ended

March 31, 2019

A

Cash flow from operating activities:

Net profit before tax as per statement of profit and loss

30,204.67

25,769.22

Adjustments for

Depreciation and amortisation of PPE and right of use assets

7 & 8

1,956.13

972.34

Interest on lease liabilities

249.58

-

Net gain on derecognition on assigned loans

(2,154.54)

(4,232.09)

Provision for expected credit loss (ECL)

28

1,026.98

563.25

Provision for employee benefits

281.30

155.11

Derivative mark to market gain

24

(3.23)

(28.97)

Provision for CSR expenditure

17.28

44.79

Share based payments

29

647.14

686.02

Operating profit before working capital changes

32,225.31

23,929.67

Changes in working capital

Increase in loans

(1,46,461.03)

(1,39,566.53)

Increase in financial and other assets

(1,572.05)

(4,352.77)

Net Increase/(decrease) in financial and other liabilities

4,708.25

(808.29)

Total of changes in working capital

(1,43,324.83)

(1,44,727.59)

Direct taxes paid

(6,126.03)

(6,809.60)

Net cash flow used in operating activities (A)

(1,17,225.55)

(1,27,607.52)

B

Cash flow from investing activities:

Inflow (outflow) on account of :

Investment in fixed deposits

(32,234.53)

(31,301.20)

Purchase of Property, plant and equipment (including capital work-in-

progress)/ intangible assets

7

(1,954.17)

(1,427.34)

Sale of Property, plant and equipment (including capital work-in-progress)

14.43

9.62

Net cash flow used in investing activities (B)

(34,174.27)

(32,718.92)

C

Cash flow from financing activities:

Issue of equity shares (including share premium)

547.42

47,513.36

Share / debenture issue expenses

(908.10)

(1,292.90)

Proceeds from borrowings

2,36,122.26

1,46,533.36

Repayment of borrowings

(64,283.88)

(52,309.87)

Repayment of lease Iiabilities

(1,021.70)

-

Net Cash flow generated from financing activities (C)

1,70,456.00

1,40,443.95

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)

19,056.18

(19,882.49)

Cash and cash equivalents as at the beginning of the year

15,966.22

35,848.71

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year

2

35,022.40

15,966.22

Components of cash and cash equivalents

Cash on hand

43.71

202.00

Balance in franking machine*

0.95

0.95

Balance with banks:

Managing Director and CEO)

Membership No. 121411

Place: Mumbai

Place: Jaipur

Place: Mumbai

Ghanshyam Rawat

Sharad Pathak

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary &

Compliance Officer)

Date: May 14, 2020

Place: Jaipur

Place: Jaipur

Standalone Cash flow statement for the year ended March 31, 2020

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2020

A. Corporate Information

AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED (“the Company”) is a public limited Company domiciled in India and incorporated under

the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. The Company is registered as a housing finance company with National

Housing Bank (NHB) vide Registration No. 04.0151.17 and is engaged in the long term financing activity in the domestic

markets to provide housing finance. The Company is a public limited company and its shares are listed on the Bombay Stock

Exchange (BSE), India, and the National Stock Exchange (NSE), India.

B. Basis of preparation of financial statements

a) Basis of preparation

The standalone financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards

(Ind AS) notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended from time to time).

The previous year financial statements i.e. year ended 31 March 2019 are the first which has prepared in accordance with

Ind AS by the Company. The standalone financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for,

derivative financial instruments and other financial assets held for trading and all of which have been measured at fair value.

The standalone financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (INR) and all values are rounded to the nearest lakh,

except when otherwise indicated.

Additional information required in terms of Housing Finance Companies – Corporate Governance (National Housing Bank)

Directions, 2016 NHB(ND)/DRS/REG/MC-07/2018, 02 July, 2018 and Notification no. NHB.HFC.CG-DIR.1/MD&CEO/2016

dated February 09,2017 have been prepared on the basis of previous GAAP pursuant to the NHB circular no. NHB (ND)/

DRS/Policy Circular No.89/2017-18 dated June 14, 2018 is given in Annexure I, which have been presented solely based

on the information compiled by the Management.

b) Basis of measurement

The financial statements have been prepared on an accrual basis as a going concern and under the historical

cost convention, except for foreign currency borrowings denominated in INR that are measured at fair value at the end of each

reporting date as required under relevant Ind AS.

c) Changes in accounting policies and disclosures

Implementation of new Indian Accounting Standards

The Company applied Ind AS 116 from 1 April 2019 for the first time. The impact of this standard is described below. The

Company has not yet adopted any other standard, interpretation or amendment that has been issued but is not yet effective.

The standard requires identification of leases that provide the Company the right to control the use of an identified asset

for a period of time as a lessee. For these leases, the Company is required to recognise on-balance sheet a right-of-use

(ROU) asset, representing the right to use the underlying asset, and a lease liability, representing the future lease payment

obligations. Exemptions exist for leases of low value assets and for short-term leases (less than 12 months)

Transition

The Company has applied Ind AS 116 from 1 April 2019 using the modified retrospective approach and therefore the

comparative information has not been restated and continues to be reported under previous GAAP viz. Indian GAAP AS 17.

The cumulative effect of initial application is recognised in retained profits at 1 April 2019. The details of the change in

accounting policy is disclosed below. The ROU asset has been calculated as if the standard has always been applied for all

leases.

At transition the Company recognised ROU assets of 2302.98 lakh and a lease liability of 2302.98 lakh.

As permitted by the standard practical expedients were applied at transition and adjustments were not made for leases of low

value assets and for short-term leases (less than 12 months) i.e. IT Equipments.

Judgement has been applied by the Company in determining the transition adjustment, which includes the determination of

which contractual arrangements represent a lease, the period over which the lease exists and the incremental borrowing rate

of the Company to be applied to each lease based on the lease term.:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Designated to: Managing

Managing Director and CEO)

Membership No. 121411

Place: Mumbai

Place: Jaipur

Place: Mumbai

Ghanshyam Rawat

Sharad Pathak

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary &

Compliance Officer)

Date: May 14, 2020

Place: Jaipur

Place: Jaipur

Annexure I to Note No. 48 to the Standalone Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2020

I

Disclosures required by the National Housing Bank

1

Minimum Disclosures

The following additional disclosures have been given in terms of Notification no. NHB.HFC.CG-DIR.1/ MD&CEO/2016 dated

February 9, 2017 issued by the National Housing Bank.

2

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

The accounting policies regarding key areas of operations are disclosed as note 1 of Accounting policy to the Standalone

Financial Statement for the year ended March 31, 2020.

3

Disclosure:

3.1 Capital

Particulars

As at March 31, 2020

As at March 31, 2019

CRAR (%)

55.86%

67.77%

CRAR - Tier I capital (%)

53.67%

64.25%

CRAR - Tier II capital (%)

2.18%

3.52%

Amount of subordinated debt raised as Tier- II Capital

6,000.00

8,000.00

Amount raised by issue of perpetual Debt instruments

0.00

0.00

3.2 Reserve Fund u/s 29C of NHB Act, 1987

(H in lakh)

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2019

Statutory Reserve u/s 29C of the National Housing Bank Act, 1987

Opening Balance

8,343.42

4,820.62

Additional during the year

4,981.38

3,522.80

Appropriation during the year

-

-

Closing Balance

13,324.80

8,343.42

(H in lakh)

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2019

Special Reserve u/s 29C of The National Housing Bank Act, 1987 read with section

36 (1) (viii) of Income Tax Act, 1961

Balance at the beginning of the year

a) Statutory Reserve u/s 29C of the National Housing Bank Act, 1987

358.18

-

b) Amount of special reserve u/s 36(1)(viii) of Income Tax Act, 1961 taken into

account for the purposes of Statutory Reserve under Section 29C of the NHB Act,

1987

7,985.24

4,820.62

c) Total

8,343.42

4,820.62

Addition /Appropriation / Withdrawal during the year

Add:

a) Amount transferred u/s 29C of the NHB Act, 1987

800.38

358.18

b) Amount of special reserve u/s 36(1)(viii) of Income Tax Act, 1961 taken into

account for the purposes of Statutory Reserve under Section 29C of the NHB Act,

1987

4,181.00

3,164.62

Less:

a) Amount appropriated from the Statutory Reserve u/s 29C of the NHB Act, 1987

-

-

b) Amount withdrawn from the Special Reserve u/s 36(1)(viii) of Income Tax Act,

1961 which has been taken into account for the purpose of provision ul s 29C of

the NHB Act, 1987

-

-

Balance at the end of the year

a) Statutory Reserve u/s 29C of the National Housing Bank Act, 1987

1,158.56

358.18

b) Amount of special reserve u/s 36(1)(viii) of Income Tax Act, 1961 taken into

account for the purposes of Statutory Reserve under Section 29C of the NHB Act,

1987

12,166.24

7,985.24

c) Total

13,324.80

8,343.42:

Managing Director and CEO)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Jaipur

Ghanshyam Rawat

Sharad Pathak

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary &

Compliance Officer)

Date: May 14, 2020

Place: Jaipur

Place: Jaipur

Annexure I to Note No. 48 to the Standalone Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2020

Annual Report 2019-20

217

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

To

The Members of

Aavas Financiers Limited

Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Ind AS

Financial Statements

Opinion

We have audited the accompanying consolidated Ind AS financial

statements of Aavas Financiers Limited (“the Company”), its

subsidiary (the Holding Company and its subsidiary together

referred to as “the Group”) comprising of the consolidated

Balance sheet as at March 31, 2020, the consolidated Statement

of Profit and Loss, including other comprehensive income,

the consolidated Cash Flow Statement and the consolidated

Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and

notes to the consolidated Ind AS financial statements, including a

summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory

information (hereinafter referred to as “the consolidated Ind AS

financial statements”).

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according

to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid consolidated Ind

AS financial statements give the information required by the

Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”) in the manner

so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with

the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the

consolidated state of affairs of the Group as at March 31, 2020,

their consolidated profit including other comprehensive income,

their consolidated cash flows and the consolidated statement of

changes in equity for the year ended on that date.

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit of the consolidated Ind AS financial

statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing

(SAs), as specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our

responsibilities under those Standards are further described in

the ‘Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated

Ind AS Financial Statements’ section of our report. We are

independent of the Group in accordance with the ‘Code of Ethics’

issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together

with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the

financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules

thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities

in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient

and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the

consolidated Ind AS financial statements.

Emphasis of Matter

We draw attention to Note 47 to the financial statement, which

describes the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will

impact the company’s operations and its financial metrics which

are dependent on uncertain future developments. Our opinion is

not modified in respect of this matter.

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional

judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the

consolidated Ind AS financial statements for the financial year

ended March 31, 2020. These matters were addressed in

the context of our audit of the consolidated Ind AS financial

statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and

we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each

matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the

matter is provided in that context.

We have determined the matters described below to be the key

audit matters to be communicated in our report. We have fulfilled

the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for

the audit of the consolidated Ind AS financial statements section

of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly,

our audit included the performance of procedures designed to

respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement

of the consolidated Ind AS financial statements. The results of

audit procedures performed by us, including those procedures

performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our

audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated Ind AS financial

statements.

Key audit matters

How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment of Financial assets (as described in Note 4 of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements)

nd AS 109 requires the Group to provide for impairment of its

financial assets using the expected credit loss (‘ECL’) approach

involving an estimation of probability of loss on the financial

assets over their life, considering reasonable and supportable

information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of

future economic conditions which could impact the credit quality

of the Group’s financial assets. In the process, a significant degree

of judgement has been applied by the management in respect of

following matters:

• Our audit procedures included considering the Group’s

accounting policies for impairment of financial instruments

and assessing compliance with the policies in terms of Ind AS

109.:

Managing Director and CEO)

Membership No. 121411

Place: Mumbai

Place: Jaipur

Place: Mumbai

Ghanshyam Rawat

Sharad Pathak

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary &

Compliance Officer)

Date: May 14, 2020

Place: Jaipur

Place: Jaipur

(H in lakh)

Particulars

Notes

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2019

ASSETS

Financial assets

Cash and cash equivalents

2

35,059.39

16,002.99

Bank balance other than cash and cash equivalents

2

84,613.13

52,378.61

Derivative financial instruments

3

-

87.86

Loans

4

6,18,079.83

4,72,449.00

Other financial assets

5

18,111.12

16,348.94

Total financial assets

7,55,863.47

5,57,267.40

Non-financial assets

Current tax assets (net)

1,443.24

1,707.73

Property, plant and equipment

6(a)

2,700.97

1,922.97

Capital work-in-progress

6(b)

30.99

-

Intangible assets under development

6(c)

39.90

9.08

Other intangible assets

6(d)

414.84

359.12

Right-of-use assets

7

2,874.20

-

Other non-financial assets

8

630.46

434.92

Total non-financial assets

8,134.60

4,433.82

Assets held for sale

9

1,804.30

988.79

Total assets

TOTAL

7,65,802.37

5,62,690.01

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

LIABILITIES

Financial liabilities

Payables

10

(I) Trade payables

(i) total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises

-

-

(ii) total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small

enterprises

1,738.64

950.24

Debt securities

11

1,16,846.54

43,705.08

Borrowings (other than debt securities)

12

4,08,391.40

3,11,661.72

Subordinated liabilities

13

9,965.61

9,958.30

Lease liabilities

14

3,012.91

-

Other financial liabilities

15

10,694.78

7,163.18

Total financial liabilities

5,50,649.88

3,73,438.52

Non-financial liabilities

Provisions

16

827.04

443.05

Deferred tax liabilities (net)

17

3,167.20

4,274.93

Other non-financial liabilities

18

1,366.73

831.50

Total non-financial liabilities

5,360.97

5,549.48

Equity

Equity share capital

19

7,832.27

7,810.79

Other equity

20

2,01,959.25

1,75,891.22

Total equity

2,09,791.52

1,83,702.01

Total liabilities and equity

TOTAL

7,65,802.37

5,62,690.01

Summary of significant accounting policies

1

Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2020

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements

As per our report of even date

For S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101049W/E300004

AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED

Chartered Accountants

per Sarvesh Warty

Manas Tandon

Sushil Kumar Agarwal

Partner

(Non-executive Promoter Nominee Director)

(: Managing

Managing Director and CEO)

Membership No. 121411

Place: Mumbai

Place: Jaipur

Place: Mumbai

Ghanshyam Rawat

Sharad Pathak

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary &

Compliance Officer)

Date: May 14, 2020

Place: Jaipur

Place: Jaipur:

Managing Director and CEO)

Membership No. 121411

Place: Mumbai

Place: Jaipur

Place: Mumbai

Ghanshyam Rawat

Sharad Pathak

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary &

Compliance Officer)

Date: May 14, 2020

Place: Jaipur

Place: Jaipur:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Designated to: Managing

Managing Director and CEO)

Membership No. 121411

Place: Mumbai

Place: Jaipur

Place: Mumbai

Ghanshyam Rawat

Sharad Pathak

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary &

Compliance Officer)

Date: May 14, 2020

Place: Jaipur

Place: Jaipur

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2020

maximize stability of funds. Assets and liabilities are categorized into various time buckets based on their maturities and Asset

Liability Management Committee supervise an interest rate sensitivity report periodically for assessment of interest rate risks.

Due to the very nature of housing finance, the Group is exposed to moderate to higher Interest Rate Risk. This risk has a major

impact on the balance sheet as well as the income statement of the Group. Interest Rate Risk arises due to:

i) Changes in Regulatory or Market Conditions affecting the interest rates

ii) Short term volatility

iii) Prepayment risk translating into a reinvestment risk

iv) Real interest rate risk.

In short run, change in interest rate affects Group’s earnings (measured by NII or NIM) and in long run it affects Market Value of

Equity (MVE) or net worth. It is essential for the Group to not only quantify the interest rate risk but also to manage it proactively.

The Group mitigates its interest rate risk by keeping a balanced portfolio of fixed and variable rate loans and borrowings. Further

Group carries out Earnings at risk analysis and maturity gap analysis at quarterly intervals to quantify the risk.

Interest Rate sensitivity

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates (all other variables being

constant) of the Group’s statement of profit and loss:

(II) Foreign currency risk

Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in foreign

currency rates. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primary to the foreign currency

borrowings taken from bank.

(E) Operational risk

Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and system or from external

events. Operational risk is associated with human error, system failures and inadequate procedures and controls. It is the risk

of loss arising from the potential that inadequate information system; technology failures, breaches in internal controls, fraud,

unforeseen catastrophes, or other operational problems may result in unexpected losses or reputation problems. Operational risk

exists in all products and business activities.

The Group recognizes that operational risk event types that have the potential to result in substantial losses includes Internal

fraud, External fraud, employment practices and workplace safety, clients, products and business practices, business disruption

and system failures, damage to physical assets, and finally execution, delivery and process management.

The Group cannot expect to eliminate all operational risks, but it endeavours to manage these risks through a control framework

and by monitoring and responding to potential risks. Controls include effective segregation of duties, access, authorisation and

reconciliation procedures, staff education and assessment processes, such as the use of internal audit.

(H in lakh)

Particulars

Basis Points

Effect on Profit

before tax

Loans

Increase in basis points

50

2,407.43

Decrease in basis points

-50

(2,402.40)

Borrowings

Increase in basis points

50

1,394.89

Decrease in basis points

-50

(1,394.89)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2020:

letter mentioning your name, DP ID-Client ID (16

digit DP ID + Client ID or 16 digit beneficiary ID);

(ii) self-attested scanned copy of client master

or

Consolidated

Demat

Account

statement;

and (iii) self-attested scanned copy of the PAN

Card, to the e-mail address of the Company at

investorrelations@aavas.in.

22. Instructions for Members for attending the 10th AGM

through VC/OAVM Facility are as under:

a. Members may join the 10th AGM through VC/OAVM

Facility which shall be kept open for the Members from

3:00 p.m. IST i.e. 30 minutes before the time scheduled

to start the 10th AGM and the Company may close the

window for joining the VC/OAVM Facility 30 minutes

after the scheduled time to start the 10th AGM.

b. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the

10th AGM through VC/OAVM Facility through the NSDL

e-voting system. Members may access the same at

https://www.evoting.nsdl.com

under

shareholders/

members login by using the remote e-voting credentials.

The link for VC/OAVM will be available in shareholder/

members login where the EVEN of Company will be

displayed. Please note that the members who do not have

the User ID and Password for e-voting or have forgotten

the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by

following the remote e-voting instructions mentioned in

the notice to avoid last minute rush. Further members

can also use the OTP based login for logging into the

e-voting system of NSDL.

c. Members may note that the VC/OAVM Facility, provided

by NSDL, allows participation of atleast 1,000 Members

on a first-come-first-served basis. The large shareholders

(i.e. shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding),

promoters,

institutional

investors,

Directors,

Key

Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit

Committee, Nomination & Remuneration Committee and

Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors, etc. can

attend the 10th AGM without any restriction on account

of first-come- first-served principle.

d. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops for better experience.

e. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and

use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance

during the Meeting.

f. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile

Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via

Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due

to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore

recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to

mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

g. Members who would like to express their views/ask

questions as a speaker during the Meeting may register

themselves as a speaker from July 15, 2020 to July 17,

2020 by sending their request mentioning their name,

demat account number/folio number, e-mail ID, mobile

number at investorrelations@aavas.in.

h. Members who would like to express their views/have

questions may send their questions in advance from July

15, 2020 to July 17, 2020 by mentioning their name

demat account number/folio number, e-mail ID, mobile

number at investorrelations@aavas.in. The same will be

replied by the Company suitably.

i. Those Members who have registered themselves as a

speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask

questions during the meeting.

23. The instructions for Members for e-voting on the day of the

10th AGM are as under:-

a. The procedure for e-voting on the day of the 10th AGM

is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote

e-voting.

b. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in

the AGM through VC/OAVM Facility and have not casted

their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-voting and

are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible

to vote through e-voting system in the AGM.

c. Members who have voted through Remote e-voting will

be eligible to attend the 10th AGM. However, they will not

be eligible to vote at the AGM again.

d. The details of the person who may be contacted for any

grievances connected with the facility for e-voting on the

day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for

Remote e-voting:

letter, setting out terms and conditions

of her appointment is available for inspection as per details

mentioned in note no. 10 to the accompanying Notice of the

Annual General Meeting.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel and their

relatives, except Mrs. Rajan and her relatives, are concerned or

interested, financially or otherwise in this Resolution. The Board

recommends the Resolution set out at Item No. 4 for approval of

the Members as an Ordinary Resolution.

ITEM NO. 5 & 6

The Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”) envisages

requirements of funds in future. As per the provisions of Section

180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), the Board can

borrow money subject to the condition that the money to be

borrowed together with the money already borrowed by the

Company (apart from the temporary loans obtained from the

Company’s bankers in the ordinary course of business) shall not

exceed the aggregate, for the time being, of the paid-up share

capital and free reserves, that is to say, reserves not set apart

for any specific purpose and securities premium unless the

Members have authorized the Board to borrow the monies up to

some higher limits.

Further as per Paragraph 3(2) of “The Housing Finance Companies

(NHB) Directions, 2010” No housing finance company can have

its total Borrowing limit in aggregate, in excess of twelve times of

its Net Owned Fund (NOF).

Hence, it is proposed to empower and authorize the Board to

borrow money from any Bank(s), Financial Institutions (FIs,),

Foreign Institutional Investors (FII’s) Bodies Corporate or Business

Associates or any other person/s or entity/ies etc., in excess of

paid up share capital and free reserves and securities premium

of the Company by a sum not exceeding H12,500 crore (Rupees

Twelve thousand and five hundred crore only) for the purposes

of business activities of the Company, provided that the total

borrowing limit shall always be within the limits as prescribed

under the Housing Finance Companies (NHB) Directions, 2010.

The resolution as set out at item no. 5 of the Notice is placed

for your approval by way of Special Resolution of the aforesaid

limits of borrowing by the Board up to an amount not exceeding

EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO THE SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES

ACT, 2013 (“the Act”)

H12,500 crore (Rupees Twelve thousand and five hundred crore

only) or equivalent thereof in any foreign currency(ies).

With a view to meet fund requirements for the aforesaid purpose,

the Company would be required to borrow funds from time to

time by way of loans or in any other form whatsoever including

but not limited to issue of bonds, debentures or other securities

as detailed in the resolution no. 5.

The said borrowings/ issue of securities may be required to be

secured by way of charge through lien / hypothecation / mortgage

over all or any part of the movable and / or immovable properties

of the Company and as per the provisions of Section 180 (1)

(a) of the Act, the mortgage or charge on all or any part of the

movable and /or immovable properties of the Company, may be

deemed as disposal of the whole, or substantially the whole,

of the undertaking of the Company and hence the approval of

the Members of the Company is required by way of an Special

Resolution as set out at Item No. 6 of the Notice.

As per Section 180(1)(a) and 180(1)(c) and other applicable

provisions of the Act, approval of the Members is being sought

by way of passing Special Resolution. Hence, the Board

recommends passing of the enabling Special Resolutions set out

at item No. 5 and 6 of the Notice.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company or their relatives are in any way, concerned or

interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolutions set out at

Item No. 5 and 6 of the accompanying Notice.

ITEM NO. 7

Your Company has been issuing debentures, which may be

referred to as one of the option for raising money from time to

time, for onward lending business of the Company and general

corporate purposes, on terms and conditions as are appropriate

and in the best interest of the Company and in due compliance

with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the

Act”), SEBI (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulation

2008, Debt Listing Agreement and Guidelines as issued by

National Housing Board etc. Accordingly, the Company, subject

to the approval of Members, proposes to issue Non-convertible

Debentures (including bonds, and/or other debt securities as per

Section 2(30) of the Act to various person(s) on private placement

basis, at such terms and conditions and at such price(s) in

compliance with the requirements of regulatory authorities, if any

and as may be finalized by the Board and/or Committee of Board.

The amount to be raised by way of issue of listed or unlisted,

secured/unsecured redeemable Non-convertible Debentures on

a private placement basis however shall not exceed H3,500

crore (Rupees Three thousand and five hundred crore only) in

aggregate, in one or more series/ tranches on private placement

basis. The aforesaid borrowings are within overall borrowing

limits authorized by Members. It may be noted that that as per

Rule 14 of Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities)

Second amendment Rules, 2018 read with Section 42 of the

Act, allows a company to pass a Special Resolution once in a

year for all the offer or invitation for Non-Convertible Debentures

to be made during the year through a private placement basis in

one or more tranches.

Therefore Consent of the Members is accordingly sought in

connection with the aforesaid issue of debentures/bonds from

time to time and they are requested to enable and authorize the

Board (including any Committee of the Board) to issue Non-

convertible Debentures on private placement basis of H3,500

crore (Rupees Three thousand and five hundred crore only) as

stipulated above, in one or more tranches, during the period of

one year from the date of passing of the Resolution set out at

Item No. 7 of this Notice, within the overall borrowing limits of

the Company, as approved by the Members from time to time.

The Board accordingly recommends the Special Resolution as set

out at Item No. 7 of the Notice for the approval of the Members.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company or their relatives are in any way, concerned or

interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolutions set out at

Item No. 7 of the accompanying Notice.

ITEM NO.8

The Company intends to formulate and implement Equity Stock

Option Plan for Employees 2020” (“ESOP-2020”) of Aavas

Financiers Limited.

The principle object of ESOP-2020 is to promote the culture

of employee ownership and to attract, retain, motivate senior

management as well as critical talent of the Company and to give

them opportunity to participate and gain from the Company’s

performance, thereby, acting as a retention tool as well as to

align the efforts of such talent towards long term value creation

in the organization. Under the ESOP-2020, options are proposed

to be issued to employees fulfilling the criteria; each stock option

would give right to the option holder to subscribe one Equity

Share.

The Members are informed that the Company intends to offer not

more than 3,00,000 (Three lakh) Equity Shares of face value

H10 each of the Company under the ESOP-2020 by way of grant

of Options which will be granted directly by the Company. The

Plan will be administered by the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee of Board of Directors (“Board”).

ESOP-2020 has been prepared and formulated in compliance

with provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee

Benefits) Regulations, 2014 (“SEBI SBEB Regulations”).:

Managing Director or

not but excluding an Independent Director; or

3. An employee as defined in above clause (1) or (2) of a

subsidiary of the Company, in India or outside India, or

of a Holding Company of the Company, if any;

Further, the following persons are not eligible to be categorized

as eligible employees under the ESOP–2020:

1. An employee who is a promoter of the Company or

belongs to the promoter group; or

2. A Director of the Company, who either by himself or

through his relatives or through any body corporate,

directly or indirectly holds more than 10% of the

outstanding Equity Shares of the Company.

Following the above conditions, the eligibility to participate

in the Plan is further subject to such criteria as may be

decided by the Nomination & Remuneration Committee at

its own discretion, including, but not limited to the date of

joining of the Employee with the Company, grade of the

Employee, performance evaluation, period of service with the

Company, criticality or any other criteria, as the Nomination

& Remuneration Committee determines.

c) Requirements of Vesting and period of Vesting (not less

than 1 year)

The options granted shall vest so long as the employee

continues to be in the employment of the Company.

The vesting period shall not be less than 1 year from date

of grant of options. The vesting may happen in one or more

tranches. The detailed terms and conditions of vesting are

mentioned in the ESOP-2020.

The Nomination & Remuneration Committee may, at its

sole & absolute discretion, lay down performance metrics

which shall inter-alia include business performance and

achievement of set business targets on the achievement

of which such options would vest, the detailed terms and

conditions relating to such performance-based vesting and

the proportion in which options granted would vest.

d) Maximum Period within which the options shall be vested

Under the ESOP-2020, the vesting will occur in not more

than 5 years from the date of grant of option.

e) Conditions under which Vested Options may lapse

In case of termination of employment of the employee ‘for

cause’, the vested options may lapse. The events included

under ‘for cause’ are specifically mentioned in the ESOP-

2020.

f) Exercise Price or pricing formula

The Exercise Price shall be the closing price of the Shares of the

Company on the Stock Exchange with the higher trading volume

on the trading day immediately preceding the date of Grant.

g) Exercise Period and process of exercise

The vested options shall be eligible for exercise on and from

the date of vesting. The exercise period shall be four (4)

years from the date of vesting of options except in case of

termination without cause and resignation by the employee.

The employee can exercise stock options at any time after

the vesting date either in full or in tranches by making

full payment of exercise price and applicable taxes and by

execution of such documents as may be prescribed by the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee, from time to time.

The options shall lapse if not exercised within the specified

exercise period.

h) Exercise Period for Vested Options in Case of Termination of

or Resignation from Employment

The exercise period for vested options in case of termination of

employment ‘without cause’ or resignation from employment

is 90 days from the date of termination or resignation as the

case may be.

i) Appraisal process for determining the eligibility of the

Eligible Employees

The process for determining the eligibility of the Eligible

Employees will be specified by the Nomination &

Remuneration Committee and will be based on designation;

period of service, loyalty, value addition, present & past

contribution, band, performance linked parameters such

as work performance and such other criteria as may be

determined by the Nomination & Remuneration Committee

at its sole discretion, from time to time.

j) Maximum number of options to be granted per Eligible

Employee and in aggregate

Maximum number of options to be granted to an Eligible

Employees will be determined by the Nomination &

Remuneration Committee on a case to case basis and shall

not exceed the limit prescribed under the applicable laws.

k) Maximum quantum of benefits to be provided per Employee:

The maximum quantum of benefits underlying the options

issued to an employee shall be equal to the difference

between the option exercise price and the market price of the

shares on the exercise date.

l) Lock in Period

The Equity Shares arising out of exercise of vested options

would not be subject to any lock-in period after such exercise

unless the Nomination & Remuneration Committee decides

otherwise.

m) Implementation and Administration of ESOP-2020

ESOP-2020 shall be implemented directly by the Company

through the Nomination & Remuneration Committee of

the Board. Further, all acts, deeds, things and matters in

connection to ESOP-2020 shall be administered by the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee of the Board.

n) Source of acquisition of shares under the ESOP-2020

Equity Shares shall be allotted to the eligible employees

exercising their Options by way of a primary issuance.

o) Amount of loan to be provided for implementation of

the Scheme(s) by the Company to the trust, its tenure,

utilization, repayment terms, etc.

Not applicable

p) Maximum percentage of secondary acquisition:

Not applicable

q) Compliance with Accounting Policies

The Company shall comply with the disclosures, the

accounting policies and other requirements as may be

prescribed under the applicable laws from time to time.

r) Method of valuation of options

The Company shall adopt the fair value Method by using

Black- Scholes Option Pricing Formula for determining the

value of an option granted under the ESOP-2020.

As the ESOP-2020 would require issue of further Equity

Shares, in terms of Sections 62(1)(b) and rules made

thereunder and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the

Act, as amended and the SEBI SBEB Regulations, consent

of the Members of the Company is required by passing a

Special Resolution in a General Meeting.

A draft copy of the ESOP-2020 is available for inspection as

per details mentioned in note no. 10 to the accompanying

Notice of the Annual General Meeting.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of

the Company and their relatives are, in any way, concerned

or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set

out at Item No. 08 of the accompanying Notice, except to the

extent of the stock options that may be granted to them under

ESOP-2020.

The Board of Directors recommends resolution set out at Item

No. 08 for your consideration and approval by way of Special

Resolution.

By Order of the Board of Directors

For Aavas Financiers Limited

Sharad Pathak

Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

Membership No.: FCS- 9587

Jaipur, June 22, 2020

Registered and Corporate Office:

201-202, 2nd Floor, South End Square,

Mansarover Industrial Area, Jaipur 302 020, Rajasthan, India

CIN: L65922RJ2011PLC034297

Tel: +91 14 1661 8800 Fax: +91 14 1661 8861

E-mail: investorrelations@aavas.in|Website: www.aavas.in:

letter,

setting out terms and conditions

of her appointment is available

for inspection as per details

mentioned in note no. 10 to

the accompanying Notice of the

Annual General Meeting.

Re-appointment as Promoter

Nominee Director liable to retire

by rotation

Re-appointment as Promoter

Nominee Director liable to

retire by rotation

Remuneration proposed to

be paid

Sitting Fees for attending the

Meetings of the Board of Directors

and profit related commission as

approved by the Members from

time to time.

Nil

Nil

Date of first appointment

on Board, last drawn

remuneration and number of

board meetings attended

Mrs. Rajan has been associated

with the Company as an

Additional Director- Independent

since August 29, 2019

During the Previous financial year

Mrs. Rajan was paid sitting fees

amounting to H1.00 lakh

During the Financial Year 2019-

20, 5 (Five) Board Meetings were

convened and held.

However Mrs. Rajan was entitled

to attend 2 (Two) Meetings and

she attended all the 2 (Two)

Board Meetings.

Mr. Tandon has been

associated with the Company

as Promoter Nominee Director

from June 23, 2016.

He was not paid any

remuneration during the

previous Financial Year.

During the Financial Year

2019-20, 5 (Five) Board

Meetings were convened and

held and all 5 (Five) Meetings

were attended by Mr. Tandon.

Mr. Kaji has been associated

with the Company as

Promoter Nominee Director

from July 27, 2017.

He was not paid any

remuneration during the

previous Financial Year.

During the Financial Year

2019-20, 5 (Five) Board

Meetings were convened and

held and 2 (Two) Meetings

were attended by Mr.Kaji.:

