Letter, etc., together with attested specimen

signature(s) of the duly authorized representative(s), to

the Scrutiniser at e-mail id: scrutinizer.abcl@ kfintech.

com with a copy marked to evoting.abcl@kfintech.

com. They are also requested to upload the same in

the e-voting module in their login. The scanned image

of the above mentioned documents should be in the

naming format “Corporate Name_ EVENT NO.

(B) In case of a Member whose e-mail address is not

registered / updated with the Company / KFinTech /

Depository Participant(s), please follow the following

steps to generate your login credentials:

(i)

Members holding shares in physical mode, who have

not registered / updated their email address with the

Company, are requested to register / update the same

by accessing the website of the Company at https://

www.adityabirlacapital.com/investor-relations or by

writing to the Company with details of folio number

and attaching a self-attested copy of PAN card at

abc.secretarial@adityabirlacapital.com or to KFinTech

at adityacapital@kfintech.com with the subject line

“Aditya Birla Capital Limited - 13th AGM” on or before

Thursday, 27th August, 2020. The same will be replied

by the Company suitably.

(ii)

Members holding shares in dematerialised mode who

have not registered their e-mail addresses with their

Depository Participant(s) are requested to register

/ update their email addresses with the Depository

Participant(s) with whom they maintain their demat

accounts.

(iii) After due verification, the Company / KFinTech will

forward your login credentials to your registered email

address.

(iv) Follow the instructions at (A). (i) to (xiv) above, to cast

your vote.

PROCEDURE FOR INSPECTION OF DOCUMENTS:

33. The following documents will be available for inspection by

the Members electronically during the AGM.

a)

Certificate from the Statutory Auditors relating to the

Company’s Employee Stock Option Scheme(s) as per

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014;

b)

Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

and their shareholding, and the Register of Contracts

or Arrangements in which the Directors are interested,

maintained under the Act;

c)

Details as required under Section 197(12) of the

Act, read with Rule 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014, with respect to information

of employees;

d)

Such other documents referred to in the Notice and

the Explanatory Statement.

34. All documents referred to in the Notice and the Explanatory

Statement will also be available electronically for inspection

without any fee by the Members from the date of

circulation of this Notice up to the date of AGM. Members

seeking to inspect such documents can send an email to

abc.secretarial@adityabirlacapital.com with the subject

line “Aditya Birla Capital Limited - 13th AGM” on or before

Thursday, 27th August, 2020. The same will be replied by

the Company suitably.

OTHER INFORMATION

35. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by a Member, whether

partially or otherwise, the Member shall not be allowed to

change it subsequently or cast the vote again.

36. In case of any query pertaining to e-voting, Members

may refer to the “Help” and “FAQs” sections / E-voting

user manual available through a dropdown menu in the

“Downloads” section of KFinTech’s website for e-voting:

https://evoting.karvy.com or contact KFinTech as per the

details given under sub-point no. 49 below.

37. Members are requested to notify immediately any change

of address:

(i)

to their Depository Participants (“DPs”) in respect of

the shares held in electronic form;

(ii)

to the Company; and:

letter under

Registered / Speed post seeking PAN and bank details and

two reminders thereof by ordinary post/ courier. Further

details on the same have been elaborated in “Shareholder

Information” section of the Annual Report.

47. Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 101 and 136 of

the Act, read with the relevant rules made there under and

to support the ‘Green Initiative’ taken up by Ministry of

Corporate Affairs, Companies can serve Annual Reports and

other communications through electronic mode to those

Members who have registered their e-mail address either

with their DPs or the Company. Accordingly, Members holding

shares in physical mode are requested to register their e-mail

address with KFinTech/ Company and Members holding

shares in demat mode are requested to register their e-mail

address with their respective DPs, in case the same is still

not registered.:

Dear Shareholders,

COVID-19 and the associated lockdowns across countries have

triggered a once-in-a-century crisis for the society and the

economy in 2020. January now seems like a month of a bygone

era – such has been the enormity of change. This is a defining

period in human and business history: one that will test the

resilience of individuals, societies, corporations and nations.

Given the fog of uncertainty all around, it is hard to be

prescient in these times. But there is little doubt on one

reality: companies with quality leadership, sound business

fundamentals and a track record of winning in turbulent times,

will emerge as champions in the new global order.

GLOBAL ECONOMY

It has been several months since the pandemic engulfed

the world and yet there is a lot of uncertainty with respect to

the extent of the economic contraction due to this crisis, and

the subsequent pace of recovery.

This year will see an economic contraction, but the

‘2020 recession’ is turning out very different from the past

recessions. It has been too sudden – almost off the cliff; its

spread has been all-encompassing – affecting almost every

economy and sector; and the plunge in economic activity levels

and employment has been unprecedented.

On the positive side, this recession is likely to be one of

the shortest, assuming no second wave of the pandemic

recurs. As present lockdowns around the world get lifted, and

businesses reopen, economic activity is likely to bounce back

fairly quickly. Around US$9-trillion stimulus from different

governments globally will help to support this recovery, along

with the monetary actions by central banks. These policies

will also help to restrict the second-order effects like defaults

and bankruptcies.

Some scars of the crisis will remain in the form of subdued

consumer and business confidence. Some sectors like airlines

and hospitality will take time to recover fully. And some supply

chain disruption effects will linger. The International Monetary

Fund (IMF) and other agencies are predicting that it could

take about five to six quarters for global GDP to inch back to

pre-crisis levels, and the global economic trajectory thereafter

will be below the pre-COVID trajectory for the next few years.

As the world emerges from the current crisis, the next few

years are likely to be marked by the lack of buoyancy in growth,

subdued commodity prices and inflation, a cautious trend in

project investments, heightened risks of de-globalisation and

political uncertainty; and increased dependence of financial

systems on ultra-loose monetary policy conditions. We will

KUMAR MANGALAM BIRLA

Chairman, Aditya Birla Group

CHAIRMAN’S: LETTER

TO SHAREHOLDERS

LETTER

TO SHAREHOLDERS

AJAY SRINIVASAN

Chief Executive, Aditya Birla Capital: Dear Shareholders,

The year FY 20 was a year of twists and turns, full of volatility

and surprises. India’s GDP grew by 5.2% in Q1, 4.4% in Q2

and 4.1% in Q3. So India was already slowing by the time we

reached Q4. The Nifty on the other hand made a lifetime high

in January 2020. In Q4, India’s economy expanded by 3.1 per

cent and dragged the full year FY 20 GDP growth to 4.2 per

cent, the weakest since the financial crisis hit more than a

decade back. The Nifty corrected in Q4 to levels we last saw in

2016.The event no one could have imagined or predicted was

the Coronavirus which surfaced in December 2019 in China

and became a global pandemic, playing havoc with lives and

economies the world over.

With business operations across the world coming to a near

standstill as a result of lockdowns, it forced organizations to

relook at strategies and best practices and find a way forward

in the emerging new normal, protecting employee lives while

ensuring business continuity.

ABCL PERFORMANCE

During the year, Aditya Birla Capital through its subsidiaries

delivered growth inspite of the pandemic and the covid

related provisions we took in our lending businesses. While

this last financial year will be remembered more for the way it

ended, it didn’t start out so badly. In Q1, our PAT grew by 27%

year-on-year with strong growth across all our businesses.

In Q2, our PAT was up 37% but we started seeing headwinds

in our mutual fund and lending businesses in terms of credit

quality, our AUM and Book growth. In Q3, our PAT was still up

by 17% though our lending book started to fall and we got even

more concerned about overall credit quality. We were going well

till mid- March when the lockdown impacted the crucial last

two weeks of the year.

In spite of that, our aggregate revenue at ABC for FY 20 grew

9% year on year to over `18,000 Crore.

Our Lending book in FY 20 across our NBFC and HFC businesses

stood at just under `60,000 Crore, more than several mid-sized

banks; in a tough market, we raised `15,000 Crore of long term

money last year, with our “AAA” rating being re-affirmed.

Our Gross insurance premium across our health and life

insurance businesses grew to `8,882 Crore, making us a

significant insurer in the country. Furthermore, our health

insurance business had the distinction of the being the fastest

growing Stand Alone Health Insurer in the industry.

Managing Director and CEO,

Aditya Birla Finance Limited

MR. KAMLESH RAO: Managing

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Aditya Birla Sun Life

AMC Limited

MR. TUSHAR SHAH

Chief Executive Officer-

Infrastructure & Structured

Finance

Aditya Birla Finance Limited

MR. PRAMO

SELVARATNAM

President, Strategy and

Business Development

Aditya Birla Capital Limited

MR. AJAY KAKAR

Chief Marketing Officer

Aditya Birla Capital Limited

MR. A. DHANANJAYA

Chief Compliance and

Risk Officer

Aditya Birla Capital Limited

MR. SUBHRO BHADURI

Chief Human Resources

Officer

Aditya Birla Capital Limited

45

Corporate Overview

Financial Statements

Statutory Reports:

letter from M/s. Deloitte Haskins

& Sells LLP, confirming that they are not disqualified from

continuing to act as Statutory Auditors of the Company.

The observation(s) made in the Auditor’s Report are self-

explanatory and therefore, do not call for any further comments

under Section 134(3)(f) of the Act.

The Auditor’s Report does not contain any qualifications,

reservations, adverse remarks or disclaimer. The Statutory

Auditors have not reported any incident of fraud to the Audit

Committee or the Board of Directors under Section 143(12) of

the Act during the financial year under review.

SECRETARIAL AUDITORS

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 204(1) of the Act read

with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Company had appointed

M/s. Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Practicing Company Secretaries,

to conduct the Secretarial Audit for the financial year under review.

The Secretarial Audit Report in Form MR-3 for the financial

year under review, as received from M/s. Makarand M. Joshi &

Co., Company Secretaries, is attached as Annexure VII to the

Board’s Report.

Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, the Annual Secretarial Compliance Report for the

financial year under review is attached as Annexure VIII to the

Board’s Report.

The Secretarial Audit Report and the Annual Secretarial

Compliance Report do not contain any qualifications, reservations

or adverse remarks. The Annual Secretarial Compliance Report

for the financial year 2019-20 has also been submitted to the

Stock Exchanges.

COST RECORDS AND COST AUDITORS

The provisions of Cost Audit and Records as prescribed under

Section 148 of the Act, are not applicable to the Company.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

In accordance with Section 135 of the Act, your Company has

a Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Committee. The CSR

Committee has formulated and recommended to the Board, a

Corporate Social Responsibility Policy (“CSR Policy”) indicating

the activities to be undertaken by the Company, which has

been approved by the Board.

The CSR Policy is available on the Company’s website at

https://www.adityabirlacapital.com/investor-relations/policies-

and-codes.

In view of aggregate losses as per the calculation of net profits

as per the provisions of the Act, your Company was not required

to spend any amount towards CSR during the financial year

under review. Accordingly, no CSR activity was undertaken by

the Company. The Company does however have an active CSR

programme through its subsidiaries.

Further details on the CSR Committee are provided in the

Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of this Annual

Report.

WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY / VIGIL MECHANISM

In compliance with the provisions of Section 177(9) of the

Act read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Meetings of Board

and its Powers) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 22 of the SEBI

Listing Regulations, the Company has formulated a Whistle

blower policy/ vigil mechanism for Directors and Employees to

report concerns, details of which are covered in the Corporate

Governance Report, which forms part of this Annual Report.

The Company has revised the Whistle-Blower policy to

insert “reporting of incidents of leak or suspected leak of

Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI)” in terms of

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider

Trading) Regulations, 2015, as amended and the revised

policy was approved by the Audit Committee and the Board.

The said policy is available on the Company’s website at

https://www.adityabirlacapital.com/investor-relations/policies-

and-codes.

POLICY ON PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF

WOMEN AT WORKPLACE

Your Company has in place an appropriate policy which is in

line with the requirements of the Sexual Harassment of Women

at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013.

An Internal Complaints Committee has been set up to redress

complaints, if any, received regarding sexual harassment of

women. The Company has complied with the provisions relating

to the constitution of Internal Complaints Committee under the

Sexual Harassment of Women at the Workplace (Prevention,

Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. All employees (permanent,

contractual, temporary, trainees) are covered under this policy.

We further state that during the financial year under review, there

were no complaints received/cases filed / cases pending under

the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,

Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.

HUMAN RESOURCES

Our Purpose at Aditya Birla Capital and our subsidiaries is to help

our customers lead fulfilling lives through financial solutions we

offer and it is our strong workforce spread across every part of

the country that makes this happen. It is the zeal and passion

with which our people do business by keeping the customer and

her / his needs always at the forefront that bring our Vision and

Purpose alive.:

letter reference no. SVP/8091A dated

December 13, 2019.

2.

We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants,

the Statutory Auditors of Aditya Birla Capital Limited (the

“Company”), have examined the compliance of conditions

of Corporate Governance by the Company, for the year

ended on March 31, 2020, as stipulated in regulations 17

to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C

and D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing

Regulations”).

Managements’ Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is

the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility

includes the design, implementation and maintenance of

internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance

with the conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated

in Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures

and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for

ensuring compliance with the conditions of the Corporate

Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of

opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5.

We have examined the books of account and other relevant

records and documents maintained by the Company for

the purposes of providing reasonable assurance on the

compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by

the Company.

6.

We have carried out an examination of the relevant records

of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note

on Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the

Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”),

the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10)

of the Companies Act 2013, in so far as applicable for the

purpose of this certificate and as per the Guidance Note

on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by

the ICAI which requires that we comply with the ethical

requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements

of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control

for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical

Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related

Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

Based on our examination of the relevant records and

according to the information and explanations provided to

us and the representations provided by the Management, we

certify that the Company has complied with the conditions

of Corporate Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to

27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and

D of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations during the year

ended March 31, 2020.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

Sanjiv V. Pilgaonkar

Partner

Place: Mumbai

Membership No. 39826

Date: 5th June, 2020

(UDIN: 20039826AAAADB7791)

To The Members of Aditya Birla Capital Limited

Independent Auditor’s Certificate on Corporate Governance

ANNEXURE III:

MANAGING DIRECTOR, WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND /OR MANAGER: Not Applicable

B.

REMUNERATION TO OTHER DIRECTORS:

During the financial year under review, the Company paid the following Sitting fees to its Independent Directors for attending

Board and Committee Meeting(s) as follows:-

(` in crore)

Names of Independent Directors

Mr. S. C. Bhargava

Mrs. Vijayalakshmi Iyer

Mr. Arun Adhikari

Mr. P. H. Ravikumar

Total

Fee for attending board / committee meeting(s)

0.04

0.04

0.04

0.04

0.16

Commission

-

-

-

-

-

Others, please specify

-

-

-

-

-

Total

0.04

0.04

0.04

0.04

0.16

Notes:

1.

Overall Ceiling as per the Companies Act, 2013 for sitting fees is ` 1,00,000 (Rupees One Lakh only ) per Board/ Committee Meeting thereof.

2.

Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla, Mr. Sushil Agarwal and Dr. Santrupt Misra (Non- Executive Directors) did not receive any remuneration during

the financial year under review

3.

Figures in the above table have been rounded-off to two decimals:

MANAGING DIRECTOR, WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR

AND/OR MANAGER

(` in crore)

Sl.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Key Managerial Personnel

Mr. Ajay Srinivasan,

Chief Executive Officer2

Mrs. Pinky Mehta,

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Sailesh Kumar Daga,

Company Secretary

Total

1.

Gross salary1

(a)

Salary as per provisions contained in section

17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

27.30

2.37

0.89

30.56

(b)

Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income-tax

Act, 1961

0.51

0.25

0.06

0.82

(c)

Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3)

Income-tax Act, 1961

-

-

-

-

2.

Stock Option

-

(0.09)

-

(0.09)

3.

Sweat Equity

-

-

-

-

4.

Commission

- as % of profit

- others, specify...

-

-

-

-

5.

Others, please specify: Provident Fund (PF)

0.41

0.09

0.04

0.54

Total for FY 2019-20

28.22

2.71

0.99

31.92

Previous Year FY 2018-19

35.27

2.18

0.93

38.38

1 Includes Long-term incentive plan deferred pay-out for the previous period.

2 Variable pay is within 70% of the gross salary.

VII. PENALTIES / PUNISHMENT/ COMPOUNDING OF OFFENCES:

During the financial year under review, there were no penalties/punishment/compounding of offences under the Companies

Act, 2013.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

Aditya Birla Capital Limited

Kumar Mangalam Birla

Date: 12th June, 2020

Chairman

Place: Mumbai

DIN: 00012813:

letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

To

The Members,

Aditya Birla Capital Limited,

Indian Rayon Compound

Veraval – 362 266

Gujarat

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on

our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the

processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited

to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the company.

For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

Practicing Company Secretaries

Makarand Joshi

Partner

FCS No. 5533

CP No. 3662

UDIN: F005533B000321156

Peer Review No: P2009MH007000

Place: Mumbai

Date: 5th June, 2020

ANNEXURE VII

Annexure A’

letter,

debarment, etc

Observations/ remarks of the

Practicing Company Secretary,

if any.

Not Applicable

(d) The listed entity has taken the following actions to comply with the observations made in previous reports:

Sr.

No.

Observations of the

Practicing Company Secretary

in the previous reports

Observations made

in the secretarial

compliance report

Actions taken by the

listed entity, if any

Comments of the Practicing

Company Secretary on the

actions taken by the listed entity

Not Applicable

For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

Practicing Company Secretaries

Makarand Joshi

Partner

FCS No. 5533

CP No. 3662

UDIN: F005533B000287606

Peer Review No: P2009MH007000

Place: Mumbai

Date: 27th May, 2020

ANNEXURE VIII:

Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer of NCDEX (the leading commodity exchange in India)

for five years and also the founding: Managing

letter of appointment together with an induction kit is

given to the Independent Directors at the time of their

appointment setting out their roles, functions, duties and

responsibilities. As per Regulation 46(2) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, the terms and conditions of appointment of

Independent Directors are available on the Company’s

website at https://www.adityabirlacapital.com/about-us/

board-of-directors.

The Directors are familiarised with your Company’s

businesses and its operations. Interactions are held

between the Directors and Senior Management of your

Company. Directors are familiarised with the organisational

set-up, functioning of various departments, internal

control processes and relevant information pertaining:

letter under Registered / Speed

post seeking PAN and bank details and two reminders

thereof by ordinary post/ courier.

Shareholders are requested to update their details such

as PAN, Bank details and email ids with the concerned

depository participants and in case of physical holding with

the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company.

Nomination Facility for Shareholding

Section 72 of the Act, extends nomination facility to

individuals holding shares in physical form. Shareholders,

in particular, those holding shares in single name, may

avail the above facility by furnishing the particulars of their

nominations in the prescribed Nomination Form, which

can be downloaded from the website of the Company at

https://www.adityabirlacapital.com/investor-relations/

shareholder-centre or obtained from the Company’s RTA

by sending a written request through any mode including

e-mail on adityacapital@kfintech.com

Change of Address and Furnishing of Bank Details

Shareholders holding shares in physical form should notify

to the Company’s RTA, change in their address with PIN

Code number and Bank Account details by written request

under the signatures of sole/first joint holder.

Beneficial Owners of shares in demat form should send

their instructions regarding change of address, bank details,

nomination, power of attorney, change in E-mail address,

etc., directly to their DP, as the said records are maintained

by the DPs.

To prevent fraudulent encashment of dividend warrants,

Shareholders, who hold shares in physical form, should

provide their Bank Account details to the Company’s RTA,

while those Shareholders, who hold shares in dematerialised

form, should provide their Bank Account details to their DPs,

for printing of the same on the dividend warrants.

Shareholders are requested to keep record of their specimen

signature before lodgement of shares with the RTA of the

Company to obviate the possibility of difference in signature

at a later date.

Shareholders of the Company who have multiple accounts

in identical name(s) or holding more than one Share

Certificate in the same name under different Ledger Folio(s)

in physical form are requested to apply for consolidation

of such Folio(s) and send the relevant Share Certificates to

the RTA of the Company.

Registering of e-mail Address

Shareholders, who have not yet registered their e-mail

address for availing the facility of e-communication, are

requested to register the same with the Company/ RTA

(in case the shares are held in physical form) or their DPs

(in case the shares are held in dematerialised form) for

easier and faster correspondences. Considering the green

initiative measures taken by the Government and SEBI, the

Company has sent inland letters dated 16th January, 2020

to shareholders holding shares in demat form requesting

them to update their e-mail address, PAN and bank details

with the DPs.

Alternatively, shareholders holding shares in physical and

demat mode, wanting to register their e-mail address can

register the same by accessing the links provided below:

https://ris.kfintech.com/email_registration/ and

https://www.adityabirlacapital.com/investor-relations.

Loss of Shares

In case of loss/misplacement of shares, investors should

immediately lodge an FIR/Complaint with the police

and inform to the Company/RTA along with the original

or certified copy of FIR/Acknowledged copy of Police

Complaint along with a self-attested copy of their PAN

card and address proof viz. Aadhar card / electricity bill etc.

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION:

letter to the Company/ RTA.

A report in respect of the Equity Shares lying in the

Unclaimed Suspense Account as on 31st March, 2020 is

as under:-

Sr.

No.

Description

Number of

Shareholders

Number of

Equity Shares

1

Aggregate number of

shareholders and the

outstanding shares lying

in the Unclaimed Suspense

Account as at 1st April,

2019

8,274

8,62,544

2

Number of shareholders

who have approached

the issuer for transfer of

shares from the Unclaimed

Suspense Account during

the year

29

6,515

3

Number of shareholders

to whom shares were

transferred from the

Unclaimed Suspense

Account during the year

29

6,515

4.

Aggregate number of

shareholders and the

outstanding shares lying

in the Unclaimed Suspense

Account as at 31st March,

2020

8,245

8,56,029

The voting rights on the shares in the suspense account

as on 31st March, 2020, shall remain frozen till the

rightful owners of such shares claim the shares.

In view of the above, the Company had sent three

reminders dated 15th March 2018, 1st February 2019 and

16th September, 2019 to shareholders informing them

the status of their shares and asking them to provide

documents to claim the undelivered share certificates.

Further, via: letter dated 16th January 2020 the Company

has tried to reach out to shareholders holding shares in

physical form (including the undelivered shareholders) to

dematerialize their holdings.

Company’s Website

You are requested to visit the Company’s website https://

www.adityabirlacapital.com/investor-relations/shareholder-

centre for

•

Information on investor services offered by the

Company.

•

Downloading of various forms/formats, viz.,

Nomination form, ECS Mandate form, Indemnity,

Affidavits, etc.

•

Registering/ updating your e-mail address

NECS Facility:

In terms of a notification issued by the Reserve Bank of India,

with effect from 1st October, 2009, remittance of Dividend

through ECS is replaced by National Electronic Clearing

Service (NECS). Banks have been instructed to move to the

NECS platform. The advantages of NECS over ECS include

faster credit of remittance to the beneficiary’s account,

coverage of more bank branches and ease of operations.

NECS essentially operates on the new and unique bank

account number, allotted by bank post-implementation of

Core Banking System of inward instructions and efficiency

in handling bulk transactions.

Members are requested to provide their new account

number allotted to them by their respective banks after

implementation of Core Banking Solution. The account

number must be provided to the Company in respect

of shares held in physical form and to the depository

participants in respect of shares held in electronic form.

Web-based Query Redressal System

Members may utilise the facility extended by the Registrar

and Transfer Agent for redressal of queries, by visiting

https://karisma.kfintech.com/ and clicking on ‘INVESTORS

SERVICES’ option for query registration through free identity

registration process. Investors can submit their query in the

‘QUERIES’ option provided on the above website, which

would generate the grievance a registration number. For

accessing the status / response to the query submitted,

the grievance registration number can be used at the option

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

Letter of Comfort given by the Company on behalf of clients

29.02

72.97

C)

Corporate Guarantees given by the Company on behalf of clients*

315.49

13.23

D)

For the previous period, Aditya Birla Capital Technology Services Limited (ABCTSL) (Formerly known as Aditya Birla MyUniverse Limited), a

subsidiary of the Group, has issued 0.001% Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares (CCPS), aggregating to ` 60 Crore to International

Finance Corporation (IFC) vide Shareholders Agreement, dated 19th December, 2014 and Subscription Agreement, dated 19th December,

2014 (SHA). Under the said SHA, the Group has granted to IFC an option to sell the shares to ABCL at fair valuation from the period beginning

on the expiry of 60 months of the subscription by IFC, upto a maximum of 120 months from the date of subscription by IFC, in the event ABCL

or ABCTL fails to provide an opportunity to IFC to exit from ABCL within 60 months from the date of subscription by IFC in the form of listing,

secondary sale or acquisition, etc. In the event ABCTSL fails to fulfil its obligation, the Group will be obligated to fulfil this obligation.

*Includes Corporate Guarantees given to National Housing Bank by the Company on behalf of its subsidiary Aditya Birla Housing Finance Limited

(ABHFL) of ` 500 Crore against which the amount liable by ABHFL is ` 303.05 Crore. As per the terms of the Guarantee, on invocation, the

Company’s liability is capped at the outstanding amount.

NOTE: 41 CAPITAL AND OTHER COMMITMENTS

` crore

Particulars

As at

31st March, 2020

As at

31st March, 2019

a)

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on Capital Account and not

provided for (Net of Advances)

106.84

46.70

b)

Uncalled liabilities on shares and other investments partly paid

668.67

564.85

c)

Other Commitments

4.69

2.00

d)

Pursuant to the Shareholders’ Agreement entered into with Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada by the Company, in respect of Aditya

Birla Sun Life Insurance Company Limited, the Company has agreed to infuse shares/capital from time to meet the solvency requirement

prescribed by the regulatory authority.

Transfer of investment in Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance Company Limited is restricted by the terms contained in Shareholders' Agreements

entered into by the Company.

NOTES

forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31st March, 2020:

