Managing Director & CEO

(w.e.f 05.09.2019)

Shri Lingam Venkata Prabhakar

(DIN: 08110715)

Additional Director (Promoter Non-Executive)

Shri Debashish Mukherjee

(DIN: 08193978)

Director (Promoter Non-Executive)

Shri G Naganathan

(DIN: 00423686)

Director (Independent Non-Executive)

Shri Shreekant M Bhandiwad

(DIN: 08120906)

Dy.: Managing

letter

and spirit

We are set apart by

our strengths which

are defined by our

business model:

Asset Quality

Continued focus on

customer selection,

prudent underwriting,

effective collection,

close monitoring and

recovery

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

004:

Managing Director

traversed so far on the chosen path

of retail lending and it is by design

that we have always stuck to our core

competency. We strive to give the

maximum thrust to affordable housing.

Our affordable housing loan centres

started in the year 2017, is a prime

example of this. Our initiative to open

branches in Tier 2, 3 and 4 cities is also a

further step in this direction.

The well thought out policies of the

Government, particularly its mission and

vision of Housing for All by 2022 are

concrete and constructive tools that help

HFC’s like ours to function effectively

and grant loans for home ownership,

especially for first time home buyers.

The Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana-Credit

Linked Subsidy Scheme was launched

in 2015, with the objective of providing

shelter to the urban poor, mainly the

Low Income Group (LIG) & Economically

Weaker Section (EWS). Thereafter, the

CLSS was extended for the Middle Income

Group (MIG I & II ) as well to cover a

wider cross-section of beneficiaries.

In order to combat both the housing

shortage and the affordability factor,

lending under the Pradhan Mantri Awas

Yojana (PMAY) - Credit Linked Subsidy

Schemes (CLSS) has intensified. Since the

scheme is operational for 2 more years,

we anticipate that it will be successful

in bringing maximum number of urban

home buyers under its fold, thereby

vindicating its objective and launch.

Robust systems and well defined processes,

backed by committed manpower, have

ensured fairness in dealings with our

borrowers and clients. Our multiple service

branches numbering 200 at present in

21 states, help us stay connected with

customers across the country.

Inspite of numerous challenges, we had a

fairly good financial year, 2019-20.

The year saw new loan approvals of

Rs.5,897 crore, disbursements of Rs.5,481

crore and ended with a loan book of: Dear Shareholders,

country and the Company decided to

do the right things. Millions dream of an

affordable home, their very own shelter to

lead their lives with freedom and dignity.

The satisfaction of owning a house is an

important foundation for a successful life.

Making housing affordable means lending

a sense of security to the citizens of the

country and thereby in essence, building

a stronger nation. Therefore, focus on

individual housing loans to ensure a roof

over every head was the agenda which the

Company has stuck to, since inception.

Earning the trust of our customers has

been our maxim. Having adopted the

credo of friendship finance, we have

In a dynamic, continuously

evolving world where change is

the only constant, the bulwark

of any institution is its reliability,

resourcefulness and resilience.

The reputation of Can Fin Homes as a

trustworthy and dependable organisation

has grown over the years. 2020 marks

the 33rd year of our noteworthy journey,

during the course of which, we have won

many accolades.

Backed by a strong parent, 33 years ago,

we started our journey with the twin

objectives of promoting home ownership

and increasing housing stock in the

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

008

Managing Director

(Promoter)

Shri Satish Kumar Kalra

Additional Director

(Independent)

Shri Debashish

Mukherjee

Director (Promoter)

Dr. Yeluri Vijayanand

Director (Independent)

Smt Shubhalakshmi

Amod Panse

Additional Director

(Independent)

Smt Bharati Rao

Chairperson

Shri Girish Kousgi: Managing

Managing Director of SBI and she had

held concurrent charge of SBI’s 7 Associate

Banks and 7 Non-Banking Subsidiaries.

Smt Bharati Rao is currently a member

on the Boards of three listed Companies

viz. Neuland Laboratories Limited, Suprajit

Engineering Ltd. and Can Fin Homes

Limited (as on March 31, 2020) and five

unlisted Companies viz. Delphi TVS Diesel

Systems Ltd., SBI Global Factors Ltd.,

SBICap Securities Limited, Tata Teleservices

Ltd., SBI Capital Markets Limited. She is

also an Advisor to Brickworks Ratings India

Pvt. Ltd.

Shri Girish Kousgi is a graduate in

Commerce (B.Com.) and Post graduate

in

Business

Administration

(MBA).

Shri Girish Kousgi is a Banking professional

with 25+ years of experience. He has an

extensive experience of managing assets

and liabilities and has gained expertise in

mortgage, retail lending, SME and Agri

business.

During his career so far, he has worked in

HDFC Ltd., ICICI Bank, IDFC Bank and Tata

Capital. He has dealt with a variety of loan

products like home loans, business loans,

LAP, personal loans, mortgages, deposits,

retail and rural products, etc. and gained

wide experience in handling sales, product,

credit underwriting, risk and operations.

He has significant experience of retail

banking for over 16 years in Bengaluru,

Hyderabad and Kerala apart from an

experience of about 11 years in credit risk

including risk-based verification strategies

for

loan

products,

measure

credit

expansion opportunities in the lending

market and validate and implement credit

risk models.

Smt Bharati Rao

Chairperson

Shri G Naganathan

Director (Independent)

Shri Girish Kousgi: Managing

Managing Director on August

31, 2007 after serving for more than 37

years. As DMD and Group Executive of

Associates and Subsidiaries, he was the

nominee director of SBI in all Associate

Banks, and non-banking subsidiaries, as

also in ARCIL, Thomas Cook India, and

CIBIL. He was also on the boards of three

overseas subsidiaries/joint ventures of

SBI. The other prominent positions held

by him were: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

(Additional-charge) in Andhra Bank for 6

months (he was the Whole Time Director/

Executive Director in Andhra Bank from

Oct 2012 to Aug 2017). He was General

Manager (Treasury) in Allahabad Bank. He

was a Director on Board on India First Life

Insurance Company Limited.

Presently, he is on the Boards of PNB

GILTS and the Lakshmi Vilas Bank Ltd as

Independent Director.

Shri Satish Kumar Kalra has provided

strategic guidance to the Bank in Key

areas

of

NPA,

Credit,

International

Banking Treasury Management, HR, etc.

He has a vide experience in the areas of

Treasury Management, Risk management,

Corporate Planning, Inspection & Audit,

Merchant Banking, Board Secretariat,

Credit Monitoring & Review, Recovery

Management and Legal, Retail & MSME

lending. He has an experience of about 38

years in the banking industry.

He

has

attended

CAFRAL

Training

Programme at USA Washington and New

York. Also attended SIBOS Program at

Dubai and training for EDs at Kozhikode.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Amod Panse has

been appointed as an Additional Director

(Non-executive independent) on the Board

of the Company w.e.f. June 15, 2020.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse, is a Post

Graduate in Science (M.Sc.), Diploma in

Business Management (DBM), Masters in

Management Sciences with Specialization

in

Financial

Management

(MMS),

Masters in Business Administration with

specialization in Bank Management (USA)

and CAIIB.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse has been a

Member of External Advisory Committee

set up by RBI for vetting the applications

received for setting up Payment Banks. She

was a member of P J Nayak Committee

set up by the Government of India for

Corporate Governance in PSBs. She

was also a member of Appointments

Committee for selection of CMDs & EDs of

public sector banks.

Presently, she is on the Boards of Sudarshan

Chemicals Industries Ltd., Atul Ltd., KPIT

Technologies Ltd. and PNB Housing Finance

Company Ltd. as Independent Director.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse was appointed

as Chairperson &: Managing Director,

Allahabad Bank from 01/10/2012 to

31/01/2014. (Prior to that she was an

Executive Director of Vijaya Bank from

20/11/2009 to 30/09/2012). She was also

the

Managing Director

Shri Girish Kousgi: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of

Company w.e.f September 05, 2019.

In his career spanning over 25 years, retail

banking experience of 16 years coupled

with 11 years’ experience in credit risk

and his consequent expertise in sales,

mortgage, retail lending, SME and Agri

business have helped him hone his

capabilities for effective leadership in the

new domain.

Holds a MBA degree and is one of the

initial staff members of the Company,

having joined it in February 1988 as a

management trainee, a few months after

inception.

She has served the Company in various

capacities and has had a wide exposure

and experience in operations. She has

successfully headed several branches of

the company over the years and has also

effectively

handled

Credit,

Accounts,

Human Resources Management (HRM),

Recovery,

Planning

&

Development

departments in the Registered Office

during her lengthy tenure of around 32

years. Presently, she oversees the overall

functioning of the Company, in her

capacity as General Manager.

Assistant General Manager of F &

A Department of the Company is a

Commerce graduate. Having joined the

Company in 1989, he is a senior employee

with 31 years of service. In this period, he

has a wide exposure in operations and has

headed branches in the states of Karnataka,

Maharashtra, Odisha. Additionally he

also headed the Maharashtra cluster. He

has also worked for about 11 years in

Finance & Accounts Department of the

Company and has donned the mantle of

the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company

w.e.f. November 4, 2019.

Is a Post Graduate in Agricultural Science

and a CAIIB. He joined Canara Bank in

1994 as an officer and has achieved his high

office by virtue of 26 years of commercial

banking experiences in the states of

Haryana, Rajasthan and Karnataka.

Before his posting to the Company, he

was successfully heading the Rajasthan

operations of Canara Bank as Head of

Jaipur Circle of the Bank. He has worked

in Jaipur Regional Office, Bengaluru

Cantonment, Langford Town and Yediyur

branches and Davanagere Regional Office.

He also worked in the: Managing

letter

and spirit with an explicit notification on the website of

your Company, to the extent applicable.

During the year NHB has issued the following policies,

circulars, guidelines etc. for Housing Finance Companies:

1.

Policy-Circular-No.95

dated

29/05/2019:

NHB

has directed all HFCs with asset size of more than

Rs. 5,000 Crore, to appoint Chief Risk officer. The

Company has appointed Mr. H R Narendra as the

Chief Risk Officer of the Company w.e.f. 22/05/2019.

2.

NHB

Circular

NHB/ND/DRS/

Policy

Circular

No.96/2019-20 dated July 19, 2019 was issued

on “Disbursement of housing loan to individuals

linked to the stages of construction” the Company

has been following the procedure even prior to the

policy Circular.

In terms of the Housing Finance Companies – Corporate

Governance (NHB) Directions, 2016, the Company has

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

042:

Managing Director with a remuneration of Rs.12.50 Lakh

per month and no other employees were employed for a

part of the year with a remuneration of Rs.8.5 Lakh or more

per month. The ratio of remuneration of each Director to the

median of employee’s remuneration and such other details

as required under Sec 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013

read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules 2014, and 2016

are furnished below:

(i) Ratio of remuneration of each director to the

median employees’ remuneration for FY 2020

The ratio of the remuneration of: Managing

Managing Director and CEO of the Company w.e.f.

September 05, 2019 for a tenure of 5 years. The brief

profile and all other particulars relating to Shri Girish

Kousgi, the terms and conditions of appointment,

including remuneration, are provided in detail in the

Notice of the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the

Company for approval of members and all the relevant

information in this regard are provided in the explanatory

statement. Shri Girish Kousgi has also been designated as

the Key Managerial Personnel.

(6) Shri Satish Kumar Kalra has been appointed as an

Additional Director (Non-executive Independent) by the

Board of Directors of the Company on June 15, 2020.

(7) Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse has been appointed as an

Additional Director (Non-executive Independent) by the

Board of Directors of the Company on June 15, 2020.

(8) Shri Lingam Venkata Prabhakar has been appointed as

an additional Director (Non-executive Promoter) by the

Board of Directors of the Company on July 30, 2020.

The agenda relating to appointment of Shri Satish Kumar Kalra

and Smt. Shubhalakshmi Panse, as Independent Directors and

and Shri Lingam Venkata Prabhakar as a Director liable to retire

by rotation, are included in the Notice of the ensuing Annual

General Meeting and complete particulars of the Directors are

provided in the Explanatory Statements forming part of the

said Notice.

The directors had filed their consent(s) and declaration(s) that

they are not disqualified to become directors in terms of the

provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and related Rules. The

directors have intimated to the Company that they are not

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

046:

Managing Director resigned on June 27,

2019, on his repatriation to Canara Bank consequent

to his appointment as the: Managing

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer of the Company stating that the members

of the Board and the Senior Management Personnel have

affirmed compliance of their respective Codes of Conduct, is

an annexure to Corporate Governance Report.

22. NOMINATION REMUNERATION AND HR (NRC)

POLICY

Your Company has constituted a `Nomination Remuneration

and HR Committee (NRC)’ of the Board in terms of Section

178 of the Act, Regulation 19 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations

& Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Para 3(II)

of NHB Corporate Governance (National Housing Bank)

Directions, 2016. This Committee identifies persons who

are qualified to become Directors of the Company. The

appointment, renewal, reappointment, re-categorisation and/

or removal of the Directors so identified, including extension or

continuation of the term of appointment, will be recommended

by the NRC to the Board. This Committee has also laid down

the criteria to identify persons who may be appointed to the

senior management of the Company. The NRC has formulated

the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes

and independence of a Director, carrying out evaluation of

every Director’s performance, performance of the Board and

that of the Committees. The NRC Policy of the Company

covering all the above aspects is made available on the official

website of the Company at https://www.canfinhomes.com/

pdf/Nomination-Remuneration-and-HR-Policy-120419.pdf,

in terms of Section 134(3) of the Companies Act, 2013. The

Board ensures the annual evaluation of the performance

of the Board, its Committees and of its individual directors

through the meeting of independent directors, the NRC and

evaluation by each of the directors independently.

23. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)

POLICY

Your

Company

has

constituted

a

Corporate

Social

Responsibility (CSR) Committee of the Board as prescribed

under Section 135 of the Companies Act 2013 and has put the

CSR policy in place. The Company has focussed in promoting

education including special education, setting up hostels for

tribal children, Construction of class room blocks for schools,

Scholarships for under privileged, renovation of schools and

anganawadis, Sponsorship of child education. The Company

also focuses on healthcare by donating advanced medical

equipment’s to various hospitals. To promote eradicating

hunger, Company has contributed for mid-day meals at

schools through Akshaya Patra Foundation. The Company

has donated Relief materials to Cyclone and Flood affected

areas. To promote Environmental Sustainability, donation

of tree saplings, contribution towards “Cauvery Calling”, a

campaign to revitalize the southern Indian river Cauvery by

planting trees in the river basin was undertaken. Contribution

to Prime Minister’s Citizen Assistance and Relief in Emergency

Situations Fund (PM CARES), Karnataka State Disaster

Management Authority, CM Relief Fund, Karnataka during

COVID-19 pandemic, also forms part of its CSR activities.

As a well thought out strategy, all CSR projects of the Company

are executed through our own branches with a view to inculcate

a sense of social responsibility amongst the staff. The total

amount/ budget under CSR for the FY 2019-20 was Rs.1,321

Lakhs, (including previous years Rs.456 lakhs), out of which

total amount spent under the CSR activities is Rs.1004 lakhs.

The unspent amount of Rs.317 Lakhs is carried forward as per

provisions of Companies Act, 2013 with the aim to go in for

granular details/ appropriate projects before spending in FY 20-

21. A summary of CSR details as on 31/03/2020 is given below:

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

048:

Managing Director/Whole Time Director/General Manager

(Amount in Rupees)

Sl.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD/WTD/ Manager

Total

Amount

S.K.Hota

Managing

Director

Shri Girish

Kousgi

Managing

Director

Shri Shreekant M

Bhandiwad

Dy. Managing

Director

1

Gross Salary

4,71,019.35

57,22,219.00

17,86,842.64

79,80,080.99

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in Section

17(1) of the Income Tax Act, 1961

(b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) of the Income Tax

Act, 1961

--

--

--

--

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3) of

Income Tax Act,1961

--

--

--

--

2

Stock Option

--

--

--

--

3

Sweat Equity

--

--

--

--

4

Commission

-as% of profit

--

--

--

--

-others, Incentive

--

--

--

--

5

Others (Company’s contribution to PF)

25,500

--

93,638

1,19,138

Gratuity----

2,55,000

--

--

2,55,000

Leave Salary

4,38,441.46

--

--

4,38,441.46

Total (A)*

11,89,960.81

57,22,219.00

18,80,479.64

87,92,659.45

Ceiling as per the Act

37,61,23,477

--

(Amount in Rupees)

Sl.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of the Directors

Total

Amount

Independent Directors

Shri G

Naganathan

Smt

Bharati Rao

Dr. Yeluri

Vijayanand

Fee for attending board and committee meetings

5,55,000

5,85,000

4,95,000

16,35,000

Commission

--

--

--

--

Others, please specify

--

--

--

--

Total (1)

5,55,000

5,85,000

4,95,000

16,35,000

P.S.: Re-imbursement of salary to Canara Bank for the year ended March 31, 2020.

*excluding incentive pertaining to financial year 2018-19.

B.

Remuneration to other Directors

Other Non-Executive Directors

S Subramanian

Shri

Debashish

Mukherjee

--

Fee for attending board and committee

meetings

1,50,000

2,15,000

3,65,000

Commission

--

--

--

--

Others, please specify

--

--

--

--

Total (2)

1,50,000

2,15,000

3,65,000

Total (B)=(1+2)

20,00,000

Total Managerial Remuneration

--

--

--

20,00,000

Overall Ceiling as per the Act

--

--

--

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

058:

Managing Director, Whole-time Director and/or Manager

(Amount in Rupees)

Sl.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Key Managerial Personnel

Total

Shamila M

Atanu

Bagchi

Prashanth

Joishy

Veena G

Kamath

1

Gross Salary

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in

Section 17(1) of the Income Tax Act,

1961

1765892

448761

1494788

1451921

5161362

(b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) of the

Income Tax Act, 1961

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under section

17(3) of Income Tax Act, 1961

2

Stock Option

3

Sweat Equity

4

Commission

-as% of profit

-others, Incentive/LFC

60000

124995

50000

60000

294995

5

Others (Company’s contribution to PF)

192705

23384

191464

129557

537110

Leave Salary

540669

540669

Total (A)

2018597

1137809

1736252

1641478

6534136

Ceiling as per the Act

VIII. PENALTIES/PUNISHMENT/COMPOUNDING OF OFFENCES

There were no penalties/punishments/compounding of offences for the year ending March 31, 2020

Sd/-

Sd/-

Sd/-

Place: Bengaluru

Veena G Kamath

Girish Kousgi

Bharati Rao

Date: July 23, 2020

Company Secretary: Managing

letter of even date which is

annexed as “Annexure A” and forms an integral part of this report

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview

061

Financial Statements:

letter.

1.

Secretarial Audit was conducted using Information Technology tools and on a random test check basis which was necessitated in

view of the prevailing COVID-19 circumstances and in compliance of directions of the State Government and as per Para 3 of the ICSI

Guidance dated 4th May 2020.

2.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion

on these secretarial records based on our audit.

3.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in the secretarial

records. I believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

4.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of any of the financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company

including the records pertaining to Goods and Service Taxes, Income Tax, Customs and other related enactments applicable to the

Company.

5.

Wherever required, I have obtained Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening

of events etc.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For S. KEDARNATH & ASSOCIATES

Sd/-

S.Kedarnath

Place: Bengaluru

Company Secretary

Date: June 11, 2020

FCS No. 3031, CP No. 4422

UDIN No. F003031B000335761

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

062:

letter, debarment etc.

Observations/ remarks of the

Practicing Company Secretary, if any.

1.

None

(b) The listed entity has maintained proper records under the applicable provisions of the above Regulations and circulars/guidelines

issued there under in so far as it appears from my examination of those records.

(c) The following are the details of actions taken against the listed entity/ its promoters/ directors/ material subsidiaries either by SEBI

or by Stock Exchanges (including under the Standard Operating Procedures issued by SEBI through various circulars) under the

aforesaid Acts/Regulations and circulars/ guidelines issued there under:

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview

063

Financial Statements:

Managing Director & CEO, Member

Shri Shreekant M Bhandiwad – Dy.: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director/s paid to

Canara Bank

Sponsor Bank

On going

As per norms

0.31

Sitting Fees of Directors paid to Canara Bank

Sponsor Bank

On going

As per norms

0.04

Commission received

Sponsor Bank

One time

0.00

Rent received from Canara Bank

Sponsor Bank

On going

Flat at Pune given on Rent to Canara Bank

0.00

Registrar & Transfer Agency charges paid

to Canbank Computer Services Ltd

Subsidiary of

Sponsor Bank

3 years

As per the R&T agreement

0.13

Secured Redeemable Non Convertible

Taxable Debentures invested by Canara

Bank Employee Pension Fund

Pension Fund of

Sponsor Bank

One time

As per the terms and conditions of the

NCD issue.

10.00

Interest 0.76

Secured Redeemable Non Convertible

Taxable Debentures invested by Canara

Bank staff Provident Fund

Pension Fund of

Sponsor Bank

One time

As per the terms and conditions of the

NCD issue.

40.00

Interest 3.07

Secured Redeemable Non Convertible

Taxable Debentures invested by Canara

Bank Employee Provident Fund

Pension Fund of

Sponsor Bank

One time

As per the terms and conditions of the

NCD issue.

Interest 0.77

Secured Redeemable Non Convertible

Taxable Debentures invested by Canara

Bank Employee Gratuity Fund

Pension Fund of

Sponsor Bank

One time

As per the terms and conditions of the

NCD issue.

10.00

Interest 0.76

Commission Received from Canara HSBC

OBC Insurance Co. Ltd

Joint venture of

Sponsor Bank

One time

As per the terms and conditions

1.16

Secured Redeemable Non Convertible

Taxable Debentures invested by Canara

HSBC OBC Insurance Co. Ltd

Joint venture of

Sponsor Bank

One time

As per the terms and conditions of the

NCD issue.

5.00

Interest 0.39

Appropriate approvals have been taken for related party transactions u/s 188 of Companies Act, 2013 at the 32nd AGM of the Company

held on July 17, 2019 & approvals of Audit committee & Board of Directors as required under listing agreements/SEBI (LODR) regulations

2015 & Companies Act 2013. Advances paid have been adjusted against billings wherever applicable.

Sd/-

Sd/-

Sd/-

Place: Bengaluru

Prashanth Joishy

Girish Kousgi

Bharati Rao

Date: June 15, 2020

AGM & CFO: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

4.

Telephone no.

080-26568687

5.

E-Mail id

girish.kousgi@canfinhomes.com

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview

073

Financial Statements:

letter or by email addressed to the concerned

Branch Manager and later if redressal becomes pending

beyond 7 days escalate it to Registered Office.

Principle 5 – businesses should respect and promote human

rights.

1.

Does the policy of the company on human rights cover

only the Company or extend to the Group/Joint Venture/

Suppliers/Contractors/NGO

The Company conducts its business in a manner that respects

the rights and dignity of all the people, complying with all the

legal requirements. In conduct of its day to day business with

individuals, CFHL respects and adheres to all the human rights

laws framed under the Constitution of India. CFHL treats

every stakeholder with dignity and respect. All individuals or

institutions impacted by the Company’s business are provided

access to grievance redressal mechanisms.

2.

How many stake holders complaints have been received

in the past financial year and what percent was

satisfactorily resolved by the management?

For Stakeholder complaints, kindly refer Principle 1 under

Section E of this BR Report.

Principle 6 – Business should respect and protect and make

efforts to restore the environment.

1.

Does the policy related to Principle 6 cover only the

Company or extends to the Group/Joint-ventures/

Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs/Others?

The Company follows electronic mode of communication with

all Stake Holders to promote green environment and avoid

usage of paper. CFHL complies with all legal and regulatory

requirements in respect of environment protection. Besides

running 16 of its branches on solar power, CFHL, as a part of

its CSR activities, extended financial support for installation

of solar plants, funded tree saplings along with guards to

borrowers under environmental sustainability.

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

078:

letter and spirit it’s support to inclusive

growth and equitable development in our Country. Guided by

its objective the Company strives to promote home ownership

and increasing housing stock in the Country across all segments

of the Society more so particularly the Low income group and

Middle income group families. CFHL takes pride in recording that

the Company is first to respond to PMAY Schemes by opening

21 Affordable Housing Loan Centers across the Country to

cater to CLSS Schemes of funding EWS/LIG/MIG. These Centers

are apart from 179 Branches/Satellite Office spread across 21

States in the Country to cater to vast population to helping

them to have a home of their own. These include many non-

metro branches catering to housing needs in Tier 2 and Tier

3 Cities which enable lending to peripheral developing semi

urban and rural areas. In this way, CFHL is actively participating

in inclusive growth and equitable development.

Besides these efforts, through CSR activities CFHL has

chosen to help Government institutions, NGOs, Charitable

Institutions which are helping poor, handicapped, needy and

marginalized sections of the society to have better dwelling

units, education, hygiene, water and power connections and

medical facilities. During the year CFHL helped 13 number of

Govt Schools to improve their infrastructure besides helping

Charitable Hospitals to procure Medical Equipment and

distributed School Bags and Accessories to poor children.

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview

079

Financial Statements:

Managing Director & CEO

Chairperson

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

080:

Managing Director and CEO of the Company w.e.f September 05, 2019.

- Shri S Subramanian has laid down his Office on attainment of superannuation on May 31, 2020 (Intimation received on June 04, 2020).

- Shri Satish Kumar Kalra has been appointed as an Additional Director on June 15, 2020.

- Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse has been appointed as an Additional Director on June 15, 2020.

- Shri Lingam Venkata Prabhakar has been appointed as an Additional Director on July 30, 2020.

The Chairperson of the Board Smt Bharati Rao is an Independent

Non-Executive Chairperson. Shri Girish Kousgi is the Managing

Director (Executive Director) and CEO of the Company since

September 05, 2019. Shri Shreekant M Bhandiwad is the Dy.: Managing

Managing Director of SBI and she had held concurrent charge of SBI’s 7 Associate

Banks and 7 Non-Banking Subsidiaries.

Shri Debashish

Mukherjee

Shri Mukherjee is a post graduate in Business Administration (MBA - Finance) from the University of Kolkata.

He started his career with Punjab National Bank as a Financial Analyst. He joined United Bank of India as an

Asst. General Manager (Credit) in the year 2006. He worked in various capacities at Regional Offices, headed

Corporate Finance Branch at Kolkata and was Regional Manager of Bihar Region. He has vast experience in

Corporate Credit, Credit Monitoring and Recovery. He is an avid reader and has travelled extensively.

Shri Debashish Mukherjee has taken charge as Executive Director of Canara Bank on February 19, 2018. He

is overseeing the functions of Risk Management (including Capital planning), Financial Management and

subsidiaries, MSME, Credit Administration & Monitoring, stressed Assets Management and Recovery, Inspection,

Treasury, International Operations & Corporate Customer Relations.

Shri G Naganathan

Shri G Naganathan is a rank holder in Chartered Accountancy and Cost Accountancy. He has completed the

Diploma in Information Systems Audit, Courses in Certified Information Systems Auditor and also Valuation

Certificate.

Presently, he is the Managing Partner in M/s. MSKC & Associates, Chartered Accountants (Formerly M/s R K

Kumar & Co.). He has put in a practice of 36 years in M/s. MSKC & Associates, Chartered Accountants (Formerly

M/s R K Kumar & Co.). His areas of practice and expertise include statutory and related attestation services,

consultancy in direct taxes and FEMA and management advisory services.

Shri G Naganathan is involved in the audit of banking and Insurance companies, representation before various

adjudicating authorities for the last three decades. He also has been involved in monitoring of large sick

companies on behalf of consortium of banks.

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

084:

Managing Director on August 31, 2007 after serving for

more than 37 years. As DMD and Group Executive of Associates and Subsidiaries, he was the nominee director

of SBI in all Associate Banks, and non-banking subsidiaries, as also in ARCIL, Thomas Cook India, and CIBIL.

The other prominent positions held by him were: Managing Director of State Bank of Mysore, President and COO

of SBICAP, Chief General Manager, Corporate Accounts Group, General Manager (Commercial), Chennai and

Vice President, SBI New York.

He is a visiting faculty at State Bank Staff College and Academy, JNIDB, Institute of Public Enterprise, NALSAR

- IIRM, BITS Pilani - Hyderabad Campus, Osmania University, Bangalore University and University of Mysore.

He was awarded a PHD in Economics by the University of Mysore in 2011 for his thesis on ‘Impact of Banking

Regulations on Indian Commercial Banks: A study of current and emerging issues’. He also contributed articles

to academic and professional journals, and took part in several conferences and seminars.

Shri S Subramanian

Shri S Subramanian is a graduate in Science (B.Sc.), a Diploma holder in Company Law and a Certified Associate

of Indian Institute of Bankers (CAIIB).

Shri S Subramanian has more than 37 years of commercial banking experience. During his service in the Bank he

has handled various duties at various branches. He has worked in the Credit Administration & Monitoring Wing

(Head Office Bengaluru), Chandigarh Circle Office, Prime Corporate Branch, Bengaluru, Coimbatore Circle Office

(Core Credit Group), Perundurai SME Branch, Overseas Business cell (Madurai Circle Office), Kolkata Overseas

branch, and various other places.

Shri Satish Kumar

Kalra

Shri Satish Kumar Kalra is a Post Graduate in Science (M.Sc.), a CAIIB and PGDM in Finance.

Shri Satish Kumar Kalra has been a Member on Advisory Board for Banking and Financial Frauds since March

2020. He has served as the Managing Director & CEO (Additional-charge) in Andhra Bank for 6 months (he

was the Whole Time Director/Executive Director in Andhra Bank from October 2012 to August 2017). He was

General Manager (Treasury) in Allahabad Bank.

Shri Satish Kumar Kalra has provided strategic guidance to the Bank in Key areas of NPA, Credit, International

Banking Treasury Management, HR, etc. He has a vide experience in the areas of Treasury Management, Risk

management, Corporate Planning, Inspection & Audit, Merchant Banking, Board Secretariat, Credit Monitoring

& Review, Recovery Management and Legal, Retail & MSME lending. He has an experience of about 38 years in

the banking industry.

He has attended CAFRAL Training Programme at USA Washington and New York. Also attended SIBOS Program

at Dubai and training for EDs at Kozhikode.

Smt Shubha Lakshmi

Panse

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse, is a Post Graduate in Science (M.Sc.), Diploma in Business Management (DBM),

Masters in Management Sciences with Specialization in Financial Management (MMS), Masters in Business

Administration with specialization in Bank Management (USA) and CAIIB.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse has been a Member of External Advisory Committee set up by RBI for vetting the

applications received for setting up Payment Banks. She was a member of P J Nayak Committee set up by the

Government of India for Corporate Governance in PSBs. She was also a member of Appointments Committee

for selection of CMDs & EDs of public sector banks.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse was appointed as Chairperson & Managing Director, Allahabad Bank from October

01, 2012 to January 01, 2014. (Prior to that she was an Executive Director of Vijaya Bank from November 20,

2009 to September 30, 2012). She was also the

Managing Director’s Secretariat of the Bank.

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

086:

Managing Director & CEO

1

Nil

Shri Debashish Mukherjee

2

Can Fin Homes Limited

Non-Executive & Promoter

Nil

Nil

Canara Bank

Executive Director

2

1

Shri G Naganathan, FCA

1

Can Fin Homes Limited

Non- Executive Independent

2

1

Shri Shreekant M

Bhandiwad*

1

Can Fin Homes Limited

Dy.: Managing

Managing Director*

2/2

NA

NA

Shri G Naganathan, FCA

7/7

2,10,000

Attended

Shri Shreekant M Bhandiwad, DMD

7/7

NA

Attended

Dr Yeluri Vijayanand

7/7

2,10,000

Attended

Shri S Subramanian

3/7

90,000#

Attended

Shri Debashish Mukherjee

5/7

1,50,000#

Attended

Shri Satish Kumar Kalra$

NA

NA

NA

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse$

NA

NA

NA

Shri Lingam Venkata Prabhakar&

NA

NA

NA

NA – Not Applicable @ Appointed w.e.f September 05, 2019. * Resigned w.e.f June 27, 2019. # Sitting fees paid to Canara Bank.

$ Appointed w.e.f. June 15, 2020. & Appointed w.e.f. July 30, 2020.

Leave of absence was granted to the Directors as requested.

(vii) Board and Directors Evaluation and Criteria for

Evaluation

During the year, the Board carried out an annual evaluation of its

own performance and the performance of individual Directors as

well as evaluation of Committees of the Board. Your Company has

framed the evaluation formats considering the ‘Guidance Note on

Board Evaluation’ prescribed by SEBI.

The Nomination, Remuneration and HR Committee (NRC) has

defined the evaluation criteria, procedure and time schedule for

the Performance Evaluation process for the Board, its Committees

and Directors. The criteria for Board Evaluation include inter-

alia, structure of the Board, qualifications, experience and

competence of Directors, diversity in Board and process of

appointment; meetings of the Board, including regularity and

frequency, agenda, discussion and dissent, recording of minutes

and dissemination of information; functions of the Board, including

strategy and performance evaluation, corporate culture and

values, governance and compliance, evaluation of risks, grievance

redressal of investors, stakeholder value and responsibility,

conflict of interest, review of Board evaluation and facilitating

Independent Directors to perform their role effectively; evaluation

of management’s performance and feedback, independence of

management from the Board, access of Board and management to

each other, succession plan and professional development; degree

of fulfilment of key responsibilities, establishment and delineation

of responsibilities to Committees, effectiveness of Board processes,

information and functioning and quality of relationship between

the Board and Management.

Criteria for evaluation of individual Directors include aspects such as

professional qualifications, prior experience, especially experience

relevant to the Company, sufficient knowledge, skills and

competency, fulfilment of functions, ability to function as a team,

initiative, availability and attendance, commitment, contribution,

integrity (including conflict of interest disclosures, maintenance

of confidentiality, etc.), independence, guidance and support to

management. In addition, the Chairperson is also evaluated on

key aspects of his/her role, including effectiveness of leadership,

professionalism and ability to steer meetings, impartiality, ability

to keep shareholders’ interests in mind and effectiveness as

Chairperson.

Criteria for evaluation of the Committees of the Board include

mandate of the Committee, structure and composition; effectiveness

of the Committee; regularity and frequency of meetings, agenda,

discussion and dissent, recording of minutes and dissemination

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

088:

Managing Director & Dy.: Managing

Managing Director &

CEO of the Company is placed as Annexure-1 to this Report.

In terms of the Code of Conduct of Independent Directors as per

Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board has adopted

the said Code and all the Independent Directors have affirmed

that they shall abide by the said Code. The Code of Conduct of

Board of Directors, Independent Directors and Senior Management

Personnel are made available in the Company’s official website.

In terms of the HFCs Corporate Governance (NHB) Directions,

2016, all the Directors have executed the Declarations-cum-

undertakings as well as the Deed of Covenants with the Company.

3. Committees of the Board

The Board has constituted seven Committees as of date viz.

Audit Committee, Nomination Remuneration & HR Committee,

Stakeholders’

Relationship

Committee,

Corporate

Social

Responsibility

Committee,

Risk

Management

Committee,

Management Committee and IT Strategy Committee. In order to

have a more focused attention, the Board has delegated certain

matters to the committees constituted by the Board with an

outlined role, responsibility and with appropriate authority. The

minutes of the meetings of all the committees are placed before

the subsequent meeting of the Board for information.

(i) Audit Committee (AC)

The Audit Committee has been constituted by the Board in

compliance with the requirements of Section 177 of the Act and

Regulation 18 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations. The qualified and

independent Audit Committee of the Board has been exercising

its powers and responsibilities judiciously. The Committee had

four experienced and learned members of which three members

including the Chairperson of the Committee, are Independent

Directors. One of the members (non-executive promoter director),

who was the Chief General Manager of Canara Bank has resigned

consequent to attaining superannuation on May 31, 2020.

(a) Brief description of terms of reference

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee inter-alia include:

Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process and the

disclosure of its financial information to ensure that the financial

statements are correct, sufficient and credible; recommendation

for appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of

auditors of the Company; recommendations for fixation of fee

to statutory auditors for their services; reviews, with the

management, the quarterly and annual financial statements

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

090:

Managing Director and Dy.: Managing

Managing Director - Shri S K Hota till (June 27, 2019): The

remuneration package for FY20 included; Salary H 4,71,019/-;

Provident Fund - H 25,500/- and Gratuity - H 2,55,000/- and

Leave Salary - H 4,38,441/-: Managing

Managing Director)*

1/1

NA

Shri Girish Kousgi, Member (: Managing

Managing Director. Necessary measures have been put in place by

the board to safeguard the independence of the CRO. The CRO

will meet the members of the Risk management Committee/ Board

at least once in a quarter in accordance with the norms set out

by NHB. Further, the CRO has vetted the credit products (retail

and wholesale) offered by the Company from the perspective of

inherent and control risks.

The CRO did not have any reporting relationship with business

verticals of the Company or business targets.

The particulars of members of the Committee, number of meetings attended/held during the tenure of a particular director, attendance of

the members at the meetings and the sitting fee paid are mentioned hereunder:

Members

Number of meetings attended/held

during the tenure of the member

Sitting Fees

Paid (J)

Shri Debashish Mukherjee, Chairperson (Non-Executive Promoter)#

1/1

20,000

Smt Bharati Rao, Member (Non-Executive Independent)

1/1

15,000

Shri Shreekant M Bhandiwad, Member(Dy.: Managing

Managing Director) & CEO

1/1

NA

Shri Shreekant M Bhandiwad, Member (Dy.: Managing

Managing Director provides brief

information on quarterly/annual results and corporate actions

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview

097

Financial Statements:

Managing Director, Deputy Managing

Director and the Chief Financial Officer generally interact with

the analysts/investors and provide clarifications on the issues

covered in the presentation, which is made available on the

Company’s official website within the permissible disclosure

norms. The: Managing

letter NHB(ND)/ DRS/SUP/9349/2017 dated September

19, 2017 has imposed an aggregate penalty of H 28,62,708/-

under the Provisions of Section 29 of the National Housing

Bank Act, 1987 and the same was paid.

(ii) During 2018-19, NHB vide its: letter NHB(ND)/DRS/ APPEAL-

1/17/A-744/2019 dated January 17, 2019 has imposed

a penalty of H 5,900 (inclusive of GST@18%) for alleged

contravention of section 32 of the NHB Act, 1987 and the

Fair Practice Code issued by NHB, for which the Company had

sent a reply and remitted the amount under protest.

(iii) During 2019-20, no penalties or strictures have been imposed

on the Company by regulators or any stock exchange, SEBI

or any other statutory authority on any matter relating to the

capital markets.

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview

099

Financial Statements

Managing Director and CEO of the Company has given a

declaration that the members of the Board of Directors and Senior

Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code

of conduct of Board of Directors and Senior Management during

the FY20. The said declaration has been placed as an Annexure 1

to this Report.

9. CEO and CFO Certification

In terms of Regulation 17(8) and Part B of Schedule II of SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure requirements) Regulation,

2015, a certificate from the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the

Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the Company confirming, amongst

other aspects, the correctness of the financial statements,

adequacy of internal control measures and matters to be

reported to the Audit Committee, were taken on record at the

Board meeting held on June 15, 2020 convened for approval of

the audited financial results of the Company for the year under

review. The said certification has been placed as an Annexure 2 to

this report.

10. Disclosures with respect to demat suspense

account/ unclaimed suspense account

The details of shares in the demat suspense account or unclaimed

suspense account, as applicable are given below:

(a) Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding

shares in the suspense account lying at the beginning of

the year: 2275 shares of shares of H 2/- each pertaining to

7 number of shareholders;

(b) Number of shareholders who approached listed entity for

transfer of shares from suspense account during the year; Nil;

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview

101

Financial Statements:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of Can Fin Homes Ltd., hereby declare that all the members of the Board

and Senior Management Personnel of the Company have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct of Board of Directors and Senior

Management for the financial year ended March 31, 2020.

Sd/-

Place: Bengaluru

Girish Kousgi

Date: May 28, 2020: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview

105

Financial Statements:

letter duly signed by all the shareholders. This will

facilitate safekeeping and save cost at the time of dematerialisation.

The above would be subject to verification of the signature(s) of

the concerned shareholders.

COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Smt. Veena G Kamath

AGM & Company Secretary

Can Fin Homes Ltd.,

Sir M N Krishna Rao Road, Basavanagudi, Bengaluru 560004.

Phone:080-26564259, Fax:080-26565746

Email: investor.relationship@canfinhomes.com,

compsec@canfinhomes.com

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

112:

Managing Director (till 27/06/2019)

2. Shri Girish Kousgi: Managing

Managing Director (till

26/06/2019) and Whole Time Director

30.69

45.19

Other Payments for the year

-

5.38

Current A/c Balances

175.51

168.90

Canbank Computer Services Ltd

Registrar & Transfer Agency charges for the year

12.68

13.88

Canara Bank- ( Employee Pension

Fund,Provident Fund & Gratuity Fund)

Borrowings by way of SRNCD

6,000.00

6,000.00

Interest paid on SRNCD

459.10

535.70

Canara Robeco Asset Management

Company Ltd.

Interest paid on SRNCD

21.58

-

Canara HSBC OBC Insurance Co. Ltd

Borrowings by way of SRNCD

500.00

-

Interest paid on SRNCD

39.45

-

Commission earned for the year

116.08

79.68

Total

3,08,904.41

4,03,223.12

(H in lakhs)

Name of Related Party

Nature of

Balances

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2019

Canara Bank

Term Loan and

Credit Facilities

2,76,630.05

3,32,751.97

B.

Transactions with the above Related Party during the year

C.

Balances Payable to Related Parties are as follows

Notes forming part of Financial Statements

for the period ended March 31, 2020

Financial Statements

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview

169:

Managing Director/whole-timeDirector.

6.3. Requirement related to declaration and payment of

Dividend under SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015: As our

company’s securities are listed on BSE and NSE, an intimation

of at least 2 working days (excluding the date of the intimation

and date of the meeting of the Board) is required to be given to

aforesaid stock exchange(s) in terms of Regulations 29(1) and

(2) of SEBI LODR, prior to the meeting of the Board at which

the recommendation of final dividend is to be considered. In

terms of Regulation 30, the outcome of the meeting shall be

intimated, online, immediately to the above Stock Exchanges

within 30 minutes of the closure of the boardmeeting.

In terms of Regulation 43(1) of the SEBI LODR, the Company

shall declare and disclose the dividend on per share basis only.

In terms of Regulation 42(3) of the SEBI LODR, the Company

shall recommend or declare all dividend at least five working

days (excluding the date of intimation and the record date)

before the record date fixed for the purpose.

6.4. Dividend to be paid to Registered Shareholders: In terms

of Section 123(5) of the Companies Act, no dividend shall be

paid by a company in respect of any share therein except to

the registered shareholder of such share or to his order or to

his banker and shall not be payable except in cash. Provided

that nothing in this sub-section shall be deemed to prohibit

the capitalization of profits or reserves of a company for the

purpose of issuing fully paid-up bonus shares or paying up any

amount for the time being unpaid on any shares held by the

members of thecompany.

6.5. Mode of payment of dividend: Any dividend payable in cash

shall be paid by using any of the electronic mode of payment

facility approved by the Reserve Bank of India. Provided that

where it is not possible to use electronic mode of payment,

‘payable-at-par’ warrants or cheques may be issued and the

dividend amount exceeds Rs.1500/-, the ‘payable-at-par’

warrants or cheques shall be sent by speedpost.

For the above purpose, the Company, through its Registrar &

Share Transfer Agent (RTA) shall maintain bank details of their

investors [(a) for investors holding securities in dematerialized

mode, by seeking the same from the depositories. (b) for

investors holding securities in physical mode, by updating

bank details of the investors at their end]. The Company/

RTA shall mandatorily print the bank account details of the

investors on such payment instruments and in cases where

the bank details of investors are not available, the listed entity

shall mandatorily print the address of the investor on such

payment instructions.

6.6. Payment of Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT)/ Tax

deductible at source on dividend): Dividend distribution

tax/ TDS on dividend will be paid as per the applicable laws, as

amended from time to time.

6.7. Prohibition on declaration and payment of dividend: A

company which fails to comply with the provisions of sections

73 (Prohibition on acceptance of deposits from public) and

Section 74 (Repayment of deposits, etc., accepted before

commencement of this Act) of the Companies Act, 2013 shall

not, so long as such failure/default continues, declare any

dividend on its equity shares in terms of Section123(6).

6.8. Right of dividend to be held in abeyance pending registration

of transfer shares shall be governed in terms of section 126(a)

as amended from time totime.

6.9. Determine record date / book closure: The Company shall

determine the date of closure of the register of members

and the share transfer register of the company as per

requirements of Section 91 of the Companies Act, 2013 read

with Regulation 42 of the SEBI LODR. The Company shall give

notice in advance of atleast seven working days (excluding the

date of intimation and the record date) to stock exchange(s)

of record date specifying the purpose of the record date.

The date of commencement of closure of the transfer books

should not be on a day following a holiday. The dates so fixed

should also not clash with the clearance programme in the

stock exchanges.

6.10. Publishing of Book Closure Notice: The Company shall give

atleast a 7 days prior notice by advertisement, stating the

dates of closure of its transfer books/record date, at least

once in a vernacular newspaper in the vernacular language

having a vide circulation in the district in which the registered

office of the company is situated and at least once in English

language in an English newspaper circulating in the district

and has wide circulation in the place where the registered

office is located and publish the Notice on the website of the

Company in terms of Rule 10 of the Companies (Management

and Administration) Rules, 2014.

6.11. Time gap between two book closures: The time gap

between two book closure and record date would be at least

30 days in terms of Regulation 42(4) of SEBILODR.

6.12. Initial validity of the Dividend warrant should be for

three months: A cheque or warrant for payment of Dividend

should be valid for three months from the date thereof and,

where such cheque or warrant remains unpaid after this initial

period of validity, it should be revalidated for not more than

three months or a fresh instrument should be issued which

should have a validity of threemonths.

6.13. Revalidation within what period: The Company should

revalidate the Dividend warrant or issue a fresh Dividend

191

Dividend Distribution Policy:

Managing Director & CEO

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without

modification(s), the following resolution(s), as an Ordinary

Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT Shri Girish Kousgi (DIN-08524205), be and is

hereby appointed as a Director of the Company.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of sections

152, 196, 197, 203 and all other applicable provisions, if any,

of the Companies Act, 2013, the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial personnel) Rules, 2014 and any

other Rules thereunder read with Schedule V of the said Act,

SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, including any amendment(s), modification(s), variation(s)

or re-enactment(s) thereof, and the related articles of the Articles

of Association of the Company, as amended from time to time,

approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded

for the appointment of Shri Girish Kousgi (DIN-08524205) as the: Managing

letter, offer document, offering circular, placement

document or otherwise, in such manner and on such terms and

conditions including at such price or prices (including floor price),

at a discount or premium to market price or prices (as permitted

under the applicable laws), etc., as may be deemed appropriate

by the Board in its absolute discretion, including the discretion to

determine the QIBs to whom to offer, issue and allotment shall be

made to the exclusion of other QIBs at the time of such creation,

offer, issue and allotment, all subject to applicable laws, considering

the then prevailing market conditions and other relevant factors

and wherever necessary in consultation with the lead manager(s)

and/or underwriter(s) and/or other advisor(s) for such issue. The

number and/or price of Securities shall be appropriately adjusted

for future corporate actions such as bonus issue, rights issue, stock

split, merger, demerger, transfer of undertaking, sale of division or

any such capital or corporate restructuring.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the allotment of Securities, in case of QIP

pursuant to Chapter VI of ICDR Regulations, shall be made only to

the QIBs within the meaning prescribed under the said regulations

and to be completed within 365 days from the date of passing of

this Resolution or such other time as may be permitted under the

ICDR Regulations from time to time, at such price being not less

than the price determined in accordance with the pricing formula

provided under Chapter V and/or VI of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, as

applicable and as may be amended from time to time, provided that

the Board may, in accordance with applicable laws, offer a discount

of not more than 5% (five percent) or such percentage as permitted

under the applicable laws, with such lock-in requirements and

on such price determined in accordance with the pricing formula

provided under Chapter V and/or VI of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, as

applicable, as may be amended from time to time.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the “Relevant Date” for the purpose of

pricing of the Equity Shares to be issued as per the above resolution,

shall be the date of the meeting in which the Board decides to

open the proposed issue of such shares or such other dates as may

be prescribed, subject to any relevant provisions of applicable laws,

rules, regulations, etc. as amended, from time to time.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Equity Shares so issued by the

Company as per the above resolutions shall be subject to the

provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the

Company and shall rank pari-passu with the existing Equity Shares

of the Company in all respects.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Equity Shares so issued by the

Company as per the above resolutions shall be listed on the Stock

Exchanges, where the existing Equity Shares of the Company are

listed.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the

above resolutions, the Board or a Committee thereof be and is

hereby authorized on behalf of the Company to do all such acts,

deeds, matters and things including but not limited to finalization

and approval of the preliminary as well as final placement

document(s), determining the type, form and manner of the

issue, number of securities to be allotted, issue price, face value,

discounts permitted under the applicable law (now or hereafter),

premium amount on issue/conversion of the securities, if any, rate

of interest, execution of various agreements, deeds, instruments

and other documents, including the private placement offer: letter,

creation of mortgage/charge in accordance with the provisions of

the Act in respect of any Securities as may be required either on

pari passu basis or otherwise, as it may in its absolute discretion

deem fit, necessary, proper or desirable, and to give instructions or

directions or clarifications and to settle all questions, difficulties or

doubts that may arise in regard to the issue, offer or allotment of

securities and utilization of the issue proceeds and to accept and to

give effect to such modifications, changes, variations, alterations,

deletions, additions as regards the terms and conditions as may

be required by SEBI, ROC or such other statutory & regulatory

authorities, merchant bankers, lead managers, legal advisors,

depository, custodian, registrar, stabilizing agent, scrutinizer,

trustee, escrow agent or such other agents/agencies involved

in or concerned with the issue of Securities and as the Board or

Committee thereof may in its absolute discretion deem fit and

proper in the best interest of the Company without being required

to seek any further consent, authority or approval of the Members

or otherwise, and that all or any of the powers conferred on

the Company and the Board pursuant to these Resolutions may

be exercised by the Board or Committee thereof the Board has

constituted or may constitute in this behalf, to the intent that the

members shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto

expressly by the authority of these Resolutions, and all actions

taken by the Board or any Committee constituted by the Board

to exercise its powers, in connection with any matter(s) referred

to or contemplated in any of the foregoing resolutions be and are

hereby approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects.

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

04

letter

etc., authorising their representative to attend the

AGM through VC and vote on their behalf. The

said Resolution/Authorization shall be sent to the

Scrutinizer by email through its registered email

address to canfinscrutinizer@gmail.com with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login

to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five

unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password.

In such an event, you will need to go through the

“Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User

Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.

nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at

the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or

call on toll free no.: 1800-222-990 or contact Sarita

Mote, Assistant Manager at 91 22 24994890; or

send a request to SaritaM@nsdl.co.in or evoting@

nsdl.co.in

4.

The remote e-voting period commences on

Saturday, August 22, 2020 (9:00 a.m. IST) and

ends on Tuesday, August 25, 2020 (5:00 p.m. IST).

During this period, members holding shares either in

physical or dematerialized form, as on cut-off date

i.e. as on August 19, 2020, may cast their votes

electronically. The e-voting module will be disabled

by NSDL for voting thereafter. A member will not be

allowed to vote again on any resolution on which

vote has already been cast. The voting rights of

members shall be proportionate to their share of the

paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on

the cut-off date, i.e. as on August 19, 2020.

5.

Any person who acquires shares of the Company

and becomes a Member of the Company after

sending of the Notice of the AGM and holding

shares as of the cut-off date, may obtain the login ID

and password by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.

co.in. However, if he / she is already registered with

NSDL for remote e-voting then he / she can use his

/ her existing user ID and password for casting the

vote.

“Process for shareholders whose email IDs are not

registered”

For registration of E-mail IDs for procuring user id and

password for e-voting on the resolutions set out in the

notice of the AGM, please follow the process given below:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please

provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned

copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN

(self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR

09

Notice:

Managing Director and KMP

of the Company), Dy. General Manager, Canara Bank and Shri

Lingam Venkata Prabhakar, MD and CEO of Canara Bank, and no

other key managerial personnel or the relatives of the directors or

key managerial personnel, is in any way concerned or interested,

financially or otherwise, in the said resolution.

Names of listed entities (other than Can Fin Homes Ltd.) in which

the director holds directorship and the membership of Committees

of the Board: Shri Debashish Mukherjee, Director, is an Executive

Director in Canara Bank, a listed entity. He is the Chairperson

of Risk Management Committee and a member of Nomination

Remuneration & HR Committee of the Board of your Company.

No. of meetings of the Board attended during the year: Shri

Mukherjee attended 5 meetings during the year out of 7 meetings

held. For the remaining meetings leave of absence was granted.

Shareholding in the Company: Shri Debashish Mukherjee, Director,

is not holding any shares in the Company (both own and held

by/for other persons on a beneficial basis). He has not availed

any loan from the Company. He is not disqualified from being

appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.

The requisite Form DIR-8 is received from him, in terms of the

Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules,

2014, confirming his eligibility.

Key terms and conditions of re-appointment: Shri Debashish

Mukherjee would be re-appointed as a director, liable to retire by

rotation, at the 33rd Annual General Meeting of the Company

scheduled to be held on August 26, 2020. He is eligible for sitting

fee of H30,000/- for attending a meeting of the Board and H20,000/-

for Chairing the Meeting of Risk Management Committee and

H15,000/- for attending the meeting of Nomination Remuneration

& HR Committee as a member. The sitting fee payable to Shri

Debashish Mukherjee is liable to be paid to Canara Bank. He is also

eligible to receive re-imbursement of expenses incurred towards

travel, hotel and other incidental expenses incurred by the director

in the performance of their role and duties.

The Nomination Remuneration & HR Committee at its meeting held

on June 15, 2020 has determined that Shri Debashish Mukherjee

continues to be a fit and proper candidate for re-appointment

and his performance has been evaluated by the Independent

Directors for the year ended March 31, 2020. Your directors are

of the opinion that Shri Debashish Mukherjee fulfils the conditions

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

12:

Managing Director & CEO

The Board of Directors of your Company, considering the profile

and experience of Shri Girish Kousgi and recommendations of

the Nomination Remuneration and HR Committee, has appointed

Shri Girish Kousgi (DIN-08524205) as an Additional Director and

then as the: Managing

Managing Director, unless specifically provided otherwise.

3.

Remuneration: The: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

of the Company and his appointment as the: Managing

letter of appointment of Shri Satish Kumar Kalra as an

independent director setting out the terms and conditions are

available on the website of the Company. Consents, declarations

etc., referred above would be available for inspection by the

members as mentioned in the notes to this Notice.

In terms of Sec.149, 150 and 152 of the Companies Act, 2013

and other applicable provisions of the said Act and rules made

thereunder, Shri Satish Kumar Kalra, being eligible, is proposed to

be appointed as an Independent Director from this Annual General

Meeting until the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of

the Company of the year 2023. The Board of Directors therefore,

recommend the passing of the resolution proposed at Agenda

No.5 of the Notice.

In terms of Sec.161 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Additional

Director appointed by the Board holds office upto the date of

the ensuing AGM and he shall be appointed as a Director by the

members at the AGM. Hence, this agenda item is considered

unavoidable and forms part of this Notice, in terms of the Circular

No.20/2020 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.

In

respect

of

Agenda

No.6

-

Appointment

of

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse as an Independent Director

The Board of Directors of the Company has appointed

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse (DIN-2599310), on the Board of

the Company with effect from June 15, 2020 as an additional

director and as Independent Director pursuant to Section 161

and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013,

on the recommendations of the Nomination Remuneration

and HR Committee constituted under Section 178(1) of the

said Act. In terms of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013,

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse holds office only up to the date of the

ensuing Annual General Meeting.

In terms of Section 160 and all other applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013, your Company has received a notice in

writing from a member signifying their intention to propose the

appointment of Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse as an Independent

Director of the Company at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse is willing to act as an Independent

Director of the Company, if so appointed and has filed with the

Company his consent in writing in Form DIR-2 pursuant to Section

152 of the said Act.

Brief resume and nature of expertise in specific functional areas &

experience:

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse aged about 65 years, is a Masters

Degree holder in Science (M.Sc.), Diploma in Business Management

(DBM), Masters in Management Sciences with Specialization in

Financial Management (MMS), Masters in Business Administration

with specialization in Bank Management (USA) and CAIIB.

Nature of expertise in specific functional areas and experience:

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse has been a Member of External Advisory

Committee set up by RBI for vetting the applications received

for setting up Payment Banks. She was a member of P J Nayak

Committee set up by the Government of India for Corporate

Governance in PSBs. She was also a member of Appointments

Committee for selection of CMDs & EDs of public sector banks.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse was appointed as Chairman &: Managing Director, Allahabad Bank from October 01, 2012 to

January 31, 2014. (Prior to that she was an Executive Director of

Vijaya Bank from November 20, 2009 to September 30, 2012).

She was also the

letter of appointment of Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse as

an independent director setting out the terms and conditions are

available on the website of the Company. Consents, declarations

etc., referred above would be available for inspection by the

members as mentioned in the notes to this Notice.

In terms of Sec.149, 150 and 152 of the Companies Act, 2013

and other applicable provisions of the said Act and rules made

thereunder, Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse, being eligible, is proposed

to be appointed as an Independent Director from this Annual

General Meeting until the conclusion of the Annual General

Meeting of the Company of the year 2023. The Board of Directors

therefore, recommend the passing of the resolution proposed at

Agenda No.6 of the Notice.

In terms of Sec.161 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Additional

Director appointed by the Board holds office upto the date of

the ensuing AGM and she shall be appointed as a Director by

the members at the AGM. Hence, this agenda item is considered

unavoidable and forms part of this Notice, in terms of the Circular

No.20/2020 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.

In respect of Agenda No.7 - Appointment of Shri Lingam

Venkata Prabhakar as a Director

The

Board

of

Directors

of

the

Company,

appointed

Shri Lingam Venkata Prabhakar (DIN – 08110715) as an Additional

Director of the Company with effect from July 30, 2020 on the

recommendations of Nomination, Remuneration & HR Committee,

in terms of the Articles of Association of the Company and Section

152 and 161 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the

Companies Act, 2013 and related rules. In terms of Section 161

of the Companies Act, 2013, Shri Lingam Venkata Prabhakar holds

office only up to the date of the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

Your Company has received a notice in writing from a member,

under Section 160 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of

the Companies Act, 2013 signifying their intention to propose the

appointment of Shri Lingam Venkata Prabhakar, as a director of

the Company at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. Shri Lingam

Venkata Prabhakar is willing to act as a Director of the Company, if

so appointed and has filed with the Company his consent pursuant

to Section 152 of the said Act.

Brief resume and nature of expertise in specific functional areas

& experience: Shri Lingam Venkata Prabhakar, aged 57 years,

Non-Executive Promoter Director, holds a Master’s Degree in Agriculture

and a Certified Associate of Indian Institute of Bankers (CAIIB).

Shri L V Prabhakar has assumed the office of MD & CEO of

Canara Bank on February 01, 2020. He has worked as Executive

Director of Punjab National Bank from March 01, 2018 to January

17

Notice:

Managing Director & KMP of the Company, (Dy. General Manager

of the Bank), and no other key managerial personnel or the

relatives of the directors or key managerial personnel, is in any

way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said

resolution.

Names of listed entities (other than Can Fin Homes Ltd.) in which

the director holds directorship and the membership of Committees

of the Board: Shri L V Prabhakar, Director, is the MD and CEO of

Canara Bank, a listed entity. He is not a member of any Committees

of the Board of the Company.

No. of meetings of the Board attended during the year:

Shri L V Prabhakar has been appointed as a director in the current

financial year i.e., on July 30, 2020. No meeting was held after his

appointment till the date of this notice.

Shareholding in the Company: Shri L V Prabhakar, Director, is not

holding any shares in the Company (both own and held by/for other

persons on a beneficial basis). He has not availed any loan from the

Company. He is not disqualified from being appointed as a director

in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act. The requisite Form DIR-8 is

received from him, in terms of the Companies (Appointment and

Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, confirming his eligibility.

Key terms and conditions of re-appointment: Shri L V Prabhakar,

is eligible to receive sitting fee for attending the meetings of the

Board (H30,000/- per meeting) and if he becomes the member

of any Board Committees he will be eligible for a sitting fee of

H15,000/- per meeting. The sitting fee payable to Shri L V Prabhakar

is liable to be credited to the account of Canara Bank. He is also

eligible to receive re-imbursement of expenses incurred towards

travel, hotel and other incidental expenses incurred by the director

in the performance of their role and duties.

The Nomination Remuneration & HR Committee at its meeting

held on July 30, 2020 has determined Shri L V Prabhakar to be a

fit and proper candidate for appointment. Your directors are of the

opinion that Shri L V Prabhakar fulfils the conditions specified in the

Companies Act, 2013, SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and HFCs

Corporate Governance (NHB) Directions, 2016 for appointment

as a Director and his appointment as a Director would be in the

best interest of the Company. Shri L V Prabhakar being eligible, is

proposed to be appointed as a Director liable to retire by rotation

at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

Consents, declarations etc., referred above would be available

for inspection by the members as mentioned in the notes to this

Notice.

In terms of Sec.161 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Additional

Director appointed by the Board holds office upto the date of

the ensuing AGM and he shall be appointed as a Director by the

members at the AGM. Hence, this agenda item is considered

unavoidable and forms part of this Notice, in terms of the Circular

No.20/2020 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.

The Board of Directors therefore, recommend the passing of the

resolution proposed at Agenda No.7 of the Notice.

In respect of Agenda No.8: Acceptance of deposits from

public

The Company has been accepting deposits from the public since

inception. With the business operations of the Company growing,

Company’s requirements for additional funds are increasing. The

Company intends to continue to accept deposits from the public.

However, in terms of section 73(2) and 76 and all other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, and the rules made

thereunder, as amended from time to time, effective from April 01,

2014 the Company is exempt from applicability of the provisions

under the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 for

the purpose of acceptance of deposits from public since your

Company is a Housing Finance Company registered with National

Housing Bank (NHB).

Your Company being a Housing Finance Company registered with

NHB, has been following the Directions/guidelines issued by the

NHB from time to time with regard to acceptance and renewal of

deposits. The Government has issued notification communicating

transfer of regulation of HFCs from National Housing Bank to

Reserve Bank of India (RBI) w.e.f. August 09, 2019. Reserve Bank

has issued a Press Release dated August 13, 2019 stating that RBI

will carry out a review of the extant regulatory framework applicable

to HFCs and come out with revised regulations in due course and

till such time HFCs shall continue to comply with the directions and

instructions issued by NHB. The Company will continue to follow

the Directions/ Guidelines issued by NHB or RBI from time to time.

Regarding the quantum of deposits that can be accepted, your

Company is bound by para 3(1)(i) of Chapter II (Acceptance of

Public Deposits) of HFCs (NHB) Directions, 2010, according to

which the Company can accept deposits not exceeding 3 (three)

times of our net owned fund (NOF) as per the last audited balance

sheet (Notification No. NHB.HF 22/ MD&CE0/2019 dated June 17,

2019). The NOF of the Company as on March 31, 2020 (as per

the definition given in NHB Directions) is H2123.44 Crore (net of

dividend payout) and the outstanding deposits as on the said date

was H308.07 Crore.

Can Fin Homes Ltd | Empowering Dreams. Ensuring Affordability.

Annual Report 2019-20

18:

Managing Director and Shri Debashish

Mukherjee, Director (Executive Director of Canara Bank), Shri L V

Prabhakar (MD and CEO of Canara Bank) shall be deemed to be

the interested directors.

The Board of Directors therefore, recommend the passing of the

special resolution proposed at Agenda No.9 of the Notice.

As the Company is a housing finance institution and its main

business is providing loans, borrowing through various sources

is inevitable. Hence, this agenda item is considered unavoidable

and forms part of this Notice, in terms of the Circular No.20/2020

issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.

In respect of Agenda No.10 - Offer or invitation for

subscription of Non-Convertible Debentures (NCDs) or

bonds, secured or unsecured, of any nature upto an amount

not exceeding J4000 Crore, on private placement

In terms of Section 42 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of

the Companies Act, 2013, a Company may, subject to the provisions

of that section, make an offer or invitation for subscription of

securities including non-convertible debentures by way of private

19

Notice:

