letter etc.,together

with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly authorised representative(s) or alternatively to e-mail, to the

scrutiniser at e-mail, rsaevoting@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of

the above mentioned documents should be in the naming format "CFHL – 71st AGM".

B.

Members whose e-mail addresses are not registered with the Company / DPs [including members holding shares

in physical form]:

Members may follow the procedure for registration of e-mail address and obtaining User ID and Password

provided under section (III) below and then follow all steps from sl. no. (i) to sl. no. (xiii) above to cast your vote by

electronic means.

C.

Voting during the AGM:

Members participating in the AGM and who have not cast their vote through remote e-voting are eligible to cast their

vote through e-voting system available during the AGM. E-voting during the AGM is integrated with the VC / OAVM

platform. Members may click on the voting icon ( ) on the left side of the screen to cast their votes.

D.

Other Instructions

(i)

In case of any queries, you may refer Help & FAQ section of KFin at https://evoting.karvy.com/public/Faq.aspx or

call KFin on 040-67162222 & Toll-free No. 1800 3454 001.

(ii)

You can also update your mobile number and e-mail id in the user profile details of the folio which may be used for

sending future communication(s).

(iii) The voting rights of members shall be in proportion to their shares of the paid-up equity share capital of the

company as on the cut-off date of August 5, 2020.

(iv) Any person who acquires shares of the company and becomes a member of the company after dispatch of the

notice to the members and holding shares as on the cut-off date of August 5, 2020, may obtain the User ID and

password by sending a request through email to einward.ris@kfintech.com. However, if you are already registered

with KFin for remote e-voting then you can use your existing user ID and password for casting your vote. If you

forget your password, you can reset your password by using "Forgot user details / Password" option available on

https://evoting.karvy.com.

(v)

Members who have cast their votes through remote e-voting may also attend the AGM. However, those members

are not entitled to cast their vote again during the AGM.

(vi) A member can opt for only one mode of voting i.e., either through remote e-voting or voting during the AGM. Thus,

voting facility at the AGM shall be used only by those who have not exercised their right to vote through remote

e-voting.

(vii) The Scrutiniser shall immediately after the conclusion of voting at the AGM, first count the votes cast during the

AGM, thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting and make, not later than 48 hours of conclusion of

the AGM, a consolidated Scrutiniser’s Report of the total votes cast in favour or against, if any, to the Chairman or a

person authorised by him in writing, who shall countersign the same and declare the results of the voting forthwith.

(viii) The voting results declared along with the scrutiniser's report will be placed on the company's website,

www.cholafhl.com and on the website of KFin at https://evoting.karvy.com/public/Downloads.aspx after the

declaration of result by the Chairman or a person authorised by him in writing. The results shall also be immediately

forwarded to the Stock Exchange(s).

II.

FOR ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCING (VC) OR OTHER AUDIO VISUAL MEANS (OAVM)

The Company has engaged M/s KFin Technologies Private Limited (KFin) to provide VC / OAVM facility to conduct

the 71st AGM in an electronic manner. Procedure for participating in the AGM through VC / OAVM and the related

matters are given below::

letter providing the e-mail address, mobile number, self-attested PAN copy and client master copy, in case

of electronic folio and copy of share certificate, in case of physical folio for sending the Annual Report, Notice

of 71st AGM and instructions for e-voting instructions in an electronic mode. Shareholders may also access the

link https://ris.kfintech.com/email_registration/ and directly register their e-mail address and mobile number for

receiving a soft copy of the said documents relating to the AGM.

:

Dear Shareholders,

Financial Year 2019-20 (FY 20) has been a challenging year

for the domestic economy. India started witnessing economic

slow-down in the latter part of FY 19, with three of the four growth

engines-private consumption, private investment and exports

slowing down significantly, accentuated by liquidity constraints

in the financial services sector. This continued into FY 20 and

for the first time in several years, India’s GDP grew below 6% in

all the four quarters of the year and adding to pressures on an

already slowing economy, came COVID-19 in March 2020.

Amidst these difficult environment, your Company recorded a

consolidated income of `13,135 Crore and achieved a profit

of `1,165 Crore. Earlier your Company had applied to the

Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for registration as a Core Investment

Company (CIC). It gives me immense pleasure to inform you

that Cholamandalam Financial Holdings (CFHL) has now

been licensed as a NBFC-CIC-ND-SI (Non-Banking Financial

Company – Core Investment Company – Non-Deposit taking

– Systematically Important). During the year under review,

your Company infused an additional capital of `300 Crore to

augment capital adequacy requirement of its NBFC segment,

Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company (CIFCL).

I shall now give you a brief insight into the performance of

CFHL’s major investee companies during the FY 20.

NBFCs and its allied sectors witnessed a tight liquidity situation

which, to some extent has been alleviated through measures

taken by the RBI by way of announcement of LTRO, moratorium

for payment of dues etc. Despite these external factors, CIFCL

has displayed commendable tenacity in the face of adversity.

CIFCL’s profit after tax grew by 17% in FY 20 before considering

one time provision for COVID-19 related contingencies. To

further strengthen its capital adequacy, the Company raised

`1,200 Crore capital through a Qualified Institutional Placement

for `900 Crore and a preferential allotment for `300 Crore. The

Company also raised funds for the first time through an issue

of ‘Masala bonds’ of `400 Crore. CIFCL’s liquidity position as

at end March 2020 was stable, sufficient enough to meet its

near term commitments. On the business front, disbursements

in Vehicle Finance division was impacted predominantly due to

significant decline in the automotive sales across all product

categories. However, the business to a large extent was

able to offset year on year de-growth in traditional segments

through higher disbursements in Passenger Vehicles and

Two-Wheeler segments. While the affordable Home Loans

business continued to increase its disbursements over the

previous year, the Home Equity business witnessed a muted

growth in line with the industry trends.

General insurance industry reported gross written premium

(GWP) of `1,604 billion in FY 20, a growth of 9.5% over the

previous year. Cholamandalam MS General Insurance (Chola

MS) retains its market share of 3.1% after adjustment for crop

insurance premium, which the Company did not participate and

achieved a GWP of `4,824 Crore (under IND-AS) during the

year in line with the industry growth trajectory. The Company

continued to expand its network with bancassurance partners

and OEMS and secured new linkages with leading PSUs during

the FY 20. Despite a general slow down in the last quarter of the

year, Chola MS continued to make an underwriting surplus in

most lines of its businesses except Motor Third Party, Travel and

weather insurance. In the context of investment portfolio, Chola

MS adopted prudent strategies and deployed funds largely in

Government securities and pared down exposures to corporate

bonds.

Cholamandalam MS Risk Services, offering risk management

solutions, strengthened its Order book during the year by

bagging few long term contracts in domestic as well as in

overseas. A host of new services such as contractor incubation

centre, studies on soil & ground water contamination and

remediation plant were introduced during the year. The business

also partnered with digital developers to introduce EHS digital

products and explore introducing AI integrated studies into the

market.

Off late, digital transformation has become part of a successful

business strategy rather than just technology. Adapting

and adopting to digital is the need of the hour in the present

environment. Staying in sync with the current trend, the financial

services companies, CIFCL and Chola MS, have implemented

various IT and digital initiatives to offer financial solutions in

a more accessible way to customers and enhance internal

business processes.

Mrs. Shubhalakshmi Panse, Independent Director resigned

from the Board in November 2019. The Board is thankful to

Mrs. Panse for her contribution as a Board member, a

Chairperson of the Audit Committee and a member of the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee. On behalf of the Board,

I welcome Mrs. Vasudha Sundararaman inducted on the Board

as an independent director in February 2020.

While the immediate term may look a little stressed, I am confident

that economic activities will pick up from the second half of FY

21 as the nation-wide lockdown is gradually eased. However,

a lot will depend on containing the spread of COVID-19 at the

earliest. In alignment with the Group’s values, CFHL through its

investee companies shall continue to deliver quality services

with high responsibility to its respected customers with utmost

passion and integrity.

I thank all employees of the Company and its subsidiary /

associate / JV companies for their sincere efforts and contribution

during a rather challenging year. I also take this opportunity

to express my gratitude to all the stakeholders, customers,

business partners and vendors for their trust, unconditional faith

and support reposed on us.

Best Wishes

M M Murugappan

CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Forbes & Company

Limited. Has held leadership positions in various Indian and multinational organizations,

both in India and overseas - Hindustan Lever Ltd., RPG Group, Pepsi, Electrolux, Telstra

and Heinz;

♦

Mentors budding entrepreneurs and advises companies on strategy, performance

improvement and governance initiatives;

♦

Is a director on the Board’s of DCB Bank Ltd., Mahindra Intertrade Ltd., Bata Ltd.,

Huhtamaki PPL Ltd. and Wacker Metroark Chemicals Private Ltd. (a subsidiary of

Wacker Chemie AG). Is the member of Managing Committee of ASSOCHAM and

President of The Council of EU Chambers of Commerce in India;

♦

Was a past President of the Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry;

♦

Joined the Company’s Board on 1st August, 2018.

♦

Graduated from the University of Mumbai and is a member of the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India;

♦

Has experience in the areas of statutory and internal audit, due diligence, SOX

compliance and other professional services;

♦

Has worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers, A. F. Ferguson and Deloitte Haskins & Sells

where he was a partner till 2015;

♦

During his long career, has serviced national and multinational clients from diverse

sectors such as manufacturing, trading, software, time-share, real estate, financial

services, pharma, engineering, construction, services etc.

♦

Is a Board member of Redington (India) Ltd.

♦

Joined the Company’s Board on 18th March, 2019.

(65 years)

DIN: 07525213

Independent Director

Mr. B Ramaratnam

(63 years)

DIN: 00492930

Independent Director

Mr. Ashok Kumar Barat

♦

Is a trustee of the Group’s AMM Foundation, actively involved in the development of various citizenship initiatives,

particularly in education, health care, performing arts and sports;

♦

Has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company since 11th November, 2017. Prior to that he had served the Board of

the Company as a Non-Executive Director from March, 2002 till July, 2017.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

Managing Director of Coromandel International Ltd. from 2004 to 2010;

♦

Having served Ashok Leyland early in his career joined Murugappa Group and is the

Lead Director of fertilizer and sugar business of the Group;

♦

Is the Chairman of E.I.D. - Parry (India) Ltd. and Vice Chairman of Coromandel

International Ltd.

♦

Is a Board member of Parry Sugars Refinery India Private Ltd.

♦

Joined the Company’s Board on 18th March, 2019.

(63 years)

DIN: 00110086

Non-Executive Director

Mr. V Ravichandran

♦

Is a B.Sc (Zoology) graduate from Stella Maris College, Chennai, M.Sc (Zoology) from

Madras University and a Certified Associate of Indian Institute of Bankers;

♦

Joined State Bank of India as a probationary officer in 1981 in Delhi and retired in

November 2017 as Chief General Manager;

♦

Has lengthy experience in grass-root, retail aspects of banking for close to 20 years as

Branch Head, Head of Personal Banking Division, NRI Division and retail processing;

♦

Was actively involved in implementation of various projects of the bank aimed at

impacting the employees and individual customers of the Bank;

♦

Has served as the: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

The Directors take pleasure in presenting the 71st Annual Report together with the audited financial statements of the

Company for the year ended March 31, 2020.

further led to a decline in most commodity prices.

Financial market improved towards the end of the fiscal

year with the easing of trade tensions. However, the

outbreak of COVID-19 in the beginning of the year 2020

has sent shock waves across global equity markets. The

pandemic paralyzed activities in most of the countries.

Financial sector volatility has exploded to levels last seen

during the global financial crisis. With the continuing

unprecedented situation, a probability exists that major

parts of the global economy could slip into recession.

In India, adverse impact is manifested in most of the

businesses due to supply disruptions, fall in consumption

demand and stress on the banking and financial sectors.

India’s GDP growth for FY 20-21 is estimated to reduce

significantly as compared to pre-covid projection of

around 5%. Several important relief measures and

stimulus packages announced by the government is

expected to contain the economic impact of COVID-19.

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

CFHL earns revenue predominantly by way of dividend

income from investments held in subsidiary and other

group companies. An overview of the financial service

sector in which the company operates along with a

business update of these companies during FY 19-20 is

summarised in the following paragraphs.

NBFC Industry & Business Update

India’s financial sector is a highly diversified one

comprising commercial banks, insurance companies,

non-banking

financial

companies,

co-operatives,

pension funds, mutual funds and other smaller financial

entities. The sector is predominantly driven by banking

and non-banking financial companies (‘NBFCs’). Over

the past few years NBFCs have emerged as important

financial intermediaries, particularly for the small-scale

and retail sectors in underserved areas and unbanked

sectors. The sector turned out to be growth engines in

an environment where significant importance is assigned

to financial inclusion and have aided the economy in

employment generation and wealth creation by making

credit available to the rural segment. However, in recent

times the sector is becoming a weaker segment in Indian

financial system.:

letter of appointment is given to independent

directors at the time of appointment which lays

the role and duties of an independent director. The

terms and conditions of appointment of independent

directors is available on the Company's website at

http://www.cholafhl.com/article/investors/466.

Key regulatory changes are circulated to the Board every

quarter as part of agenda notes.

The Company has in place familiarisation programme

for directors with regard to their roles, duties, rights,

responsibilities in the company. Directors are familiarised

with the organisational set-up, businesses including its

associate / subsidiary / JV companies, the environment

in which it operates and relevant information pertaining

to the Company.

The details of familiarisation programme are available on

the Company’s website at:

http://www.cholafhl.com/article/investors/858:

Managing Director

(MD) / Chief Executive Officer (CEO), separate posts of

Chairperson and MD / CEO does not arise. The Internal

Auditor reports to the Audit Committee directly. Further,

there are no audit qualifications on the Company’s

financial statements.

CERTIFICATION FROM THE STATUTORY AUDITORS

The statutory auditors have issued a certificate regarding

compliance with the provisions relating to corporate

governance as per Chapter IV of the Listing Regulations.

The certificate is annexed to this report.:

Managing Director / Manager / Whole-time Director

(` in Crore)

SN.

Particulars of Remuneration

Key Managerial Personnel

Chief

Financial

Officer

Company

Secretary

Total

Amount

1

Gross Salary

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in Section 17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

-

0.23

0.23

(b) Value of perquisites under Section 17(2) of Income tax Act, 1961

-

-

-

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under Section 17(3) of Income-tax Act, 1961

-

-

-

2

Stock Option

-

-

-

3

Sweat Equity

-

-

-

4

Commission

- as % of Profit

- others, specify

-

-

-

5

Others (deputation cost)*

0.80

-

0.80

Total

0.80

0.23

1.03

*Represents cost of deputation paid / payable to Cholamandalam Investment & Finance Company Limited (includes remuneration as Manager)

VII. PENALTIES / PUNISHMENT / COMPOUNDING OF OFFENCES

There were no penalties, punishment or compounding of offences during the year ended March 31, 2020.:

