Managing Director; or (ii) Chief Executive Officer, or (iii)

Chief Financial Officer; or (iv) Company Secretary; or in the absence of all of the above (v) such other

person as may be authorised by the Board or Committee thereof, who shall sign every instrument to which

the seal of the company is so affixed.

RESOLVED FURTHER that Mr. Udaya Kumar Hebbar,: Managing

Managing Director.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Paolo Brichetti, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Mr. Diwakar B.R.,

Director – Finance & CFO and Mr. M. J. Mahadev Prakash, Head – Compliance, Legal & Company Secretary

be and are hereby severally authorized for and on behalf of the Company to take such steps as may be

necessary for obtaining necessary approvals - statutory, contractual or otherwise, as may be required, in

relation to the said re-appointment and to settle all matters arising out of and incidental thereto and to

sign and execute deeds, applications, documents and writings that may be required, on behalf of the

Company and generally to do all such other acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered

necessary, proper, expedient or incidental for giving effect to this Resolution.”

Item No. 8 – Payment of Revised Commission to Independent Directors

Members are requested to consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special

Resolution:

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 197, 198, and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 and the Rules made thereunder, read with the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligation Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Articles of Association of the Company, the consent of Shareholders

of the Company be and is hereby accorded for payment of revised commission, in addition to the sitting

fees being paid/payable for attending the meetings of the Board of Directors of the Company and its

Committees thereof, to the Independent Directors with effect from Financial Year 2020-21, subject to such

criteria, as may be decided by the Board of Directors from time to time, provided that the minimum

commission payable to each Independent Director shall be Rs.5 lacs and the maximum commission payable

to each Independent Director shall not exceed Rs.12 lacs in any fiscal year.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (including Nomination &

Remuneration Committee) be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts and take all such steps as may

be necessary or expedient to give effect to this resolution including payment of such commission for any

period or periods.”

Item No. 9 – Reinstitution & Ratification of the GKFSPL Employees Stock Option Plan - 2011

Members are requested to consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special

Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions contained in Section 62(1)(b) and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made there under (including any amendment

thereto or re–enactment thereof), Regulation 12 & other relevant provisions of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014, as amended and all other applicable

provisions, if any, (including any amendment thereto or re-enactment thereof), the enabling provisions of

the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of the Company, and such other rules,

regulations and guidelines as may be applicable from time to time, and subject to such approval(s),

consent(s), permission(s) and/or sanction(s) as may be required from appropriate regulatory

authorities/institutions, the ‘GKFSPL Employees Stock Option Plan – 2011’ (hereinafter referred to as “the

Plan”), approved and adopted prior to the Initial Public Offering (“IPO”) by the then existing shareholders

of the Company by resolution dated October 30, 2017, amended post listing by the shareholders’ resolution:

Managing Director & CEO, Mr. Diwakar B.R.,

Director – Finance & CFO and Mr. M. J. Mahadev Prakash, Head – Compliance, Legal & Company Secretary

be and are hereby severally authorized for and on behalf of the Company to do all such acts, deeds, and

things, as they may, in their absolute discretion deem necessary including appointment of Advisors,

Consultants or Representatives, being incidental to the effective implementation and administration of the

Plan as also to make applications to the appropriate Authorities, for their requisite approvals as also to

initiate all necessary actions for and to settle all such questions, difficulties or doubts whatsoever that may

arise and take all such steps and decisions in this regard.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Udaya Kumar Hebbar,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, Mr. Diwakar B.R.,

Director – Finance & CFO and Mr. M. J. Mahadev Prakash, Head – Compliance, Legal & Company Secretary,

be and are hereby severally authorized for and on behalf of the Company to take such steps as may be

necessary and to settle all matters arising out of and incidental thereto and sign and execute all deeds,

applications, documents and writings that may be required, on behalf of the Company and generally to do

all acts, deeds and things that may be necessary, proper, expedient or incidental for the purpose of giving

effect to the aforesaid Resolutions.”

Item No. 11 – To approve granting of Stock Options to the employees of Subsidiary

Company(ies) (present & future) under the GKFSPL Employees Stock Option Plan – 2011

Members are requested to consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special

Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT, pursuant to Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits)

Regulations, 2014 (“SEBI SBEB Regulations”) and subject to such other approvals, permissions and

sanctions as may be necessary and such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed

while granting such approvals, permissions and sanctions, consent of the member(s) of the Company be

and is hereby accorded to grant the stock Options under the CAGL Employees Stock Option Plan – 2011

[GKFSPL Employees Stock Option Plan – 2011] (“Plan”) to the present and future, permanent employees

of the subsidiary Company(ies) and their director(s), whether Whole-time director or not (other than

promoters of the Company, Independent Directors and Directors holding directly or indirectly more

than 10% of the outstanding Equity Shares of the Company), if any, or to such other employees as may:

Managing Director & CEO, Mr. Diwakar B.R.,

Director – Finance & CFO and Mr. M. J. Mahadev Prakash, Head – Compliance, Legal & Company Secretary,

be and are hereby severally authorized for and on behalf of the Company to do or cause to do, all such acts,

deeds, and things, as they may, in their absolute discretion deem necessary for the effective implementation

and administration of the Plan and to make applications to the appropriate authorities, for their requisite

approvals and to take all necessary actions and to settle all such questions, difficulties or doubts whatsoever that

may arise while implementing these resolutions.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Udaya Kumar Hebbar,: Managing

letter to the Company or upload on the VC portal / e-voting portal.

11. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding maintained under

Section 170 of the Act, and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the directors are

interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Act, will be available electronically for inspection by

the members during the AGM. All documents referred to in the Notice will also be available for

electronic inspection without any fee by the members from the date of circulation of this Notice up to

the date of AGM, i.e. August 11, 2020. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email

to csinvestors@creditaccessgrameen.com.

12. Members whose shareholding is in electronic mode are requested to direct notifications about change

of address, mobile number and email IDs to their respective depository participants(s) (DP) and also

to quote Folio Number/Client ID/DP ID, in all their correspondence with the Company/DP.

13. Members seeking any information with regard to the accounts are requested to write to the Company

at an early date, so as to enable the management to keep the information ready at the meeting.

14. In compliance with Section 108 of the Act, the corresponding Rules made thereunder, and Regulation

44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing

Regulations”), the Company has provided a facility to its members to exercise their votes electronically

through the electronic voting (“remote e-voting”) facility provided by the M/s KFin Technologies Private

Limited (KFin), the Registrar & Share Transfer Agents (“RTA”) of the Company. Members who have

cast their votes by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may participate in the AGM but shall not be

entitled to cast their votes again. The instructions for remote e-voting by members holding shares in

dematerialized mode and for members who have not registered their email address is provided in the

e-voting section which forms part of this Notice. The Board of Directors have appointed CS C.

Dwarakanath (FCS - 7723 and CP No. - 4847), Company Secretary in Practice, as the Scrutinizer to

scrutinize the remote e-voting as well as the e-voting at the AGM, in a fair and transparent manner.

15. The remote e-voting period commences on Saturday, August 8, 2020 at 9.00 am (IST) and ends on

Monday, August 10, 2020 at 5.00 pm (IST). During this period, members holding shares either in

physical or dematerialized form, as on cut-off date, i.e. as on Tuesday, August 4, 2020 may cast their

votes electronically. The remote e-voting module will be disabled by the RTA for voting thereafter. A

member will not be allowed to vote again on any resolution on which vote has already been cast

through remote e-voting. The voting rights of members shall be proportionate to their share of the

paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut‑off date, i.e. as on August 4, 2020.

16. Once the vote on a Resolution is cast by the shareholder either through remote e-voting or at the

AGM, he/she shall not be allowed to change it subsequently.

17. The facility for e-voting at the e-AGM will also be made available. Members present in the e-AGM

through VC/OAVM and who have not cast their vote on the resolutions through remote e-voting and

are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through the e-voting system during

the e-AGM.

18. The results of the remote e-voting and poll in the e-AGM shall be declared within 48 hours of conclusion

of the e-AGM and will be published on the website of the Company and also intimated to the Stock

Exchanges.

19. In compliance with the Circulars, the Annual Report for 2019-20, the Notice of the 29th AGM, and the

instructions for remote e-voting along with relevant information are being sent only through electronic

mode to those members whose email address is registered with the Company / depository

participant(s).

20. We urge members to support our commitment to environmental protection by choosing to receive the

Company’s communication through email. Members holding shares in demat mode, who have not

registered their email addresses are requested to register their email addresses as per the instructions

provided by your respective depository participants or RTA

21. Members may also note that the Notice of the 29th AGM and the Annual Report for 2019-20 will also

be available on the Company’s website, www.creditaccessgrameen.com websites of the Stock

Exchanges, i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited, at www.bseindia.com and

www.nseindia.com respectively, and on the website of RTA, https://evoting.karvy.com

22. Members who have acquired shares after the dispatch of notice and before the cut-off date may

approach the Company/ RTA for issuance of User ID and Password for exercising their votes by

electronic means.:

letter providing the email address, mobile number, self-attested

PAN copy and Client Master copy (in case of electronic folio) or copy of share certificate (in case of

physical) folio for sending the Annual report, Notice of e-AGM and the remote e-voting instructions.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE E-AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM:

1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the e-AGM through VC/OAVM platform provided by

the Company’s RTA. Members may access the same at https://emeetings.kfintech.com under

shareholders/members login by using the remote e-voting credentials. The link for e-AGM will be

available in shareholder/members login where the EVENT and the name of the company can be

selected. Please note that the members who do not have the User ID and Password for remote e-voting

or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-voting

instructions mentioned in the Notice.

2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops (preferably) with Google Chrome for a

better experience.

3. Further Members will be required to enable camera settings, in their laptops and hence use Internet

with a good bandwidth/speed to avoid any disturbance during the e-AGM.

4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting

via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their respective network. It is

therefore recommended to use a stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid

glitches.

5. AGM Questions prior to e-AGM: Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask questions

during the meeting may log into https://emeetings.kfintech.com/ with the e-voting credentials and click

on “Post your Questions” may post their queries/views/questions in the window provided by mentioning

the name, demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number. Please note that, members

questions will be answered, only if the shareholder continue to hold the shares as of cut-off date

benpos. The posting of the questions shall commence on August 06, 2020, at 9:00 AM and will be

closed on August 08, 2020, at 5:00 PM.

6. Speaker Registration for e-AGM session: Shareholders who want to register as a speaker to speak

during the e-AGM may log into https://emeetings.kfintech.com/ with the same e-voting credentials and

click on “Speaker Registration” by mentioning the demat account number/folio number, city, email id,

mobile number and submit. The speaker registration shall commerce on August 06, 2020, 9:00 AM and

will be closed on August 08, 2020, at 5:00 PM.:

Letter,

etc. together with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly authorised representative(s), to

the Scrutinizer at E-mail ID: dwarakanath.c@gmail.com with a copy marked to:

Managing Director & CEO or CFO or Company Secretary and in the absence of any of these, a person

authorized by the Board/Committee as the case may be, to sign the documents on which Common Seal is

affixed.

In view of the above, following changes are proposed to existing Article 85 of Articles of Association, under

the head ‘Seal’, as under::

Managing Director; or (ii) Chief

Executive Officer, or (iii) Chief Financial

Officer; or (iv) Company Secretary; or in

the absence of all of the above (v) such

other person as may be authorised by the

Board or Committee thereof, who shall

sign every instrument to which the seal of

the company is so affixed.

The Directors recommend the Special Resolution set out in Item No. 6 of the Notice for approval.

Copy of the Articles of Association is available for inspection without any fee by the during normal business

hours on any working day. Members who wish inspect the document can write to the Company at

csinvestors@creditaccessgrameen.com. Directors recommend the Special Resolution set out in Item No. 6

of the Notice for approval.

None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives are concerned or

interested, in the resolution set out in Items No. 6 of the Notice.

Item No. 7

The Company had appointed Mr. Udaya Kumar Hebbar as: Managing

Managing Director (MD), are as

follows:

I.

PERIOD: From June 26, 2020 to June 25, 2023.

II.

REMUNERATON:

The annual remuneration and all other forms of compensation payable to MD & CEO will be

approved by the Board of Directors, based on the recommendation of the Nomination &

Remuneration Committee.

The fixed and variable remuneration paid to Mr. Udaya Kumar Hebbar for FY 2019-2020, was

INR.15.99 Million and INR.4.00 Million, respectively. The proposed remuneration payable to him for

FY 2020-21, would be based on the recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee.

III.

CONFIDENTIALITY:

Mr. Udaya Kumar Hebbar shall be bound by the Confidentiality clauses under the draft Agreement

proposed to be entered into with him for the period of Employment.

IV.

CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION:

Severance Package:

a. The Company would be liable to pay, within thirty (30) days following the termination of the

Employment Agreement with MD & CEO, in cases other than extension of his period of

employment or termination due to material failure by the Company to comply with the

Employment Agreement, the aggregate of the amounts described in (i) and (ii) below:

i.

an amount equal to 9 months (nine months) of his most recent salary;

ii.

Any other lawful amounts due to him.

b. Termination by the Company for ‘Cause’, at any time:

i.

If his employment is terminated by the Company for a Cause, the appointment

Agreement shall terminate without any further obligations to him, other than any Salary

and Bonus that may have already accrued to him and stock options that have already

vested on the date of termination. The Severance Package as in c. a) above will not

apply.

c. Termination upon ‘death’ or ‘disability’, at any time:

i.

If MD & CEO’s employment is terminated by reason of his disability (such disability

diagnosed by a registered medical practitioner of good standing), the Agreement shall

stand terminated without further obligations to MD & CEO, other than for Severance

Package;

ii.

If MD & CEO’s employment is terminated by reason of his death, the Agreement shall

terminate without further obligations to his legal representatives, other than for

Severance Package.

d. Termination by MD & CEO for ‘Good Reasons’:

i.

If the employment is terminated by MD & CEO at any time for Good Reasons, then the

Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to him, other than for Severance

Package.

V.

Such other terms and conditions as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors of the Company.

The terms of the proposed remuneration are in conformity with the provisions of Sections 196, 197,

198 & 203 read with Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.:

letter.

The Eligible Employee who receive grant of Options on & after August 11, 2020, shall Exercise

his/her Option during the Exercise Period which shall be any time before the expiry of 36 months

from the date on which his/her entitlement vests at the predetermined exercise price communicated

in their grant: letter.

In case the employee resigns from employment of the company or whose employment is terminated

by the company, then vested Options shall be exercised within 90 days from the date of relieving

from employment.

In case of death of the Optionee, the exercise period shall be 2 years from the date of death. In

case of permanent disability of the Optionee, the exercise period shall be 2 years from the date of

separation.

viii

Appraisal process for determining the eligibility of employees under the Plan:

a. Grade A & B shall not be eligible for ESOP – Exceptional cases to be considered from time to

time.

b. Grade C, D, E to be granted on the criteria of the following:

i.

Criticality

ii. Length of Service

iii. Performance

iv. Level of seniority

c. All Grade F & above shall be entitled to ESOPs based on performance and criticality.

ix

Maximum number of Options to be issued per employee and in aggregate

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee will base the number of Options to be granted to

Eligible Employee on the eligibility criteria which may be revised from time to time.

The maximum number of Options to be granted under this Plan shall not exceed 75,04,208

(Seventy-Five Lakh Four Thousand Two Hundred Eight) which shall be convertible into equal

number of Equity Shares.

x

Maximum quantum of benefits to be provided per employee under a Plan(s)

The maximum quantum of benefits that will be provided to every eligible Employee under the Plan

will be the difference between the market value of Company’s Share on the Stock Exchanges as on

the date of exercise of Options and the Exercise Price paid by the Employee.

xi

Whether the Plan(s) is to be implemented and administered directly by the company or

through a trust

The ESOP Trust / Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall perform all actions as required

for the Administration of the Plan. The allotment of the shares is directly done by the Company to

Employees.

xii

Whether the Plan(s) involves new issue of shares by the company or secondary

acquisition by the trust or both

The Plan will be implemented via Trust Route wherein the Company will make new issue of Equity

shares to the employees on valid exercise of Stock Options.

Managing Director & CEO

We are all in a time of unprecedented crisis with

the worldwide pandemic of COVID-19, however,

remembering our societal value and role, and

re m a in in g fo c u s e d o n o u r c l ie n ts a n d

communities we serve, will be paramount at this

point of time. We must take this as an opportunity

to deal with the crisis and look at new possibilities

to make our business model more resilient. In this

challenging time, the Company has undertaken

several support, relief and awareness initiatives.

Our Board of Directors have immediately

approved to earmark Rs. 5 Crore for such

initiatives so that we continue to do our bit to fight

against this pandemic.

The Financial Year 2020 has been significant in

many ways for CreditAccess Grameen. We have

expanded our footprint in five new states - Gujarat,

Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Jharkhand.

We have added 259 new branches, the highest

ever in any Financial Year, reached over 29 Lakh

customers, crossed 10,000 employees and

touched Rs. 9896 Cr in AUM at a standalone level.

The Company is now GREAT PLACES TO

WORK–CERTIFIED® and ranked among 'India's

Best Workplaces in BFSI 2020'– Top 25. It's my firm

belief that building a resilient and customer centric

business will be possible through a strong

employee centric culture and this certification is a

reiteration of our culture.

The Company has achieved a major milestone by

successfully completing the first step of the

merger with Madura Micro Finance Limited

('MMFL') with the purchase of a 76.08% stake in

March 2020. This merger will further strengthen

our Company's leadership position as the largest

NBFC-MFI in India.

This year, CreditAccess Grameen has received many

prestigious awards including 'Best NBFC at FE Best

Banks awards', 'Micro Finance Organization of the

Year Award 2019', 'CNBC-AWAAZ CEO Awards 2019'

and 'Water. org and Sa-dhan Awards' for water and

Sanitation Credit Financing. These recognitions

would not have been possible without the strong

and continuous support from our customers and

employees, especially those who serve at the field

every day. These significant achievements and the

awards are dedicated to our employees and

customers.

Udaya Kumar Hebbar: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

has been appointed as one of the members of this

committee.

The committee will recommend/suggest on how to

increase Microinsurance penetration, product designs

with

customer- friendly

underwriting,

changes

required in the distribution structure including mobile

based and technology driven solutions and a

framework for creating effective awareness

programmes.

Credit Access Grameen participates in

Grameen Foundation India`s Jobs

Conference 2019

Grameen Foundation India, a social impact

organization, providing technical assistance to

development institutions in India, has conducted a

first-ever conference dedicated to the theme of jobs,

self-employment,

and

entrepreneurship

on

December 9th-10th,2019, in New Delhi. It deliberated

on the issues affecting employment in India. Mr.

Sundar Arumugam, Head of Strategy and Innovation

of Credit Access Grameen, participated on the panel,

“Jobs in Financial Services Sector.” CreditAccess

Grameen was also one of the sponsors of the event.:

Managing Director and Chief

Executive of HSBC's Global Commercial Banking

visited CA Grameen's headquarter on 6th June 2019.

Dr Aruna Sharma, MFIN Board Member visited CA

Grameen's headquarter and interacted with the

management team in the month of June 2019.

Mr. Robert Burgess, Consul General of the United

States of America in Chennai, paid a visit to Credit

Access Grameen on 20th November 2019 to

familiarize himself with the company’s microfinance

operations and its social initiatives.

A group of students from ESADE Business School,

Barcelona, visited CreditAccess Grameen's HO on

January 30th, 2020 and participated in an interactive

session with Mr Udaya Kumar Hebbar and team.

State Bank of India`s: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Diwakar B R

Director - Finance & CFO

Manoj Kumar

Additional & Independent Director

Massimo Vita

Nominee Director of our Promoter, CAI

Sucharita Mukherjee

Independent Director

Prabha Raveendranathan

Independent Director

Anal Kumar Jain

Independent Director

George Joseph

Independent Director

Sumit Kumar

Nominee Director of our Promoter, CAI

21:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

Director – Finance & CFO

Chief Business Officer

Chief Audit Officer

Anshul Sharan

Gopal Reddy

Arun Kumar B

Sundar Arumugam

Chief Risk Officer

Business Head

Group Lending

Head

Information Technology

Head

Strategy and Innovation

Srivatsa H N

Nagananda Kumar K N

Vishwanath Bhat

M J Mahadev Prakash

Business Head

Group Lending

Head - Centralized Operations

Head – Retail Finance

Head – Compliance, Legal &

Company Secretary

Thrishuli B

Nilesh Dalvi

Haridarshini A

Head – Human Resource

Head - Investor Relations

Head – Operational Excellence:

Managing Director & CEO

The composition of the Board is in line with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Securities

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing

Regulations”). All the Directors have vast knowledge and experience in their relevant fields and the Company

had benefitted immensely by their presence on the Board.

The skills/ expertise / competence of the Board of directors identified by the Board as required in the context of

business of the Company is mentioned in the Corporate Governance Report.

a.

Changes in Directors and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) during the FY 2020

During the year under review, following were the changes in the Directors and KMPs of the Company.

Name

Date of Appointment/

Resignation/ Re-designation

Reason

Mr. Diwakar B. R.

June 14, 2019

Appointed as Director Finance & CFO

Mr. M.N. Gopinath

October 29, 2019

Resigned as Chairman and Independent

Director

Mr. Manoj Kumar

October 30, 2019

Appointed as Additional and Independent

Director

Mr. Syam Kumar R.

January 22, 2020

Resigned as Company Secretary and

Compliance Oﬃcer

Mr. M.J. Mahadev Prakash January 22, 2020

Appointed as Head – Compliance, Legal &

Company Secretary

Mr. Udaya Kumar Hebbar,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO confirming the receipt of this declaration from Independent

Directors is annexed to this report as Annexure I.

During the year under review, Mr. M.N. Gopinath resigned as the Chairman and Independent Director

and Mr. Manoj Kumar was appointed as Additional and Independent Director. The Board is of the opinion

that Mr. Manoj Kumar possesses relevant expertise and experience to contribute for the growth and

betterment of the Company.

e. Policy on Board Diversity

The Policy on Board Diversity approved and adopted by the Company is as follows:

1. Diversity is ensured through consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to skills,

industry experience, background and other qualities.

2. The Company takes into account factors based on its own business model and specific needs from time to

time.

3. The Nomination & Remuneration Committee leads the process of identifying and nominating candidates

for appointment as Directors on the Board.

4. The benefits of diversity continue to influence succession planning and to be the key criteria for the

search and nomination of Directors to the Board.

5. Board appointments are based on merit and candidates are evaluated against objective criteria, having

due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board, including that of gender.

f. Policy on Nomination & Remuneration of Directors, KMPs and Senior Management

The Policy on Nomination and Remuneration sets out the criteria for determining qualifications, positive

attributes and independence of Directors. It also lays down criteria for determining qualifications, positive

attributes of KMPs and senior management and other matters provided under Section 178(3) of the

Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 19 of Listing Regulations.

The Policy on Nomination and Remuneration of the Company as approved and adopted by the Board is

available on the website of the Company at www.creditaccessgrameen.com.

g. Evaluation of Board, its Committees and Individual directors

The Board has carried out an annual evaluation of its own performance, its Committees, Chairman and

individual Directors.:

Managing Director & CEO is in receipt of any commission from either

the Company or its Holding Company during the year under review.

19. MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS

At the end of March 2020, the lockdown declared in the entire country due to COVID-19 which continued beyond

May 2020, had a significant impact on the business environment in the country as well as for the Company.

Collections and disbursements of loans were to be halted with immediate effect of lockdown. As per the RBI

issued Policy guidelines on Loan Moratorium on March 27, 2020 and the Company extended the option of loan

Moratorium to all the existing borrowers until May 31, 2020. During this period, the Company also requested for

a similar moratorium benefit from the lenders and accordingly many banks have supported by extending

moratorium to the company. However, the company has taken decision to honour all the interest payment to:

Managing Director of the Company is included in this Annual

Report.

The: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 07235226:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure-2 hereto and forms an

integral part of this report.:

letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on the audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on random test basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in the secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices, I followed

provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3. I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the

Company.

4. The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards etc is the

responsibility of the management of the Company. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures

on random test basis.

5. Wherever required, I have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

6. The list of laws applicable to the Company enclosed as Annexure-1 to the Secretarial Audit Report is as confirmed

by the management of the Company. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance nor a confirmation that

the list is exhaustive.

7. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place: Bengaluru

Date: May 29, 2020

C. Dwarakanath

Company Secretary in Practice

FCS No: 7723; CP No: 4847:

Managing Director & CEO

Member

3. AVERAGE NET PROFIT OF THE COMPANY FOR THE LAST THREE FINANCIAL YEARS

Rs. 2,690.52 million

4. PRESCRIBED CSR EXPENDITURE (2% OF THE ABOVE)

Approved Budget for the FY2020 - Rs. 53.81 million

5. DETAILS OF CSR SPEND FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR

a. Total amount spent by Navya Disha (implementation agency) for the FY2020 - Rs. 52.55 million

b. Amount unspent by Navya Disha - Rs. 1.26 million:

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman, CSR Committee

DIN: 07235226

DIN: 01828812:

Managing Director & CEO to the median remuneration of the employees of the

Company for the FY2020: 65.20 times

ii.

The ratio of remuneration of Director – Finance & CFO to the median remuneration of the employees of the

Company for the FY2020: 42.30 times

iii.

The percentage of increase in remuneration of: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

b.

Details of the BR head

DIN Number

Name

Designation

Telephone number

E-mail id

07235226

Udaya Kumar Hebbar: Managing

Managing Director & CEO:

letter of the law and has comprehensively adopted practices mandated in the CA 2013 and

Listing Regulations to fulfil its responsibility towards the stakeholders. These guidelines ensure that the Board of

Directors (“the Board”) will have the necessary authority to review and evaluate the operations when required.

Further, these guidelines enable the Board to make decisions that are independent of the Management.

B. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

a. Composition

The composition of the Board is in conformity with Regulations 17 of Listing Regulations and , which stipulates

that the Board should have an optimum combination of executive and non-executive directors with at least

one (1) woman director and at least fifty per cent (50%) of the Board should consist of non-executive directors.

It further stipulates that if the chairperson of the Board is a non-executive and non-promoter director then at

least one-third of the board should comprise of independent directors.

As on March 31, 2020, the Company's Board comprised of ten (10) Directors, including five (5) Non-executive

Independent Directors as mentioned in the table below. The Chairman of the Board is a Non-Executive and

Nominee Director.

Category

Name of Directors

Non-Executive - Nominee Directors

Non-Executive - Independent Directors

Executive Directors

Mr. Paolo Brichetti

Mr. Massimo Vita

Mr. Sumit Kumar

Mr. George Joseph

Mr. Anal Kumar Jain

Mr. R Prabha

Ms. Sucharita Mukherjee

Mr. Manoj Kumar

Mr. B R Diwakar, Director – Finance & CFO

Mr. Udaya Kumar Hebbar,: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO

1

1

0

Mr. B R Diwakar

Director-Finance &

CFO

1

0

0

1 Including Directorship/membership in committees in CreditAccess Grameen Limited and directorships / membership in

committees in equity listed entities.

2 Including chairmanship in Board/Committees in CreditAccess Grameen Limited

*Mr. George Joseph is Joint: Managing Director in Wonderla Holidays Limited which is a listed Companies.

Notes:

 There are no inter-se relationships between the Board members.

 None of the Directors on the Board is a member of more than 10 Committees or

Managing Director &

CEO in this regard, pursuant to Reg 34 read with clause D of Schedule V of Listing Regulations, confirming to the

adherence to this Code is enclosed herewith as ANNEXURE 1

h. Code of Conduct and Fair Disclosure for Prohibition of Insider Trading

The Company has put in place a Code of Conduct and Fair Disclosure for Prohibition of Insider Trading for its

designated persons in compliance with SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations 2015. This Code is to

regulate monitor and report the trading in the Company's shares by the designated persons of the Company.

The Code of Conduct and Fair Disclosure for Prohibition of Insider Trading is available on the website of the

Company at: www.creditaccessgrameen.com.

i. No. of Shares and convertible instruments held by Non-Executive Director

Details of shares or convertible instruments of the Company held by Non-Executive Director as on March 31,

20120 is given below:

Sl. No.:

Managing Director and CEO:

1. Term of agreement: Period effective July 15, 2015 to June 25, 2020;

2. Notice period: 60 days written notice for good reason otherwise 120 days written notice.

3. Severance package:

The Company shall within thirty days following termination of employment agreement pay the aggregate of

the amount mentioned below:

1. An amount equal to 9 months (nine months) salary calculated on last drawn salary

2. Any other lawful amounts due to Executive;

Other terms of employment of Mr. Diwakar B.R, Director – Finance & CFO:

1. Term of agreement: Period effective June 14, 2019 to June 13, 2022;

2. Notice period: 60 days written notice.

l. Stock Option details

Name of the Director

Options granted

Options exercised, and

shares allotted

Options outstanding

Udaya Kumar Hebbar

755,000

392,500

362,500

Diwakar B.R.

310,000

244,000

66,000

m. Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors including Independent Director

The non-executive directors were paid sitting fees and the Independent Directors were eligible for sitting fee

and Commission during the period under review. Details of sitting fee / commission paid is given below:

(Rs in million)

Name of the Director

Sitting fees

Commission

2019-2020

2018-19**

Mr. M N Gopinath*

0.08

0.79

Mr. Paolo Brichetti

0.36

-

Mr. Anal Jain

0.40

0.64

Mr. R Prabha

0.78

0.76

Mr. George Joseph

0.68

0.71

Ms. Sucharita Mukherjee

0.21

0.48

Mr. Manoj Kumar*

0.11

0.71

Mr. Massimo Vita

0.24

-

Mr. Sumit Kumar

0.23

-

Total

3.09

3.37

*Mr. M.N Gopinath resigned from Directorship on October 29, 2019 and Mr. Manoj was appointed as

Independent & Additional Director on October 30, 2019

**Commission paid for FY 2019-2018 in the FY 2019-20.

The

criteria

of

making

payments

to

non-executive

directors

is

available

on

the

website

www.creditaccessgrameen.com

During FY 2020, the Company has not advanced loans to any of its Directors and there were no pecuniary

relationship or transactions with the non-executive directors.:

Managing Director & CEO; and the Internal Auditor reports directly to the Audit Committee.

f. Credit Rating

The details with respect to Credit Ratings obtained by the Company is given in the Directors' Report.

g. Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women

Details with respect to Sexual Harassment of Women at workplace is given the Directors' Report

h. Dematerialization of shares and liquidity

100% of the shares of the Company are held in demat form.

i. Fees paid to Statutory Auditors

Total fees for all services paid by CreditAccess Grameen Limited and its subsidiary on a consolidated basis to

S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP (statutory auditor of the Company) and other firms in the network entity of which the

statutory auditor is a part, as included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year

ended March 31, 2020 is as follows:

(Rs. In million)

Fees for audit and related services paid to S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP and to entities of the

network of which statutory auditor is a part

9.90

Other fees paid to S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP and to entities of the network of which statutory

auditor is a part

1.90

Total Fees

11.80

j. Disclosure under Master Direction - Non-Banking Financial Company - Systemically Important Non-

Deposit taking Company and Deposit taking Company (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016

a. There are no pecuniary relationships / transactions of Non-Executive Directors vis-à-vis the Company;

b. Amount of funds raised through Perpetual Debt Instruments (PDIs) during the year and outstanding at the close

of FY: Nil

c. Percentage of amount of PDIs of the amount of its Tier-1 Capital: NA

d. FY in which interest on PDI has not been paid in accordance with Lock-in-clause of attached regulations: NA

e. Details of auctions conducted during the year including number of loan accounts, outstanding amounts, value

fetched and whether any of the sister concerns participated in the auctions: Nil:

Managing Director and CEO of CreditAccess Grameen Limited, hereby certify that all the

Board Members and Senior Managerial Personnel (Core Management Team) have affirmed compliance with the

Code of Conduct of the Company laid down by the Board of Directors, for the year ended March 31, 2020

Udaya Kumar Hebbar: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Director - Finance & CFO

DIN: 07235226

DIN: 02775640:

Managing Director & CEO

M. J. Mahadev Prakash

Diwakar B R

Director-Finance & CFO

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2020

Head - Compliance, Legal & Company Secretary

Place: Bangalore

Date: May 30, 2020:

Managing Director & CEO

M. J. Mahadev Prakash

Diwakar B R

Director-Finance & CFO:

Managing Director & CEO

M. J. Mahadev Prakash

Diwakar B R

Director-Finance & CFO

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2020

Head - Compliance, Legal & Company Secretary

Place: Bangalore

Date: May 30, 2020:

Managing Director & CEO

M. J. Mahadev Prakash

Diwakar B R

Director-Finance & CFO:

Managing Director & CEO

Holding Company

CreditAccess India NV (Formerly known as CreditAccess Asia NV)

Subsidiary Company

Madura Microﬁnance Limited (From March 18, 2020)

Chairman & Nominee Director

Mr. Paolo Brichetti (From October 30, 2019)

Independent Director

Mr. R Prabha

Independent Director

Mr. Anal Kumar Jain

Independent Director

Ms. Sucharita Mukherjee

Independent Director

Mr. George Joseph

Additional & Independent Director

Mr. Manoj Kumar (From October 30, 2019)

Nominee Director

Mr. Sumit Kumar

Nominee Director

Mr. Massimo Vita

Director- Finance & CFO

Mr. Diwakar B R (From June 14, 2019)

Independent Director & Chairman

Mr. M.N Gopinath (up to Oct 29, 2019):

letter no

DNBS.PD.NO.4906/03.10.038/2012-13 dated April 4, 2013 to Micro-ﬁnance Institutions Network (the

“MFIN format”) read with the FAQs issued by RBI on October 14, 2016 and RBI circulated dated March 13,

2020 on implementation of Indian Accounting Standards.

2. Average loan outstanding determined for the purpose of calculating NIM is based on carrying value of

loans under Ind AS, excluding eﬀect of following:

a. Fair value changes recognised through other comprehensive income;

b. Securitised loans qualifying for de-recognition as per RBI’s “true sale” criteria and related interest

income have not been considered for computation of “average interest charged” in accordance with

the MFIN format. Accordingly, the purchase consideration received towards such securitisations and

related ﬁnance costs have also not been considered for computation of “average eﬀective cost of

borrowings”.

c. Impairment allowance adjusted from the carrying value of loans in accordance with Ind AS 109;

d. Carrying value of loans classiﬁed as Stage III loans (i.e. erstwhile NPA classiﬁcation) as per speciﬁc

communication from RBI.

3. Interest income considered for computation of “average interest charged” excludes loan processing fee

collected from customers in accordance with para 56 (vi) of the RBI Master Directions. As per Ind AS 109,

such loan processing fee forms part of interest income in the Ind AS standalone ﬁnancial statements.

V.

Public disclosure on Liquidity risk management

i.

Funding concentration based on signiﬁcant Counterparty *(both deposits and borrowings)

Number of signiﬁcant counterparties

Amount (Rs. in

Crore)

% of Total

Deposits

% of Total

Liabilities

23

7,477.92

NA

93.56%

ii. Top 20 large deposits amount in Rs. Crore and % of total deposits)- Not applicable.

The Company being a Systemically Important Non-Deposit taking Non-Banking Financial Company

registered with Reserve Bank of India does not accept public deposits.

iii. Top 10 borrowings (amount in Rs. Crore and % of total borrowings)

Amount (Rs in Crore)

% of Total Borrowings

5,722.29

73.15%

iv. Funding concentration based on signiﬁcant instrument / product*

Name of the instrument/ product

Amount (` in Crore) % of Total Liabilities

Term loans from Banks

5,088.21

63.66%

Term Loans from Financial Institutions

1,668.89

20.88%

Non-Convertible debentures

829.08

10.37%

Term Loans from Non-banking Financial Companies

160.85

2.01%:

letter and spirit.

Concentration risk mitigation measures:

 District centric approach.

 District exposure cap.

 Restriction on growth in urban locations.

 Maximum disbursement cap per loan account.

 Maximum loan exposure cap per customer.

 Diversiﬁed funding resources.

Operational & HR Risk mitigation measures:

 Stringent customer enrolment process.

 Multiple products.

 Proper recruitment policy and appraisal system.

 Adequately trained ﬁeld force.

 Weekly & fortnightly collections – higher customer touch, lower amount instalments.

 Multilevel monitoring framework.

 Strong, Independent and fully automated Internal Audit function.

 Strong IT system with access to real time client and loan data.

Liquidity risk mitigation measures:

 Diversiﬁed funding resources.



Asset liability management.

 Eﬀective fund management.

 Maximum cash holding cap.

Expansion risk mitigation measures:

 Contiguous growth.

 District centric approach.

 Rural focus.

 Branch selection based on census data & credit bureau data.

 Three level survey of the location selected.

41.2.

Impairment assessment

The references below show where the Company’s impairment assessment and measurement approach is

set out in this report. It should be read in conjunction with the summary of signiﬁcant accounting policies.

41.2.a. Deﬁnition of default, signiﬁcant increase in credit risk and stage assessment

For the measurement of ECL, Ind AS 109 distinguishes between three impairment stages. All loans need to

be allocated to one of these stages, depending on the increase in credit risk since initial recognition (i. e.

disbursement date):

Stage 1: includes loans for which the credit risk at the reporting date is in line with the credit risk at the initial

recognition (i.e. disbursement date).

Stage 2: includes loans for which the credit risk at reporting date is signiﬁcantly higher than at the risk at the

initial recognition (Signiﬁcant Increase in Credit Risk).:

Managing Director & CEO

M. J. Mahadev Prakash

Diwakar B R

Director-Finance & CFO

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2020

Head - Compliance, Legal & Company Secretary

Place: Bangalore

Date: May 30, 2020:

Managing director of the holding company for the period

from October 2013 to September 2016 is subject to the approval of the Central government. A sum of Rs.132.50 lakhs

(excluding gratuity) had been paid as remuneration to the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

M. J. Mahadev Prakash

Diwakar B R

Director-Finance & CFO

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2020

Head - Compliance, Legal & Company Secretary

Place: Bangalore

Date: May 30, 2020:

Managing Director & CEO

M. J. Mahadev Prakash

Diwakar B R

Director-Finance & CFO:

Managing Director & CEO

M. J. Mahadev Prakash

Diwakar B R

Director-Finance & CFO

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2020

Head - Compliance, Legal & Company Secretary

Place: Bangalore

Date: May 30, 2020:

Managing Director & CEO

M. J. Mahadev Prakash

Diwakar B R

Director-Finance & CFO

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2020

March 31, 2019

Cash ﬂow from operating activities:

Proﬁt before tax

461.60

497.74

Adjustments to reconcile proﬁt before tax to net cash ﬂows:

Interest income on loans

(1,609.79)

(1,154.76)

Income on securitisation (re-recognised on balance sheet)

(23.06)

(55.24)

Depreciation, amortisation and impairment

20.37

7.79

Interest expense on borrowings

568.83

394.30

Interest expenses on ﬁnancial liability towards securitisation (re-recognised on balance sheet)

9.09

18.07

Impairment of ﬁnancial instruments

243.55

73.52

Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment

(0.01)

0.07

Net gain on ﬁnancial instruments at fair value through proﬁt or loss

(19.21)

(10.55)

Share based payments to employees

2.51

4.53

(807.72)

(722.27)

Operational cash ﬂows from interest:

Interest received on loans

1,569.66

1,162.03

Interest received on loans securitised (re-recognised on balance sheet)

23.56

54.71

Interest paid on borrowings

(554.88)

(379.08)

Interest on ﬁnancial liability towards securitisation (re-recognised on balance sheet)

(9.25)

(18.07)

Working capital changes:

Increase in derivative ﬁnancial instruments

1.10

-

Increase in loans

(2,953.54)

(1,602.82)

Decrease / (increase) in securitised assets re-recognised on balance sheet

199.09

(198.12)

Decrease / (increase) in bank balance other than cash and cash equivalents

23.85

(28.78)

(Increase) / decrease in other receivables

(0.13)

5.38

Decrease / (increase) in other ﬁnancial assets

0.30

(34.14)

Increase in other non-ﬁnancial assets

(4.45)

(3.68)

(Decrease) / increase in trade and other payables

(23.34)

68.65

Decrease in other ﬁnancial liabilities

(0.07)

-

Increase in provisions

4.19

3.45

Increase / (decrease) in other non-ﬁnancial liabilities

5.57

(1.04)

(2,747.43)

(1,791.10)

Income tax paid

(164.02)

(182.05)

Net cash ﬂows used in operating activities

(2,228.48)

(1,378.09)

Investing activities

Purchase of property, plant and equipment

(14.40)

(14.69)

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

0.12

0.03

Purchase of Intangible assets

(7.44)

(3.03)

Purchase of investments at fair value through proﬁt and loss

(9,240.63)

(7,056.42)

Sale of investments at fair value through proﬁt and loss

9,285.72

7,066.97

Investment in equity shares of subsidiary

(661.24)

-

Net cash ﬂows used in investing activities

(637.87)

(7.14)

Financing activities

Debt securities issued / (repaid) (net)

71.81

(223.17)

Borrowings other than debt securities issued (net)

3,030.47

1,339.61

Subordinated liabilities repaid (net)

(11.39)

(47.46)

Financial liability towards securitisation (re-recognised on balance sheet) (repaid) / issued (net)

(173.70)

158.84

Proceeds from issuance of equity share capital including securities premium

3.59

630.97

Expenses incurred towards issuance of equity shares

-

(29.86)

Net cash ﬂows from ﬁnancing activities

2,920.78

1,828.93

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents

54.43

443.70

Cash and cash equivalents as at the beginning of the year* (Refer Note 4)

590.44

130.03

Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year (Refer Note 4)

644.87

573.73:

letter and spirit.

Concentration risk mitigation measures:

 District centric approach.

 District exposure cap.

 Restriction on growth in urban locations.

 Maximum disbursement cap per loan account.

 Maximum loan exposure cap per customer.

 Diversiﬁed funding resources.

Operational & HR Risk mitigation measures:

 Stringent customer enrolment process.

 Multiple products.

 Proper recruitment policy and appraisal system.

 Adequately trained ﬁeld force.

 Weekly & fortnightly collections – higher customer touch, lower amount instalments.

 Multilevel monitoring framework.

 Strong, Independent and fully automated Internal Audit function.

 Strong IT system with access to real time client and loan data.

Liquidity risk mitigation measures:

 Diversiﬁed funding resources.



Asset liability management.

 Eﬀective fund management.

 Maximum cash holding cap.

Expansion risk mitigation measures:

 Contiguous growth.

 District centric approach.

 Rural focus.

 Branch selection based on census data & credit bureau data.

 Three level survey of the location selected.

40.2.

Impairment assessment

The references below show where the Group's impairment assessment and measurement approach is set

out in this report. It should be read in conjunction with the summary of signiﬁcant accounting policies.

40.2.a. Deﬁnition of default, signiﬁcant increase in credit risk and stage assessment

For the measurement of ECL, Ind AS 109 distinguishes between three impairment stages. All loans need to

be allocated to one of these stages, depending on the increase in credit risk since initial recognition (i.e.

disbursement date):

Stage 1: includes loans for which the credit risk at the reporting date is in line with the credit risk at the initial

recognition (i.e. disbursement date).

Stage 2: includes loans for which the credit risk at reporting date is signiﬁcantly higher than at the risk at the

initial recognition (Signiﬁcant Increase in Credit Risk).:

Managing Director of MMFL for the period

Oct 2013 to Sep 2016 is pending with the Central Government for approval. MMFL has furnished all the

necessary documents/clariﬁcations in this regard to the Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs (MCA). During this

period an amount of Rs. 1.32 crores excluding gratuity was paid to Ms. Tara Thiagarajan as remuneration.

The outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic has created a technical delay for obtaining the approval order from

MCA. However, MMFL is conﬁdent of getting the approval at earliest based on the recent communication

from MCA.

44.

EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS)

The following reﬂects the proﬁt / loss after tax and equity share data used in the basic and diluted EPS

calculations:

Particulars

March 31, 2020 March 31, 2019

Net proﬁt/ (loss) after tax as per statement of proﬁt and loss (Rs. in

crores)

333.55

321.76

Net proﬁt/ (loss) as above for calculation of basic EPS and diluted EPS

(Rs. in crores)

333.55

321.76

Net proﬁt/ (loss) for calculation of diluted EPS (Rs. in crores)

333.55

321.76

Weighted average number of equity shares in calculating basic EPS

143,765,813

137,706,065

Stock options granted under ESOP

1,228,624

1,312,700

Weighted average number of equity shares in calculating dilutive EPS

144,994,437

139,018,765

Earnings per share

23.20

23.37

Dilutive earnings per share

#

23.00

23.14

Nominal value per share

10.00

10.00

As per our report of even date

For S.R. BATLIBOI & CO. LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm's Registration Number: 301003E/E300005

For and on behalf of Board of Directors of

CreditAccess Grameen Limited

per Shrawan Jalan

Partner

Membership No. 102102

Udaya Kumar Hebbar: Managing

Letter of Authorization

MFI – Microﬁnance Institutions

MD –: Managing

