letter dated July 18, 2020, regarding convening of the

Twentieth Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Members of the Company to be held

on Thursday, August 13, 2020 at 2:00 p.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) /

Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”).

Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill and Regulation 34 of the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (“Listing Regulations”), we enclose herewith the Notice of Twentieth AGM, Annual

Report and Business Responsibility Report of the Company for FY2020. The same is also

being sent today through electronic mode to those Members whose email addresses are

registered with the Company/Depository Participant(s).

The Notice of AGM, Annual Report and Business Responsibility Report have also been

hosted on the website of the Company at www.icicilombard.com.

The brief details of the Ordinary and Special Business to be transacted at the AGM are

given in Annexure.

You are requested to kindly take the same on records.

Thanking you,

Yours Sincerely,

For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited

Vikas Mehra

Company Secretary

Encl: As above

Vikas

Mehra

Digitally signed by

Vikas Mehra

Date: 2020.07.20

22:15:47 +05'30':

Managing Director & CEO of the Company for

FY2021.

Ordinary

6.

Remuneration payable to Mr. Alok Kumar Agarwal (DIN:

03434304), Whole-time Director designated as Executive

Director-Wholesale of the Company for FY2021.

Ordinary

7.

Remuneration payable to Mr. Sanjeev Mantri (DIN: 07192264),

Whole-time Director designated as Executive Director-Retail of

the Company for FY2021.

Ordinary:

Managing Director & CEO of the

Company

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, the following

Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT subject to the applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Insurance

Act, 1938, Guidelines issued by Insurance Regulatory

and Development Authority of India (“IRDAI”) from

time to time, provisions of the Articles of Association

of the Company and subject to the approval of IRDAI,

consent of the Members of the Company be and is

hereby accorded for payment of remuneration to

Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta (DIN: 00047728), Managing

Director & CEO of the Company, for FY2021 as under:

a. Salary:

` 2,038,920/- per month.

b. Allowances:

` 1,628,303/- per month (inclusive of header for

any allowances, monetised value of benefits

delivered to the employee. Illustrative list of

contents of allowances basket would include

HRA, LTA, conveyance, supplementary pay,

personal pay etc.)

c. Perquisites:

Perquisites includes cost of Company car

of ` 1 crore for a period of 5 years as per the

eligibility in line with the Group Scheme, fuelled

& maintained by the Company and Company

provided driver, membership (including one –

time admission fee) of two clubs of ` 20 lacs,

group life insurance of ` 7.5 crores, accident

Insurance of ` 15 crores, medical reimbursement

up to ` 75,000 per annum, out of which ` 15,000

is included in the above allowances, for self,

spouse, dependent parents & two dependent

children, medical insurance of ` 4 lacs covering

self, spouse, dependent children & dependent

parents, soft furnishing of ` 25 lacs for a period

of 5 years, reimbursement of home phone,

internet usage charges, electricity and water bill

reimbursement up to ` 360,000 per annum, gas

up to ` 3,600 per annum, children’s scholarship

as per Employee’s Children Scholarship Scheme,

leaves as per the Company rules. Interest

subsidy at 5% per annum on home loan (up to

a maximum loan value of ` 80,000,000) under

the Interest Subsidy Scheme. Post Retirement

Group Health Insurance of ` 12 lacs per annum

with floater amount of ` 36 lacs in a block of 3

years and transportation to home town.

d. Retirals:

` 414,512/- per month (includes Provident Fund

and Gratuity).

e. Bonus:

An amount up to 70% of his annual basic

and allowances (i.e. ` 30,804,673), as may

be determined by the Board. If the bonus, as

determined, exceeds 50% of fixed salary then

60% of the bonus will be paid upfront and the

balance 40% would be equally deferred over

3 years.

f.

Stock Options of ICICI Lombard General

Insurance Company Limited:

Grant of 246,000 Stock Options of the Company

vesting over three years, in proportions of 30%-

30%-40% starting one year from the date of

grant of Stock Options for FY2021.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors

of

the

Company,

including

any

Committee

thereof, be and are hereby authorised from time

to time to determine or revise the amount of

salary, remuneration, including perquisites, stock

options, and other benefits, as may be agreed with

Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta and as approved by the IRDAI,

as applicable.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the other terms of

employment of Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta to the extent

not amended or modified herein shall remain

unchanged and further the Board of Directors of the

Company including any Committee thereof as may

be authorised, be and are hereby authorised to do all

such acts, deeds, matters and things, as they may

consider necessary, expedient or desirable for giving

effect to this resolution.”:

letter to the Scrutinizer by sending an email at

info@mehta-mehta.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in by quoting the DP Id and Client Id

or folio number.

6.

THE COMPANY’S REGISTRAR & TRANSFER AGENT

FOR ITS SHARE REGISTRY (BOTH, PHYSICAL

AS WELL AS ELECTRONIC) IS KFIN TECHNOLOGIES

PRIVATE

LIMITED

(FORMERLY

KNOWN

AS

KARVY FINTECH PRIVATE LIMITED) (“KFINTECH/

REGISTRAR/RTA”)

HAVING

ITS

OFFICE

AT

SELENIUM TOWER B, PLOT NO. 31-32, GACHIBOWLI,

FINANCIAL

DISTRICT,

NANAKRAMGUDA,

HYDERABAD- 500 032, UNIT: ICICI LOMBARD

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED.

7.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India has

mandated the submission of Permanent Account

Number (“PAN”) by every participant in securities

market. Members holding shares in electronic mode

are, therefore, requested to submit their PAN to their

Depository Participants (“DPs”) with whom they are

maintaining their demat accounts. Members holding

shares in physical mode can submit their PAN to

KFINTECH at the aforementioned address.

8.

As per Regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations,

as amended, securities of listed companies

can be transferred only in dematerialised form

with effect from April 1, 2019, except in case of

request received for transmission or transposition:

letter of appointment of Mr. Murali

Sivaraman as Non-executive, Independent Director

setting out the terms and conditions is available for

inspection through electronic mode, basis the request

being sent on investors@icicilombard.com.

Pursuant to Regulation 36 of Listing Regulations and

Secretarial Standard-2 on General Meetings, issued by

the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, details of

Mr. Murali Sivaraman are provided in the Annexure - I to

this Notice.

Except Mr. Murali Sivaraman, being appointee, and his

relatives, none of the Directors and Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company and their relatives are

concerned or interested financially or otherwise, in the

resolution set out at Item No. 4.

The Board recommends the resolution at Item No. 4 of

the accompanying Notice to be passed by the Members

of the Company as an Ordinary Resolution.

Item No. 5

The Members of the Company by Resolution passed

through Postal Ballot on March 7, 2019 and Insurance

Regulatory and Development Authority of India (“IRDAI”)

in terms of Section 34A of the Insurance Act, 1938 had

approved the re-appointment of Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta

(DIN: 00047728) as: Managing

Managing Director &

CEO of the Company for a period of five

(5) years effective from May 1, 2019.

Re-appointed as a Whole-time Director

designated

as

Executive

Director-

Wholesale for a period of five (5) years

with effect from January 19, 2016.

Date of first appointment on

the Board

May 1, 2009

January 19, 2011

Shareholding in the Company

(as on March 31, 2020)

375,508 Equity Shares

624,000 Equity Shares

Relationship

with

other

Directors,

Managers

and

other

Key

Managerial

Personnel of the Company

None

None

No.

of

Board

Meetings

attended/ held during the year

6/6

6/6

Other Directorships

BFSI Sector Skill Council of India

NIL

Membership/

Chairmanship

of

Committees

of

other

Boards in which position of

Director held

NIL

NIL

ANNEXURE II:

Managing Director and CEO 14 | Board of Directors 16 | Leadership Team 18

Corporate Information 19

Integrated Reporting

Delivering Sustainable Value 20 | Our Business Model 22 | Our Operating Environment 26

Focusing on our Strategies 28 | Engaging with our Stakeholders 32 | Addressing Material Issues 34

Enterprise Risk Management - Framework & Approach 36 | Risk Management for COVID-19 40

Reserving Disclosures 44 | Business Segment Review 48 | Harnessing Our Employee Potential 65

Towards Inclusive Growth 69

ESG Reporting

Our Approach to ESG 73 | Message from the CFO 76 | Contributing to Sustainable Development Goals 77

Environment 79 | Social 83 | Governance 93

02-98

Financial Statements

Management Report 171 | Independent Auditors’ Report 180 | Independent Auditors’ Certificate 188

Balance Sheet 190 | Profit and Loss Account 191 | Revenue Account 192 | Schedules 194

Receipts & Payment Account 256 | Glossary 258

171-265

Statutory Reports

Directors’ Report 100

Corporate Governance Report 107

Secretarial Auditors’ Report 142

Management’s Discussion and Analysis Report 157

100-170:

Managing Director and CEO

Dear Shareholder,

I am writing to you this year amidst extraordinary

circumstances. COVID-19 has impacted individual lives and

businesses across the world. Our thoughts and prayers are

with everyone affected by the virus.

The current pandemic has redefined the idea of ‘risk’ – in

terms of public health, economic uncertainty and business

continuity. At ICICI Lombard, even as we grapple with its

effects, we continue to prioritise customers’ needs while

meeting the requirements of our diverse set of stakeholders,

with particular emphasis on employee safety. Since our

inception in 2001, we have consistently focused on being a

customer-centric organisation and have gone the extra mile

to support our policyholders in their hour of need. In these

challenging times, we have further increased our efforts

to serve our customers, demonstrating our brand ethos of

‘Nibhaye Vaade’.

In the current crisis, we took several steps to benefit our

customers. We ensured service continuity by harnessing a

host of technology solutions, that we have been investing

in, for over a decade. Empowered by these digital solutions,

our customers could experience the entire insurance

process digitally – from purchase to policy servicing, claims

and renewal – in a contactless and safe manner. Right at

the purchase stage, we offered multiple options to them

for transacting through web, mobile apps, etc. Today,

about 96.5% of the policies issued by us are in paperless

form. For claims settlement, we provided many digital

solutions to ensure quick processing. To give an example,

we used InstaSpect for contactless, real-time motor own

damage claims approval. Since its inception in 2017, we

have approved more than 6.5 lakh claims instantly using

InstaSpect. During the lockdown, our claim managers

conducted damage assessment of 100% of the cases

using InstaSpect, while working from home. On the health

insurance front, we had introduced an AI-enabled claim

settlement engine to authorise some of the health claims.

During the lockdown months of April and May, 31% of all our

health cashless claims were authorised using this tool.

In order to address customers’ health risks in these

challenging times, we introduced COVID-19 Protection

Cover, a dedicated product that provides 100% of the sum

insured on the first diagnosis of the virus infection. Amidst

this lockdown, obtaining medical advice became a huge

challenge. We introduced a teleconsult feature on our mobile

app, IL Take Care, by harnessing our network relationship and

technological prowess. With this, our customers could benefit

from expert medical advice during lockdown from the safe

environment of their homes.

There were other customer-focused initiatives that we took

during the year, especially on the risk management front. We

further harnessed our technology prowess by embracing

Internet of Things (IoT) technology in applications such as

fire hydrant systems. We also invested in drone-based

surveys for remote risk assessment, which came handy

during the lockdown.

While our key emphasis was to fully support our customers

during these times, we also ensured the safety and well-being

of our employees. We equipped them with the requisite

technological tools to work from home. We also utilised this

time to upskill them by way of various video and e-learning

modules to hone their skills.

In addition, to help them meet their financial obligations on

time, we ensured that their salaries were paid before the

month ended. At this juncture, I would like to acknowledge

and thank our employees for their dedication and

commitment in serving our customers during the lockdown.

Our distribution network forms a key component of our

competitive strength. Over the years, we have been investing

in scaling up our distribution channels and deploying

technology solutions to equip them with the right tools to

conduct business efficiently. To help them in their efforts

during this period, we enhanced some of these capabilities

and conducted a number of virtual training sessions. Our first

ever acquisition in the form of Unbox Technologies Ltd. during

the fiscal year made a significant difference in this regard. The

‘Autoninja’ platform obtained as part of the deal enabled us to

offer automated customer relationship management solutions

to our distribution partners during these challenging times.

When it comes to our business performance, our

endeavour has always been to create long-term sustainable

value. In FY2020, we continued to deliver results in that

direction. Our Gross Domestic Premium Income (GDPI) rose

to ` 133.02 billion (excluding crop insurance), registering a

growth of 10.5% over FY2019. If we include crop insurance,

our GDPI stood at ` 133.13 billion in FY2020 compared to

` 144.88 billion in FY2019, a de-growth of 8.1%. The reason

we did not underwrite crop insurance in FY2020 was primarily

due to changes in reinsurance terms which have adversely

impacted the ability to produce consistent and sustainable

underwriting performance over the medium term. Our Profit

After Tax (PAT) for the year increased to ` 11.94 billion,

registering a growth of 13.8%. Return on Average Equity

(ROE) remained above 20% mark, coming in at 20.8%

in FY2020. Solvency ratio was at 2.17x, higher than the

minimum regulatory requirement of 1.50x.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited

14

Corporate Overview

02-98

Statutory Reports

100-170

Financial Statements

171-265:

Managing Director & CEO

6.5 lakh

claims settled

through

InstaSpect

We are consistently

focused on being

a customer-centric

organisation and

have gone the extra

mile to support

our policyholders

in their hour

of need

Annual Report 2019-20

15:

Managing Director & CEO

Annual Report 2019-20

17:

Managing Director & CEO

Gopal Balachandran

Chief Financial Officer &

Chief Risk Officer

Vinod Mahajan

Chief Investment Officer

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director - Wholesale

Lokanath Kar

Chief Legal &

Compliance Officer

Girish Nayak

Chief Customer Service,

Technology & Operations

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director - Retail

Jerry Jose

Head - Human Resources

Sanjay Datta

Chief Underwriting,

Reinsurance & Claim

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited

18

Corporate Overview

02-98

Statutory Reports

100-170

Financial Statements

171-265:

Managing Director & CEO

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director - Wholesale

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director - Retail

BOARD NOMINATION &

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Uday Chitale

Chairman

Lalita D. Gupte

Ashvin Parekh

Vishakha Mulye

AUDIT COMMITTEE

Ashvin Parekh

Chairman

Uday Chitale

Lalita D. Gupte

Murali Sivaraman

Sandeep Batra

INVESTMENT COMMITTEE

Suresh Kumar

Chairman

Sandeep Batra

Bhargav Dasgupta

Vinod Mahajan

Gopal Balachandran

RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

Lalita D. Gupte

Chairperson

Ved Prakash Chaturvedi

Uday Chitale

Suresh Kumar

Ashvin Parekh

Sandeep Batra

Bhargav Dasgupta

POLICYHOLDERS PROTECTION

COMMITTEE

Ashvin Parekh

Chairman

Ved Prakash Chaturvedi

Uday Chitale

Murali Sivaraman

Bhargav Dasgupta

CORPORATE SOCIAL

RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE

Uday Chitale

Chairman

Ved Prakash Chaturvedi

Murali Sivaraman

Bhargav Dasgupta

STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP

COMMITTEE

Suresh Kumar

Chairman

Ved Prakash Chaturvedi

Bhargav Dasgupta

Sanjeev Mantri

STRATEGY COMMITTEE

Uday Chitale

Chairman

Ashvin Parekh

Vishakha Mulye

Bhargav Dasgupta

STATUTORY AUDITORS

Chaturvedi & Co.

Chartered Accountants

PKF Sridhar & Santhanam LLP

Chartered Accountants

SECRETARIAL AUDITORS

Dholakia & Associates LLP

COMPANY SECRETARY

Vikas Mehra

Annual Report 2019-20

19:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer (“CEO”). Lalita D. Gupte is a Non-

executive, Chairperson of the Company.

None of the Directors of the Company are disqualified

from being appointed as Directors as specified in Section

164(2) of the Act. Further, all the Directors of the Company

has confirmed that they fulfill the criteria of ‘Fit and

Proper’ as laid down under the Corporate Governance

Guidelines of IRDAI.

Changes in composition of the Board of Directors of the

Company during the year are as follows:

Name of Director

Resignation/

Appointment

With effect

from

Ashvin Parekh#

Re-appointment

April 18, 2019

Bhargav Dasgupta$

Re-appointment

May 1, 2019

Vishal Mahadevia

Resignation

July 16, 2019

Murali Sivaraman*

Appointment

January 17,

2020

#

Ashvin Parekh (DIN:06559989) was re-appointed as Non-executive,

Independent Director of the Company for a second term of five (5)

consecutive years upto April 17, 2024.

$

Bhargav Dasgupta (DIN:00047728) was re-appointed as Managing

Director and CEO of the Company for a period of five (5) years

upto April 30, 2024.

*

Murali Sivaraman (DIN:01461231), basis recommendation of the

Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee, was appointed

as an Additional Director in the category of Non-executive,

Independent Director for a period of five (5) consecutive years

upto January 16, 2025. The resolution seeking Members’ approval

for his appointment forms part of the Annual General Meeting

(“AGM”) Notice.

In the opinion of the Board, Murali Sivaraman has

necessary integrity, expertise and experience (including

proficiency) required for appointment as an Independent

Director of the Company.

Further, the Board of Directors at their Meeting held on

January 17, 2020, approved re-appointment of Sanjeev

Mantri (DIN:07192264) as a Whole-time Director,

designated as Executive Director - Retail of the Company

for a period of five (5) years, effective from May 2, 2020.

The said re-appointment was subsequently approved by

the Members of the Company on March 15, 2020 by an

ordinary resolution passed through Postal Ballot and by

IRDAI vide its: letter dated April 30, 2020.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Act, the

Key Managerial Personnel (“KMP”) of the Company as on

March 31, 2020 are as below:

1.

Bhargav Dasgupta, Managing

letter dated March 15, 2019, which was approved

by IRDAI on May 2, 2019. The Company had already

received approval from IRDAI for continuation of

appointment of Uday Chitale and Vishakha Mulye as

common Directors on the Board of ICICI Bank Limited

in the previous year.

Independent Directors

All Independent Directors of the Company have given

declarations that they meet the criteria of independence

as laid down under Section 149(6) & (7) of the Act,

the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of

Directors) Rules, 2014 as amended from time to time

and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”).

All the Independent Directors of the Company have

also confirmed that they have complied with Schedule

IV of the Act and the Company’s Employees Code

of Conduct.

Retirement by rotation

In terms of Section 152 of the Act, Alok Kumar Agarwal,

Executive Director - Wholesale (DIN: 03434304), would

retire by rotation at the forthcoming AGM and being

eligible for re-appointment, he has offered himself

for re-appointment. A resolution seeking Members’

approval for his re-appointment forms part of the

AGM Notice.

Performance Evaluation of Board, Committees and

Directors

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, Guidelines for

insurance companies issued by IRDAI and Listing

Regulations, an annual performance evaluation has

been carried out of Board as a whole and that of its

committees and of its individual Directors both Executive

and Non-executive including Independent Directors and

of its Chairperson. The manner in which the evaluation

has been carried out has been explained in the Corporate

Governance Report.

Criteria for appointment of Director and Key Managerial

Personnel

The Company has Board approved criteria for appointment

of a Director, key managerial personnel and officials who

may be appointed in senior management (“Criteria for

appointment of senior management personnel”) and Policy

on appointment and compensation of employees and

framework for remuneration to Non-executive Directors

of the Company in compliance with the requirements as

prescribed under the Act. The Criteria for appointment of

senior management personnel is hosted on the website

of the Company and can be viewed at:

https://www.icicilombard.com/docs/default-source/

policies-of-the-company/criteria-for-appointment-of-a-

director-key-managerial-personnel-and-officials-who-

may-be-appointed-in-senior-management.pdf

Also, the Policy on appointment and compensation of

employees and framework for remuneration to non-

executive directors of the Company is available on the

website of the Company and can be viewed at:

https://www.icicilombard.com/docs/default-source/policies-

of-the-company/policy-on-appointment-and-compensation-

of-employees-and-framework-for-remuneration-to-non-

executive-directors.pdf

DEPOSITS

During the year under review, the Company has not

accepted any deposits under Section 73 of the Act.

AUDITORS

Statutory Auditors

IRDAI vide its circular dated May 18, 2016, had issued

Corporate Governance Guidelines wherein criteria for

Directors’ Report (Contd.):

Managing Director & CEO, Executive Directors,

Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk Officer and other

Senior Management members participate in structured

conference calls and periodic investor/analyst interactions

including one-on-one meeting, investor conferences

and quarterly earnings calls. The Company conducted

359 meetings with Indian and overseas investors and

analysts (excluding quarterly earnings calls) during the

financial year.

The Company ensures that financial information of

the Company is available to all the stakeholders

by uploading it on the Company’s website. The

financial information includes Financial Statements,

Press Releases, Investor Presentations, Earnings call

transcripts and Annual Report etc.

EVENTS AFTER BALANCE SHEET DATE

There have been no material changes and commitments,

affecting the financial position of the Company, which

have occurred between the end of the financial year of

the Company to which the balance sheet relates and the

date of this report.

Directors’ Report (Contd.):

Managing Director

& CEO regarding compliance with the Code by all the

Directors and Senior Management forms part of this

Annual Report.

CERTIFICATE ON COMPLIANCE WITH THE

CONDITIONS OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of

the Listing Regulations, Certificate from the Statutory

Auditors on compliance with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations forms

part of this report as Annexure E

CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION

Pursuant to Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations,

Certification by the: Managing

letter dated April 30, 2020 approved the same.

Composition of the Board of Directors of the Company:

Name of the Director

Category

Qualification

Field of Specialisation/

Existing skills/expertise/

competence

Lalita D. Gupte

(DIN: 00043559)

Chairperson,

Non-executive, Independent

Director

BA (Eco Hons),

Master of Management Studies

(MMS)

Banking & Finance

Ved Prakash Chaturvedi

(DIN: 00030839)

Non-executive, Independent

Director

B. E. (Electronics & Power),

PGDM- IIM Bangalore

Finance & Investment

Uday Chitale

(DIN: 00043268)

Non-executive, Independent

Director

B. Com,

Fellow Chartered Accountant

Finance, Accounts

& Alternate Dispute

Resolution (ADR) specialist

Suresh Kumar

(DIN: 00494479)

Non-executive, Independent

Director

B. Com (Hons.), Post Graduation

- Investment Management

Programme, Stanford University

and London School of Business,

Advance Management - Columbia

Business School

Banking & Finance

Ashvin Parekh

(DIN: 06559989)

Non-executive, Independent

Director

Fellow Chartered Accountant,

AICWA, AICSA, Exec. MBA-INSEAD

Business strategy,

Corporate planning &

Business transformation

across various industries

Murali Sivaraman1

(DIN:01461231)

Additional Non-executive,

Independent Director

B. Com,

Chartered Accountant,

Cost and Work Accountant,

PGDM- IIM Ahmedabad

Finance, Management,

Strategy, Marketing, Brand

& Channels

Vishakha Mulye

(DIN: 00203578)

Non-executive,

Non-independent Director

B.Com, Chartered Accountant

Banking, Investments &

Finance

Sandeep Batra

(DIN: 03620913)

Non-executive,

Non-independent Director

B.Com, Fellow Chartered

Accountant, Associate Company

Secretary

Banking, Insurance &

Financial Services

Bhargav Dasgupta

(DIN:00047728): Managing

letter dated May 2, 2019 had advised Vishal Mahadevia to retain directorship either of the Company or

of the insurance intermediary.

The Company had received a: letter from Vishal Mahadevia wherein he had communicated his option to continue as a

letter of appointment to Director

which, inter alia, explains role, functions, duties and

responsibilities of the Director.

The programme helps the Director to understand the

Company, its business and the regulatory framework

in which the Company operates and equips Director to

effectively fulfill their role.

During the year, Non-executive, Independent Directors

attended the two days orientation programme organised

by IRDAI in collaboration with National Insurance

Academy in Pune on the matters pertaining to the General

Insurance Industry.

ii)

Audit Committee

Terms of reference

(i) Accounts and Audit:

•

Oversee the financial statements, financial

reporting process under Indian GAAP and US

GAAP, statement of cash flow and disclosure

of its financial information, both on an

annual and quarterly basis, to ensure that

the financial statement is correct, sufficient

and credible.

•

Recommend the appointment, re-appointment,

terms of appointment and, if required, the

replacement

or

removal;

remuneration,

reviewing (with management) performance, and

oversight of the work of the auditors (internal/

statutory/concurrent) and to review and monitor

the auditor’s independence and performance,

and effectiveness of audit process.

•

Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk

management systems.

•

Discuss with the statutory auditors before the

audit commences, about the nature and scope

of audit, as well as, have post-audit discussions

to address areas of concern.

•

Approval of payment to statutory auditors and

internal auditors or any of its associated persons

or companies, for any other services rendered

by them.

•

Reviewing, with the management, the annual

financial statements and auditor’s report thereon

before submission to the Board for approval,

with particular reference to:



Matters required to be included in the

director’s responsibility statement to be

included in the board’s report in terms of

clause (c) of sub-section (3) of Section 134

of the Companies Act, 2013.



Changes, if any, in accounting policies and

practices and reasons for the same.

Directors’ Report (Contd.):

letter

dated December 26, 2019 had approved the same.:

letter.

5

Appointed as an Additional Director in the category of Non-

executive, Independent Director of the Company w.e.f.

January 17, 2020.

Directors’ Report (Contd.):

Managing Director/

Chief Executive Officer/Whole-time Directors of

Insurers (“IRDAI Guidelines”) issued vide reference

no. IRDA/F&A/GDL/LSTD/155/08/2016 dated August

5, 2016 requires the Company to make the following

disclosures on remuneration on an annual basis in

the Annual Report:

Compensation Policy and Practices

(i) Qualitative Disclosures

A. Information relating to the design and

structure of remuneration processes

1.

Key features and objectives of Remuneration

Policy

The Company has under the guidance of

the Board and the Board Nomination and

Remuneration Committee (“BNRC/Committee”),

follows compensation practices intended to

drive meritocracy and fairness.

The twin pillars of performance management

and talent management system are closely

intertwined with the compensation, benefits and

reward mechanism of the Company. While the

Company strives to ensure internal and external

equity that are consistent with emerging market

trends, its business model and affordability based

on business performance sets the overarching

boundary conditions. This approach has been

incorporated in the Compensation Policy, the key

elements of which are given below:

a.

Effective governance of compensation:

The BNRC has oversight over compensation.

The Committee defines Key Performance

Indicators (KPIs) for Whole-time Directors and

the organisational performance norms for

bonus based on the financial and strategic plan

approved by the Board. The KPIs include both

quantitative and qualitative aspects. The BNRC

assesses organisational performance as well

as the individual performance for Whole-time

Directors. Based on its assessment, it makes

recommendations to the Board regarding

compensation

for

Whole-time

Directors

and bonus for employees, including senior

management and key management persons.

b.

Alignment of compensation philosophy with

prudent risk taking:

The Company seeks to achieve a prudent

mix of fixed and variable pay, with a higher

proportion of variable pay at senior levels and no

guaranteed bonuses. Compensation is sought

to be aligned to both financial and non-financial

indicators of performance including aspects

like risk management and customer service. In

addition, the Company has an employees stock

option scheme aimed at aligning compensation

to long term performance through stock option

grants that vest over a period of time to senior

management

and

Whole-time

Directors.

Compensation to staff in financial and risk control

functions is independent of the business areas

they oversee and depends on their performance

assessment.

2.

Whether the Remuneration Committee reviewed

the firm’s remuneration policy during the past

year, and if so, an overview of any changes that

were made.

The Company’s Remuneration Policy was

reviewed by the BNRC and the Board on April

18, 2019. There were no changes made in

Remuneration Policy.

3.

Discussion of how the Company ensures that

risk and compliance employees are remunerated

independently of the businesses they oversee.

The compensation of staff engaged in control

functions like risk and compliance depends

on their performance, which is based on

achievement of the key results of their respective

functions. Their goal sheets do not include any

business targets.:

Managing Director & CEO)

The following table sets forth, for the period indicated, the details of quantitative disclosure for remuneration

of Whole-time Directors including: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Mumbai

DIN: 00047728:

Managing Director & CEO

98:1

Alok Kumar Agarwal, Executive Director

56:1

Sanjeev Mantri, Executive Director

61:1

(ii) The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer,

Company Secretary or Manager;

The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company

Secretary ranged between 5% and 10%.

(iii) The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year;

The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employee in the last financial year was 5%.

(iv) The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company;

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on March 31, 2020 were 8996.

(v) Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel

in the last financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and

justification thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial

remuneration;

The average percentile increase in the salaries of employees other than the Key Managerial Personnel in the last

financial year was 8%, while the average percentile increase in the salaries of the Key Managerial Personnel in the

last financial year was in the range of 5% to 10%.

(vi) Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company

Yes

Lalita D. Gupte

Mumbai

Chairperson

May 2, 2020

DIN: 00043559

Annexure B:

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager:

(` in lacs)

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Bhargav

Dasgupta,

Managing

Director &

CEO

Alok Kumar

Agarwal,

Executive

Director-

Wholesale

Sanjeev

Mantri,

Executive

Director-

Retail

Total

Amount

1

Gross salary

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in

Section 17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

668.89

372.81

404.09

1,445.79

(b) Value of perquisites under Section 17(2)

of the Income-tax Act, 1961

1.68

11.56

14.11

27.35

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under Section

17(3) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

-

-

-

-

2

Stock Options#

-

929.35

-

929.35

3

Sweat Equity

-

-

-

-

4

Commission

-

-

-

-

as % of profit

-

-

-

-

-

others, specify…

-

-

-

-

5

Others - Retirals (PF)

29.36

13.53

15.66

58.55

Total (A)

699.92

1,327.26

433.87

2,461.05

#

Perquisite value of the stock options exercised

Provisions towards gratuity leave accrued and long term performance pay are determined actuarially on an overall basis and accordingly have

not been considered for the above disclosure.

B. Remuneration to other Directors :

1.

Non-executive, Independent Directors

(` in lacs)

Sr.

No.

Particulars of

Remuneration

Name of Director

Lalita D.

Gupte

Ved Prakash

Chaturvedi

Uday

Chitale@

Suresh

Kumar

Vishal

Mahadevia*

Ashvin

Parekh@

Murali

Sivaraman#

1

Fee for

attending Board/

Committee

Meetings

12.70

9.30

15.10

8.90

1.60

14.50

-

2

Commission$

10.00

10.00

10.00

10.00

-

10.00

2.05

3

Others, please

specify

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Total B (1)

22.70

19.30

25.10

18.90

1.60

24.50

2.05

*

Ceased to be Non-executive, Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. July 16, 2019

#

Appointed as an Additional Director in the category of Non-executive, Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. January 17, 2020

$

Profit-related Commission for FY2020 will be paid in FY2021.

@

Being Common Directors, as per IRDAI guidelines profit-related commission is subject to approval of IRDAI.:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company, and is chaired by an Non-executive, Independent

Director. The composition of the Committee is set out below:

Uday Chitale, Chairman (Non-executive, Independent Director)

Ved Prakash Chaturvedi (Non-executive, Independent Director)

Murali Sivaraman (Additional Non-executive, Independent Director)

Bhargav Dasgupta (: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00047728

Uday Chitale

CSR Committee Chairman

DIN: 00043268

May 2, 2020

Mumbai:

letter dated 15 June 2019.

2

We have examined the compliance of conditions of

Corporate Governance by ICICI Lombard General

Insurance Company Limited (‘the Company’) for the

period 1st April, 2019 to 31st March, 2020, as stipulated

in Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation

46(2), and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V

of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’).

Management’s Responsibility

3

The compliance of Corporate Governance is the

responsibility of the management. This responsibility

includes the designing, implementing and maintaining

operating effectiveness of internal control to ensure

compliance with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing

Regulations, our responsibility is to express an

opinion as to whether the company has complied with

the conditions of Corporate Governance as stated

in paragraph 2 above. Our responsibility is limited

to examining the procedures and implementation

thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the

compliance with conditions of Corporate Governance.

It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on

the financial statements of the Company.

5

We have examined the relevant records of the

Company

in

accordance

with

the

applicable

Generally Accepted Auditing Standards in India,

the Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate

Governance issued by the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India (‘ICAI’) and the Guidance Note

on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes

issued by the ICAI which requires that we comply

with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics

issued by the ICAI.

Annexure E

6

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control

(SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits

and Reviews of Historical Financial information,

and

Other

Assurance

and

Related

Services

Engagements.

Opinion

7

Based on the procedures performed by us and to

the best of our information and according to the

explanations provided to us, in our opinion, the

Company has complied, in all material respects, with

the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated

in the Listing Regulations.

8

We state that such compliance is neither an

assurance as to the future viability of the Company

nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

Restriction on use

9

This certificate is provided to Board of Directors of

the Company solely for the purpose of complying

with the aforesaid Regulations and may not

be suitable for any other purpose. We have no

responsibility to update this certificate for events

and circumstances occurring after the date of this

certificate. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume

any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose

or to any other person to whom this report is shown

or into whose hands it may come without our prior

consent in writing.

For Chaturvedi & Co.

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration

No. 302137E

S. N. Chaturvedi

Partner

Membership No. 040479

UDIN: 20040479AAAACB2633

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 2, 2020

For PKF Sridhar & Santhanam LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration

No. 003990S/S200018

R. Suriyanarayanan

Partner

Membership No. 201402

UDIN: 20201402AAAAAP5716

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director & CEO

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director

Executive Director

Vikas Mehra

Gopal Balachandran

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, May 2, 2020:

letter dated June 15, 2019

with ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company

Limited (the “Company”), wherein we are requested

to issue certificate for compliance with the provisions

of paragraphs 3 and 4 of Schedule C of the Insurance

Regulatory and Development Authority (Preparation of

Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report of Insurance

Companies) Regulations 2002, (the “IRDAI Financial

Statement Regulations”) read with regulation 3 of the

Regulations.

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for

complying with the provisions of The Insurance Act,

1938 (amended by the Insurance Laws (Amendment)

Act 2015) (the “Insurance Act”), the Insurance Regulatory

and Development Authority Act, 1999 (the “IRDA Act”),

the IRDA Financial Statements Regulations, orders/

directions issued by the Insurance Regulatory and

Development Authority of India (the “IRDAI”) which

includes the preparation of the Management Report.

This includes collecting, collating and validating data

and designing, implementing and monitoring of internal

controls suitable for ensuring compliance as aforesaid.

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY

Pursuant to the requirements, it is our responsibility to

obtain reasonable assurance and form an opinion based

on our audit and examination of books and records as

to whether the Company has complied with the matters

contained in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Schedule C, read

with Regulation 3, to the IRDAI Financial Statement

Regulations.

We have audited the financial statements of the Company

as of and for the financial year ended 31st March 2020 on

which we have issued an unmodified audit opinion vide

our report dated May 2, 2020. Our audit of these financial

statements was conducted in accordance with the

Standards on Auditing and other applicable authoritative

pronouncements issued by the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India (‘ICAI’). Those standards require

that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable

assurance about whether the financial statements are

free of material misstatement. Our audit was not planned

and performed in connection with any transactions to

identify matters that may be of potential interest to third

parties.

We conducted our examination in accordance with the

Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special

Purposes (Revised 2016) (the ‘Guidance Note’) issued by

the ICAI, which include the concepts of test checks and

materiality.

The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the

independence and other ethical requirements of the

Code of ethics issued by the ICAI. We have complied

with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard

on Quality Control (‘SQC’) 1, Quality Control for Firms

that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial

Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services

engagements.

OPINION

In accordance with information and explanations given

to us and to the best of our knowledge and belief and

based on our examination of the books of account and

other records maintained by the Company for the year

ended 31st March 2020, we certify that:

1.

We have reviewed the Management Report attached

to the financial statements for year ended 31st March

2020, and on the basis of our review, there is no

apparent mistake or material inconsistencies with

the financial statements;

2.

Based

on

management

representations

and

compliance certificates submitted to the Board of

Directors by the officers of the Company charged

with compliance and the same being noted by the

Board, nothing has come to our attention that causes:

Managing Director & CEO

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director

Vikas Mehra

Company Secretary

Gopal Balachandran

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director

Vikas Mehra

Company Secretary

Gopal Balachandran

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director

Vikas Mehra

Company Secretary

Gopal Balachandran

Chief Financial Officer:

letter no. HO/MTD/Solatium Fund/2010/482 dated July 26, 2010 from The New India Assurance Co.

Ltd. (Scheme administrator), the Company has provided 0.1% of the total Motor TP premium of the

Company towards solatium fund.

5.2.8

Environment Relief Fund

During the year, an amount of ` 5,458 thousand (previous year ` 3,871 thousand) was collected towards

Environment Relief Fund for public liability policies and an amount of ` 5,401 thousand (previous year

Schedules (Contd.)

forming part of the financial statements:

Managing Director & CEO

Alok Kumar Agarwal, Executive Director

Sanjeev Mantri, Executive Director

Relatives of KMP with whom transactions have taken place during the year:

Ansuman Dasgupta : Father of Bhargav Dasgupta

Brij Mohan Gupta : Brother of Alok Kumar Agarwal

Vibha Mantri : Spouse of Sanjeev Mantri:

letter no. IRDA/NL/MISC/32/2019-20 dated May 21, 2019. This change has

the impact of decreasing the operating profit / profit before tax by ` 10,425 thousand for FY 2019.

5.2.26 Amendment in Taxation Laws

The Taxation Laws Amendment Act, 2019 has amended the Income Tax Act, 1961 and the Finance

(No. 2) Act, 2019 by inserting section 115BAA which provides domestic companies with an option to

opt for lower tax rates, provided they do not claim certain deductions. The Company has elected to

exercise the option and has accordingly recognised Provision for Income Tax for the year ended March

31, 2020 and re-measured the opening balance of Deferred Tax Assets as at April 01, 2019 at the lower

tax rate prescribed in the said section.

The impact of this change which has been recognised in the Profit & Loss for the current period is set

out below:

(` in 000s)

Particulars

Amount

Reduction in tax due to lower rate

1,627,314

Impact of one-time reversal of Deferred tax asset as on April 01, 2019

(842,810)

Net Impact during the period

784,504

5.2.27 Business Transfer Agreement

The Company had entered into a business transfer agreement on October 30, 2019, to acquire proprietary

software, platforms and underlying intellectual property assets developed by Unbox Technologies

Private Limited along with ancillary movable assets for housing the Software and employees for

operation, maintenance and development of the Software for an aggregate consideration of ` 2,244,000

thousand on a slump sale basis.

5.2.28 The COVID-19 has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organisation on March 11, 2020.

The pandemic has led to a significant impact on the Indian Financial markets and an overall decline

in the economic activities all across the world. On March 24, 2020, the Union Government of India

has announced a 21-day lockdown, which was further extended by 19 days, across the country for

containment of the pandemic.

The Company has used the principles of prudence in applying judgments, estimates and assumptions

to assess and provide for the impact of the pandemic on the Financial Statements. However, due to the

uncertainties associated with the pandemic, the actual impact of the pandemic may not be in with the

current estimates. The Company will continue to closely monitor any changes to the estimates basis

future economic conditions. Further the impact assessment does not indicate any adverse impact on

the ability of the company to continue as a going concern.

5.2.29 Impairment on Investments

The Company has assessed and provided for impairment on investment in equity assets and venture

funds of ` 1,201,518 thousand (previous year ` 7,729 thousand) as per its policy.:

Managing Director & CEO

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director

Vikas Mehra

Company Secretary

Gopal Balachandran

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, May 2, 2020:

Managing Director & CEO

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director

Vikas Mehra

Company Secretary

Gopal Balachandran

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director and CEO. The

Board has constituted Policyholders Protection

Committee to periodically review policyholders

related complaints and any other issue impacting

service delivery. A quarterly report is submitted to

the Board of Directors of the Company. The number

of complaints which were outstanding at the

beginning of the year were 71, Number of complaints

received during the year were 2,617 out of which

2,653 number of complaints have been resolved at

the end of the year. Further, 98.7% complaints were

resolved during the financial year.

The Shareholders related complaints are reviewed

quarterly by Stakeholders Relationship Committee,

Audit Committee and Board of Directors of the

Company. During the year, the Company had

received 3 complaints on the Stock Exchanges/

SEBI SCORES portal which were duly resolved by

the Company.

Principle 2

1.

List up to 3 of your products or services whose

design has incorporated social or environmental

concerns, risks and/or opportunities.

Self Help Group (SHG): The Company has

specifically designed low ticket insurance product

for the rural women who forms a group to take

a SHG loan from the institution. They use this

loan for setting up small business and earning

from this business to support their family or

household. They are exposed to various types of

risk like Accidental death, PTD/TPD, Critical illness,

various vector borne diseases which are very

common in rural areas.

To safeguard the risk, Company has structured a

low ticket premium product which takes care some

of the common uncertainties which impacts the

earning and delay in loan repayment. The ICICI Bank

funds the premium to reduce the burden and gets

the same added in the EMIs.

Business Correspondent (BCs): Group Safe guard

is offered to the ICICI bank saving account rural

customers by the BCs and the process is 100%

digital where customer receives the policy through

micro ATM which is POS machine. This policy takes

care of some daily hospital expenses incurred if

hospitalized for more than 24 hours hospitalization for

some days (as per policy) and fixed compensation of

` 1 Lakhs due to accidental death. Hospital expenses

support the rural customers to get the treatment in

better hospitals.

Apart from above, the Company has moved

towards digitisation and developed an almost

paperless policy issuance and servicing process.

During FY2020, around 96.5% of the policies were

processed electronically. The digital platform is

extended to our employees, agents and partners

too.

The pre-sales process, application form submission,

payment, document submission and servicing is

enabled online. No paper is either filled or submitted.

Post policy issuance, the contract is emailed to the

customers. Surveying claims through InstaSpect,

a live video survey feature. The Company has also

automated break-in process, which is completed

instantly using Mobile Self-Inspection, which has

resulted in removing manual intervention and paper

wastage from the process.

The above initiatives and digital processes have

not only provided speed and convenience to our

customers and distributors, but has also had a

positive impact on environment.:

