Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer (“MD & CEO”), be and is hereby approved, as

under with effect from April 1, 2020:

a.

Basic salary: ` 24,467,040/- per annum.

b.

Allowances: ` 17,380,764/- per annum, including but not

limited to supplementary allowance, meal allowance, gift

allowance and other allowances.

c.

Perquisites and non-cash benefits (evaluated as per Income-

tax Rules, wherever applicable and at actual cost to the

Company in other cases): Perquisites and non-cash benefits

which are considered as part of Fixed Pay: group term

life insurance, group personal accident insurance, group

mediclaim, domiciliary medical reimbursement, corporate car,

corporate club membership, interest subsidy on housing loan,

furnishings, utilities (such as gas and electricity), scholarship

for children’s education, financial support to cover expenses

for children with special needs and other such non-cash

perquisites and benefits, as applicable from time to time, and

as may be determined by the Board of Directors or the Board

Nomination and Remuneration Committee in accordance with

the Compensation and Benefits Policy of the Company. Other

perquisites and non-cash benefits not considered as part

of Fixed Pay include: business club membership, executive

health checkup, drivers, fuel for car, motor insurance and:

Managing Director, be and is hereby

approved on a proportionate basis for the period effective April

1, 2020 to June 14, 2020:

a.

Basic Salary: ` 15,939,000/- per annum.

b.

Allowances: ` 17,010,000/- per annum, including but not

limited to supplementary allowance, meal allowance, gift

allowance and other allowances.

c.

Perquisites and non-cash benefits (evaluated as per Income-

tax Rules, wherever applicable and at actual cost to the

Company in other cases): Perquisites and non-cash benefits

which are considered as part of Fixed Pay: group term

life insurance, group personal accident insurance, group

mediclaim, domiciliary medical reimbursement, corporate car,

corporate club membership, interest subsidy on housing loan,

furnishings, utilities (such as gas and electricity), scholarship

for children’s education, financial support to cover expenses

for children with special needs and other such non-cash

perquisites and benefits as applicable from time to time, and

as may be determined by the Board of Directors or the Board

Nomination and Remuneration Committee in accordance with

the Compensation and Benefits Policy of the Company. Other

perquisites and non-cash benefits not considered as part of

Fixed Pay include: business club membership, executive health

checkup, drivers, fuel for car, motor insurance and maintenance

of car, company assets and enablement for home office, mobile

reimbursement, privilege leave encashment, and other such

perquisites and non-cash benefits, including employee stock

options under the Revised Scheme (Employee Stock Option

Scheme 2005 as approved by Members on July 17, 2017)

of the Company and the ICICI Bank Employee Stock Option

Scheme – 2000, if any, as applicable from time to time, and

as may be determined by the Board of Directors or the Board

Nomination and Remuneration Committee in accordance with

the Compensation and Benefits Policy of the Company.

d.

Retirals: ` 3,240,396/- per annum (includes Provident Fund

and Gratuity).

e.

Performance Bonus would be maximum of 70% of the

Fixed Pay, as defined in the Compensation & Benefits

Policy as approved by the Board (which includes basic pay,

allowances, non-cash benefits and perquisites, contribution

towards superannuation/ retirals and any other form of

non-cash benefits & perquisites including reimbursable

benefits & perquisites with monetary ceilings) and as may be

determined by the Board of Directors or the Board Nomination

and Remuneration Committee in accordance with the

Compensation and Benefits Policy of the Company. Should

the bonus be more than 50% of Fixed Pay, 60% of the bonus

would be paid upfront and balance 40% equally deferred over

the next three years.:

Letter, etc.

together with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly

authorised representative(s), to the Scrutiniser by email to

info@mehta-mehta.com

with

a

copy

marked

to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

6.

Members can login and join the AGM 30 (thirty) minutes prior to

the scheduled time to start the AGM and the window for joining

shall be kept open till the expiry of 30 (thirty) minutes after the

scheduled time to start the AGM, on first-come-first-serve basis.

However, the participation of large members (members holding 2%

or more shareholding), promoters, institutional investors, directors,

key managerial personnel, the chairpersons of the Audit Committee,

Nomination

and

Remuneration

Committee,

Stakeholders

Relationship Committee and auditors can attend the Meeting

without restriction of first-come-first-serve basis. Instructions and

other information for Members for attending the AGM through VC/

OAVM are given in this Notice under Note No. 24.

7.

The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/

OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum

under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.

8.

Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 and clause 1.2.5 of Secretarial Standard 2, the information:

letter mentioning your name, folio

number and complete address (including email); ii) the share

certificate (front and back) and iii) the PAN Card and any one

document (such as Driving License, Bank Statement, Election

Card, Passport, etc.) in support of the address of the Member

as registered with the Company; to the email address of the

Company i.e. investor@iciciprulife.com with a copy to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

b.

In case shares are held in demat mode, Members may

obtain the login ID and password by sending scanned

copy of: i) a signed request: letter mentioning your name,

DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary

ID); ii) client master or copy of Consolidated Account

statement and iii) the PAN Card, to the email address of

the Company investor@iciciprulife.com with a copy to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

c.

Alternatively, Member may send an e-mail request to

evoting@nsdl.co.in for obtaining User ID and Password by

proving the details mentioned in Point (1) or (2) as the case

may be.

24.

Instructions for members for attending the AGM through VC/

OAVM are as under:

a.

Members will be able to attend the AGM through VC / OAVM

or view the live webcast of AGM provided by NSDL at https://

www.evoting.nsdl.com by using their remote e-voting login

credentials. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Members

login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Members

who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or

have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the

same by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned

in the Notice to avoid last minute rush. Further, Members can

also use the OTP based login for logging into the e-Voting

system of NSDL.

b.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through laptops

for better experience.

c.

Please note that Participants connecting from mobile

devices or tablets or through laptop connecting via mobile

hotspot may experience audio/video loss due to fluctuation

in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to

use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any kind of

aforesaid glitches.

d.

Members who would like to express their views/ask questions

during the AGM may register themselves as a speaker

by sending their request from their registered e-mail id

mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number

and mobile number at investor@iciciprulife.com at least

48 (forty eight) hours in advance before the start of the AGM.

e.

Those Members who have registered themselves as a

speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask

questions during the AGM. Further, those Members who

have not registered themselves as a speaker, but desirous

of expressing their views/ask questions during the AGM,

may be allowed to do so, through chat box option. The

Company reserves the right to restrict the number of speakers

depending on the availability of time for the AGM.

f.

Members who are desirous of expressing their views/ask

questions during the AGM, shall join the AGM through a

device with camera/webcam facility.

g.

Members who need assistance before or during the AGM,

can contact NSDL on evoting@nsdl.co.in /1800-222-990

or contact Mr. Amit Vishal, Senior Manager – NSDL at

amitv@nsdl.co.in/ 022-24994360.

h.

All investors, including Institutional Investors are encouraged

to cast their vote on the proposed Resolutions and also attend

the AGM through VC/OAVM.

25.

Since the AGM will be held through VC / OAVM, the Route Map is

not annexed in this Notice.

By Order of the Board

Vyoma Manek

Mumbai

Company Secretary

June 11, 2020

ACS 20384

Registered Office:

1089, Appasaheb Marathe Marg

Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400 025

Tel: 022 5039 1600; Fax: 022 2422 4484

investor@iciciprulife.com

www.iciciprulife.com

CIN: L66010MH2000PLC127837

Managing Director & CEO and Mr.

Puneet Nanda, Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of ICICI

Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited since June 19,

2018.

Mr. Kannan joined ICICI Limited in 1991 and has been

with the ICICI group for 29 years. He served on the

Board of Directors of ICICI Bank as Executive Director

from May 2009 till June 18, 2018. His responsibilities

included Finance, Treasury, Corporate Legal, Operations,

Secretarial,

Corporate

Communications,

Corporate

Branding, Infrastructure Management and the Strategic

Solutions Group. He also had the responsibility for day-to-

day administration of the Risk Management, Compliance

and Internal Audit functions. Additionally, the President

of ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth, also reported to

Mr. Kannan. During his tenure at the ICICI Group, he has

handled Project Finance, Infrastructure Finance, Structured

Finance and Treasury functions.

Prior to joining the Board of ICICI Bank, he was the Executive

Director of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company from

August 2005 to April 2009.

Mr. Kannan is a postgraduate in management from the

Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore with the gold

medal for Best All-round Performance. He is also a Chartered

Financial Analyst from the Institute of Chartered Financial

Analysts of India and an Honours graduate in Mechanical

Engineering from National Institute of Technology (formerly

Regional Engineering College), Tiruchirappalli.

Mr. Kannan has been part of a number of committees

constituted by the Government of India and regulatory

bodies including Insurance Advisory Committee constituted

by IRDAI, RBI Steering Committee on Implementation of

Indian Accounting Standards, IBA Sectoral Committee

of Private Sector Member Banks, The Companies Law

Committee Working Group on Small Raising of Funds,

CII National Council on Corporate Governance and the

Insurance Awareness Committee of Life Insurance Council.

In 2015, Mr. Kannan was inducted as a member of the

CFO Hall of Fame by CFO India publication for an exemplary

career and contribution to the world of finance. In 2013,

he was voted the Best CFO in India by Finance Asia. He

was adjudged the Best CFO in the Indian banking/financial

services sector at the CNBC TV 18 CFO Awards in 2012 and

2013.

Mr. Nanda has been with ICICI Prudential

Life Insurance since its inception and on the

Company’s Board as Executive Director since

2010. He was elevated as Deputy Managing

Director in 2018 and is currently responsible for

overseeing various functions including sales and

distribution, product design and management,

brand and marketing, investment management,

digitalisation and technology, customer service

and operations, and underwriting and claims.

Prior to that, as an Executive Director – Corporate

Centre, he oversaw functions including finance,

investment management, product management,

business intelligence and strategy, technology,

central service and operations, corporate

communications, legal, compliance, secretarial

and internal audit.

He is also a Director on the Board of ICICI

Prudential Pension Funds Management Company

Limited, one of the Pension Fund Managers in the

New Pension Scheme (NPS) of the Government

of India.

His experience spans more than two decades

in financial services, having worked in ICICI

Securities and J.P. Morgan prior to joining ICICI

Prudential Life Insurance.

Mr. Ramachandran has served as the Chairman of

Indian Oil Corporation Limited, Chennai Petroleum

Corporation Limited, IBP Company Limited,

and Bongaigaon Refineries & Petrochemicals

Limited. After retirement, Mr. Ramachandran

served as Chairman of the Advisory Board of BHP

Billiton (India) Limited and Advisor of Chevron

International. He had also served as a Director on

the Board of ICICI Bank Limited.

With immense knowledge and experience in the

oil and gas industry, he has won awards such

as the ‘National Institute of Industrial Engineers

Lakshya Business Visionary Award’ in 2004 and

‘Chemtech Pharma Bio Hall of Fame Award’ in

2005.

In

the

opinion

of

the

Board

of

Directors

of

the

Company,

Mr. M. S. Ramachandran is a person of high

repute, integrity and has rich and varied

experience, who would guide the Company in

its endevours. Mr. M. S. Ramachandran holds a

Bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering.

Mr. Batra has been working with the ICICI

Group for the past 19 years and is at present

the President – Corporate Centre at ICICI Bank,

overseeing the risk, internal audit, financial crime

prevention, compliance, secretarial, technology,

corporate

communication,

and

operations

functions at ICICI Bank. He is also part of the

Executive Committee that drives synergy and co-

ordination across business groups of the Bank.

In addition, he is on the boards of several ICICI

Group companies.

He was a founder-member of ICICI Prudential Life

Insurance and worked with the organisation as

its Chief Financial Officer from September 2000

to 2006, until he joined ICICI Bank as Group

Compliance Officer.

He rejoined ICICI Prudential Life Insurance

as Executive Director and a member of its

Board in 2014, when he oversaw the finance,

investments, actuarial, and risk and compliance

functions, and was instrumental in leading the

Company to India’s first IPO in the insurance

space.:

Message from the Chairman

10 Message from the: Managing director & CEo

12 overview of iCiCi Prudential Life insurance

18 Key Performance indicators

22 Ethical Practices and Governance

30 Business Model

32 our Strategy and Progress

34 Risks and opportunities

38 Stakeholder Engagement

40 Material Matters

41 Financial Capital

43 intellectual Capital

48 Human Capital

58 Social and Relationship Capital

70 Environmental, Social and Governance

150 Management Report

157 independent Auditor’s Report and Certificates

166 Revenue Account

168 Profit and Loss Account

169 Balance Sheet

170 Receipts & Payments Account

171 Schedules

233 Salient Features of the Financial Statements of

Subsidiaries (Form AoC-1)

234 Annexures

553 independent Auditor’s Report

560 Consolidated Revenue Account

562 Consolidated Profit and Loss Account

563 Consolidated Balance Sheet

564 Consolidated Receipts & Payments Account

565 Schedules

611 Embedded Value Results

616 independent Actuary’s opinion

618 Glossary of Terms

76 directors’ Report

123 Corporate Governance

127 Management discussion and Analysis

144 Enterprise Risk Management

message from the Chairman

BEiNG A FUTURE-REAdY

CoMPANY SUPPoRTEd BY

STRoNG GoVERNANCE ANd

ETHiCS, A RoBUST

TECHNoLoGY BACKBoNE,

diSTRiBUTioN NETwoRK

ANd A RESiLiENT BALANCE

SHEET, wE ARE GEAREd To

ExPANd THE PRoTECTioN

ANd ANNUiTY MARKET ANd

HELP FAMiLiES MANAGE

THEiR RiSKS.: DEAR ShAREhoLDERS,

Our mission at ICICI Prudential Life Insurance is to insure India by making life insurance

available to all and help them manage their financial risks. The sustained progress made

by us during FY2020 in terms of covering more lives is a testimony to the fact that we

are the preferred brand for serving the life insurance needs of our customers.

FY2020 has been quite an eventful year. In India it started with headwinds for GDP

growth, significant variations in the equity market and finally the outbreak of the

COVID-19 pandemic. My heart goes out to all those families impacted by this outbreak.

The pandemic has had serious social and economic implications globally and its impact

will be felt for some time to come.

ICICI Prudential Life has committed a sum of ` 100 million to help the nation fight this

crisis. Besides, our employees too have voluntarily contributed a part of their salaries.

During the lockdown, without compromising the health and safety of our employees,

we continued to serve the needs of our customers through our physical infrastructure

and robust digital platform.

In this new normal, our strong technology backbone disintegrated physical barriers and

facilitated all operations remotely. Our rationale behind investing in technology over the

years was empowering customers. I must say that it has yielded the desired results by

enabling customers to transact in a contactless manner from the safety and comfort

of their homes. Leveraging the country’s digital eco-system, we have digitalised sales

processes permitting remote on-boarding of customers, while being separated only by

a screen.

Being a future-ready Company supported by strong governance and ethics, a robust

technology backbone, distribution network and a resilient balance sheet, we are geared

to expand the protection and annuity market and help families manage their risks. Our

customer-centricity, together with a comprehensive product portfolio, award-winning

customer service initiatives and best-in-class claim settlement ratio will give us an edge

in this changed future.

Though the coming year is expected to be challenging, we are confident of the country’s

fundamentals and expect it to recover soon.

I thank all our stakeholders for their continued support and assure you that your Company

will do the very best to overcome the challenges by leveraging our unique strengths.

managing Director & CEo: DEAR ShAREhoLDERS,

I am happy to report to you that your Company

has had another year of strong performance. We

witnessed significant progress across most key

performance indicators with improved quality of

business and customer service metrics.

Fiscal 2020 has been a difficult year for several

parts of corporate India. Slower global economic

growth, coupled with specific challenges faced

by certain sectors of the domestic economy

resulted in the capital markets being turbulent.

Towards the end of the financial year, we

also saw the impact of COVID-19 in India. In

seeking to control the spread of the infection,

strong steps such as lockdowns had to be

implemented. This has the potential to further

adversely impact economic growth. The Indian

Government has been quick to respond to the

emerging situation and announced a variety of

financial measures to address the challenges. As

the spread of the infection comes under control,

the Indian economy is expected to return to its

growth trajectory.

As one of India’s leading private life insurers,

the safety of our customers and employees is

of paramount importance to us. Technology-

powered solutions have enabled us to be

nimble and quickly adapt to the changed

business dynamics with virtually no disruption

in our processes. Our approach has been that

of impressing upon customers the importance

of life insurance as an essential ingredient

to mitigate the uncertainties of life, provide

financial security to their families and build a

robust financial plan.

The first building blocks of our digitalisation

journey were laid in 2012. Since then we

have steadily progressed and today offer a full

service digital platform. Our digital platform

has played a pivotal role in ensuring the safety

of our customers and employees. Adoption

of digital technologies such as artificial

intelligence (AI), machine learning and

robotic process automation solutions have

enabled us to deliver uninterrupted service

to our customers by replacing the physical

handshake with a virtual one.

Life insurance is a tool to provide financial

security and we make a promise to the family

of each customer on-boarded to alleviate the

financial distress caused in case of a tragedy. The

digital enablers have ensured an uninterrupted

claim settlement process despite the lockdown.

As technology evolves, we endeavour to keep

pace with it and further improve on our service

levels and offerings.

Our bouquet of products have been developed

keeping in mind the different life-stage

requirements of customers. We have approached

the under-penetrated segments by emphasising

the importance of being adequately protected

and offering solutions that enable customers to

lead financially independent retired lives.

Fy2020 PERFoRmANCE REvIEW

Our clear 4P strategy – premium growth,

protection focus, persistency improvement and

productivity enhancement – and its effective

execution have enabled us to deliver profitable

growth, while guiding us towards our objective

of growing the absolute Value of New Business

(VNB). At the end of the last financial year, we

had set ourselves an aspiration of doubling

FY2019 VNB in 3-4 years. In FY2020, our VNB

recorded a healthy growth of 21% to ` 16.05

billion which was well within the range required

to achieve our aspiration. The VNB margin

improved from 17% during the last fiscal to

21.7% in FY2020.

Our approach of taking on only manageable risks

has ensured that we have a strong and resilient

balance sheet. We are proud of the fact that

we have had zero Non Performing Assets (NPA)

since inception and across cycles. Our solvency

ratio stood at 194% as on March 31, 2020,

which is well above the regulatory requirement

of 150%.

During the year, we were one of the first few

private life insurers in India to receive approvals

for innovative product and service proposals as

part of the sandbox initiative of the Insurance

Regulatory and Development Authority of India

(IRDAI). The sandbox initiative is designed

to nurture innovation and enhance market

penetration.

AT THE ENd oF THE LAST

FiNANCiAL YEAR, wE

HAd SET oURSELVES AN

ASPiRATioN oF doUBLiNG

FY2019 VNB iN 3-4 YEARS. iN

FY2020, oUR VNB RECoRdEd

A HEALTHY GRowTH oF

21% To ` 16.05 BiLLioN

wHiCH wAS wELL wiTHiN

THE RANGE REqUiREd To

ACHiEVE oUR ASPiRATioN.

ICICI PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED

Annual Report 2019-20

10

Managing Director of Corpbank Securities Limited,

a Primary Dealership, licensed by RBI.

In 2005, he became an Executive Director at the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). In March 2010, he

joined the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) as Member (Finance and Investment).

He was member of the International Organisation of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) sub-committee on

Investment Management, Investor Compensation and Protection, Private Equity from 2008 to 2010. At the

International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS), he was the nominee on sub-committees on accounting,

auditing, governance, group supervision, insurance standards and financial stability. He was SEBI nominee on

National Advisory Committee on Accounting Standards (NACAS) from 2005 to 2010, member of the Investor

Protection and Compensation Committee, and IRDAI nominee on the RBI Technical Committee on Money,

Government Securities and Foreign Exchange Markets, SEBI Corporate Bonds and Securitisation Advisory

Committee (COBOSAC) from 2010 to 2015.

Qualification: Master’s degree in Science, Bachelor’s degree in Law, Master of Business Administration – Financial

Management, Diploma in Securities Law.

1

2

5

7

mR. DILEEP ChokSI

independent director

Mr. Choksi has been a practising professional for the past 42 years. Before setting up

C.C. Chokshi & Co., he was joint Managing Partner, National Leader - Tax and Financial Advisory Services of

Deloitte, India.

His areas of specialisation include tax planning and structuring for domestic and international clients, finalising

collaborations and joint ventures, corporate restructuring, turnaround and change management strategies, and

analysing tax impact of various instruments. He is also member of the Society of Trust & Estate Practitioners

Limited (STEP).

He has also been on the Boards of the Taxation Committee of the Indian Merchant Chambers and the Bombay

Chamber of Commerce & Industry.

Qualification: Chartered Accountant, Bachelor’s degree in Law, a member of the Institute of Cost and Works

Accountants of India (ICWA), and Trust and Estate Practitioner (TEP) member of Society of Trust and Estate

Practitioners (STEP).

Ms. Rishi was with PepsiCo for 17 years in leadership roles in the areas of marketing and innovation in India, the

United States and the United Kingdom, and was also one of the founding team members of PepsiCo when it

started operations in India. She later moved to PepsiCo’s headquarters to be a part of its international marketing

team, followed by an innovation leadership role in London. She was associated with Tata Administrative Service

and was part of the core start-up team of Titan Watches. Ms. Rishi served as the Head of Marketing and Group

Strategy & Consumer Director of Future Consumer Limited.

She was associated with the Future Group as Group Strategy and Consumer Director and was responsible for

marketing, communication and customer strategy of the Future Group companies. She served as an Executive

Director of Brand & Human Capital at Max Financial Services Limited (formerly Max India Limited).

She is also associated with Pratham (Indian NGO).

Ms. Rishi is an accomplished marketing evangelist with international experience in spearheading global marketing

campaigns for high-visibility consumer products. Her core competency includes product rebranding, new product

development and launch, alignment of global marketing teams of start-ups, entering new international markets,

best practices, organisational structure, strategic planning, and human resources.

Qualification: Master of Business Administration in Marketing from the Faculty of Management Studies, University

of Delhi and Honours in Economics from Lady Sri Ram College, Delhi University.

1

5

mS. vIbhA PAuL RIShI

independent director

8

* Appointed as a member with

effect from June 15, 2020.

8

ICICI PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED

Annual Report 2019-20

24:

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Nanda has been with ICICI Prudential Life Insurance since its inception and on the Company’s Board as

Executive Director since 2010. He was elevated as Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

of National Housing Bank. In November 2004, his services were transferred as Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, based on the

certification from respective functional heads, is placed at the Board Audit

Committee and Board of Directors on a quarterly basis.

Ind As implementation

International Accounting Standard Board (IASB) had issued IFRS 17

Insurance Contracts on May 18, 2017, effective mandatorily from January

1, 2021. Subsequently, Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority

of India (IRDAI) reviewed the Ind AS implementation and noted that Ind AS

in its current form is likely to lead a mismatch in asset & liability accounting,

along with volatility in financial statements of insurance companies with

double transition. Therefore, IRDAI through circular dated June 28, 2017

deferred the implementation of Ind AS for a period of two years with

applicability for accounting periods beginning from April 1, 2020.

IRDAI vide circular dated January 21, 2020 further deferred the

implementation of IND AS in Insurance sector in India since the IASB had

indicated that they aim to issue final amendments to IFRS 17 by mid-2020.

A corresponding standard to IFRS 17 and regulations on preparation of

Ind AS compliant financial statements would be notified by Ministry of

Corporate Affairs (MCA) post finalisation of IFRS 17 by IASB. Accordingly,

IRDAI had withdrawn the circular dated June 28, 2017 which required

submission of Proforma Ind AS financial statements on a quarterly basis.

IASB on March 17, 2020 deferred the effective date of IFRS 17, Insurance

Contracts to annual period beginning on or after January 1, 2023. IASB

also decided to extend the exemption currently in place for some insurers

regarding the application of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments to enable them to

implement both IFRS 9 and IFRS 17 at the same time.:

Managing Director &

CEO regarding compliance with the Code by all the Directors and senior

management forms part of the Annual Report.

Policy for determining material subsidiaries

In accordance with the requirements of the Listing Regulations, the

Company has formulated a policy for determining material subsidiaries and

the same has been hosted on the website of the Company (https://www.

iciciprulife.com/about-us/corporate-policies.html).

board of Directors

The Company’s Board is constituted in compliance with the CA2013, in

accordance with Listing Regulations and IRDAI Corporate Governance

Guidelines, 2016. At March 31, 2020, the Board comprised five independent

Directors, three non-executive Directors, two of whom are nominated by

ICICI Bank Limited and one by Prudential Corporation Holdings Limited,

the: Managing Director & CEO and the Deputy Managing Director. Except

the Managing Director & CEO and the Deputy Managing Director, all other

Directors including the

Managing Director & CEO

00066009

Bachelor of Engineering (Honours) from NIT

Trichy, Post-Graduate Diploma in Management

from IIM Bangalore, Chartered Financial Analyst

from ICFAI

Finance & accountancy,

banking, insurance, strategy

and corporate planning, risk

management and securities

Mr. Puneet Nanda, Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

6/6

Present

Mr. Puneet Nanda, Deputy: Managing Director

6/6

Present

1. Attended four meetings through video conference.

2. Ceased to be Director from close of business hours on January 15, 2020 i.e. with effect from January 16, 2020, consequent to cessation of tenure.

3. Attended one meeting through video conference.

The details pertaining to other directorships of the Board of Directors of the Company at March 31, 2020 are set out in the below table:

Name of the Director

Number of other directorships

Number of other

committee

memberships3

Names of other listed entities where

the person is a director

and category of directorship

of Indian public

limited companies1

of other

companies2

Non-executive non-independent Directors

Mr. Anup Bagchi, non-executive

Director nominated by ICICI Bank

Limited

5(1)

0

1

1. ICICI Bank Limited, Executive Director

2. ICICI Securities Limited, Non-

Executive - Non Independent Director

3. ICICI Home Finance Company Limited

(Debt Listed) - Director

Mr. Sandeep Batra, non-executive

Director nominated by ICICI Bank

Limited

3

2(1)

2

1. ICICI Lombard General Insurance

Company Limited, Non-Executive -

Non Independent Director

Mr. Raghunath Hariharan, non-

executive Director nominated by

Prudential Corporation Holding

Limited

0

0

0

-

Non-executive independent Directors

Mr. M. S. Ramachandran,

Managing Director

1

0

1

-

1. Comprises other public limited companies incorporated in India. Figures in parentheses indicate Board chairpersonship by the Directors in other unlisted public companies.

2. Comprises private limited companies incorporated in India and foreign companies but excludes Section 8 companies and not for profit foreign companies. Figures in

parentheses indicate Board chairpersonship.

3. Comprises only Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee of Indian public limited companies. Figures in parentheses indicate committee chairmanship

including alternate chairpersonship.

In terms of the Listing Regulations, the number of Committees (Audit

Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee) of public limited

companies in which a Director is a member/chairperson were within the

limits prescribed under Listing Regulations, for all the Directors of the

Company. The number of directorships of each independent Director is

also within the limits prescribed under Listing Regulations.

Independent Directors

The Board of Directors of the Company at March 31, 2020 comprised ten

Directors, out of which five are independent Directors.

All independent Directors have confirmed that they meet the criteria of

independence as laid down under Section 149(6) of the CA2013 and the

Listing Regulations and have confirmed that their names have been added

in the data bank maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs

for independent directors, in accordance with Rule 6 of the Companies

(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.

Pursuant to the provisions of Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and

Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, every individual whose name is so

included in the data bank shall pass an online proficiency self-assessment

test. However, an individual who has served for a period of not less than

ten years as on the date of inclusion of his name in the databank as director

or KMP in a listed public company or in an unlisted public company having

a paid-up share capital of ` 10 crore or more, is exempted from passing

the online proficiency self-assessment test. Two of the five independent

Directors fulfill the above criteria and would not be required take the

proficiency self-assessment test. The Board at its meeting held on April:

Managing Director & CEO, other wholetime Directors

(WTDs), non-executive Directors, key managerial personnel (KMP),

senior managerial personnel (SMP) and other employees.

Further details with respect to the Compensation and Benefits

policy are provided under the section titled “Compensation & Benefit

policy”, which has also been hosted on the website of the Company

and can be accessed on the link: https://www.iciciprulife.com/

about-us/corporate-policies.html.

Details of remuneration paid to wholetime Directors

The Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee (BNRC)

determines and recommends to the Board the remuneration,

including performance bonus and perquisites, payable to the

wholetime Directors.

The following table sets out the details of remuneration (including perquisites and retiral benefits) paid to wholetime Directors during fiscal 2020:

Particulars

Details of remuneration (`)

Mr. N. s. Kannan

Mr. Puneet Nanda

Basic

24,467,040

15,939,000

Variable pay paid out in fiscal 20201

-

5,801,916

Allowances and perquisites2

17,895,398

21,627,516

Contribution to provident fund

2,936,045

1,912,680

Contribution to superannuation fund

3,670,056

-

stock options of the Company (Numbers)

Granted in fiscal 2020

701,600

516,600

Granted in fiscal 2019

-

102,200

stock options of ICICI bank (Numbers)

Granted in fiscal 2020

183,200

134,900

Granted in fiscal 2019

-

242,500

Note: For the year ended March 31, 2020 the remuneration details pertain to the amount paid/options granted for the period of service as per IRDAI approval

1

Variable pay includes the deferred component of the variable pay of previous years as approved by IRDAI

2

Perquisite excludes perquisites on exercise of stock options, amounting to nil.

Perquisites (evaluated as per Income-Tax rules wherever applicable

and otherwise at actual cost to the Company) such as the benefit

of the gas, electricity, furnishing, club fees, group insurance, use of

car and telephone at residence or reimbursement of expenses in lieu

thereof, medical reimbursement, leave and leave travel concession,

education benefits, provident fund, superannuation fund, gratuity

and on stock options exercised were provided in accordance with

the scheme(s) and rule(s) applicable from time to time. Provision

on gratuity, leave encashment and long term payment, which

is actuarially valued for all employees of the organisation, is not

considered above.

Details of remuneration paid to non-executive Directors

As provided in the Articles of Association of the Company, the fees

payable to the non-executive independent Directors for attending a

Meeting of the Board or Committee thereof is decided by the Board

of Directors from time to time within the limits prescribed by the

CA2013.:

Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer/wholetime

Directors of Insurers (IRDAI Guidelines) issued vide reference no.

IRDA/F&A/GDL/LSTD/155/08/2016 dated August 5, 2016 requires

the Company to make following disclosures on remuneration on an

annual basis in their Annual Report:

Compensation policy and practices

1.

Qualitative disclosures

a.

Information relating to the design and structure of

remuneration processes and the key features and

objectives of remuneration policy.

(i)

Name and mandate of the main body overseeing remuneration

The Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee (BNRC/

Committee) is the body which oversees the remuneration

aspects. The functions of the Committee include identifying

persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may

be appointed as key managerial person/personnel (KMP) or

as senior managerial personnel (SMP) in accordance with

the criteria laid down and recommending to the Board their

appointment and removal, formulate a criteria and specify

the manner for effective evaluation of every individual

director’s performance, evaluation of the performance of

the Chairman, the Board and its committees; and review its

implementation and compliance and to extend or continue

the term of appointment of the independent Directors on the

basis of the report of performance evaluation of independent

Directors, recommending to the Board a policy relating to the

remuneration for the Directors, key managerial personnel and

other employees, recommending to the Board the remuneration

(including performance bonus and perquisites) to wholetime

Directors (WTDs), commission and fee payable to non-executive

Directors subject to applicable regulations, approving the policy

for and quantum of bonus payable to the members of the staff

including senior management and key managerial personnel,

formulating the criteria for determining qualifications, positive

attributes and independence of a Director, devising a policy on

diversity of the Board, consider and approve employee stock

option schemes and to administer and supervise the same.

(ii)

External consultants whose advice has been sought, the body

by which they were commissioned and in what areas of the

remuneration process

The Company engaged the services of a reputed consulting

firm for market benchmarking in the area of compensation.

(iii)

Scope of the Company’s remuneration policy (eg. by regions,

business lines), including the extent to which it is applicable

to foreign subsidiaries and branches

The Company’s Compensation & Benefits policy for Managing

Director & CEO, other wholetime Directors, non-executive

Directors, key management person (KMP), senior management

personnel (SMP) and other employees was last amended and

approved by the BNRC and the Board at its Meetings held on

January 20, 2020 and January 21, 2020, respectively.:

Managing Director and CEO (MD & CEO) and

other wholetime Directors is reviewed and approved by the BNRC

and the Board. The BNRC approves the key performance indicators

(KPIs) and the performance threshold for payment of performance

bonus. The BNRC assesses business performance against the

KPIs. Based on its assessment, it makes recommendations to the

Board regarding compensation for MD & CEO and other wholetime

Directors and performance bonus for all employees, including senior

management and key management personnel.

Alignment of compensation philosophy with prudent risk taking

The Company seeks to achieve a prudent mix of fixed and variable

pay, with a higher proportion of variable pay at senior levels. For

the MD & CEO and other wholetime Directors, compensation is

sought to be aligned to both financial and non-financial indicators

of performance including controls like risk management, process

perspective, customer perspective and others. In addition, the

Company has an employee stock option scheme aimed at enabling

employees to participate in the long-term growth and financial

success of the Company through stock option grants that vest over

a period of time.

Whether the BNRC reviewed the Company’s remuneration policy during

the past year, and if so, an overview of any changes that were made

The BNRC reviewed the Company’s Compensation and Benefits

policy at its meeting held on January 20, 2020. A comprehensive

review of the policy has been conducted for compliance, consistency

and structure and in line with regulatory requirements. The key

changes in the policy are:

•

The policy has been restructured into three sections for

purpose of abundant clarity – Part A deals with compensation

of employees including KMPs & SMPs; Part B lays down the

guidelines relating to compensation of the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO and

other wholetime Directors, to ensure effective alignment of

compensation with prudent risk parameters, the Company

takes into account various risk parameters along with other

pre-defined performance objectives of the Company.

2.

Quantitative Disclosures

The following table sets forth, for the period indicated,

the details of quantitative disclosure for remuneration of

wholetime Directors (including: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

80:1

Mr. Puneet Nanda,

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Mumbai

DIN: 00066009

CerTIFICATIoN For CoMPLIANCe oF The CorPorATe GoVerNANCe GuIDeLINes

I, Vyoma Manek, hereby certify that the Company has, for the financial year ended March 31, 2020, complied with the requirements stipulated under

the corporate governance guidelines of Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India as amended from time to time and nothing has been

concealed or suppressed.

VYoMA MANeK

June 11, 2020

Company Secretary

Mumbai

ACS 20384:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

ANNeXure A’

To

The Members,

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

ICICI Prulife Towers 1089

Appasaheb Marg Prabhadevi

Mumbai - 400025

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the

management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done

on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable

laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future

viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

Practicing Company Secretaries

Makarand Joshi

Partner

FCS No. 5533

CP No. 3662

UDIN: F005533B000333883

Peer Review No: P2009MH007000

Place: Mumbai

Date: June 11, 2020

Managing Director, Wholetime Directors and/or Manager for the year ended March 31, 2020:

(`’000)

sr.

No

Particulars of remuneration

Name of MD/WTD/Manager

Total Amount

Mr. N s Kannan,: Managing

letter dated July 22, 2019, wherein we are requested to issue

certificate on the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance

by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited (the ‘Company’) for the

year ended March 31, 2020, as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27, clauses

(b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V

of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended thereto

(hereinafter referred to as the ‘Listing Regulations’).

Management’s responsibility

The Company’s management is responsible for complying with the

conditions of Corporate Governance including the preparation and

maintenance of all relevant supporting records and documents and for

providing all relevant information as per the Listing Regulations. This

responsibility includes the designing, implementing and maintaining

operating effectiveness of internal control to ensure compliance with the

conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s responsibility

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, our responsibility is

to express a reasonable assurance in the form of an opinion as to whether

the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance

as stipulated in the Listing Regulations for the year ended March 31, 2020.

We have examined the relevant records of the Company, to the extent

necessary for the purpose of issuing this certificate. Our responsibility

is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof,

adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of

Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion

on the financial statements of the Company.

We conducted our examination in accordance with the Guidance Note on

Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) (the ‘Guidance

Note’) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (‘ICAI’).

The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements

of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the

Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that

Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other

Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

opinion

Based on the procedures performed by us and to the best of our information

and according to the explanations provided to us by the Company, in our

opinion, the Company has complied with the conditions of the Corporate

Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations for the year ended

March 31, 2020.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future

viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which

management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

restriction on use

This certificate is addressed and provided to the members of the

Company solely for the purpose to enable the Company to comply with

the requirements of the above mentioned Listing Regulations, and should

not be used by any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly,

we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other

purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate is shown or into

whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing. We have

no responsibility to update this certificate for events and circumstances

occurring after the date of this certificate.

For b s r & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration

No:101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Registration

No: 001076N/N500013

sagar Lakhani

Khushroo b. Panthaky

Partner

Partner

Membership No: 111855

Membership No: 42423

UDIN: 20111855AAAAEB2396

UDIN: 20042423AAAACZ3203

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: June 11, 2020

Date: June 11, 2020:

Managing Director and CEO

DIN:00066009

puneet nanda

satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Deputy: Managing

letter dated 22 July 2019 with iCiCi prudential life insurance Company

limited (the “Company”).

2.

this certificate is issued to comply with the provisions of paragraphs 3

and 4 of schedule C read with regulation 3 of the insurance regulatory

and development authority (preparation of Financial statements and

auditor’s report of insurance Companies) regulations 2002, (the “irda

Financial statements regulations”).

management’S ReSPonSiBility

3.

the Company’s Board of directors is responsible for complying with

the provisions of the insurance act, 1938 (amended by the insurance

laws (amendment) act 2015) (the “insurance act”), the insurance

regulatory and development authority act, 1999 (the “irda act”), the

irda Financial statements regulations, orders / directions / circulars

issued by the insurance regulatory and development authority of india

(the “irdai”) which includes the preparation and maintenance of books

of accounts and management report. this includes collecting, collating

and validating data and designing, implementing and monitoring of

internal controls suitable for ensuring the aforesaid and applying an

appropriate basis of preparation that are reasonable in the circumstances

and providing all relevant information to the irdai.

auditoRS’ ReSPonSiBility

4.

pursuant to the requirements of the irda Financial statements

regulations, it is our responsibility to obtain reasonable assurance

and form an opinion based on our audit and examination of books of

accounts and other records maintained by the Company as to whether

the Company has complied with the matters contained in paragraphs 3

and 4 of schedule C read with regulation 3 of irda Financial statements

regulations.

5.

We conducted our examination in accordance with the Guidance Note

on reports or Certificates for special purposes (revised 2016) (the

“Guidance Note”) issued by the ICAI. The Guidance Note requires that

we comply with the independence and other ethical requirements of the

Code of ethics issued by the iCai.

6.

we have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the

standard on Quality Control (“sQC”) 1, Quality Control for Firms that

perform audits and reviews of Historical Financial information, and

other assurance and related services engagements.

oPinion

7.

in accordance with information and explanations given to us and to

the best of our knowledge and belief and based on our joint audit and

examination of the books of account and other records maintained by

the Company for the year ended 31 march 2020, we certify that:

a.

we have reviewed the attached management report to the

standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 march

2020, and on the basis of our review, we have not found any

apparent mistake or material inconsistencies in the management

report read with the standalone financial statements;

b.

Based on management representations and compliance

certificates submitted to the Board of directors by the officers of

the Company charged with compliance and the same being noted

by the Board, nothing has come to our attention that causes us

to believe that the Company has not complied with the terms and

conditions of registration as stipulated by the irdai;

c.

we have verified the cash balances as at 31 march 2020 with the

books of accounts by vouching for selected samples of 31 march

2020 through a three way check between date of receipt of

cheque from the customer, date of cheque deposit slips in the bank

and examining the underlying supporting for such cheque deposit

such as policy documents / policy related documents issued by

the Company. Further, we have also relied upon management’s

certificate for the cash balances. For securities relating to the

Company’s loans and investments as at 31 march 2020, we have

performed reconciliation on the basis of confirmations received

from the Custodian appointed by the Company with the books

of accounts. as at 31 march 2020, the Company does not have

reversions and life interests;

d.

the Company is not the trustee of any trust; and

e.

no part of the assets of the policyholders’ Funds has been directly

or indirectly applied in contravention to the provisions of the

insurance act relating to the application and investments of the

policyholders’ Funds.

ReStRiction on uSe

8.

this certificate is issued at the request of the Company solely for use of

the Company for inclusion in the annual accounts in order to comply with

the provisions of paragraph 3 and 4 of schedule C read with regulation 3

of the irda Financial statements regulations and is not intended to be

and should not be used for any other purpose without our prior consent.

accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care

for any other purpose.

independent auditor’s certificate

independent auditor’s certificate referred to paragraph 1 under ‘Report on other legal and Regulatory Requirements’

forming part of the independent auditor’s Report dated 25 april 2020

For B S R & co. llP

Chartered Accountants

For walker chandiok & co llP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Registration No: 001076N/N500013

Sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Partner

Partner

Membership No: 111855

Membership No: 042423

UDIN: 20111855AAAADO2600

UDIN: 20042423AAAACC7623

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 25 April 2020

Date: 25 April 2020:

letter dated 22 July 2019 with iCiCi prudential life

insurance Company limited (the “Company”). insurance regulatory

and development authority of india (investment) regulations, 2016

dated 1 august 2016 (the “regulations”), require the auditors of the

Company to issue certificate regarding applicable net asset value

(“nav”) for applications received as at 31 march 2020 in terms of

schedule i(B)(11)(d) to the regulations.

management’S ReSPonSiBility

2.

the preparation and maintenance of all accounting and other

relevant supporting records and documents is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. this responsibility includes

the design, implementation and maintenance of internal controls

relevant to the applicability of nav for applications received as at 31

march 2020.

3.

the Company’s management is responsible for complying with

conditions stated in the regulations and providing all relevant

information to the regulatory authorities.

auditoRS’ ReSPonSiBility

4.

pursuant to the requirements of this certificate, it is our responsibility

to provide reasonable assurance as to whether:

(a)

the applications received on tuesday, 31 march 2020 upto

3.00 p.m. have been stamped and that the nav of 31 march

2020 is applied for applications received upto 3.00 p.m;

(b)

the applications received on tuesday, 31 march 2020 after

3.00 p.m. have been stamped and that the nav of 1 april

2020 is applied for applications received after 3.00 p.m; and

(c)

the Company has declared nav for 31 march 2020 which

is a business day, on a basis consistent with the Company’s

accounting policies as disclosed in its audited standalone

financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2020.

5.

we have jointly audited standalone financial statements of the

Company as of and financial year ended 31 march 2020 on which

we issued an unmodified audit opinion vide our report dated 25

april 2020. our audits of these standalone financial statements

were conducted in accordance with the standards on auditing

specified under section 143(10) of the Companies act, 2013

and other applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by the

institute of Chartered accountants of india (the “iCai”). those

standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain

reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial

statements are free of material misstatement. our audits were

not planned and performed in connection with any transactions

to identify matters that may be of potential interest to third

parties.

6.

in this connection, we have performed the following procedures:

a)

obtained the list of applications for new business, renewal

premium, top up, surrender, Freelook cancellation, Fund

switches, withdrawal and partial withdrawal received in

respect of unit linked products on 31 march 2020 (together

referred to as “application Forms”), from the Company;

b)

selected samples of application Forms from listing mentioned

in paragraph 6(a) above and verified whether:

i)

the applications received on tuesday, 31 march 2020,

upto 3.00 p.m. have been appropriately stamped;

and the nav of 31 march 2020 is applied for such

applications;

ii)

the applications received on tuesday, 31 march 2020,

after 3.00 p.m. have been appropriately stamped and the

nav of 1 april 2020 is applied for such applications; and

iii)

the nav applied for applications received on 31 march

2020 is traced to the respective nav declared by the

Company.

c)

we have read the certificate dated 17 april 2020 of

the Concurrent auditor of the Company, m/s. majithia &

associates, Chartered accountants which has been furnished

to us certifying compliance with regulation 5 of schedule i(B);

d)

obtained confirmation from management, that all physical

branches which were operating on 31 march 2020 were

closed for customers before 3.00 p.m.;

e)

obtained representation from the management that the

Company has declared 31 march 2020 as a business day

for accepting application Forms and that it has declared

nav for 31 march 2020.

independent auditor’s certificate

independent auditor’s certificate in accordance with Schedule i(B)(11)(d) of the insurance Regulatory and development

authority of india (investment) Regulations, 2016 dated 1 august 2016.:

managing director & Ceo

deputy: managing director

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

din: 02578795

Sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Vyoma manek

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 25, 2020

managing director & Ceo

deputy: managing director

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

din: 02578795

Sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Vyoma manek

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 25, 2020

managing director & Ceo

deputy: managing director

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

din: 02578795

Sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Vyoma manek

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 25, 2020

(` ‘000)

Particulars

Schedule

march 31, 2020

march 31, 2019

amounts transferred from policyholders' account (technical account)

19,887,091

10,770,375

income from investments (refer note 2.3.3 of schedule 16)

(a) Interest, dividend & rent - Gross

4,480,966

4,251,466

(b) profit on sale/redemption of investments

2,674,538

3,122,309

(c) (loss) on sale/redemption of investments

(546,801)

(900,876)

(d) accretion of discount/(amortisation of premium) (net)

(14,275)

(54,692)

other income

5,354

90,355

total (a)

26,486,873

17,278,937

expenses other than those directly related to the insurance business

3a

285,378

277,397

managerial remuneration*

78,333

99,867

Bad debts written-off

-

-

provisions (other than taxation)

(a) For diminution in value of investments (net) (refer note 3.25 of schdeule 16)

465,584

-

(b) provision for doubtful debts (refer note 2.7 of schdeule 16)

-

-

Contribution to policyholders' account :

- towards excess of expense of management (refer note 3.49 of schdeule 16)

4,435,307

2,317,848

- towards deficit funding and others

10,534,784

2,954,182

total (B)

15,799,386

5,649,294

profit before tax

10,687,487

11,629,643

provision for taxation (refer note 2.14.1 & 3.7 of schedule 16)

(a) Current tax credit/(charge)

-

(223,181)

(b) deferred tax credit/(charge)

-

-

Profit after tax

10,687,487

11,406,462

appropriations

(a) Balance at the beginning of the year

19,886,627

16,960,346

(b) interim dividends paid during the year (refer note 3.40 of schedule 16)

1,148,672

2,296,935

(c) Final dividend (refer note 3.40 of schedule 16)

2,225,551

4,737,332

(d) dividend distribution tax (refer note 3.40 of schedule 16)

693,581

1,445,914

(e) transfer to reserve/other accounts

-

-

Profit carried to Balance Sheet

26,506,310

19,886,627

earnings per equity share (refer note 2.18 & 3.19 of schedule 16)

Basic earnings per equity share `

7.44

7.95

diluted earnings per equity share `

7.43

7.94

nominal value per equity share `

10.00

10.00

Significant accounting policies & notes

16

*in excess of the allowable limits (refer note 3.20 of schedule 16)

managing director & Ceo

deputy: managing director

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

din: 02578795

Sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Vyoma manek

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 25, 2020

managing director & Ceo

deputy: managing director

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

din: 02578795

Sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Vyoma manek

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 25, 2020

managing director and Ceo

puneet nanda, deputy: managing director

asha murali, appointed actuary

relatives of Key management personnel as per as-18 disclosure

nature of relationship

name of the related party

Relatives of KmP

mr. n. s. Kannan

mr. puneet nanda

ms. asha murali

Spouse

Kumudalakshmi rangarajan

deepti nanda

p. a. murali

Parent

narayanan sudha

Kul Bhushan nanda

p. s. nagaraj

asha nanda

Brother/ Sister

narayanan raghunathan

pankaj nanda

rekha somayajula

narayanan rangarajan

Krishna nagaraj

children

aditi Kannan

rikhil nanda

rajiv murali

rishita nanda

managing director (‘md’) /Chief executive officer (‘Ceo’) /

whole time directors (‘wtd’), which have prescribed certain qualitative

and quantitative disclosures. the disclosures for year ended march 31,

2020 are given below:

Remuneration to md/ceo/wd:

qualitative disclosures:

a) information relating to the bodies that oversee remuneration.

name, composition and mandate of the main body overseeing

remuneration:

the Board nomination and remuneration Committee (BnrC/Committee)

is the body which oversees the remuneration aspects. the functions

of the Committee include identifying persons who are qualified to

become directors and who may be appointed in senior management in

accordance with the criteria laid down and recommending to the Board

their appointment and removal, formulate a criteria and specify the

manner for effective evaluation of every individual director’s performance,

evaluation of the performance of Board and its committees; and review

its implementation and compliance and to extend or continue the term

of appointment of the independent directors on the basis of the report

of performance evaluation of independent directors, recommending

to the Board a policy relating to the remuneration for the directors,

Key managerial personnel and other employees, recommending to the

Board the remuneration (including performance bonus and perquisites)

to whole-time directors (wtds), commission and fee payable to non-

executive directors subject to applicable regulations, approving the policy

for and quantum of bonus payable to the members of the staff including

senior management and key managerial personnel, formulating the criteria

for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a

director, devising a policy on diversity of the Board, consider and approve

employee stock option schemes and to administer and supervise the

same.

external consultants whose advice has been sought, the body

by which they were commissioned and in what areas of the

remuneration process:

the Company employed the services of a reputed consulting firm for

market benchmarking in the area of compensation.

Scope of the company’s remuneration policy (e.g. by regions,

business lines), including the extent to which it is applicable to

foreign subsidiaries and branches:

the Company’s policy on Compensation & Benefits (“Compensation

policy”) for: managing director & Ceo, other whole-time directors, non-

executive directors, Key management person (Kmp), senior management

personnel (smp) and other employees was last amended and approved

by the BnrC and the Board at its meeting held on January 20, 2020 and

January 21, 2020 respectively.

type of employees covered and number of such employees:

all employees of the Company are governed by the compensation policy.

the total number of permanent employees governed by the compensation

policy of the Company at march 31, 2020 was 14,630.

managing director and Ceo (md & Ceo) and other whole-time directors is

reviewed and approved by the BnrC and the Board. the BnrC approves

the Key performance indicators (Kpis) and the performance threshold for

payment of performance bonus. the BnrC assesses business performance

against the Kpis. Based on its assessment, it makes recommendations

to the Board regarding compensation for md & Ceo and other whole-

time directors and performance bonus for all employees, including senior

management and key management personnel.

alignment of compensation philosophy with prudent risk taking:

the Company seeks to achieve a prudent mix of fixed and variable pay, with

a higher proportion of variable pay at senior levels. For the md & Ceo and

other whole-time directors, compensation is sought to be aligned to both

financial and non-financial indicators of performance including controls like

risk management, process perspective, customer perspective and others.

in addition, the Company has an employee stock option scheme aimed at

enabling employees to participate in the long-term growth and financial

success of the Company through stock option grants that vest over a

period of time.

whether the Remuneration committee reviewed the firm’s

remuneration policy during the past year, and if so, an overview of

any changes that were made:

the BnrC reviewed the Company’s Compensation and Benefits policy

(the policy) at its meeting held on January 20, 2020. a comprehensive

review of the policy has been conducted for compliance, consistency and

structure and in line with regulatory requirements. the key changes in the

policy are:

•

the policy has been restructured into three sections for purpose of

abundant clarity – part a deals with compensation of employees

including Kmps & smps; part B lays down the guidelines relating to

compensation of the: managing director & Ceo and other whole-

time directors, and part C pertains to non-executive directors

•

all allowances that are part of the existing compensation structure

have been incorporated in the policy

•

an enabling provision has been introduced to grant retention bonus,

stock options, long-term reward or any other benefits to employees

of subsidiary(ies)

The changes proposed in the Policy are in line with the IRDAI’s Guidelines

on remuneration of non-executive directors and managing director/Chief

executive officer/whole-time directors of insurers and the changes in the

securities and exchange Board of india (listing obligations and disclosure

requirements) regulations.

description of the ways in which current and future risks are

taken into account in the remuneration processes.

•

the Company follows prudent compensation practices under the

guidance of the Board and the Board nominations & remuneration

Committee (BnrC). the Company’s approach to compensation is

based on the ethos of meritocracy and fairness within the framework

of prudent risk management. performance ratings for employees,

including senior management and key management personnel is

based on assessment of performance delivered against a set of

defined performance objectives. these objectives are balanced in

nature, and comprise a holistic mix of financial, customer, people,

process, quality, compliance objectives and/or any other parameters

as may be deemed fit.

•

For the md & Ceo and other whole-time directors, compensation is

aligned to both financial and non-financial indicators of performance

including controls like risk management, process perspective,

customer perspective and others.

•

For the md & Ceo and other whole-time directors. the quantum of

bonus does not exceed a certain percentage (as stipulated in the

Compensation policy) of total fixed pay in a year. if the quantum

of bonus exceeds a pre-defined percentage of the total fixed pay,

a part of the bonus is deferred and paid over a pre-defined period.

acts of gross negligence and integrity breach are covered under the

purview of the compensation policy. errors of judgment shall not be

construed to be breaches.

•

the deferred part of the variable pay (performance bonus) for whole-

time directors is subject to malus, under which, the Company will

prevent vesting of all or part of the variable pay in the event of an

enquiry determining gross negligence or integrity breach.

•

in claw back arrangements with whole-time directors, the

employee agrees to return, in case asked for, the previously paid

variable pay to the Company in the event of an enquiry determining

gross negligence or integrity breach, taking into account relevant

regulatory stipulations.

managing director & Ceo of iCiCi prudential

life insurance Company limited

iCiCi prudential life insurance Company limited

(: managing director & Ceo)

service

iCiCi prudential pension Funds management

limited (non-executive director &

managing director & Ceo

deputy: managing director

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

din: 02578795

Sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Vyoma manek

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 25, 2020

managing director and Ceo

din:00943629

din:03620913

din:00066009

____________________

______________________

________________________

Puneet nanda

Satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

deputy: managing director

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary

din:02578795

____________________

Vyoma manek

Company secretary

place: mumbai

date: april 25, 2020

managing director & Ceo

deputy: managing director

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

din: 02578795

sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Vyoma manek

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 25, 2020

managing director & Ceo

deputy: managing director

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

din: 02578795

sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Vyoma manek

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 25, 2020

managing director & Ceo

din: 00066009

Puneet nanda

deputy: managing director

din: 02578795

sagar lakhani

partner

membership no. 111855

Khushroo B. Panthaky

partner

membership no. 042423

satyan Jambunathan

Chief Financial officer

asha murali

appointed actuary

Vyoma manek

Company secretary

place : mumbai

date : april 25, 2020

managing director & Ceo

din: 00066009

Puneet nanda

deputy: managing director

din: 02578795

sagar lakhani

partner

membership no. 111855

Khushroo B. Panthaky

partner

membership no. 042423

satyan Jambunathan

Chief Financial officer

asha murali

appointed actuary

Vyoma manek

Company secretary

place : mumbai

date : april 25, 2020

managing director & Ceo

din: 00066009

Puneet nanda

deputy: managing director

din: 02578795

sagar lakhani

partner

membership no. 111855

Khushroo B. Panthaky

partner

membership no. 042423

satyan Jambunathan

Chief Financial officer

asha murali

appointed actuary

Vyoma manek

Company secretary

place : mumbai

date : april 25, 2020

managing director and Ceo

puneet nanda, deputy: managing director

asha murali, appointed actuary

Relatives of Key management personnel as per as-18 disclosure

nature of relationship

name of the related party

Relatives of KmP

mr. n. s. Kannan

mr. puneet nanda

ms. asha murali

spouse

Kumudalakshmi rangarajan

deepti nanda

p. a. murali

Parent

narayanan sudha

Kul Bhushan nanda

p. s. nagaraj

asha nanda

Brother/ sister

narayanan raghunathan

pankaj nanda

rekha somayajula

narayanan rangarajan

Krishna nagaraj

children

aditi Kannan

rikhil nanda

rajiv murali

rishita nanda

schedules

forming part of consolidated financial statements (continued)

managing director & Ceo

deputy: managing director

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

din: 02578795

sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Vyoma manek

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 25, 2020

3.27. Previous year comparatives

previous year’s figures have been regrouped and reclassified wherever necessary to conform to current year’s presentation.

sr. no.

Regrouped from

Regrouped to

(` in ‘000)

Reason

the reclassification has been done primarily to comply the requirements as per irdai circular no. irda/F&a/Cir/misC/184/10/2019 dated 4th october 2019 and to align with the disclosure

requirements of irdai.

1

Revenue account:

Contribution from the shareholders' account

(contribution towards expense of management)

Revenue account:

Contribution from the shareholders' account:

- : towards excess of expense of management

- : towards deficit funding in revenue account

and others

2,317,848

2,954,182

the 'contribution from shareholders account' towards

expense of management in excess of the allowable

expenses shown separately in revenue account.

2

Profit and loss account:

Contribution from the policyholders' account

(contribution towards expense of management)

Profit and loss account:

Contribution to policyholders' account:

- : towards excess of expense of management

- : towards deficit funding in revenue account

and others

2,317,848

2,954,182

the 'contribution to policyholders’ account’ towards expense

of management in excess of the allowable expenses shown

separately in profit and loss account.

3

schedule 3a:

employees’ remuneration and welfare benefits

(Managerial remuneration)

Profit and loss account:

managerial remuneration

99,867

the contribution towards the remuneration of md/ Ceos/

wtds over and above the specified limits allowed to be

charged to the policyholders account, is shown separately

as a line item in the profit and loss account

4

schedule 3:

training expenses

(Rewards and/or remuneration to agents,

brokers or other intermediaries)

schedule 2:

rewards and/or remuneration to agents,

brokers or other intermediaries

525,173

rewards and/or remuneration to agents, brokers or other

intermediaries shown as part of head “Commission” in the

financial statements.

5

schedule 3:

training expenses

(Agent recruitment)

schedule 3:

miscellaneous

expenses

12,787

the reclassifications of agent recruitment cost from training

expense has been done for appropriate presentations.

6

schedule 3:

employees’ remuneration and welfare benefits

(Training expenses)

schedule 3:

training expenses

79,371

the reclassifications of training expense from employee

remuneration and welfare benefits has been done for

appropriate presentations.

7

schedule 3a:

others

(Repairs)

schedule 3a:

repairs

14,201 the reclassifications of repairs expense from others has

been done for appropriate presentations.

8

schedule 13:

other liabilities

(Payable to policyholders)

schedule 13:

payable to policyholders

2,236,815 the reclassifications of payable to policyholders from other

liabilities has been done for appropriate presentations.

9

Receipts and Payments:

payments of other operating expenses

(Rewards and/or remuneration

paid to agents, brokers or

other intermediaries)

Receipts and Payments:

payments of commission and brokerage

568,504

rewards and/or remuneration paid to agents, brokers or

other intermediaries is reclassified in line with the financials

letter from iCiCi

prudential, stating that, to the best of iCiCi prudential’s knowledge, the

data and information provided to us is accurate and complete and that

there are no material inaccuracies or omissions therein.

an actuarial assessment of the components of value of a life insurance

company will not necessarily be consistent with the value of a life

insurance company or a portfolio in the open market and should not be

interpreted in that manner.

the results are based on a series of assumptions as to future operating

experience. it should be recognised that actual experience will differ from

these assumptions on account of changes in the operating and economic

environment and natural variations in experience. to the extent that

actual experience is different from the assumptions, the future projected

profits based on which the results are derived, will also differ. the report

includes various sensitivity results to illustrate how vulnerable the iev and

vnB results are to changes in assumptions for the key risks. the results

shown are presented at the valuation dates stated and no warranty is

given by milliman that future experience after these valuation dates will be

in line with the assumptions made.

milliman is not a tax expert and is not able to provide tax or accounting

advice. accordingly, it is acknowledged that no reliance will be placed on

milliman, its partners, or employees with respect to any tax or accounting

issue. the allowance for taxation reflected in the results is based on

Company’s interpretation of applicable tax regulations. the results do not

reflect any allowance for withholding or other taxes (if any) that may apply

to the payment of future shareholder dividends or on remittances out of

india.

the results have been determined on a going concern basis, and assume

a stable economic, legal and regulatory environment going forward. any

change in the general operating environment would add a high degree of

uncertainty to the results. there is substantial uncertainty regarding the

impact of Covid-19 on the economic, legal, and regulatory environment,

and the level and nature of business activity, which could materially impact

the results.

unless explicitly stated, the results do not consider any external (including

regulatory) developments after the valuation date of 31 march 2020. the

results only reflect the impact of the fast developing Covid-19 pandemic

to the extent that they reflect economic conditions at 31 march 2020.

yours faithfully,

Richard holloway fiAi

partner:

