Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 196, 197 and 203 read with Schedule V and other relevant provisions of

Companies Act, 2013 and the rules notified thereunder (“the Act”), and provisions of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory

modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force), provisions of the Articles of Association of the

Company, email communication from State Bank of India, nominating Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma as the ‘Managing

Director and Chief Executive Officer of SBI Life Insurance Company Limited’ dated May 08, 2020, resolution of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors ratifying appointment of Mr. Mahesh Kumar

Sharma as the ‘: Managing

Letter of Authorization/ Power of Attorney (“PoA”), etc., authorizing their representative(s) to

attend and vote at this AGM through electronic means, through their registered email address to the e-voting service

provider viz., KFin Technologies Pvt. Ltd. (‘KFintech’) and/ or to the Scrutinizer viz., Mr. N L Bhatia (CP No. 422),

Practicing Company Secretary on their email addresses i.e. evoting@kfintech.com and navnitlb@nlba.in

VI.

In case of joint holders, a member whose name appears as the first holder as per the Register of Members will be

entitled to cast vote at the AGM.

VII.

In compliance with the regulatory provisions, the Annual Report of the Company for FY 2019-20 along with AGM

Notice has been sent electronically only to those shareholders who have registered their email addresses with their

3:

letter etc. together

with attested specimen signature of the duly authorised signatory(ies) who is/are authorised to vote, to

the Scrutinizer through email at navnitlb@nlba.in and may also upload the same in the e-voting module

in their login. The scanned image of the above documents should be in the naming format ‘BAL_EVENT

No.’

xii.

Members can cast their vote online Monday, September 21, 2020 and ends at 5.00 p.m. IST on

Wednesday, September 23, 2020. Voting beyond the said date shall not be allowed and the remote e-

voting facility shall be blocked.

xiii.

In case of any queries/grievances, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Members

and e-voting User Manual available at the ‘download’ section of https://evoting.karvy.com or call

KFintech on 1800 345 4001 (toll free).

7.

In case of a member whose e-mail address is not registered / updated with the Company / KFintech / Depository

Participant(s); please refer following steps to generate your login credentials:

i.

Members holding shares in physical mode, who have not registered / updated their email addresses with

the Company, are requested to register / update the same by writing to the Company with details of folio

number and attaching a self-attested copy of PAN card at investor@sbilife.co.in or to KFintech at

einward.ris@kfintech.com

ii.

Members holding shares in dematerialised mode who have not registered their e-mail addresses with

their Depository Participant(s) are requested to register /update their email addresses with the Depository

Participant(s) with whom they maintain their demat accounts.

iii.

After due verification, the Company / KFintech will forward your login credentials to your registered email

address.

iv.

Follow the instructions as mentioned under Notes - B to cast your vote.

8.

The e-Voting “Thumb sign” on the left hand corner of the video screen shall be activated upon instructions of the

chairman during the AGM proceedings electronically. Shareholders shall click on the same to take them to the

“instapoll” page.

9.

Members to click on the “Instapoll” icon to reach the resolution page and follow the instructions to vote on the

resolutions.

10. Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM through VC and have not casted their vote on the

Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote

through e-Voting system available during the AGM.

11. Since the AGM will be held through VC/ OAVM, the Route Map is not annexed to this Notice.

By order of the Board of Directors

For SBI Life Insurance Company Limited

Sd/-

Vinod Koyande

Company Secretary

A33696

Place: Mumbai

Date: August 20, 2020

Registered Office:

“Natraj”,

M.V. Road,

Western Express Highway Junction,

Andheri (East),

Mumbai – 400069

CIN - L99999MH2000PLC129113

7:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the

Company

Pursuant to provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company, State Bank of India by way of its email dated May 08,

2020, nominated Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma as the ‘: Managing

letter for appointment of Independent Director setting out the terms and conditions would be available

for inspection without any fee by the members at the Corporate Office of the Company during normal business hours on

any working day.

Other than Mr. Deepak Amin, Independent Director of the Company to whom the resolution relates, none of the Directors

and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives is concerned or interested, financial or otherwise, in the

resolution set out at Item No. 4. This Explanatory Statement may also be regarded as a disclosure under regulation 27 of

the Listing Regulations with the Stock Exchange and the Secretarial Standard - 2.

The brief profile of Mr. Deepak Amin, in terms of Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the Secretarial

Standards on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by Institute of Company Secretaries of India (‘ICSI’), is annexed to this

notice.

ITEM NO. 5

Pursuant to Sections 149, 150, 152, Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 as amended and read with the applicable

notifications issued thereunder (“Companies Act, 2013), it is proposed to appoint Ms. Sunita Sharma (DIN:02949529) as

Independent Director of the Company for a term of 3 (three) consecutive years up to August 19 , 2023.

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on August 20, 2020, on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and based on the qualification background, experience, her association would be beneficial to

the Company and the Board and it is desirable to appoint her as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to

retire by rotation. In the opinion of the Board, she fulfills the conditions specified in Sections 149, 150, 152, Schedule IV of

the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and regulation 25 of the

Listing Regulations. It is therefore proposed that she will be appointed as an Independent Director of the Company in

compliance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations. Accordingly, her tenure of appointment

for 3 (three) years commencing from August 20, 2020 upto August 19, 2023 is in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013

and the Listing Regulations.

Keeping in compliance with the provisions of Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule IV of the said

Act, the appointment of Ms. Sunita Sharma as Independent Director is now being placed before the members for approval

by passing an Ordinary Resolution. The Company has received a notice proposing the candidature of Ms. Sunita Sharma

for the office of director under Section 160 of the Act.

Ms. Sunita Sharma is not disqualified from being appointed as Directors in terms of Section 164 of the Act and have

consented to act as Director of the Company. The Company has also received declarations from Ms. Sharma confirming

compliance of Section 149(6) of the Act. In opinion of the Board, Ms. Sharma fulfills the conditions specified in the Act and

the Rules made there under and Ms. Sharma is independent of management.

Other than Ms. Sunita Sharma, Independent Director of the Company to whom the resolution relates, none of the Directors

and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives is concerned or interested, financial or otherwise, in the

resolution set out at Item No. 5. This Explanatory Statement may also be regarded as a disclosure under regulation 27 of

the Listing Regulations with the Stock Exchange and the Secretarial Standard - 2.

The brief profile of Ms. Sunita Sharma, in terms of Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the Secretarial

Standards on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by Institute of Company Secretaries of India (‘ICSI’), is annexed to this

notice.

ITEM NO. 6

Pursuant to Sections 149, 150, 152, Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 as amended and read with the applicable

notifications issued thereunder (“Companies Act, 2013), it is proposed to appoint Mr. Ashutosh Pednekar (DIN:00026049)

as Independent Director of the Company for a term of term of 3 (three) consecutive years up to August 19, 2023.

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on August 20, 2020, on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and based on the qualification background, experience, his association would be beneficial to

the Company and the Board and it is desirable to appoint him as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to

retire by rotation. In the opinion of the Board, he fulfills the conditions specified in Sections 149, 150, 152, Schedule IV of

9:

Managing Director of LIC

of India (2017-2019) and over the

three decades she was with LIC of

India. Ms. Sharma has awarded

as Best HR of the year and

Housing Finance Company of the

Year, Women Super Achiever In

Real Estate Sector etc.

Mr. Ashutosh Pednekar has more

than 28 years of experience in the

field

of

Banking/

Insurance/

Financial Services / Infrastructure

/ Utilities / Manufacturing. He is

Partner of M P Chitale & Co.,

Chartered

Accountants

since

1992. He was involved in the

External Review Group set up by

the RBI. He was also headed the

firm’s

Assurance

Services

practice

including

Information

Systems

Risk

Assessment,

Review, Mitigation & Assurance

Services.

Mr. Narayan K. Seshadri has

more than 30 years of experience

in

the

field

of

accounting,

auditing, litigation support etc.

and industry experience includes

manufacturing, process, health

care, financial services, utilities,

infrastructure and technology.

Mr. Seshadri worked with some

large

Fortune

500/FTSE

100

companies to small start-ups in

various international jurisdictions.

Date of first

appointment on the

Board

May 09, 2020

September 07, 2017

August 20, 2020

August 20, 2020

August 20, 2020

Terms and

Conditions of

appointment or re-

appointment

Refer to the Resolution and

Explanatory Statement for

Item No. 3

Refer to the Resolution and

Explanatory Statement for

Item No. 4

Refer to the Resolution and

Explanatory Statement for

Item No. 5

Refer to the Resolution and

Explanatory Statement for

Item No. 6

Refer to the Resolution and

Explanatory Statement for

Item No. 7

Remuneration sought

to be paid

Remuneration is payable as per

SBI’s terms and conditions

Sitting Fees for attending Board and Committees Meetings

Shareholding in the

Company as on the

date of this notice

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

11:

Dear Stakeholders,

At the onset, let me wish all of you and every member of your family the

best of health and well-being. We are living through difficult times —

a global health crisis of unimaginable scale has taken a huge toll on lives and

livelihoods. Even in these unprecedented times, we continue to deliver on

our pledge of making available a wide range of products and services in the

life insurance and pension segments across all corners of the nation. In our

ultimate pursuit of protecting the future of our customers, we have cemented

our position as a leader among private life insurers.

We are pleased to report yet another year of

robust all-round performance as we remain

the leader among private players in terms

of individual NBP and IRP. Our performance

vis-à-vis the industry is largely attributable

to the relentless efforts of our people and

various business partners, who have provided

seamless support on all fronts. With their

unwavering dedication, we are confident of

achieving more, together.

In FY20, PAT increased to `14.22 billion from

`13.27 billion in FY19 and GWP grew 23.2%

y-o-y to `406.35 billion. On an actual tax

rate basis, our Indian Embedded Value (IEV)

reached `262.91 billion, as on March 31,

2020, from `224.02 billion, as on March 31,

2019. This performance against the backdrop

of a slowing economy and intensifying

competition speaks volumes about our

strong fundamentals.

The global economy has witnessed its

weakest growth since the financial crisis of

FY09, due to US-China trade tensions and

increased protectionism, weak consumption

and sluggish business sentiment. The novel

coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak in the fourth

quarter of FY20 and the subsequent nationwide

lockdown to contain the spread brought

major global economies, including India, to

a standstill. India recorded its slowest GDP

growth in 11 years at 4.2%, down from 6.1%

a year earlier.

The varied restrictions on mobility and other

non-essential economic activities in light of

the pandemic pose a significant challenge

for businesses worldwide, which is further

12

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited:

Dear Stakeholders,

I am pleased to share that SBI Life delivered another year of impeccable

performance on all fronts. Our strong brand recall, unparalleled distribution

network, robust digital platforms, rich management expertise and invaluable

human assets have enabled us to maintain our leadership in the private life

insurance space.

As always, Customers remain at the heart

of our actions. The relentless efforts of all

our stakeholders has played a crucial role

in achieving the ultimate goal of a happy

customer. We crossed the `400 billion mark

in GWP, covering the lives of 8.9 million

customers in FY20 with an AUM of `1.6 trillion.

We continue to focus on developing solutions

that delight customers and, in turn, contribute

to higher profitability and sustainable value.

ROBUST ALL-ROUND PERFORMANCE REFLECTS

FUNDAMENTAL STRENGTH

In FY20, we continued to be India’s leading

private life insurer by IRP and individual NBP.

We were able to outperform the industry

average despite a challenging macroeconomic

environment and large-scale disruptions

at the end of the fourth quarter due to the

pandemic outbreak.

We registered a 20.3% growth in NBP

wherein our individual NBP grew 16.7% y-o-y

to `112.45 billion. The continued focus on

the protection business resulted in an overall

growth of 26.7% with NBP for individual

protection registering an impressive growth

of 42.5%. Our renewal premiums grew

25.2% to `240.42 billion and GWP grew

23.2% to `406.35 billion. Growth in single

premium at 42.9% enabled us to cross the

`400 billion mark in GWP.

We have maintained stable profitability

during the year under review, with PAT

increasing to `14.22 billion from `13.27 billion.

On an actual tax rate basis, IEV rose to

`262.91 billion, as on March 31, 2020, from

`224.02 billion as on March 31, 2019. VoNB grew

17% to `20.12 billion, while VoNB margin

improved from 17.7% to 18.7%. The 13th

month persistency ratio improved to 86.1%

from 85.1%, which reflects the commitment

to provide customers with continued cover.

Mis-selling ratio dropped to 0.09% from

We outperformed the industry average, despite

a challenging macroeconomic environment and

large-scale disruptions at the end of the fourth

quarter due to the pandemic outbreak.

14

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

15

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Additional Information

Integrated Report

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20:

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma holds a

Master of Science degree in Physical

Chemistry and is also a Certified

Anti-Money Laundering Specialist

and Certified Associate of the Indian

Institute of Bankers. He brings with

him over 29 years of experience in

the banking sector. He has undertaken

many important assignments in

State Bank of India, including overseas

assignments as IBTO in the Paris office

and as Chief Executive Officer of Tel Aviv

branch. In his last assignment, he was

the Regional Head, East Asia at Hong

Kong in the Bank.

MR. RAJNISH KUMAR

Chairman

Mr. Rajnish Kumar is also the

Chairman of the State Bank Group.

He has been with State Bank of

India (SBI) for over three decades,

having joined as a Probationary

Officer in 1980. He has 40 years

of experience in the banking and

financial services industry. He holds a

master’s degree in Physics. He is also

a Certified Associate of the Indian

Institute of Bankers.

MR. RAJ NARAIN BHARDWAJ

Independent Director

Mr. Raj Narain Bhardwaj has rich

experience in insurance. He served

as the: Managing Director of LIC

and retired as the company’s

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma holds a

Master of Science degree in Physical

Chemistry and is also a Certified

Anti-Money Laundering Specialist

& Certified Associate of the Indian

Institute of Bankers. He brings with

him over 29 years of experience in the

banking sector. He has undertaken

many important assignments in

State Bank of India including overseas

assignments as IBTO in the Paris office

and as Chief Executive Officer of the

Tel Aviv branch. In his last assignment,

he was Regional Head, East Asia at

Hong Kong in State Bank of India.

MR. ABHIJIT GULANIKAR

President - Business Strategy

Mr. Abhijit Gulanikar has 21 years of

experience in life insurance, general

insurance, banking and corporate

finance. He holds a bachelor’s

degree in Commerce, a postgraduate

diploma in Management from the

Indian Institute of Management,

Ahmadabad, and is an associate

of the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India.

MR. SANJEEV PUJARI

President Actuarial and Risk Management

& Chief Risk Officer

Mr. Sanjeev Pujari has 34 years of

experience in life insurance. He has

a bachelor’s degree in Science,

a master’s degree in Physics. He is

a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries

of India and holds a diploma from

the Faculty of Actuaries, Institute

of Actuaries, UK.

MR. SANGRAMJIT SARANGI

President & Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi has 20 years

of experience in life insurance and

mutual fund. He holds a bachelor’s

degree in Commerce and Law and is

a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India.

MR. ANAND PEJAWAR

President Operations, Information

Technology and International Business

Mr. Anand Pejawar has more

than 27 years of experience in life

insurance. He has a bachelor’s

degree in Science and holds a

diploma in Financial Management.

MR. SUBHENDU KUMAR BAL

Appointed Actuary

Mr. Subhendu Kumar Bal has

26 years of experience in life

insurance. He holds a postgraduate

degree in Statistics and is a Fellow of

the Institute of Actuaries of India.

M

M

M

M

M

M

M

M

As on August 20, 2020

64

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited:

letter to reach customer

and customer is not aware of the reason of this

credit into his account. In order to bridge this

gap, department initiated an SMS / Email service

to the customer that goes on the same day of

the crediting of the amount resulting into faster

intimation to the customer regarding the nature

of Credit received.

B.

UNDERWRITING

Underwriting is a critically important function that

aims at assessing and booking of the correct risk

with adequately understanding the same based on

the information provided. Underwriting guidelines

are subject to change with the introduction of new

products / processes / systems or revision in legal

and regulatory aspects. In line with the focus on

digitalization, various initiatives were undertaken

in the year under review to ensure simplified and

seamless processing and issuance of proposals.

Individual Business:

Digital Moral Hazard Report (e-MHR)

Introduction of e-MHR has eased the

process of physical paper submission of

MHR. The digital format of MHR is now

authenticated through the digital credentials

of the person submitting the said MHR. It is

validated through an OTP sent on registered

mobile number of sales intermediary.

Digital MHR can also be submitted through

Smart Advisor Application developed by the

company especially for the sales personnel.

Additional measures for Risk mitigation

Introduction of negative location guidelines in NB

Workflow:

This has been introduced with an aim to

curtail adverse selection of lives and also

adverse claims. Proposals sourced from

negative location (locations where early

claim ratio is high) are identified in Workflow

system

itself.

Differential

underwriting

guidelines are then applied for such

proposals for better assessment of the risk.

Use of surrogate documents for underwriting of

Term insurance proposals:

Financial underwriting for term plans is an

important function and have been extended

to offer pure term cover basis surrogate

documents

for

occupations

such

as

Businessman / Self-employed categories /

Housewives and Agriculturists (which was

not provided earlier) provided they meet

certain basic criteria’s. SBIL has started

offering Term life plans to Retired Defense

personnel also.

Conducting of required Medical through

Videography: Video MER

A new process has been launched by the

company for compliance of mandatory

medical reports through video MER. In this

process certified technicians conduct the

required medical through home visit under

the supervision of Doctor sitting at central

location of TPA. The process eliminates

major risk of impersonation and at the

same time ensures accuracy in medical

examination without customer requiring to

visit the medical center.

Important changes in Underwriting guidelines and

processes in Credit portfolio (RiNn Raksha):

Increase in Auto Underwriting limits:

Auto Underwriting limits have been revised

to ease the processing of cases. The limit has

been revised to ` 1 crore for SBI Home loan.

Revision in financial underwriting requirements:

The financial underwriting guidelines have

been reviewed taking into consideration the

97

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20:

letter of grant.

During the year the NRC in its meeting held on July 23,

2019 has approved the grant of the Employee Stock

Options (‘Options’) under the provisions of ESOS 2018.

No employee was granted options during one year

amounting to five percent or more of options granted

during that year. Similarly, no employee was granted

options during any one year, equal to or exceeding

one percent of the issued capital of the company at

the time of grant.

During the year FY 2020, the Company has not granted

any loan to its employees for purchasing shares

of the Company.

The Scheme is in compliance with Securities

and

Exchange

Board

of

India

(Share

Based

Employee Benefits) Regulations 2014, as amended

from time to time (‘SEBI SBEB Regulations’).

Further, there are no changes in the scheme.

The below disclosures pursuant to the SEBI SBEB

Regulations have been placed on website of the

Company

at

https://www.sbilife.co.in/en/about-us/

investor-relations.

The disclosures pursuant to SEBI SBEB Regulations,

Guidance Note on accounting for employee share

based payments, disclosure of diluted EPS in

accordance with ‘Accounting Standard 20 - Earnings

Per Share’ issued by ICAI or any other relevant

accounting standard have been disclosed in the Notes

to Accounts which form part of financial statements in

the Annual Report.

20. PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT

THE WORKPLACE

Your Company has an Internal Committee to

investigate and inquire into sexual harassment

complaints in line with The Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition &

Redressal) Act, 2013. Your Company has in place a

policy on Anti-Sexual Harassment, which reflects

the Company’s zero-tolerance towards any form of

prejudice, gender bias and sexual harassment at

the workplace. Your Company has set up an Internal

Committee (‘IC’) to receive and redress complaints of

sexual harassment. Your Company undertakes ongoing

trainings to create awareness on this policy. During FY

2019-20, all employees were mandated to take online

training on the subject with help of specially designed

module, ‘Prathishta’ so that they understand the

anti-sexual harassment policy, the complete framework

adopted by the Company to report and resolve

instances of sexual harassment etc., details of which

have been mentioned in the Business Responsibility

105

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20:

Managing Director & CEO is placed at the

Board Audit Committee on a quarterly basis.

The Company has also formulated various internal

policies and procedures relating to working of various

functions to ensure compliance.

23. INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS

The Companies Act, 2013 requires the Board of

Directors, to lay down adequate and effective internal

financial controls with reference to the Financial

106

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

March 10, 2020

Mr. Somasekhar Sundaresan

Ceased as Independent Director due to resignation

November 21, 2019

Ms. Joji Sekhon Gill

Re-appointed as Independent Director for second term

September 7, 2019

Mr. Nimesh Maniyar

Ceased as Company Secretary due to resignation

July 23, 2019

Mr. Vinod Koyande

Appointed as a Company Secretary by Board

July 23, 2019

Mr. Pierre De Portier De Villeneuve

Ceased as Nominee Director due to resignation

June 27, 2019

Mr. Julien Hautiere- Rey

Ceased as Deputy Chief Executive Officer due to resignation

May 31, 2019

Key Managerial Personnel

Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal (: Managing

Managing Director & CEO alongwith

the senior management officials of the Company

participate on a call with the analysts / shareholders.

The Company’s investor relations personnel respond

to specific queries and play a proactive role in

disseminating information to both analysts and

investors. All information which could have a material

bearing on the Company’s share price is released

through as per regulatory requirements.

45. BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

Business Responsibility Report as stipulated under

Regulation 34 of the Listing Regulations form part of

the Annual Report and has been hosted on the website

of the Company https://www.sbilife.co.in/en/about-us/

investor-relations/annual-reports

46. INTEGRATED REPORTING

The Securities Exchange Board of India had

recommended top 500 listed entities to voluntarily

prepare their Annual Report adopting the principles of

Integrated Reporting prescribed by the International

Integrated Reporting Council.

In view of the above, the Company has voluntarily

adopted the principles of integrated reporting for

preparing this Annual Report.

47. IRDAI LICENSE

The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority

of India (IRDAI) have renewed the annual license of

the Company to continue the Life Insurance Business

for the FY 2021.

48. OTHER INFORMATION

A.

Economic Capital:

The annual assessment of economic capital of

SBI Life was carried out as on March 31, 2020.

As part of this exercise, we have quantified the

risk capital requirements relating to various risks

such as Insurance Risks (Mortality risk, Lapse

Risk, Expense Risk, etc.) and Non- Insurance

Risks (Market Risk, Operational Risk, Default

Risk etc.). The cost of guarantee for the products

wherever applicable, is also calculated. A large

part of the Company’s portfolio is now monitored

112

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Date: August 20, 2020

DIN: 008740737

113

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20:

letter and in spirit.

The imperative need to have good governance surfaced

to demarcate the division between its ownership and its

management. Concept of corporate governance rests on

the fulcrum of transparency behind all decisions taken,

accountability for the said decisions and safeguarding the

interests of stakeholders.

Company continues to lay great emphasis on the highest

standards of Corporate Governance which are an integral

part of all Company activities to ensure efficient conduct of

the affairs of the Company, without compromising its core

values. Effective corporate governance practices constitute

the strong foundation on which successful commercial

enterprises are built to last.

Through the Governance mechanism in the Company,

the Board along with its Committees undertakes its

fiduciary responsibilities to all its stakeholders by ensuring

transparency, accountability, fairness and independence in

its decision making.

COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CODE OF CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE:

Company’s philosophy on Corporate Governance is

laid on a foundation of Integrity, Excellence and Ethical

values, which have been in practice since its inception.

Strong leadership and effective corporate governance

practices have been the Company’s inherited values from

the SBI culture and ethos. The Board is committed to

meet expectation of all the stakeholders and strive hard

to fulfill them. SBI Life, in this pursuit, places emphasis in

the philosophy of Corporate Governance by embedding

values like transparency, accountability, integrity and fair

disclosures in the Company Structure. This is ensured by

taking ethical business decisions and conducting business

with a firm commitment to values.

The Company believes in adopting and adhering to the best

standards of corporate governance. Certain tenets of our

Corporate Governance Philosophy are:

Appropriate

composition,

size

of

the

Board

and

commitment

to

adequately

discharge

its

responsibilities and duties;

Transparency

and

independence

in

the

functions of the Board;

Maximum disclosure of information to the Board

and its Committees for focused and meaningful

discussions in the meetings;

Operating in a sound system of internal control

and risk management with a thrust on integrity and

accountability;

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Independent verification and assured integrity of

financial reporting;

Timely and adequate disclosure of all material

information to all stakeholders;

Compliance

of

applicable

laws,

rules,

regulations & guidelines;

Fair and equitable treatment of all its stakeholders

including

employees,

vendors,

policyholders

and shareholders.

The Company complies with the Corporate Governance

Guidelines issued by the IRDAI. Further, the Company

also complies with the Corporate Governance provisions

prescribed under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)

and as amended thereto.

(I)

Board of Directors (‘Board’)

The composition of the Board of Directors of

the Company is governed by the provisions of

Companies Act, 2013, Listing Regulations issued by

SEBI and Corporate Governance Guidelines, 2016

issued by IRDAI.

The Directors of the Company are from diverse

backgrounds and enjoy a wide range of experience

and expertise in various fields. The Company has

established systems and procedures to ensure that

its Board is well informed and well equipped to

discharge its overall responsibilities and provide the

Management with the strategic direction catering to

exigency of long term shareholders value.

The Board of Directors comprises of Executive

director, Non-Executive Non-independent directors as

well as Independent Directors. There is an optimum

combination

of

Executive,

Non-Executive

and

Independent Directors. Except the: Managing Director

and CEO, all other directors including

Managing Director & CEO.

As per Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations, the

number of Committees (Audit Committee and Stakeholders

Relationship Committee) of public limited companies in

which a director is a member or chairman is within the

limits prescribed under the said regulation.

The Board functions either as a full Board or through

various Committees constituted to oversee specific

areas. The Board has constituted nine Committees,

namely, Board Audit Committee, Board Risk Management

Committee,

Board

Investment

Committee,

Board

Policyholders’ Protection Committee, Board Nomination

and Remuneration Committee, Board Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee, Board Stakeholders Relationship

Committee, Board with Profits Committee and Board

Information Technology & Information Security Committee.

The quorum of the Board is three members or one-third

members, whichever is higher

The Chairman of the Board, Mr. Rajnish Kumar, is a

Non-Executive Director.

The composition of the Board of Directors as on March 31, 2020 is as under:

Sr.

No.

Name of the Director (DIN)

Number of other Directorships in

Number of other

Committee

Membership#

Directorship in other listed entity (Category of Directorship)

Indian Public Limited

Companies*

Other

Companies@

Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director, Nominated by SBI

1

Mr. Rajnish Kumar

(05328267)

3

NIL

NIL

1. State Bank of India (Chairman)

2. SBI Cards and Payment Services

Limited (Non-Executive - Nominee

Director-Chairperson)

2

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara

(06737041)

6

3

6

1. State Bank of India (: Managing Director)

2. SBI Cards and Payment Services

Limited (Non-Executive, Nominee

Director)

3

Mr. P K Gupta $

(02895343)

2

NIL

2

1. State Bank of India (Managing Director)

Non-Executive, Independent Director

4

Mr. Nilesh S. Vikamsey

(00031213)

8

NIL

8

1. SBI Cards and Payment Services

Limited (Non-Executive, Independent

Director)

2. Navneet Education Limited (Non-

Executive Director)

3. Thomas Cook (India) Limited (Non-

Executive, Independent Director)

4. PNB Housing Finance Limited (Non-

Executive, Independent Director)

5. IIFL Finance Limited (Non-Executive,

Independent Director)

6. IIFL Wealth Management Limited

(

Managing Director & CEO w.e.f. May 08, 2020 and Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma was inducted as Managing

Director & CEO w.e.f. May 09, 2020.

BRIEF PROFILE OF THE DIRECTORS

Sr.

No.

Name of the Director

Qualification

Field of Specialization/ skills/ expertise/ competencies fundamental for the effective

functioning of the Company

1

Mr. Rajnish Kumar

M.Sc. (Physics) and CAIIB

More than 40 years of experience in Banking Industry

and Financial Services. Knowledge and skills of strong

management and leadership experience, including in

areas of business development, strategic planning,

banking, investments and finance.

2

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara

M.Com, MBA and Associate from

Indian Institute of Bankers

More than 35 years of experience in all facets of

commercial banking such as retail credit, international

banking operations, branch management etc.

Knowledge and skills in accounting and finance, business

judgment, general management practices and processes,

crisis response and management, industry knowledge,

macro-economic perspectives, human resources, labour

laws, international markets, sales and marketing, and risk

management.

3

Mr. P. K. Gupta

B.Com, A.C.S., CAIIB (Both parts)

More than 38 years of experience in Banking Industry

across retail and digital banking, compliance and risk,

merchant banking, and international banking.

4

Mr. Nilesh S. Vikamsey

B.Com, FCA

Practicing Chartered Accountant having experience of

35 years in the fields of auditing, taxation, corporate and

personal advisory services, business and management

consulting services, due diligence, valuations, inspections,

investigation.

Knowledge and skills in accounting and finance,

experience in developing and implementing good

corporate governance practices, maintaining board and

management accountability, managing stakeholders’

interests and Company’s responsibilities towards

customers, employees, suppliers, regulatory bodies and

the communities in which it operates.

5

Mr. Ravi Rambabu

B.Com, FCA

Practicing Chartered Accountant having experience of

more than 43 years in handling income tax cases, audit

of various corporate and non-corporate organizations and

corporate advisory in the areas of finance and accounting.

Knowledge and skills in governance, risk management,

accounting and finance.

116

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited:

Managing Director of LIC and retired as Chairman of LIC.

Knowledge and skills in the field of Insurance and

governance.

7

Ms. Joji Sekhon Gill

Bachelor in Economics (Science)

and Masters in Personnel

Management and Industrial

Relations

Experience and expertise in the field of Human Resources

and Personnel Management

8

Mr. Deepak Amin

Bachelors in Computer Science

and Engineering and post graduate

degree in Computer Science

Experience in the field of Information Technology and Risk

Management

9

Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal

Bachelor's Degree in Arts, Master’s

Degree in Business Administration

and CAIIB

More than 34 years in the field of banking.

Knowledge and skills in Strategy, Corporate Planning,

Banking and Insurance.

BOARD MEETINGS

Notice, Agenda and Minutes

The meetings of the Board of Directors are usually held

in Mumbai where the registered office of the Company is

situated. The Board meets at least once in every quarter,

a minimum of four (4) meetings are held in a financial

year to review financial results and other regular agendas.

The Board also meets as and when necessary to address

specific issues concerning the businesses of the Company.

The Board Meetings are governed by a structured Agenda.

The Agenda along with detailed explanatory notes and

supporting material are circulated in advance before

each meeting to all the Directors for facilitating effective

discussion and decision making. The proceedings of each

meeting of the Board and its Committees are conducted in

accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

and rules made thereunder.

The Companies Act, 2013 read with rules issued there

under, allows conducting of meetings through audio-visual

means or video-conferencing. Accordingly, the Directors

are given an option to participate at the meetings through

video conferencing mode.

In case of a special and urgent business need, the Board’s

approval is taken by passing resolutions by circulation, as

permitted by the Companies Act, 2013, which is confirmed

in the next Board Meeting.

The Company Secretary is responsible for collation,

review, preparation and distribution of the Agenda papers

submitted to the Board and preparation of minutes.

The Company Secretary attends all the meetings of the

Board and its Committees. The Company Secretary acts

as a mediator between the Board of Directors and other

stakeholders to ensure proper flow of information for the

smooth functioning of the business operations.

With a view to leverage on technology and as a Go Green

initiative, the notice and agenda papers of Board and Board

Committee meetings including presentations are circulated

to the members and invitees in soft copy.

NUMBER OF BOARD MEETINGS HELD DURING FY 2019-20

During the year under review, six (6) Board Meetings

were held on the following dates as against the minimum

requirement of four (4) meetings and the time gap

between two successive Board meetings did not exceed

more than 120 days.

April 25, 2019

July 23, 2019

October 15, 2019

December 24, 2019

January 22, 2020

March 04, 2020

117

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20:

Managing Director & CEO w.e.f. May 08, 2020 and Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma was inducted as: Managing Director

& CEO w.e.f. May 09, 2020.

(II) Committees of the Board of Directors

The Committees constituted by the Board play a very

important role in the governance structure of the

Company and they deal in specific areas or activities

that need closure or review. The Committees have

been set up under the formal approval of the Board

to carry out pre-defined roles and responsibilities.

The terms of reference of these Committees are in

line with the requirements of the Companies Act,

2013, Corporate Governance Guidelines issued by

IRDAI and Listing Regulations. The minutes of all the

Committee meetings are placed before the Board of

Directors. The

Managing Director

& CEO, President & Chief Financial Officer, Chief

Investments Officer, President – Actuarial & Risk

Management and Appointed Actuary. As per

IRDAI regulations Board Investment Committee

shall comprise of Appointed Actuary, Chief

Investment Officer, Chief Financial Officer and

Chief Risk Officer as members.

The members of the Committee are fully

conversant with the various responsibilities

casted on them by IRDAI (Investment) Regulations

and any amendments thereto. Mr. Raj Narain

Bhardwaj, Independent Director, is the Chairman

of the Committee. The Company Secretary acts

as the Secretary to the Committee.

The quorum of the Committee is three members

or one-third members, whichever is higher.

Number of Board Investment Committee Meetings

held during FY 2019-20

During the year under review, four (4) Board

Investment Committee Meetings were held on

the following dates and the time gap between any

two meetings was not more than four months.

April 23, 2019

July 22, 2019

October 14, 2019

January 21, 2020

Attendance of Members

The composition and attendance of the Board

Investment Committee held during the FY

2019-20 are as follows:

Name of the Committee Member

Meetings held

during the

tenure of the

Member

Number of

Meetings

attended

Mr. Raj Narain Bhardwaj -

Chairman

4

4

Mr. Nilesh S. Vikamsey

4

2

Mr. Ravi Rambabu

4

4

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara

4

0

Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal#

4

4

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar Pujari

4

3

Mr. Gopikrishna Shenoy

4

4

Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi

4

4

Mr. Subhendu Kumar Bal

4

4

# Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal resigned as: Managing

Managing Director & CEO. Mr. Ravi Rambabu,

Independent Director, is the Chairman of the

Committee. The quorum of the Committee

is three members or one-third members,

whichever is higher.

Number of Board Risk Management Committee

Meetings held during FY 2019-20

During the year under review, four (4) Board Risk

Management Committee Meetings were held on

the following dates and the time gap between any

two meetings was not more than four months:

April 23, 2019

July 22, 2019

October 14, 2019

January 21, 2020

Attendance of Members

The details of composition and attendance

at the Company’s Board Risk Management

Committee Meetings held during the FY 2019-20

are as follows:

Name of the Committee Member

Meetings

held during

the tenure of

the Member

Number of

Meetings

attended

Mr. Ravi Rambabu - Chairman

4

4

Mr. Nilesh S. Vikamsey

4

4

Mr. Raj Narain Bhardwaj

4

4

Mr. Deepak Amin

4

4

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara

4

1

Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal#

4

4

#Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal resigned as: Managing

Managing Director & CEO. Mr. Raj Narain

Bhardwaj, Independent Director is the Chairman

of the Committee. The quorum of the Committee

is three members or one-third members,

whichever is higher.

Number of Board Policyholder Protection Committee

Meetings held during FY 2019-20

During the year under review, four (4) Board

Policyholder Protection Committee Meetings

were held on the following dates and the time

gap between any two meetings was not more

than four months:

April 23, 2019

July 22, 2019

October 14, 2019

January 21, 2020

Attendance of Members

The details of composition and attendance at

the Company’s Board Policyholder Protection

Committee Meetings held during the FY 2019-20

are as follows:

Name of the Committee Member

Meetings held

during the

tenure of the

Member

Number of

Meetings

attended

Mr. Raj Narain Bhardwaj

- Chairman

4

4

Mr. Nilesh S. Vikamsey

4

3

Mr. Ravi Rambabu

4

4

Ms. Joji Sekhon Gill

4

0

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara

4

0

Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal#

4

4

# Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal resigned as: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, President – Actuarial

& Risk Management and Chief Risk Officer,

President & Chief Financial Officer and EVP &

Chief of HR & Management Services. Mr. Raj

Narain Bhardwaj, Independent Director, is the

Chairman of the Committee. The quorum of

the Committee is three members or one-third

members, whichever is higher.

A detailed report on CSR activities is enclosed as

Annexure - II of the Directors’ report.

Number of Board Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee Meetings held during FY 2019-20

During the year under review, four (4) Board

Corporate

Social

Responsibility

Committee

Meetings were held on the following dates:

April 23, 2019

July 22, 2019

October 14, 2019

January 21, 2020

Attendance of Members

The details of composition and attendance at the

Company’s Board Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee meetings held during the FY 2019-20

are as follows:

Name of the Committee Member

Meetings held

during the

tenure of the

Member

Number of

Meetings

attended

Mr. Raj Narain Bhardwaj -

Chairman

4

4

Mr. Ravi Rambabu

4

4

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara

4

0

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar Pujari

4

3

Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi

4

4

Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal#

4

4

Ms. Manjula

Kalyanasundaram*

4

4

# Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal resigned as: Managing Director & CEO

w.e.f. May 08, 2020 and Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma was

inducted as Managing Director & CEO w.e.f. May 09, 2020

*Ms. Manjula Kalyanasundaram ceased to be the member

of the Committee w.e.f. May 19, 2020 and Ms. Seema

Trikannad inducted as a member of the Committee

w.e.f. May 20, 2020

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee are set out below:

1.

To formulate and recommend to the Board, a

Corporate Social Responsibility Policy which

shall indicate the activities to be undertaken

by the Company;

2.

To recommend the amount of expenditure

to be incurred on the Corporate Social

Responsibility activities; and

3.

To

monitor

the

Corporate

Social

Responsibility

Policy

of

the

Company

from time to time.

G.

Board With Profits Committee

The Board With Profits Committee is constituted

pursuant

to

IRDAI

(Non-linked

Insurance

Products) Regulations, 2019. The Committee

has been constituted to deliberate on issues like

investment income earned on the fund, working

of asset share etc. The report of the Committee is

required to be appended to the Actuarial Report

and Abstract. The Committee consists of one (1)

Independent Director, one (1) Nominee Director,

one (1) Managing Director & CEO, President –

Actuarial & Risk Management and Chief Risk

Officer, Appointed Actuary and Independent

Actuary. As per IRDAI regulations With Profit

Committee shall comprise of Chief Financial

Officer, Independent Actuary and Appointed

Actuary. Mr. Raj Narain Bhardwaj, Independent

Director, is the

Managing Director & CEO. Mr. Raj Narain

Bhardwaj, Independent Director is the Chairman

of the Committee. The quorum of the Committee

is

two

members

or

one-third

members,

whichever is higher.

During the year, four (4) Board Stakeholders’

Relationship Committee Meetings were held on

the following dates:

April 25, 2019

July 23, 2019

October 15, 2019

January 22, 2020

Attendance of Members

The details of composition and attendance at

the Company’s Board Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee meetings held during the FY 2019-20

are as follows:

Name of the Committee Member

Meetings held

during the

tenure of the

Member

Number of

Meetings

attended

Mr. Raj Narain Bhardwaj -

Chairman

4

4

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara

4

4

Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal#

4

4

# Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal resigned as: Managing

Managing Director & CEO.

Mr. Deepak Amin, Independent Director, is the

Chairman of the Committee.

The quorum of the Committee is three members

or one-third members, whichever is higher.

During the year, two (2) Board Information

Technology & Information Security Committee

Meetings were held on the following dates:

July 22, 2019

January 21, 2020

Attendance of Members

The details of composition and attendance at

the Company’s Board Information Technology &

Information Security Committee meetings held

during the FY 2019-20 are as follows:

Name of the Committee Member

Meetings held

during the

tenure of the

Member

Number of

Meetings

attended

Mr. Deepak Amin-

Chairman

2

2

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara

2

0

Mr. Nilesh S. Vikamsey

2

2

Mr. Ravi Rambabu

2

2

Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal#

2

2

#Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal resigned as: Managing Director & CEO

w.e.f. May 08, 2020 and Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma was

inducted as Managing Director & CEO w.e.f. May 09, 2020.

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the Board Information

Technology & Information Security Committee (IT

& IS) of our Company include the following:

1.

Provide strategic direction for the Company’s

information technology and network related

infrastructure, security and services.

2.

Recommending IT and IT Security policy

documents to the Board of the Directors,

ensuring that the management has put an

effective strategic planning process in place;

3.

Promoting and supporting the development

of

best

practices

in

the

Company’s

knowledge

creation

and

dissemination

imperatives through the provision of the

best possible infrastructure and services.

4.

Ensuring

that

the

IT

Organisational

structure

complements

the

business

model and its direction and reviewing IT

performance measurement and contribution

of IT to businesses (i.e. delivering the

promised value);

5.

To ensure that the Company is adequately

prepared

to

mitigate

Information

and

cyber security related risks and develop an

in-built governance mechanism for effective

implementation of Information and cyber

security frame work;

6.

Carrying out any other function, if any,

as may be decided by the Board and/or

specified/provided under the Companies Act,

2013 or the listing regulations, or by the

Corporate Governance Guidelines issued by

the IRDAI, or under any applicable law.

(III) Familiarization Programme for Independent Directors

Independent Directors are familiarised with

their roles, rights and responsibilities in the

Company as well as with the nature of industry

and business model of the Company through

induction programmes through presentations on

economy and industry overview, key regulatory

developments, strategy and performance which

are made to the Directors from time to time.

The policy on familiarisation programmes for

independent directors and the details of the

familiarisation programmes have been hosted on

the website of the Company and can be accessed

on the link https://www.sbilife.co.in/familiarization-

programme-for-independent-directors

(IV) Meeting of Independent Directors

The meeting of the Independent Directors

as envisaged under Schedule IV

of

the

Companies Act, 2013 was conducted on

April 8, 2020. All Independent Directors attended

the

meeting

through

Video

Conference.

Mr. Raj Narain Bhardwaj was elected as the

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer. The functions of the

Committee include recommending appointments

of Directors to the Board, identifying persons who

are qualified and carrying requisite specialization

to become Directors of the Company and who

may be appointed as key managerial personnel

in accordance with the criteria laid down,

recommend to the Board their appointment and

removal, and formulate a criteria for evaluation of

every director’s performance and recommend to

the board a policy relating to the remuneration

(including variable pay or performance linked

bonus) of the key managerial personnel and other

employees based on the financial and strategic

plan approved by the Board. The Committee also

evaluates the performance of: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer of the Company is appointed by State

Bank of India and the appointment is subject to

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority

of India (IRDAI) approval. The remuneration of: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer.

Based on the certification from respective

functional heads, a compliance certificate by the: Managing

letter

ref no. IRDA/F&A/GDL/CMP/059/03/2017 and

subsequent amendments / revisions thereto.

The policy aims at laying down set of principles

to engage with the management of the investee

company at a greater level to improve governance.

(h)

Sexual Harassment Policy

The Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace

(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013

provides protection against sexual harassment of

women at workplace and for the prevention and

redressal of complaints of sexual harassment.

The Company has a laid down policy on sexual

harassment at work place and has communicated

to all its employees about the same. The Company

believes in providing a safe working environment

at the workplace.

The details of the total filed and disposed

cases pertaining to incidents under the policy

are as follows:

Particulars

No. of Cases

Number of complaints pending at

the beginning of the financial year

3

Number of complaints received

during the financial year

5

Number of complaints disposed-

off during the financial year

6

Number of complaints pending at

the end of the financial year*

2

*Two pending cases were closed in FY 2020-21 within the

stipulated timeline.

(i)

Holding Company

The Company is a listed Indian subsidiary company

of State Bank of India (SBI), which holds 57.60%

of the Company’s share capital. The Company

regularly reports all its material information to the

Stock Exchanges (“BSE” or “NSE”).

(j)

Compliance with mandatory requirements and

adoption of non-mandatory requirements

The Company has adhered to all the mandatory

requirements specified in Regulations 17 to

27 and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation 2 of

Regulation 46 and some of the discretionary

requirements pertaining to Corporate Governance

stipulated under the Listing Regulations.

The

Company

has

adopted

following

discretionary requirements:

(a)

Modified opinion(s) in audit report:

During the year under review, there was no

audit qualification in financial statements.

The Company continues to adopt best

practices to ensure regime of unqualified

financial statements.

(b)

Separate posts of Chairman and Chief Executive

Officer:

The Company has complied with the

requirement of having separate persons

for the posts of Chairman and Managing

Director & Chief Executive Officer.

(c)

Reporting of internal auditor:

The internal auditor presents their reports

directly to the Audit Committee.

(k)

Management Discussion and Analysis

Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(e) of Listing

Regulations, the Annual Report has a separate

chapter titled Management Discussion & Analysis.

(XI) Shareholder and General Information

A.

Corporate Information

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited was

incorporated as a public limited company on

October 11, 2000 under the Companies Act, 1956.

The Company has been constituted as a joint

venture between State Bank of India and BNP

Paribas Cardif S.A. The Company is registered

with the Insurance Regulatory and Development

Authority of India and is carrying on the business

of life insurance and annuity.

133

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20:

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer of the

Company

4. Increase in Foreign Portfolio Investment

Limits in the Company

5. Appointment of Mr. Gregory Michael

Zeluck as Non-Executive Director

2017-18

18th

September 27, 2018

at 10:30 A.M.

SBI Auditorium,

State Bank Bhavan,

Madame Cama Road,

Nariman Point,

Mumbai – 400021

1. Appointment of Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal as: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (MD & CEO) and KMPs are as follows:

(` in million)

Particulars

FY 2020

FY 2019

MD & CEO^

Other KMPs*#

MD & CEO&

Other KMPs*#

Basic

1.53

62.52

1.48

55.53

Allowances/Perquisites$

3.49

87.56

3.30

74.20

Retiral Benefits

0.16

11.08

0.15

9.75

Bonus@

0.94

54.53

1.28

60.57

Total

6.12

215.69

6.21

200.05

* Excluding remuneration of: Managing

Managing director & CEO w.e.f. May 08, 2020 and Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma was inducted as: Managing

Managing Director & CEO.

Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management

Appointment, remuneration, repatriation etc. of Key

Management Personnel such as MD & CEO and few other

Key Functional Heads like Audit, Human Resources etc.

is governed by SBI Officers’ service rules as they are on

Deputation from SBI.

Appointment of other Key Management Personnel & Senior

Management staff at SBI Life and their removal from

services of the Company are governed by the HR policies

of the Company and approved by the MD & CEO / Board

wherever applicable.

143

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20:

Managing Director & CEO w.e.f.

May 08, 2020 and Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma was inducted as: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Place: Mumbai

Date: August 20, 2020

147

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20:

letter of even date which is annexed as ‘ANNEXURE A’ and forms an integral part

of this report.

149

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20:

letter.

1)

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on our audit.

2)

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial

records. The verification was done on test basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices

we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3)

We

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of financial records and Books of

Accounts of the Company.

4)

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules

and regulations and happening of events etc.

5)

The compliance of the provisions of corporate laws,

rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the

verification of procedures on test basis.

ANNEXURE A

6)

As regard the books, papers, forms, reports and returns

filed by the Company under the provisions referred

to in points vi to x of our Secretarial Audit Report

in Form No. MR-3 the adherence and compliance

to the requirements of the said regulations is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was

limited to checking the execution and timeliness of the

filing of various forms, reports, returns and documents

that need to be filed by the Company with various

authorities under the said regulations. We have not

verified the correctness and coverage of the contents

of such forms, reports, returns and documents.

7)

The secretarial audit report is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Mehta & Mehta,

Company Secretaries

(ICSI Unique Code P1996MH007500)

Atul Mehta

Place: Mumbai

Partner

Date: August 20, 2020

FCS No: 5782

CP No: 2486

UDIN:F005782B000596933

150

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited:

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager:

(`’000)

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD/WTD/

Manager

Total Amount

Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal,

MD & CEO

1

Gross salary

Salary as per provisions contained in section 17(1) of the Income-tax Act,19611

4,669

4,669

Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income-tax Act, 1961

1,291

1,291

Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3) Income- tax Act, 1961

-

-

2

Stock Option

-

-

3

Sweat Equity

-

-

4

Commission

-

-

-

as % of profit

-

-

-

others, specify

-

-

5

Others, please specify

-

-

Total (A)

5,960

5,960

1. Includes performance linked incentive paid in FY 2019-20 for FY 2018-19.

B.

Remuneration to other directors:

(`’000)

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of Directors

Total Amount

Mr. Nilesh

Vikamsey

Mr. Raj

Narain

Bhardwaj

Mr. Ravi

Rambabu

Ms. Joji

Sekhon Gill

Mr. Deepak

Amin

Mr. Somasekhar

Sundaresan*

1.

Independent Directors

Fee for attending board

committee meetings

1,145

1,600

1,385

325

835

75

5,365

Commission

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Others, please specify

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Total (1)

1,145

1,600

1,385

325

835

75

5,365

2.

Other Non-Executive Directors

Fee for attending board

committee meetings

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Commission

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Others, please specify

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Total (2)

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Total (B)=(1+2)

1,145

1,600

1,385

325

835

75

5,365

* Resigned with effect from November 21, 2019

155

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20:

Managing Director & CEO

w.e.f. May 08, 2020 and Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma was

inducted as: Managing

letter with SBI Life

Insurance

Company

Limited

(the

“Company”).

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of

India (Investment) Regulations, 2016 dated August 1,

2016 (the “Regulations”) require the auditors to issue

certificate regarding applicable Net Asset Value

(“NAV”) for applications received as at March 31, 2020

in terms of Schedule I (B) (11)(d) of the Regulations.

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY:

2.

The preparation and maintenance of all accounting

and other relevant supporting records and documents

is the responsibility of the management of the

Company. This responsibility includes the design,

implementation and maintenance of internal controls

relevant to the applicability of NAV for applications

received as at March 31, 2020.

3.

The Company’s management is responsible for

complying with conditions stated in the Regulations.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY:

4.

Pursuant to the requirement of this certificate,

it is our responsibility to provide reasonable

assurance as to whether:

a)

The Company has declared March 31, 2020 as a

business day for accepting applications;

b)

The Company has declared NAV for March 31,

2020 on a basis consistent with its accounting

policy as disclosed in its financial statements for

the year ended March 31, 2020;

c)

The applications received on March 31, 2020,

upto 3.00 p.m. have been stamped and that

the NAV of March 31, 2020 is applied for

applications received upto 3.00 p.m as per Policy

Issuance Procedure;

d)

The applications received on March 31, 2020,

after 3.00 p.m. have been stamped and that the

NAV of next business day of financial year i.e.

April 1, 2020 is applied for applications received

after 3.00 p.m. as per Policy Issuance Procedure.

5.

We audited financial statements of the Company as

of and financial year ended March 31, 2020 on which

we issued an unmodified audit opinion vide our

report dated May 5, 2020. Our audit of these financial

statements was conducted in accordance with the

Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10)

of the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable

authoritative pronouncements issued by the Institute

of Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”).

Those standards require that we plan and perform the

audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether

the standalone financial statements are free of

material misstatement. Our audits were not planned

and performed in connection with any transactions

to identify matters that may be of potential interest

to third parties.

6.

In

this

connection,

we

have

performed

the

following procedures:

a)

Obtained representation from the management

that the Company has declared March 31, 2020

as a business day for accepting application forms

and that it has declared NAV for March 31, 2020;

b)

Obtained the list of applications for New

Business, Renewal Premium, Top-up, Surrender,

Free - Look Cancellation, Fund Switches,

Withdrawal and Partial Withdrawal in respect

of Unit linked Products on March 31, 2020

(together referred to as “Application Forms”),

from the Company;

c)

Selected samples of Application Forms from the

listing mentioned in paragraph 5(b) above and

verified whether:

i.

The applications received on March 31,

2020, upto 3.00 p.m. have been appropriately

stamped; and the NAV of March 31,

2020 is applied for such applications for

the

selected

samples

as

per

Policy

Issuance Procedure; and

ii.

The applications received on March 31, 2020,

after 3.00 p.m. hours have been appropriately

stamped; and the NAV of next business day

of financial year i.e. April 1, 2020 is applied

for such applications for the selected

samples as per Policy Issuance Procedure.

d)

We have read the certificate dated April 09,

2020 of the concurrent auditors of the Company,

M/s.

Haribhakti

and

Co.

LLP,

Chartered

Accountants which has been furnished to us

certifying compliance with Regulation 5 of

Schedule I (B).

7.

We conducted our examination in accordance with the

Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special

Purposes (Revised 2016) issued by the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India. The Guidance Note

requires that we comply with the ethical requirements

of the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India.

8.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC)1,

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited

188:

Managing Director and CEO have been deputed from State Bank of India and his remuneration is included under

“Employees remuneration and welfare benefits” under “Operating expenses related to insurance business.” The

details of managerial remuneration for current and previous year are as under:

(` ‘000)

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Year ended

March 31, 2019

Mr. Sanjeev

Nautiyal

Mr. Sanjeev

Nautiyal

1

Salary and other allowances

4,345

3,895

2

Provident Fund, Pension fund and Gratuity

492

488

3

Perquisites

3,426

2,670

Total

8,263

7,053

Notes:

1.

The appointment and remuneration of managerial personnel is in accordance with the requirements of section

34A of the Insurance Act, 1938 and has been approved by the IRDAI.

2.

The remuneration excludes leave encashment and leave travel allowance which would have been accrued in the

books of or funded by State Bank of India.

3.

Effective March 10, 2018 Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal was deputed from State Bank of India as the: Managing

letter of grant. During the year the NRC in its meeting held on July 23, 2019

has approved the grant of the Employee Stock Options (‘Options’) under the provisions of ESOS 2018.

The Scheme is directly administered by the Company and provides that eligible employees are granted options to

subscribe to equity shares of the Company which vest in a graded manner. The vested options may be exercised

within a specified period.

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited

232:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Deputy

Chief Executive Officer, President – Actuarial & Risk

Management, Presidents (Zone I, II & III), President

– Operations, IT & IB, President – Business Strategy,

President & Chief Financial Officer, President &

Chief Operating Officer, Appointed Actuary, Chief

of HR & Management Services, Chief Audit Officer,

Chief Information Officer and Chief Investments

Officer. ALCO is chaired by: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd.

(Inducted w.e.f. from March 10, 2018

onwards)

Service

33. Long term contracts

The Company has a process whereby periodically all long term contracts are assessed for material foreseeable losses.

At the year end the Company has reviewed and ensued that adequate provisions as required under any law/ accounting

standard for material foreseeable losses on such long term contracts has been made in the financial statements.

For insurance contracts, actuarial valuation of liabilities for all the policies which were in the books of the Company

and where there is a liability as at March 31, 2020 is done by the appointed actuary of the company. The assumptions

used in valuation of liabilities are in accordance with the guidelines and norms issued by the IRDAI and the Institute of

Actuaries of India in concurrence with IRDAI.

34. Interim Dividend

The Board has not declared any Interim dividend for the year ended March 31, 2020 (previous year ended March 31,

2019: ` 2.0 per share). Accordingly, no provision (previous year ended March 31, 2019: ` 2,411,106 thousands including

dividend distribution tax of ` 411,106 thousands) have been made towards interim dividend in the accounts for the

year ended March 31, 2020.

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited

242:

letter

dated 19 September 2019. To the fullest extent permitted

by applicable law, Willis Towers Watson does not accept or

assume any responsibility, duty of care or liability to anyone

other than SBI Life for or in connection with its review work,

the opinions it has formed or for any statements set forth

in this opinion.

Sudden unforeseen events such as the COVID-19 (the

coronavirus outbreak named as COVID-19 by the World

Health Organisation on 11 February 2020) pandemic can

have significant impacts on the level of economic activity,

investment markets and SBI Life’s business and its experience.

In forming our opinion on the future expected experience we

have not directly considered the potential impact including

volatility on SBI Life’s business, the investment markets or

the industry of such events, including COVID-19.

Vivek Jalan, FIAI

Kunj Behari Maheshwari, FIAI

Partner

Partner

Willis Towers Watson Actuarial Advisory LLP

Registered Office:

A-210, Pioneer Urban Square

Sector- 62

Golf Course Extension Road

Gurugram-122003, India

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited

384:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

STATUTORY AUDITORS

M/s R. Devendra Kumar & Associates

Chartered Accountants

M/s S.C. Bapna & Associates

Chartered Accountants

Company Secretary

Mr. Vinod Koyande

Compliance Officer

Mr. Pranay Raniwala

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma,: Managing

