letter on financial

controls to assist the CEO and CFO in meeting the new

requirements

In compliance with JSE requirements, the committee considered a detailed assessment of the entity level controls (‘ELCs’) and a risk

assessment control model (‘RACM’) on the financial statement close process (‘FSCPs’). Progress has been detailed below.

Monitoring progress on the deleveraging plan to ensure that the

appropriate capital structure is attained without erosion of value

Due to the strategic and long-term sustainability strategic importance of the deleveraging plan, it was decided to create a Board subcommittee

to focus on monitoring the plan. Consequently, the Assets Disposals and Strategic Acquisitions (‘ADASA’) Committee was formed towards

the end of the 2020 financial year. The committee’s report is outlined on page 114. The Audit Committee continued, however, to monitor the

liquidity and capital structure of the organisation by reviewing reports from the Treasury department.

Review relevant submissions and reports issued by internal and

external assurance providers

The committee continued to receive and review reports from both PwC and the internal audit function.

Monitoring the organisation’s control environment and engaging

with relevant people – both internal and external – as required,

to effectively discharge its responsibilities

Outcomes of assurance activities by both PwC and internal audit were presented to and reviewed by the Internal Audit Committee. The

progress on the audit action plans was also monitored to ensure that management was taking appropriate remedial steps where required.

Reviewing relevant reports and position papers prepared by

management relating to technical accounting standard changes

to ensure that all material risks are addressed

• Reviewing relevant reports and position papers prepared by management relating to accounting standard changes to ensure that all material

risks are addressed.

• Reviewing management submissions on technical accounting and tax matters such as IFRS 15, IFRS 9, IFRS 16, IAS 36, IFRS 5 and transfer

pricing policy.

Oversight over Group tax matters

• Reviewed the Group tax exposures and assessed the appropriateness of the Group tax policies.

Review of the adequacy and appropriateness of provisions

• Reviewed progress on litigation and legal exposures and the related accounting applied and disclosure included in the annual financial

statements, note 26.

External audit considerations

• Determined the auditors’ terms of engagement and fees for 2021. Fees paid to auditors for the year under review are disclosed in note 26 of

the annual financial statements.

• Satisfied itself with the performance of the external auditor and designated registered auditor and further that they are accredited on the

JSE’s list of auditors and advisers.

• Satisfied itself that the designated registered auditors are within their tenure and rotation requirements.

• PwC raised a reportable irregularity relating to the supply of certain equipment and software by a subsidiary within the Group. PwC

concluded that this matter was no longer occurring as the Company had acted on this matter. The Company’s actions are set out in the

Directors’ report and in note 34 of the consolidated financial statements.

• The committee recommends the reappointment of PwC at the AGM.

Key audit matters

• The committee reviewed and considered the key audit matters relating to goodwill and intangibles, as well as the indirect tax exposures for

the Group.:

