Managing director/Chief executive officer

BSc Eng (Wits)

Managing

director

responsible

for

developing

and

implementing the Group’s marketing and sales strategies.

Intimately

involved

in

all

operational

aspects

of

the

Group

and

in

sourcing

new

products

and

markets.

Appointed to the Board in 1986. Has 42 years’ experience in

manufacturing and the appliance industry.

Nu-World Holdings Limited

10:

managing director’s review.

SHARE CAPITAL

Authorised share capital

The authorised share capital of the Company comprises 30 000 000 ordinary shares of 1 cent each and 20 000 000 “N”

ordinary shares of 0,1 cent each. There were no changes in the authorised share capital during the year under review.

Issued share capital

There were no changes in the issued share capital during the year under review.

There has been no repurchase of shares during the year under review.

Unissued share capital

At the forthcoming annual general meeting, members will be asked to place the unissued share capital of the Company under the

control of the directors. A resolution for this purpose is included in the notice of the forthcoming annual general meeting.

The Nu-World Share Incentive Trust

The Nu-World Share Incentive Trust (“the trust”) was established in March 1993. In terms of the trust deed, the aggregate number

of ordinary shares in the capital of the Company, which may be made available for purposes of the trust, shall not exceed 10% of

the Company’s issued share capital. The trust requires a minimum of two trustees. The current trustees are Messrs R Kinross, D Piaray

and J M Judin. No trustee is a beneficiary of the trust.

Refer to note 26 in the attached financial statements for further details.

DIVIDEND

The Board has resolved to declare a dividend to shareholders of 249,0 cents per share.

DIRECTORS

The composition of the board of directors during the year under review was as follows:

M S Goldberg (executive chairman), J A Goldberg (chief executive), G R Hindle, J M Judin, D Piaray, R Kinross and

F J Davidson.

In terms of the Memorandum of Incorporation at least one third of the Directors are required to retire at the forthcoming annual

general meeting, but being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

INTERIM SECRETARY

T Cape

Business and postal address:

The Secretary

682 Pretoria Main Road, Wynberg, Sandton, 2199

P O Box 8964, Johannesburg, 2000

SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

Details of your Company’s investment in its subsidiaries are set out in appendix A to the annual financial statements.

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS:

managing director.

The amount of the provision is the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation

at the reporting date.:

letter of representation, to attend the meeting, in terms of the custody agreement entered

into between such shareholders and their CSDP or broker. Shareholders who have dematerialised their shares through a CSDP

or broker, other than by own name registration who wish to vote by way of proxy, should provide their CSDP or broker with

their voting instructions, in terms of the custody agreement entered into between such shareholders and their CSDP or broker.

These instructions must be provided to their CSDP or broker by the cut-off time or date advised by their CSDP or broker for

instructions of this nature.

Forms of proxy and/or letters of representation may be presented at any time prior to the Annual General Meeting and also at

the Annual General Meeting, but to enable the Company to ensure prior to the Annual General Meeting that a quorum will be

present at the Annual General Meeting, it would be helpful if proxy forms and/or letters of representation could be delivered

to the Company or the Company’s transfer secretaries.

Salient Dates

Posting of Annual Financial Statements and notice of Annual General Meeting

Friday, 26 November 2021

Record date to receive the notice of Annual General Meeting

Friday, 19 November 2021

Last date to trade to be eligible to vote

Tuesday, 1 February 2022

Record date to be eligible to vote

Friday, 4 February 2022

Annual General Meeting

10h00 Wednesday, 9 February 2022

Results of Annual General Meeting published on SENS

Wednesday, 9 February 2022

By order of the Board

T CAPE

Interim Company Secretary

Sandton

26 November 2022

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (CONTINUED)

Nu-World Holdings Limited

92:

