letter, providing an additional

layer of assurance and comfort that policies

are in place, are well understood, and

implemented by all.

How we integrate Bidcorp recognises the

value of an integrated governance

approach combining the inputs of the

business-owned risk management,

assurance, and compliance functions.

Bidcorp manages the challenge of good

governance in a decentralised environment

through the rigorous integration Bidcorp

governance framework, being the four

basic pillars of governance, assurance,

compliance, and risk management. This

governance framework ensures respect for

legislated requirements and regulatory

compliance yet is flexible enough to

accommodate innovative and value

creating solutions to meet these demands.

Our people are pragmatists with the

knowledge and experience to recognise

scope for improvement and implement

necessary change – whether the concepts

are independently developed or spring from

shared experience. These practices apply

to creating value through good governance

and more so to creating value through

business success.

Q1

Q2

January to March 2021

• Sad and untimely loss of board

NED, Mrs Dolly Mokgatle

• Succession planning for the board vacancy

• Review and approval of the 2021 interim

results announcement

• Preparing the draft 2021 remuneration

policy, in light of shareholder feedback

April to June 2021

• Review and approval of the

governance charters and

policies

• Strategy review and 2022 budget approval

• Deliberated on ESG progress and

non-financial targets

• Sign off of the CEO and CFO financial

controls attestation process

• Appointment of NED Mrs Keneilwe Moloko

Q3

Q4

Bidcorp, operating as Bidfood in most geographies, has a decentralised model

which encourages the entrepreneurial spirit contained in each of its businesses.

See full CVs on page 84 – 85 .

Beyond QUARTER 4 – July to October 2021:

• Response to the Miumi fraud, the decision to delay the 2021 year-end results announcement

and the communication thereof to the market

• Review and approval of 2021 notice of AGM, remuneration report and annual integrated report

What the board

focused on during

the year

Regular board agenda items

include a comprehensive

group-wide performance

overview presented by the chief

executive officer, a detailed

analysis of the key financial

indicators at both a group and

divisional level from the chief

financial officer and feedback

from the chairs of board

committees on the deliberations

of those committees (including a

group-wide risk review from the

audit and committee and the

non-financial ESG issues from

the social and ethics committee).

The board also had the following

important discussions

summarised as follows:

0 – 3 years

3

3 – 9 years

5

9 years and more

2

Board tenure

One third of the directors resign at each

AGM. This enables shareholders to

appoint directors to the board who they

believe brings the appropriate skills to

the board.

The board is satisfied that its

composition reflects the

appropriate mix of race and

gender diversity.

July to September 2020

• 2020 results announcement

• Approval of 2020 notice of

AGM, remuneration report and annual

integrated report

• Capital markets trading update

October to December 2020

• Shareholder engagement

process following the

remuneration policy vote at the 2020 AGM

• Deliberating on the approach to the JSE

required financial controls attestation

Throughout the year there was additional focus placed on operational updates,

monitoring the impact of COVID on the group’s stakeholders.

Board composition

Bidcorp’s strength lies in its

decentralised management

teams, enhanced by an

engaged board demanding

robust governance and yet

at our core, keeping

it simple.:

letter. The group

received declarations from 620 members of the group-wide

management team at year end (2020: 656 declarations

received).

The detailed King IV register can be found on the Bidcorp group website.

Performance and reporting

This annual integrated report demonstrates how performance

is achieved through the strategic initiatives. Bidcorp sets and

achieves its strategic initiatives with reference to its risks and

opportunities. The board assesses the outcomes from its

business model continuously and adapts it as required.

Leadership, ethics, and corporate citizenship

The directors hold one another accountable for decision-

making based on integrity, competence, responsibility, fairness,

and transparency through their commitment to lead

the company based on the King IV principles. The chairman

and lead independent director oversee this process on an

ongoing basis.

Governing structures and delegation

The board serves as the focal point and custodian of

governance. Its role and responsibilities and execution of duties

are set out in the board charter. The board is satisfied with the

current board composition bringing the optimal mix of

knowledge, skills, experience, diversity, and independence. The

board delegates responsibility to board committees. The

performance of the board is annually appraised.

Governance functional areas

The board recognises the importance of risk management as it

is linked to the strategy, performance, and sustainability of the

group. Delegated by the board, the audit and risk committee

delegates to management the implementation of processes to

ensure that the risks are identified and mitigated. The board

carries ultimate responsibility for the remuneration policy,

seeking shareholder support, and delegating the remuneration

policy rollout to the remuneration committee.

Stakeholder relationships

The board is responsible for and encourages positive

stakeholder relationships; delegated to the management of

each business to achieve effective stakeholder relationships

with material stakeholders and to balance their legitimate and

reasonable needs, interests and expectations.

King IV application summary

The board endorses the King IV corporate governance principles,

embracing the concept of integrated thinking, which underpins

corporate citizenship, stakeholder inclusivity, sustainable

development, and integrated reporting.

Tribute to Dolly Mokgatle

Sadly, the board reports the untimely passing of Mrs Dolly Mokgatle, on Saturday,

January 9 2021. Dolly joined the Bidcorp board as an independent non-executive

director on October 4 2016 and was a member of the social and ethics, and

nominations committees.

The board notes the value Dolly’s dignified manner, wise counsel, and insightful

contribution made; Dolly will be sorely missed.

Board performance assessment

The nominations committee carries out an annual board performance appraisal,

and in line with charter requirements, engages the services of an external

consultant to perform an independent board performance review. As part of the

review, the performance of the board and its committees, as well as the

performance of the chair of the board, are considered against their respective

mandates in terms of the board charter and the charters of its committees.

In November 2019 a formal board performance assessment was completed by

independent consultants Amrop Woodburn Mann. The results of the board

evaluation indicated that board members, collectively and individually, effectively

discharged their governance role, with some recommendations made for areas of

improvement. The board set to actioning these recommendations, however some

of the plans were delayed due to the COVID pandemic and the related travel

restrictions put in place. Where action items were possible, these have been

satisfactorily addressed.

At the June 2021 yearend, it was noted that in line with charter requirements, a

board performance assessment is again due. The board has engaged the services

of the same independent consultants, to conduct interviews with each of the

directors, to assess the performance of the board and the board committees, and

their satisfaction with the actions taken following the last review. The results of this

review will be presented at the end of November 2021.

The board is satisfied that the evaluation process is improving its performance

and effectiveness.

Induction and development

An induction programme is held for new members appointed to the board,

tailored to the needs of individual appointee. An induction process was performed

following the appointment of Mrs Keneilwe Moloko, appointed July 5 2021. This

involves industry and company-specific orientation, such as meetings with senior

management to facilitate an understanding of operations and on-site tours to

have a first-hand experience with the workings of the warehouse, the logistics,

and to meet some of the team. The company secretary assists the chair with the

induction and orientation of directors and arranges specific training if required.

The company will continue with directors’ development and training to build on

expertise and develop an understanding of the businesses and main markets in

which the group operates.

Conflicts of interest

Conflicts of interest are actively managed to ensure candidate and existing

directors have no conflicting interests between their obligations to the group and

their personal interests. All directors are required to declare personal interests on

a quarterly basis with a full related party disclosure completed annually.

Declaration of directors’ interests is a standing agenda point at each meeting.

Directors who believe there may be a conflict of interest on a matter, advise the

chairman and are recused from the decision-making process. Directors also

adhere to the policy on disclosure and trading in securities of the company.

Remuneration philosophy

The key principles that shape our policy are:

• a critical success factor of the group is its ability to

attract, retain and motivate the entrepreneurial talent

required to achieve its operational and strategic

objectives. Both short and long-term incentives are

used to this end;

• delivery-specific short-term incentives (STI) are

viewed as strong drivers of performance. A

significant portion of senior management’s reward is

variable and is determined by the achievement of

realistic profit and return targets together with an

individual’s personal contribution to the growth and

development of the group. Only when warranted by

exceptional circumstances, special bonuses may be

considered as additional awards; and

• long-term incentives (LTI) align the objectives of

management, shareholders and other stakeholders

for a sustainable period.

The board carries ultimate responsibility for the

remuneration policy, delegating the execution of the

mandate to the remuneration committee who operates

in terms of a board approved mandate.

When the remuneration policy was presented to

shareholders at the AGM in 2020, a majority of

shareholders voted against the policy and

implementation thereof, and consequently there was an

extensive shareholder engagement process conducted.

All discussions and meetings regarding this matter were

considered by the board, to ensure all concerns raised

by dissenting shareholders were appropriately

addressed.

The actions taken as a consequence of these

discussions are detailed in the 2021 remuneration

report.

Bidcorp remuneration committee approved the 2021

remuneration report on October 28 2021.

The 2021 remuneration report, which includes the

remuneration policy and implementation thereof,

which will be put to a non-binding shareholders’ vote

at the 2021 AGM, on Thursday November 25 2021.

Click here to access the full 2021 Remuneration Report.

Our corporate governance practices are aligned with

the four governance outcomes namely ethical culture,

effective control, legitimacy, and good performance.:

managing director of CAP

Leverage Proprietary Limited. He is a former chief executive officer

and: managing director of the Development Bank of Southern

Africa. Paul also served as chief executive officer and managing

director of DBSA Development Fund.

Paul has spent 30 years in the financial services sector, with both

Standard Bank and the Nedbank group. His last position at

Nedbank was as managing director of Nedbank Africa.

Paul has been an independent non-executive director on many

boards locally and internationally, including African financial

institutions. He was a council member of the Institute of Bankers

and also served as chairman of the Ned Medical Aid. Other boards

include Discovery Bank Limited and Discovery Bank Holdings

Limited and CAP Leverage Proprietary Limited. Paul also serves on

various board committees (audit, risk, remuneration and

nominations) as member and chairman.

Brian Joffe

Qualifications: CA(SA)

Age: 74

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Appointed: August 17 1995

Board committee: Acquisitions committee, nominations

committee

Experience and expertise: The founder of the Bidvest Group

Limited and Bid Corporation Limited, Brian has over 50 years’

commercial experience, both locally and internationally. Among his

achievements, Brian has been recognised by Sunday Times as

SA’s businessman of the year, won the South African chapter of the

Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Award and represented South Africa

at the World Entrepreneur Awards. Profiled as one of South Africa’s

Greatest Entrepreneurs by MME Media in association with Gordon

Institute of Business Science, Brian has been named by Wits

Business School Journal as one of SA’s top 25 business leaders

with significant impact on South African business.

Brian is the recipient of an Honorary Doctorate in Commerce from

the University of South Africa, an Honorary Doctorate in Commerce

from the University of Witwatersrand and awarded the Sunday

Times Lifetime Achiever Award. He has been included in the Forbes

list of the 20 most influential people in Africa and awarded the

CNBC All Africa Lifetime Achievers Award.

Brian currently serves as CEO of Long4Life Limited, a company he

founded and listed on the JSE in 2017 and serves as a non-

executive director of Bid Corporation Limited.

Helen Wiseman*

Qualifications: BSc (Hons) (University of Manchester), CA,

GAICD, IDP-C INSEAD

Age: 55

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Appointed: March 10 2016

Board committee: Audit and risk committee (chairman), social

and ethics committee

Experience and expertise: A non-executive director, Helen has

extensive international business experience across a range of

sectors including food, pharmaceutical, manufacturing, distribution,

mining, energy, and financial services. Prior to embarking on her

non-executive career, Helen was a partner at KPMG Australia.

Helen chaired Bidvest’s International foodservice business

divisional audit committees from 2011 to 2016.

Helen has held various board and audit committee roles, including

her current non-executive director and audit and risk committee

chairman roles for Bid Corporation Limited.

Helen is chairman of Elixinol Wellness Limited, as well as a director

of the Australian Indigenous Mentoring Experience Corporation

(AIME), INSEAD International

