Managing Director.

The Operations Executives, Divisional Director

and Operations Director are members of the

Executive Management Team.

OUR OPERATIONAL

REPORTING STRUCTURE

Cashbuild

Shane Thoresson, Operations Director

Disemelo Masala, Divisional Director

OPS 1 – Tyron Myburgh, Operations

Executive: Mpumalanga, Limpopo, Gauteng

and North West

OPS 2 – Hennie Roos, Operations Executive:

Eastern Cape, Gauteng, KwaZulu-Natal,

Malawi, Mpumalanga and Zambia

OPS 3 – Willie Dreyer, Operations Executive:

Gauteng, Limpopo, Mpumalanga and

eSwatini

OPS 4 – Ian McKay, Operations Executive:

Botswana, Eastern Cape, Free State, Gauteng,

Lesotho, Limpopo, Namibia and North West

OPS 7 – Mark Scholes, Operations Executive:

Western Cape, Eastern Cape, North West

and Northern Cape

P&L Hardware

Anton Hattingh,: Managing

Dear stakeholders,

Cashbuild subscribes to the highest ethical standards of business

practices and has a well-entrenched and defined business

philosophy around its customers, staff, business partners, systems

and finances. The philosophy is underpinned by the Group’s vision,

mission, and values, as well as The Cashbuild Way.

CASHBUILD’S APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

Cashbuild reports its corporate sustainability in terms of the Six

Capitals as set out in the International <IR> Framework, as well as the

UN SDGs.

The underlying objective of following the Six Capitals is to ensure that

Cashbuild focuses the appropriate degree of attention on each of

these areas, taking into account the impact of each aspect on the

Group’s performance, as well as the influence that the Group has

on its stakeholders in each area. This in turn ensures that Cashbuild

maximises its opportunities for sustained financial and non-financial

success in the short-, medium- and long-term.

In the complex southern African environment in which Cashbuild

operates, many valuable lessons have been learnt over the Group’s

history, spanning over more than 40 years.

The sustainability policies and practices which have been adopted

and implemented by the Group, of which our Executive Managers,

who have the greatest understanding of the nuances of the

communities in which their stores operate, have proven to be one

of the Group’s greatest advantages. This has significantly assisted in

risk mitigation during the establishment of Cashbuild’s operations in

new, unknown and often challenging environments.

Cashbuild’s management approach for mutually beneficial

sustainability initiatives can be summarised as follows:

•

Applying a “common sense” approach.

•

Direct linkage to the Group’s strategic objectives (i.e. providing

tangible benefits to both the Group and its stakeholders), or

directly addressing strategic risks and/or opportunities.

•

Association with reputable suppliers who share similar values and

principles.

•

Influencing the Group’s value chain (upstream and

downstream).

•

Investing holistically and in line with strategic objectives, rather

than on the basis of charity or philanthropy.

•

Flexibility within the Group’s sustainability model, so as to evolve

as required and rapidly implement lessons learnt.

•

Sensitivity to and respect for cultural nuances, particularly in

communication with different stakeholder groups.

•

The development of strong long-term relationships with

all stakeholders and partner communities, and effective

engagement to understand their issues and concerns.

•

Displaying genuine responsible corporate citizenship with respect

to all elements of ESG and influencing other organisations to do

the same.

Social and Ethics

Committee Report

CASHBUILD INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

44:

Managing Director

Daniela Tatsis

Chief Financial Officer

Nico Hanekom

Trainee Operations

Executive

Ryno van Staden

Trainee Operations

Executive

Jacques van Deventer

Store Development and

Marketing Manager

Ian McKay

Operations Executive

EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT P&L HARDWARE

Attie Nel

Procurement Executive

Hennie Roos

Operations Executive:

letter. The rules of the FSP are

flexible in order to allow for settlement in any of the following

manners:

•

by way of a market purchase of shares;

•

use of treasury shares; or

•

issue of shares.

The employer companies, as regulated by the recharge

policy, remain responsible to procure the settlement of

shares under the FSP to the participants employed by

them at all times, at the expense and cost of the employer

companies. In order to effect any forfeiture of awards,

performance shares and retention shares are held by an

escrow agent on behalf of the participants until the vesting

date.

The maximum aggregate number of shares which may at

any time be allocated in respect of this FSP together with the

Group’s existing share scheme to all participants shall not

exceed 5% of the issued shares.

The maximum number of shares allocated to any

participant in respect of all vested and unvested awards

under the FSP together with the Group’s existing share

scheme shall not exceed 0.5% of the issued shares.

Limits apply to shares allocated in total over multiple award

years, it is still not envisaged that any limits will be exceeded

in the foreseeable future.

The Remuneration Committee may alter or vary the rules of

the FSP as it deems fit. However, in the following instances,

the FSP may not be amended without the prior approval of

the JSE and a resolution by the shareholders of 75% of the

voting rights:

•

the category of persons who are eligible for participation

in the FSP;

•

the number of shares which may be utilised for the

purpose of the FSP;

•

the individual limitations on benefits or maximum

entitlements;

•

the basis upon which awards are made;

•

the amount payable upon the award, settlement or

vesting of an award;

•

the voting, dividend, transfer and other rights attached

to the awards, including those arising on liquidation of

the Group;

•

the adjustment of awards in the event of a variation

of capital of the Group or a change of control of the

Group; and

•

the procedure to be adopted in respect of the vesting.:

letter from IRBA, the findings report and

a copy of the proposed remedial action plan;

• A summary of the suitability pack on the designated auditor, Mr AJ Rossouw, the results of which were satisfactory;

• The JSE accreditation: letter from the firm which included the designated auditor;

• The IRBA letters for the latest reviews of the firm (2020); and

• The PwC Commitment to Audit Quality document.

The Audit and Risk Committee concluded that there were no matters of concern that would prevent the appointment of

PwC as the auditors of the Group.

Key audit matters

The Audit and Risk Committee has considered the matters noted in the independent auditor’s report and reviewed the

process followed by the auditor.

The Key audit matter is “accuracy of supplier rebates” which is a continuous focus for the Audit and Risk Committee.

The Committee agrees that the processes followed by the external auditors are appropriate and that management have

appropriately accounted for this.

The processes followed included discussions with management, understanding of the process, consideration of

procedures followed and review of the final report. Confirmation of the appropriate reporting is then obtained from the

external auditors as a final procedure.

Internal Audit

Considering all of these factors set out in the Internal control and Risk management paragraphs above, the following

assessment statement is presented by Cashbuild’s Internal Audit: “Work performed by the Cashbuild Group Risk

Management Department during the current reporting period (July 2020 to June 2021) supports the assertion that

Cashbuild’s system of internal controls and risk management is effective, and that any serious problem and/or concern

identified by the Group Risk Management Department during performance of its risk management, issues management

and Internal Audit duties are reported on in the quarterly Audit and Risk Committee Reports”.

On behalf of the Audit and Risk Committee

M Bosman (Mr)

Audit and Risk Committee Chairperson

Johannesburg

31 August 2021

letter of representation in terms of their custody agreement

with their CSDP or Broker. Dematerialised shareholders without “own-name” registration who do not wish to attend but wish to

be represented at the Annual General Meeting must advise their CSDP or Broker of their voting instructions. Dematerialised

shareholders without “own-name” registration should contact their CSDP or Broker with regard to the cut-off time for their voting

instructions.

By order of the Board

T Nengovhela

Company Secretary

31 August 2021:

letter of representation in terms of the custody agreement. Such: letter of

representation must be lodged with the Transfer Secretaries before the closing time set out in 8 above or presented at the

Annual General Meeting.

NOTES TO FORM OF PROXY

