DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

I am pleased to present the remuneration

and nominations committee (Remcom)

report for the ﬁnancial year ended

30 June 2021, highlighting the key issues

considered during this period.

This remuneration report conforms to

the reporting structure recommended in

King IV™ and is presented in three parts,

namely:

• Part 1: background statement.

• Part 2: an overview of the remuneration

policy.

• Part 3: the implementation of the policy

for the year ended 30 June 2021.

OUR PERFORMANCE AND

CHANGES TO OUR

REMUNERATION POLICY

Like many other companies, we continue

to weather the effects of the Covid-19

pandemic on our business. The Group’s

ability to recover was signiﬁcantly affected

by the return to more restrictive lockdown

levels during the second and third waves

and hesitancy to return to travel, coupled

with the delay in the roll-out of the

Covid-19 vaccination locally and which has

been well covered throughout this IR. This

in turn continues to have an impact on the

way we remunerate our staff and has

resulted in the ongoing implementation of

salary reductions across all levels, which

remain in place as at the date of this

report. Furthermore, participation in the

FY20 short-term incentive (STI) for the

executive directors (EDs) was cancelled

and the FY21 STI was suspended for all

participants. In addition, no long-term

incentives (LTIs) were awarded in respect

of FY21. Against this backdrop and the

importance of effectively implementing

the company’s turnaround strategy, the

Remcom, which had already, in the prior

year, commenced a review of the group’s

existing incentive schemes to determine

whether they were ﬁt for purpose and are

beneﬁcial both in motivating and retaining

the people who are instrumental in

executing our business strategy, took the

opportunity to also review our current

remuneration offering with a view to

establishing whether it remains fair and

reasonable.

In considering the possible alternatives for

implementation, ensuring variable pay,

in particular, is aligned with our medium-

term strategy and makes sense in the

context in which we operate, while at the

same time incentivising and retaining our

top talent who have suffered ongoing and

extreme ﬁnancial hardship as a result of

the pandemic, remained top of mind. We

are pleased to present, after careful

consideration, a new variable pay

programme for the forthcoming ﬁnancial

year in this report. The incentives we have

put in place for FY22 are speciﬁcally

aligned with milestone-based

performance measures which we believe

are critical to the success and turnaround

of the business, while being mindful that

any form of incentive remuneration

should be linked to long-term shareholder

value creation and the preservation of our

cash flows. The main changes can be

summarised as follows:

• No adjustments were effected to

employees’ guaranteed pay during

FY21 other than the implementation

of salary reductions with effect from

April 2020. On the basis that hotels

were initially under Risk Adjusted

Strategy Level 5, not permitted to

operate, save where they were serving

as quarantine hotels, providing

accommodation to guests who were

not able to leave the country and

accommodating essential service

workers, group hotels were placed

under temporary suspension of

services (“TSOS”) and salaries were

reduced to 50% (Exco: 80% on the

basis that Exco continued to operate

on a full time basis throughout) in an

effort to preserve jobs. As government

relaxed lockdown measures and hotels

were permitted to start operating and

ﬁrstly inter-provincial and later

international travel was permitted, the

group followed a measured approach

in the reopening of its hotels, taking

ﬁxed costs, cash flow and demand into

consideration. With the return to

operations, albeit limited, salaries were

increased to 60% (Exco: 90%) on

1 September 2020 and to 70%

(Exco: 95%) on 1 November 2020,

where they remain as at publication

of this report. In an effort to ensure

alignment, the number of shifts

worked by each employee was reduced

by the same percentage as the

applicable salary reduction and where

employees have been required to work

more than their resultant reduced

percentage of shifts they have been

remunerated. Salaries have remained

at these reduced levels due to the

ongoing impact of the Covid-19

pandemic on the group’s ability to

recover, particularly with the return to

more restrictive lockdown measures

during the second and third waves, as

well as hesitancy around travel due to

increased infection rates and the

delayed vaccination roll-out. The

remaining staff complement, who are

not on a cost-to-company package,

received 70% of their monthly salary as

a 13th cheque.

• In an attempt to preserve cash,

participation in the STI for the EDs for

FY20 was cancelled, and was

suspended for all eligible participants

during FY21 extending through FY22.

• A new share plan, namely a conditional

share plan (CSP) has been introduced

for FY22. As a result of no STI being

offered in FY22, the only variable pay

will be via the CSP. To cater for the fact

that no STI will be offered in FY22,

award levels have been calibrated to

represent a normal LTI allocation and

50% of a normal STI allocation. The CSP

has been developed as a flexible plan

which affords us the ability to impose

appropriate performance measures,

performance periods, vesting periods

and post-vesting holding periods

depending on the business’ needs at

the time of making an award. The ﬁrst

award will measure performance over a

one-year period. A one-year period was

chosen due to the fact that the

calibration of three-year forward-

looking performance measures was not

possible at this point in time, given the

current economic climate and urgency

required for the implementation of the

company’s turnaround strategy,

coupled with the fact that doing so

would not result in fair or meaningful

outcomes in terms of variable pay and

would not successfully drive the

desired behaviour and outcomes

needed to sustainably recover and

grow value for shareholders. We have

however implemented a number of

additional measures as a compromise

for using a shorter performance period,

as discussed in detail below. As we

move to a ‘business as usual’ phase, we

will again review the incentive

measures and performance period in

respect of future years’ awards.

In designing the incentives for FY22,

a number of safeguards have been put

in place, namely:

• All variable pay will be delivered in

shares to ensure long-term

shareholder alignment:

letter of

appointment detailing their

remuneration, as well as notice period,

which is one month for all staff, except

for general managers and head office

managers where two months’ notice

applies and senior management, Exco

and EDs where three months’ notice

applies.

Regarding the ED and Exco:

• save for in exceptional circumstances,

no sign on, retention or restraint

payments are made, save for in

exceptional circumstances:

letter received from the

Tanzanian Revenue Authority, which disallows some portion of the VAT refund due. The recoverability of the total VAT refund

due is being investigated by local tax consultants, based on the assessment received.:

letter of representation to do so.

Voting will take place by way of a poll and accordingly every shareholder present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote, will

have one vote in respect of each share held.

Note

To adopt:

• an ordinary resolution, it must be supported by more than 50% of the voting rights exercised on the resolution

• a special resolution, it must be supported by at least 75% of the voting rights exercised on the resolution.:

