letter

from the Chairman of the social, ethics and sustainability (SES)

committee.

Reporting frameworks applied

• King IV.

• The Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) Standards

(applied as a guide).

Audited consolidated and separate annual

ﬁ nancial statements

The audited consolidated and separate annual ﬁ nancial statements

for the year ended 30 June 2021, including the report of the Audit and

Risk committee, are prepared in accordance with the International

Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), the South African Institute of

Chartered Accountants (SAICA) Financial Reporting Guides issued by

the Accounting Practices Committee, and Financial Reporting

Pronouncements issued by the Financial Reporting Standards Council

(FRSC), unless otherwise speciﬁ ed.

Detailed online information

Stakeholders can access the Group’s interim

and annual ﬁ nancial results announcements

and presentations at

https://www.motus.co.za/investors/

or scan the QR code to be taken there directly.

* King IV Report on Corporate Governance for South Africa, also known

as King IV. Copyright and trademarks are owned by the Institute of

Directors in Southern Africa NPC and all of its rights are reserved.:

Managing Director of Renault South Africa

Proprietary Limited (now known as Motus

Vehicles Distributor). Niall has been the CEO of

Hyundai Automotive South Africa for the past

six years.

Jaco joined Imperial in 2001 from Deloitte &

Touche. He previously served as General

Manager of the Financial Services business;: Managing Director of Imperial Daihatsu

Proprietary Limited and

Managing Director of Eqstra Industrial

Equipment Group from July 2015. He has also

held other executive roles including CFO of

Saﬁ con Industrial Equipment,: Managing

Message from the Chairman of the board to shareholders

On behalf of the board of Motus Holdings Limited, you are invited to attend the 2021 AGM to be held at 08:30 (CAT) on

Wednesday, 3 November 2021, through electronic participation.

The board still believes that the safest way to hold the AGM and allow shareholders to exercise their right to vote and ask

questions at the meeting, is through electronic participation. This is as a result of the impact of COVID-19, the resultant health

distancing imperatives, legal restrictions, the off icial advice on gatherings and movement, and the health of shareholders

and stakeholders, which is of paramount importance to the company.

It is therefore conﬁ rmed that the AGM of Motus will be held though electronic participation, and shareholders wishing

to participate in the AGM electronically will need to register by the latest at 08:30 on Tuesday, 2 November 2021. A Virtual

meeting guide for participants and a Registration to participate form are included in the notice of AGM, as Annexures A

and B respectively.

The AGM provides the board with the opportunity to present the Group’s performance for the year ended 30 June 2021 to

the company’s shareholders. The Chairs of the various board committees, senior members of management and the Group’s

external auditors will be present to engage with shareholders, should a need arise.

The notice of the meeting and explanatory notes, which accompany this: letter, set out the proposed resolution and eff ects

thereof. In accordance with section 31(1) of the Companies Act, you are notiﬁ ed that the 2021 Motus Holdings integrated

report, ESG report and audited consolidated and separate annual ﬁ nancial statements are available on the Motus website

at https://www.motus.co.za/investors/integrated-reports/ on 30 September 2021. Should you wish to receive a printed

copy of our 2021 integrated report, ESG report and the audited consolidated and separate annual ﬁ nancial statements, you

may request these from the Motus Company Secretary at nsimelane@motus.co.za. Due to the limited physical printing of

documents and COVID-19 lockdown restrictions, do expect delays in delivering physical copies.

The company has retained the services of The Meetings Specialists (Proprietary) Limited (TMS) to host the AGM on an

interactive electronic platform in order to facilitate electronic participation and voting by shareholders.

We request that shareholders send their proxies to TMS at proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za by no later than 08:30 (CAT) on

Tuesday, 2 November 2021 to allow time for the tallying of votes and completion of the administrative processes relating to

the meeting. Forms of proxy submitted on the day of the AGM must be emailed simultaneously to TMS at

proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za and the Motus Company Secretary at nsimelane@motus.co.za, prior to the commencement of

the AGM, before any proxy seeks to exercise any right granted to it.

Further details for the form of proxy submission are contained on page 191 and in the notes to the form of proxy on page 193.

I look forward to your participation in the meeting.

letter of

representation to attend the meeting as stipulated in the agreement with their CSDP or broker.

Although the electronic platform provides for voting during the meeting, shareholders are strongly encouraged to still

submit their votes by proxy prior to the meeting to TMS at email proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za.

Shareholders will be liable for their own network charges and these will not be for the expense of the company

or TMS. Neither the company nor TMS can be held liable in the case of loss of network connectivity or network

failure due to insuff icient airtime/internet connectivity/power outages which would prevent you from voting at or

participating in the virtual meeting.

Voting and proxies

A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the AGM may appoint one or more persons as its proxy (who need not

be a shareholder of the company) to attend, speak and vote (or abstain from voting) in its stead. Note that equity

securities held by a share trust or scheme and unlisted securities will not have their votes taken into account at the

AGM for the purposes of resolutions proposed in terms of the JSE Listings Requirements. Shares held as treasury

shares in terms of the Companies Act and JSE Listings Requirements may not vote on any resolutions.

Please note that, in accordance with section 63(1) of the Companies Act, the person presiding at the meeting must

be reasonably satisﬁ ed that the right of that person to participate and vote, either as a shareholder, or as a proxy

for a shareholder, has been reasonably veriﬁ ed. Accordingly, meeting participants (including shareholders and

proxies) must provide satisfactory identiﬁ cation. Without limiting the generality hereof, the company will accept a

valid South African identity document, a valid driver’s licence, or a valid passport as satisfactory identiﬁ cation.

A form of proxy is attached for the convenience of certiﬁ cated shareholders and own-name dematerialised

shareholders who are unable to attend the AGM but who wish to be represented thereat. In order to be valid, duly

completed forms of proxy must be submitted electronically to TMS at proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za, by no later than

08:30 on Tuesday, 2 November 2021, subject to the proxy instructions meeting all other criteria. Alternatively, a duly

completed form of proxy may be handed to the Chairperson of the AGM prior to the commencement of the AGM.

Any shareholder who completes and lodges a form of proxy will nevertheless be entitled to attend and vote

electronically at the AGM should the shareholder decide to do so.

Dematerialised shareholders, other than with own-name registration, who have not been contacted by their CSDP

or broker with regard to how they wish to cast their votes should contact their CSDP or broker and instruct their CSDP

or broker as to how they wish to cast their votes at the AGM in order for their CSDP or broker to vote in accordance

with such instructions. If such dematerialised shareholders wish to attend the AGM in person, they must request their

CSDP or broker to issue the necessary: letter of representation to them. This must be done in terms of the custody

agreement entered into between such dematerialised shareholders and their CSDP or broker.

By order of the board

NE Simelane

Company Secretary

20 September 2021

Shareholder information Motus Holdings Limited

181

Integrated report 2021

letter of representation to attend or be represented at the AGM and vote.

If they do not wish to attend or be represented at the AGM, they must provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of

the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker. In the absence of such instructions, the CSDP or broker

or proxy holder will be entitled to vote in accordance with the instructions contained in the custody agreement mandate between them and

their CSDP or broker or as they deem fit. These shareholders must not use this form of proxy.

I/We (please print name in full)

of (address)

Telephone number

Cellphone number

Being an ordinary shareholder(s) of the company holding

ordinary shares in the company do hereby appoint

1.

or failing him/her

2.

or failing him/her

Number of votes (one per share)

For#

Against#

Abstain#

1.

Ordinary resolution 1 – Election of retiring directors and confirmation of appointment

of director:

Ordinary resolution 1.1: To elect and appoint Ms. NB Duker, who is retiring by rotation in

accordance with clause 23.4.1 of the company’s MOI, as an independent non-executive

director of the company as contemplated in section 68(2)(a) of the Companies Act.

Ordinary resolution 1.2: To elect and appoint Mr. PJS Crouse, who is retiring by rotation in

accordance with clause 23.4.1 of the company’s MOI, as an independent non-executive

director of the company as contemplated in section 68(2)(a) of the Companies Act.

Ordinary resolution 1.3: To elect and appoint Ms. F Roji-Maplanka, as an independent

non-executive director of the company as contemplated in section 68(2)(a) of the

Companies Act.

2.

Ordinary resolution 2 – Appointment of the members of the Audit and Risk committee:

To re-elect by way of separate divisible resolutions the following independent non-

executive directors as the Audit and Risk committee members.

Ordinary resolution 2.1 – Mr. S Mayet

Ordinary resolution 2.2 – Ms. NB Duker

Ordinary resolution 2.3 – Ms. F Roji-Maplanka

3.

Ordinary resolution 3 – Appointment of external auditors:

To re-appoint Deloitte & Touche as independent external auditor of the company for the

ensuing year (the designated auditor being Ms. Shelly Nelson) and to note the remuneration

of the independent external auditor as determined by the Audit and Risk committee.

4.

Ordinary resolution 4 – Authority to issue ordinary shares:

To approve that the authorised but unissued ordinary shares be and are hereby placed

under the control of the directors by way of a general authority, that shall remain valid until

the next AGM and the directors authorised, to allot and issue those shares at their

discretion.

5.

Ordinary resolution 5 – Authority to issue shares for cash:

To consider and approve that the directors of the company be and are hereby authorised

by way of a general authority, to allot and issue any of the company’s unissued shares

placed under their control for cash, as they in their discretion may deem fit, without

restriction, subject to the provisions of the JSE Listings Requirements.

6.

Ordinary resolution 6 – Confirmation of the Group’s remuneration policy:

To endorse, by way of a non-binding advisory vote, the Group's remuneration policy

(excluding the remuneration of the non-executive directors for their services as directors

and members of committees).

Shareholder information Motus Holdings Limited

191

Integrated report 2021:

