MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT

34

CONTRIBUTING TO THE SUSTAINABLE

DEVELOPMENT GOALS

43

GOVERNANCE REPORT

59

RISK AND OPPORTUNITY REPORT

73

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

80

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL

MEETING

179

PROXY FORM

181

GLOSSARY

183

DIRECTORATE AND ADMINISTRATION

IBC

LEADING INTO THE

FUTURE

With a strong foundation and part of

a formidable Namibian Group, NBL’s vision

is now focused on the next 100 years.

We are future-oriented, driven by an

emphasis on people, sustainability,

innovation and efficiency while

remaining true to our Namibian roots.:

Managing Director’s report from page 34.

1 FY2021/22 Budget Statement - Minister of Finance, Ipumbu Shiimi, 17 March 2021 HYPERLINK "http://www.mof.gov.na" www.mof.gov.na

CHAIRPERSON’S

STATEMENT

“Looking back over the landscape of the

past financial year, we recognise the many

marks left by the COVID-19 pandemic.

There is also more new growth than

expected, and we face the next year

with renewed optimism. ”

Sven Thieme

NBL Chairperson:

Managing Director’s report from page 34.

LEADING INTO THE FUTURE

NBL stands firm as a resilient business and industry leader,

no matter the headwinds we may face in the coming years.

We have a challenging task ahead to meet our Vision 2025

objectives while doing everything possible to support

the economic revival of our country. We also understand

the risks we face and are clear about our opportunities.

Read more about our strategic risks from page 73.

Subsequent to year end, Heineken N.V. made an offer to

acquire NBL’s 25% shareholding in Heineken South Africa

(RF) Proprietary Limited. Discussions are ongoing and

shareholders are therefore advised to continue to monitor

the various announcements that have been and will be

published in this regard.

As a Board, we are confident that our decisions in 2021

will serve us well into the future as we continue to take

bold stands. These include growing volumes beyond

Namibian borders by focusing on and investing in markets

that we understand. Furthermore, we are reshaping our

portfolio and focusing on profitable, growing brands and

innovation, and on finding non-liquid growth opportunities

in our value chain. Benchmarking our production facilities

and costs, and investing in digital while building even

deeper relationships with our customers, are all part of our

breakthrough innovations to amplify Namibia’s pride, NBL.

I am confident that together with our formidable team

we will overcome the COVID-19 pandemic and any

foreseeable challenges, as is evident in our 100-year legacy.

I commend and appreciate the NBL team under the

leadership of: Managing

Managing Director acts as Chairperson.

O

ur breakthrough culture drives us to be innovative across all the elements

of our value chain. We are further inspired by the contribution we can

make towards the SDGs to solve common challenges and preserve our resources.

WAREHOUSING

AND DISTRIBUTION

RETAIL AND

CONSUMPTION

RECYCLING

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021

19

Our value chain supports local enterprises

NBL plays an active role in finding industry solutions to create

a circular economy. Our water reclamation plant reduces the

water used in our brewing and packaging plants and a recently

installed water treatment plant improves the quality and

reduces the cost per litre of water from our boreholes. We

also use equipment to extract more beer from spent yeast, thus

leading to even further water savings.

Through packaging redesign, we use less paper and continuously

explore ways to reduce the use of cartons and plastic. 63% of

production is packaged in returnable containers. Our returnable

containers have a return ratio of 99.6%.

In our communities, we encourage reuse through recycling

and cleaning projects. NBL is a founding member of the

Recycle Namibia Forum.

NBL delivers products to six depots and

five agencies in Namibia.

We export to 18 countries, including South Africa,

predominantly by road transport. Imperial Managed Solutions

(Proprietary) Limited is our primary transport outsourced partner.

The secondary distribution between depots and customers is

managed by NBL’s fleet of trucks and employees.

Our transport provider is using

specialised trucks for improved

and faster handling and to

decrease losses.

We protect labour rights and

We protect labour rights and

promote safe and secure working

promote safe and secure working

environments

environments

NBL has been committed to support

local road safety campaigns and

promote responsible behaviour

among road users since 2006.

With breakthrough thinking, we

find innovative ways to repurpose

and recycle waste.

We adhere to the SAIF

We adhere to the SAIF

Code of Commercial

Code of Commercial

Communication and

Communication and

Conduct to promote the

Conduct to promote the

responsible use of

responsible use of

alcohol

alcohol

We support our

We support our

customers through trade

customers through trade

promotions and

promotions and

marketing to grow their

marketing to grow their

businesses

businesses

We offer brands in

We offer brands in

returnable bottles to

returnable bottles to

reduce waste

reduce waste

We find ways to

We find ways to

reuse water within

reuse water within

our operations

our operations

We encourage

We encourage

consumers and

consumers and

communities

communities

to reduce

to reduce

waste and to

waste and to

recycle

recycle

Read more about our contribution to

the SDGs in the section from page 43.:

Managing Director’s

report from page 34.

PROFITABILITY FOCUS

Although our purpose guides us to think

about more than profit, NBL has been astute

over the past years in managing costs when

volumes fluctuate. We are quick to

recalibrate expenses to protect profitability

when market conditions and demand curves

change. This protects the sustainability of our

business. Read more about our financial

results in the: Managing

Managing Director’s report from page 34.

Read more about our contribution to Namibia’s economy under SDG 8 from page 52.:

Managing Director

34:

Managing Director’s Report

BRAND PERFORMANCE

Windhoek Draught and Tafel Lager competed for the top

position in the Namibian beer market this year, with

Windhoek Draught taking the lead. This followed years of

successful investment behind the brand.

Tafel Lager however remains a strong mainstream segment

contender for the status of most loved brand in Namibia.

Tafel Lager launched a new campaign, Namibian Like You,

across various touchpoints in September 2020 and

introduced Responsible Like You on television in

December 2020. The campaign supported Tafel’s long-term

dominant position as it continued to sponsor the national

soccer team, The Tafel Lager Brave Warriors.

COVID-19 induced swings in demand were most evident in

the performance of Tafel Radler. The flavoured, low alcohol

brand was launched in October 2018 and enjoyed initial

demand that far exceeded expectations. During the height of

the lockdown, it was one of the few brands still formally on

sale, which created a temporary over-consumption curve. This

was followed by a sharp decline in the second half of 2020.

Consumers seemed to have rebelled against the low and

non-alcoholic category once the alcohol ban was lifted in

Namibia. This meant a slow recovery for Tafel Radler,

Windhoek Non-alcoholic and Windhoek Light to

pre-lock down volumes.

To counter potential negative associations with this

category, NBL launched a campaign to re-establish the

compelling reasons to choose these low and non-alcohol

brands. This category remains a focus for NBL. We will

continue to invest to have offerings available for consumers

as they gravitate to making responsible consumption

choices on certain occasions as well as choosing to

consume alcohol in moderation for health reasons.

King Lager is showing phenomenal regional growth,

tapping into consumers’ need for a quality value beer at an

affordable price point. The brand holds the No 1 position in

the value segment.

Both McKane and Heineken held their ground in a

challenging year and exceeded volume targets.

Strongbow, which is imported from Heineken SA,

unfortunately suffered from months of unavailability due to

the extended alcohol bans in South Africa. Advertising was

consequently put on hold, however, with the stock situation

stabilised, we are working towards regenerating the brand to

drive sales and re-establish a growth trajectory going forward.

Bottled water experienced a very challenging year. With

diminishing disposable income, consumers resorted to tap

water, household water filters and bulk water filled in their

own containers at retailers. The lack of international tourists

further impacted sales negatively. As house brands and

other commercial brands offer very deep discounts,

targeting locals and driving volumes, AquaSplash has seen

an overall decline. The category remains under pressure

with price being a key driver of choice.

NBL launched the new Horizon non-alcoholic beer after

lockdown was lifted. Trading and promotional activity

restrictions are, however, still enforced in Namibia.

Consequently the launch focused on awareness and

sampling without any face-to-face interaction. NBL produced

5 000 sampling packs that were distributed through Dial A

Meal and off-trade stores nationally. Marketing support

included an exclusive drive-in movie experience, gift packs

and extensive social media campaigns.

Horizon contains less than 0.5% alcohol and is available in

three flavours: lemon, apple and berries. Although current

consumer preference is more towards alcoholic products,

we are pleased with the overall performance of the Horizon

brand, in particular the Lemon variant.

Brand and portfolio optimisation initiatives this year

included:

z

NBL launched a strong repackaging drive. Packaging for

Windhoek Draught, Tafel Lager, Tafel Lite and

King Lager were all refreshed, resulting in significant

cost savings with no compromise on quality, legal

requirements and visual identity.

z

King Lager was re-engineered, resulting in a 0.5%

reduction in alcohol content (ABV) to align the liquid’s

profile to consumers’ pallets.

z

The rigorous stock-keeping unit (SKU) optimisation

exercise announced in NBL’s 2020 integrated report was

launched. Several SKUs that impacted negatively on

packaging line efficiencies and profitability were

discontinued due to low sales volumes.

z

Camelthorn was discontinued in Namibia while

Camelthorn Urbock was retained as a seasonal

favourite.

z

McKane Cranberry was discontinued due to declining

sales. While the remaining variants picked up the

volumes lost, we will continue to innovate through

additional flavours as consumers seek choice in the

mixer segment.:

Managing Director’s Report:

Managing Director’s Report:

Managing Director’s Report:

Managing Director is the

current chairperson. SAIF comprises of all major alcohol

producers and distributors in Namibia.

SAIF’s membership is based on voluntary compliance with

the Code of Commercial Communication and Conduct that

prescribes world-class standards in self-regulation to

prevent the negative consequences of alcohol abuse.

During the lockdown, it was an instrumental forum to

engage with Government. It allowed us to responsibly

co-create the way forward in lifting the ban on alcohol

sales to support small businesses, without being

irresponsible around public health.

We adopted the principles of the aware.org regulations and

applied these regulations to update our marketing code

regarding the low and non-alcoholic category. We

recognise that even non-alcoholic products such as

Windhoek Non-alcoholic should not be marketed to

underage consumers, because they inherently market their

mother brand and could thus be a gateway product.

O&L Group Corporate Relations ensures that an

independent evaluation against the code is done on all

NBL marketing and sales campaigns, advertising and

promotional material.

Through the programmes, partnerships

and initiatives discussed under SDG 3,

we support our consumers, communities

and our employees.

Supporting our stakeholders

CONSUMERS

COMMUNITIES

EMPLOYEES:

Managing Director

Academia: Studied towards his BCompt (UNISA), Senior

Management Development Programme (University of Stellenbosch),

GAP International Leadership Certificate (Breakthrough Intensive),

Breakthrough Management Skills (BMS) Leadership Training

Appointment: 1 July 2019

Experience: Marco has been with the O&L Group since 2000.

In 2002, he was appointed as General Manager of the O&L Group’s

Property Division until the joint venture with Broll Property Group

South Africa in 2003. He served in various roles at Broll Namibia

between 2003 and 2005 until taking over the: Managing

Managing Director at

Engling, Stritter & Partners. He is an associate of the Institute of

Chartered Secretaries. He practices as a commercial/corporate

attorney, and is actively involved in the organised legal profession.

He is also the chairperson of the Legal Practitioners Fidelity Fund

and Honorary Consul for the Kingdom of Belgium in Namibia.

External Directorships and Interest

Hans-Bruno is a director of the Namibia Stock Exchange and holds

various other directorships and serves on various governance

committees in the Insurance, Tourism, Telecommunication, and

Investment sectors.

Sven Thieme (53)

Chairperson of the Board

Academia: CA (Nam)

Appointment: 14 March 2002

Experience: Sven is the Executive Chairperson of the O&L Group.

He joined O&L in 1998 after working for four years as a chartered

accountant in Luxembourg. He was also the architect of several

joint ventures entered into by O&L, including the deal between

Heineken SA, Diageo and Namibia Breweries.

External Directorships and Interest

z

Member of the High-Level Panel of the President of the

Republic of Namibia

z

Chairperson of the Windhoek Country Club and Casino

z

Director of the Namibia Chamber of Commerce and

Industry.

Governance Report:

Managing Director of Heineken Angola. In 1998, he

was appointed General Manager of Thai APB, Thailand and in

2002, became CEO of Heineken in Russia.

External Directorships and Interest

Roland holds various other directorships and serves on various

governance committees in the Beverages sector.

Governance Report:

Managing Director for

Heineken Africa and Middle East Region in February 2020. Prior to

this, he held the Heineken France: Managing

Managing Director responsible for the

day-to-day management of the Company. The: Managing

Managing Director’s report from page 34.

Marco Wenk: Managing

Managing Director:

Managing Director’s Report, Contributing to the Sustainable

Development Goals, Governance Report, Risk and Opportunity Report, Group Value – Added Statement, Group Salient

Features, Five – Year Summary of Results, Summary of Statistics, Ordinary Share Ownership, Financial Review, Approval of

Financial Statements, Notice of Annual General Meeting, Proxy Form, Glossary and Directorate and Administration which

we obtained prior to the date of this report. The other information does not include the consolidated and separate financial

statements, the report of the Directors and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated and separate financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not

express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other

information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated and

separate financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, we

conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing

to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the Directors for the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements

The Directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated and separate financial statements

in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act of Namibia and

for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated and separate

financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated and separate financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s and

Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the

going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group and/or Company or to cease

operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated and separate financial statements as a

whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our

opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance

with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are

considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic

decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated and separate financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism

throughout the audit. We also:

z

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated and separate financial statements, whether due

to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks and obtain audit evidence that is

sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting

from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,

misrepresentations or the override of internal control.

z

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate

in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s and the

Company’s internal control.

z

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related

disclosures made by the Directors.:

Managing Director and Finance Director) are the Group’s

‘Chief Operating Decision Maker’ within the meaning of IFRS 8.

The operating segments have been identified and classified in a manner that reflects the nature of the products

offered by the Group.

Operating segments whose total revenue, absolute profit or loss for the period or total assets are 10% or more of

total Group revenue, profit or loss or total assets, are reported separately.

The measure of profit or loss used by the Chief Operating Decision Maker is EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and

Taxes), which includes revenue and expenses directly relating to a business segment but excludes net finance

charges and taxation, which cannot be allocated to any specific segment.

(s)

Fair value measurement

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly

transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the

presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:

z

In the principal market for the asset or liability, or

z

In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised

within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair

value measurement as a whole:

z

Level 1 – Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group

can access at measurement date

z

Level 2 – Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value

measurement is directly or indirectly observable.

z

Level 3 – Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value

measurement is unobservable.:

letter of support is in place whereby Namibia Breweries Limited agrees to provide additional financial support to Namibia Breweries South Africa

Proprietary Limited to meet its debts as and when they fall due until such time as specified in the: letter.

** As disclosed in Annexure B, a Cession Agreement was entered into whereby Hallie Investments Number Four Hundred and Twenty Eight (Proprietary)

Limited ceded its property to the Company. As a result, the Investment in Subsidiary decreased by the value of the property.

