Managing Director’s Report

11

12

Corporate Governance Report

Audit Committee Report

Remuneration Report

Group Value Added Statement

13

17

18

20

Consolidated and Separate Annual Financial

Statements

21

Remuneration Policy

Notice of the Annual General Meeting

Brief Curriculum Vitaes of Directors for re-election

Form of Proxy

Notes to the Proxy Form

88

89

94

95

96

Taking Action with a Strategic Focus

Overview

Reports

Governance

Annual Financial Statements

Shareholder Information

Taking Action with a Strategic Focus

Taking Action with a Strategic Focus

CONTENTS

2:

Managing Director: Corporate Guarantee

•

Chairperson: Risk Committee

•

Member: Audit Committee

G Swart

•

CA (NAM); CA (SA)

•

Years of Service: 5 years

•

Independent Non-Executive Lead Director

•

Member: Remuneration & Nominations Committee

10:

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT

Winston Churchill’s famous observation made, “Never let a good crisis go to

waste”, during the bleakest days of World War II, have a lot to teach us today.

The past 12 months and everything that surrounded it need no introduction. The

impact on Nictus as a group was no exception, and we had to, like all other

businesses, face this crisis head-on, and plough through the worst parts of it

with unprecedented grit.

We were used to adjusting to the ever-changing “new normal” in the past,

mostly caused by difficult economic circumstances, but the pandemic took the

“new normal” into unknown territory, and we had to reinvent ourselves within a

very short period. Thinking back over the year, a few things came to mind that

were integral to our results for the year:

Ownership

When the crisis hit we regathered our forces and, since May last year, significant

focus was centred on all management levels throughout the group to take ownership of

the situation. Defeat was simply not an option and, although salary cuts were introduced, it

did not stop us to go all-out to reach, and in many cases exceed, our pre-Covid estimates.

Proactivity

The employees of the group turned the crisis into an opportunity. Proactivity was greatly amplified, which helped us to increase our market share in all segments

we compete in, with excellent customer service enshrined throughout, and operating more efficiently in our ways and decision-making.

Optimisation

Not only did we optimise all our systems and processes, but we also increased focus on higher-yielding products, optimised our product ranges and gross

margins. Direct import of products by some subsidiaries also rendered exceptional results for the group. Unutilised premises’ were optimised in general by, for

example, launching our own bedding shop, named “Bedding Boutique”. It exceeded our expectations and we will be pursuing this venture in the new financial

year. We also had the privilege to introduce the Suzuki brand, as distributor for Namibia, in an effort to expand our product offering, which proved to be successful

beyond our expectations.

Leadership

Maturing leadership of the management committee was clearly visible during this time. They led by example, took the difficult decisions, made new plans, stuck

to them, responded swiftly to changing circumstances and remained committed, putting themselves on the line during this whole period. I am convinced that the

Nictus management team had matured to one of the finest in the country.

Adaptability

We were forced by a phenomenon beyond our modern-day knowledge and experience to become more adaptable. This, in my opinion, is one of the key things

that helped us through the past year. In looking back over a number of years, since the takeover of Trentyre, the withdrawal of General Motors and the recession,

we were well positioned to adapt to the changing environments. Management did not shy away from any challenge and when needed, adapted daily in their

approaches, plans and decisions.

The result: we did not let one of the biggest crises in the history of mankind go to waste. We grew stronger, more efficient, were resilient in our approach and

adapted when needed. Led from the front and took ownership by being proactive. We were able to realise more than double our profit of the previous year. This

was an immense effort by everyone in the Nictus Group.

I would like to give the Praise and Glory to our Heavenly Farther for this, Who also strengthened our faith through this whole process. Thank you, my fellow board

members for keeping your faith in the executive management team, even when the answers eluded everyone and the solutions were not apparent.

I herewith express my sincere gratitude to each employee in the group for the exceptional results achieved. All salary sacrifices made during the year were

refunded to employees, a promise we kept: If we work together and succeed, we will share in the success. We stood up to the challenge and proved that we can

be exceptional wealth creators. We shall build on the momentum gained, and I am extremely excited about the year ahead of us.

Yours in Creating Exceptional Wealth,

PHILIPPUS TROMP

GROUP: MANAGING DIRECTOR

Yours in Creating Exceptional Wealth,

PHILIPPUS TROMP

GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR

12

Managing Director’s mandate is detailed in the business plan, which includes the framework for the delegation of authority. The

Board boasts a spread of skills and a wealth of experience.

The majority of the members of the Board are non-executive, half of which are independent. The Board is committed to facilitate a balance of authority and

power and believes that, in terms of expertise and experience, an effective composition is achieved. Board decisions are rigorously deliberated and based on

the consensus principle.

The appointment of Directors is a formal process, which the Remuneration and Nomination Committee oversees. The induction process is managed by the

Chairperson and: Managing

Managing Director, and functionally to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee, who is responsible for the appointment, performance assessment

and dismissal of the in-house internal auditor. Internal audits’ coverage plan is risk-based and is approved by the Audit Committee annually.

The internal audit function forms an important part of the risk management process and is considered in compiling the risk report, which is presented to the

Board for further evaluation.

The Audit Committee oversees the external audit activities, including the recommendation of the appointment, the assessment of required qualifications,

independence, audit approach and methodology, reporting and performance evaluation of the auditors.

The Audit Committee reports to the Board as well as to the shareholders on how it has discharged its duties.

GOVERNANCE OF RISK*

The Risk Committee has the objectives to attend to the overview and monitoring of Nictus’ risk management processes. The Risk Committee reports to the

Board and Audit Committee on work undertaken in establishing and maintaining an understanding of the risks that need to be addressed and the adequacy of

actions taken by management to appropriately address and mitigate such risk areas.

The Board considers and determines in conjunction with Subsidiary Boards the levels of risk tolerance as well as risk appetite during its periodic review of the

Group’s risk profile. This risk profile determines the ambit within which the Board allows management to take on risk-inclined projects. The Board has appointed

the Risk Committee to assist in carrying out its risk responsibilities by providing oversight of Nictus’ risk management activities.

NAME

PJ de W Tromp

WO Fourie

NC Tromp

FR van Staden1

TB Horn

GR de V Tromp2

G Swart3

J de W Laubscher4

H du Plessies5

STATUS

Executive - Managing

Executive - Financial

Non-executive

Executive

Independent Non-executive

Non-executive Chairperson

Independent Non-executive

Lead Independent

MD: Corporate Guarantee

CEO: NHL Tyre & Tire

BOARD

4/4

4/4

4/4

4/4

4/4

4/4C

4/4C

AUDIT

COMMITTEE

2/2¥

&

¥

INVESTMENT

COMMITTEE

5/5¥

5/5¥

5/5C

1/5¥

1/5¥

RISK

COMMITTEE

2/2¥

&

¥

¥

REMUNERATION AND

NOMINATION

COMMITTEE

2/2C

2/2¥

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT continued

14:

Managing Director, to

the Audit Committee and Board on IT governance matters. The Board delegated the responsibility for the implementation of an IT governance framework to the

Group IT manager. The Board monitors the application of policies established and implemented.

Nictus promotes an ethical IT governance culture and a common IT language. IT is aligned with the performance and sustainability objectives of Nictus from a

safeguarding, strategic and business processes perspective. There are also processes to identify and exploit opportunities to improve performance and sustain-

ability through the use of IT. All IT matters are referred to the Group’s IT manager and consultants who advise on the most appropriate technological solutions

for the Group. Decisions are taken by the Board. Post implementation audits are conducted on significant IT projects. The value delivered by the IT investment

is presented by the Group: Managing

Managing Director, the Group Financial Director and an

Executive Director, who is also a Subsidiary: Managing

Managing Director, who is the chief operating decision maker, to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess

its performance, and for which discrete financial information is available. Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities are allocated on a reasonable basis to a

segment from customers, suppliers and other segments but exclude non-specific transactions.

The basis of segmental reporting has been set out in note 42.

Segment revenue

Segment revenue consists of revenue reported in the Group’s profit or loss that is directly attributable to a segment and the relevant portion of Group revenue

that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to the segment.

Segment expense

Segment expense consists of expenses resulting from the operating activities of a segment that are directly attributable to the segment and the relevant portion

of expenses that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to the segment. General administrative expenses, such as head office expenses, and other expenses

that arise at Group level and relate to the Group as a whole are also excluded from segment expense. However, costs incurred at Group level on behalf of a

segment are included in segment expense.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued

47:

letter of guarantee for a total amount of N$6 million in respect of cumulative redeemable preference shares issued by

Karas Securities (Pty) Ltd to Hakos Capital and Finance (Pty) Ltd. The outstanding balance at 31 March 2021 amounted to N$40 million (2020: N$ 40

million).

45.

Going concern

The consolidated and separate annual financial statements have been prepared on the basis of accounting policies applicable to a going concern. This basis

presumes that funds will be available to finance future operations and that the realisation of assets and settlement of liabilities, contingent obligations and

commitments will occur in the ordinary course of business.

Management have taken a number of measures to monitor and mitigate the effects of COVID-19 during the 2021 financial year. At this stage, the impact on

our business and results has not been significant and based on our experience to date we expect this to remain the case. The Board has made an

assessment of the Group's solvency and liquidity and has concluded that it is satisfied of the Group's ability to continue as a going concern.

46.

Events after the reporting period:

Managing Director in 1979. He

served as Group Chairman from 1998 to 2003 and is currently the Chairman of the Investment Committee and Remuneration and

Nominations Committee. NC Tromp serves on all Subsidiary Boards of Directors as Non-executive Director.

TB HORN (51)

• CA (NAM)

• Years of Service: 2 years

• Certified Internal Auditor

• Independent Non-executive Director

• Chairperson: Audit Committee

TB Horn is a qualified chartered accountant (Namibia and South Africa) and certified internal auditor. She served on the Institute of

Chartered Accountants Namibia Council for a number of years, and was president of the institute from 2016 to 2018. She was also an

audit partner of a big four auditing firm in Namibia for 5 years, leading the internal audit and corporate governance practice.

WO FOURIE (45)

• CA (NAM), CA (SA)

• Years of Service: 11 years

• Group Financial Director

• Member: Investment Committee

Risk Committee

WO Fourie is a CA (SA) and a CA (NAM) and completed his accounting articles in 2002. In 2007 he joined the Nictus Limited Group as

the Group Financial Manager and was appointed as the Group Financial Director (Nictus Limited Group) during 2010. He currently serves

as Group Financial Director (Nictus Holdings Limited Group).

94:

Managing Director)

FR van Staden

WO Fourie

Non-executive Directors

Gerard Swart (Independent Lead Director)

TB Horn (Independent)

NC Tromp

GR de V Tromp (Chairman)

Transfer Secretaries

Veritas Eksekuteurskamer (Proprietary) Limited

1st Floor, Nictus Building, 140 Mandume Ndemufayo Avenue, Windhoek

P.O. Box 755, Windhoek, Namibia

Registered Office

1st Floor, Nictus Building, 140 Mandume Ndemufayo Avenue, Windhoek

P.O. Box 755, Windhoek, Namibia

Sponsor on the NSX

Simonis Storm Securities (Pty) Ltd

Nictus Holdings Limited

Private Bag 13231, Windhoek, Namibia

1st Floor, Nictus Building, 140 Mandume Ndemufayo Avenue, Windhoek

Please visit our website

www.nictusholdings.com:

