managing director’s report

14 Operational review:

managing director and executive management

Gerard R de V Tromp has a BCom Marketing degree, is a chartered accountant (South Africa and

Namibia) and completed his accounting articles in 2008. After the completion of his articles, he joined

the group in 2009 as the group company secretary, which role he fulfilled until 2012. During 2012,

he was appointed as the: managing director of the furniture retail segment. During 2014, he was

appointed as deputy managing director of the group. On 18 April 2016, he was appointed as managing

director of the group.

Committees: Social and ethics, investment

Eckhart Prozesky (35)

Executive group financial director and executive management

Eckhart H Prozesky is a chartered accountant (South Africa) and completed his accounting articles in

2011. After the completion of his articles, he joined the group in 2012 as the financial manager of the

furniture retail segment. On 1 March 2015, he was appointed as the financial director of the group.

Committee: Investment

Nico Tromp (72)

Non-executive director

Nicolaas C Tromp (Nico) has a BCom degree. After completing his accounting articles in 1973, he joined

the group and became the managing director of the group in 1979. He served as chairperson of the

group from 1998 until 2003. He is also a director/chairperson of various other companies and has

acted as a trustee of numerous trusts for the past 32 years. He stepped down as managing director

of the group on 18 April 2016.

managing director of Nictus Holdings Limited

and has served the group for the past 17 years.

Committee: Social and ethics (chairperson)

Ronnie de Vrye (67)

Independent non-executive director

Cornelius J de Vrye (Ronnie) is a qualified chartered accountant (South Africa) and has 31 years’

experience in corporate banking and financial services, 16 of which were at executive level and

15 at non-executive board level. He has also served as an independent non-executive director in

the insurance and investment industry from 2009 to date.

Committees: Remuneration and nomination, audit and risk (chairperson)

Sarita Martin (49)

Independent non-executive director

Sarita Martin is an admitted attorney who holds various qualifications including a BProc, LLB, MBA

(GIBS), Diploma in Advanced Banking and Certificate in Compliance Management. She has attended

the Banking Board Leadership Programme at GIBS and has been an Institute of Directors Southern

Africa (IoDSA) certified director since 2013 as well as a Fellow of the Institute of Directors. She has

been a member of the core facilitator faculty of the IoDSA since 2013 and has served as a mentor on

the board and as company secretary of Mentoring Circles at the IoDSA and regularly performs board

appraisals in private as well as in the public sector. She also provides governance advisory, facilitation

and training services for the IoDSA on a regular basis.

Having practised as an attorney, she has also held various executive positions in the fields of company

secretariat for large JSE-listed companies and compliance especially within the financial services

sector since 1999.

Since 2013, she has served as an independent non-executive director of a JSE-listed company where

she has also served on various committees.

She is a non-executive director and deputy chairperson on the ActionAid South Africa advisory board

and is the chairperson of a company listed on the JSE Debt Market. She has also contributed to articles

on corporate governance and served on panels and in the media on matters related to corporate

governance.

Committees: Remuneration and nomination (chairperson), audit and risk

Ion Gerber (34)

Executive management: Insurance segment (prescribed officer)

Stephanus J Gerber (Ion) is a qualified chartered accountant (South Africa) and a member of executive

management. He completed his accounting articles in 2013, whereafter he joined the group and was

appointed manager of the insurance segment in 2016 and as chief executive officer, effective

1 April 2020.

Committee: Social and ethics

Willem Boshoff (35)

Company secretary

Willem H Boshoff is a qualified chartered accountant (Namibia) and completed his accounting articles in

2012. He fulfils the role of nominee group secretary of Veritas Eksekuteurskamer Proprietary Limited.:

managing director, financial director,

company secretary and staff for their enthusiasm and

dedication with which they implement the company’s strategy.

Professor Barend J Willemse

Chairperson

22 June 2021

The South African economy shrank by 7% during 2020, a

result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the extended lockdown

period, with more than two million workers losing their jobs.

Household consumption expenditure declined by 5,4% in real

terms in 2020, compared to the average expenditure increase

of 3,2% per year for the previous 20 years. This was one of

the deepest recessions in South African economic history.

The board and the management team took appropriate steps

to protect the business including, among others, cost savings.

We are therefore exceedingly grateful for the excellent results

and strong growth in profits during a very difficult time in

our economic history and business environment. This was

also aided by a significant rebound in the stock market,

resulting in a recoupment of our losses from the previous

financial year, especially for the insurance segment. Claims

in this segment increased during the 2021 financial year,

however, the business remains profitable. The furniture

retail segment continues to collect instalment payments,

while also repositioning the business with exclusive stock

deals with suppliers. The provision for bad debts remains

well below the industry norm, a result of good management

and credit control. The segment retained customers after

lockdown and with a good stock position and quality products,

profits increased.

The board and the management team continually evaluate the

strategic positioning of the business to adapt to a changing

business environment and explore new opportunities within

our risk appetite. The building in Randburg is in the process of

redevelopment with a partner and we are of the opinion that

this will add to cash flow and profits in the future.

CHAIRPERSON’S

REPORT:

managing director

22 June 2021

Corporate governance

In the economic environment in which we operate, corporate

governance remains one of the major areas of focus within

the group. Promoting ethical business practices with integrity

remains one of the most important factors for Nictus’ success

and sustainability. We remain committed to working together

with all governing and regulatory bodies, stakeholders

and related parties in achieving healthy relationships and

promoting sound corporate governance.

Outlook

The COVID-19 pandemic is far from over and I foresee that

we will experience interesting times ahead. The after-effect

may call for extreme measures and disciplines, but I remain

confident that we will overcome these obstacles as we are

fortunate to be in a position where we have exceptional human

capital and well-preserved financial capital. There will always

be business cycles with good and bad times, and we strive

to obtain maximum benefit in good times and wear off the

challenges of bad times.

Nictus remains committed to all our esteemed stakeholders

and we will continue to build on our strategy to create wealth

for them all.

Gerard R de V Tromp

Executive group: managing director

managing director and supported by the board.

These factors, including viability assessments, capital, solvency, liquidity and going concern status,

are examined in detail, and monitored throughout the year to determine their individual and combined

effects on the business and drive a strategy that should create exceptional value for shareholders and

other stakeholders alike.

Principle 5

Nictus application

Reporting

“The governing body

should ensure that

reports issued by the

organisation enable

stakeholders to make

informed assessments

of the organisation’s

performance and its

short-, medium- and long-

term prospects”

The board, assisted by the audit and risk committee and executive management, has established

controls and processes, including consultations with professional service providers to independently

gather, review and report adequate information regarding the group’s financial and sustainable

performance and the integrity of the integrated annual report. This includes oversight over

information published in terms of the King IVTM disclosure requirements.

The board has assumed responsibility for the approval of interim communications and the

chairperson of the board ultimately approves all SENS announcements.

Nictus is committed to transparent and effective communication with all stakeholder groups. Such

communication takes place through formal and informal channels, including the group’s website.:

managing director, who is responsible

for leading the implementation and execution of approved strategy, policy and operational planning

and reporting to the governing body. The board, with the assistance of the remuneration and

nomination committee, continuously considers succession for the: managing director.

The board is satisfied that the delegation of authority framework contributes to role clarity and the

effective exercise of authority and responsibility.

The board has appointed Veritas Eksekuteurskamer Proprietary Limited, a competent, suitably

qualified and experienced company secretary and approves of Veritas Eksekuteurskamer Proprietary

Limited’ service contract and remuneration. The ability of Veritas Eksekuteurskamer Proprietary

Limited, its board and employees, to perform its company secretarial duties and its performance

are assessed annually by the board taking into account a set of pre-agreed deliverables. Veritas

Eksekuteurskamer Proprietary Limited boasts decades of experience and the board has considered

and is satisfied with the competence, qualification and experience of the company secretary. The

company secretary has unfettered access to the board, however, care is taken to monitor the arm’s-

length relationship with the board and written agreements are in place to govern the relationship

between the parties.

The company secretary reports to the board, through the chairperson, all statutory duties and

functions performed in relation to the board. Other duties and administrative matters are reported

to executive management.

Principle 11

Nictus application

Risk governance

“The governing body

should govern risk in a

way that supports the

organisation in setting

and achieving its strategic

objectives”

Nictus’ risk methodology includes the consideration and implementation of appropriate risk responses

to identified risks, based on the strategic objectives of the group. The effective monitoring of risk is

achieved at Nictus through a combination of daily and periodic activities undertaken by management at

various levels in the organisation, culminating in the activities of executive management and the audit

and risk committee, which oversee the risk management process at Nictus.

The board considers and determines the levels of risk tolerance as well as risk appetite during its

periodic review of the group’s risk profile.

This risk profile determines the ambit within which management is allowed to take on risk-inclined

projects. The audit and risk committee provides oversight of Nictus’ risk management activities and

reports formally on its findings and recommendations to the board annually.

Details pertaining to the high-level risks of the group are presented on pages 6 to 8 of this integrated

annual report.

Principle 12

Nictus application

Technology and

information governance

“The governing body

should govern technology

and information in a

way that supports the

organisation setting and

achieving its strategic

objectives”

Nictus promotes an ethical IT governance culture and a common IT language. IT is aligned with the

performance and sustainability objectives of the group from a safeguarding, strategic and business

process perspective.

The board has delegated the responsibility for the implementation of an IT governance framework

to management.

All IT matters are referred to the group’s outsourced IT consultants, who advise on the most

appropriate technological solutions for the group. Executive management makes recommendations

to the board, at which level decisions are taken.

Continued focus is given to the effectiveness and improvement of operating systems in order to

increase functionality and promote enhanced reporting capabilities for better management.

The audit and risk committee annually considers independent assurance on the effectiveness of the

technology and information, including outsourcing.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT continued

managing director and the group financial director.

The composition of the board, its committees and attendance of meetings is summarised in the following table:

Name

Status

Board

Audit

and risk

committee

Remune-

ration and

nomination

committee

Social

and

ethics

committee

Investment

committee

Professor Barend J Willemse

Independent non-executive

chairperson

4/4

√ 2/2

√ 3/3

√ C 4/4

Gerard Swart*

Independent non-executive

4/4

√ 2/2

√ C 2/2

Nicolaas C Tromp

Non-executive

4/4

Eckhart H Prozesky

Executive (Financial)

4/4

√ 4/4

Gerard R de V Tromp

Executive (Managing)

4/4

√ 2/2

√ 4/4

Philippus J de W Tromp

Non-executive

4/4

√ C 2/2

Cornelius J de Vrye

Independent non-executive

4/4

√ C 2/2

√ 3/3

Sarita Martin#

Independent non-executive

0/0

√ 0/0

√ C 1/1

Stephanus J Gerber

Managing executive:

Corporate Guarantee

(South Africa) (RF) Limited

√ 2/2

√ Indicates board committee membership and “C” indicates board committee chairperson. The figures in each column indicate the number of meetings

attended out of the maximum possible number of meetings for the respective director.

* Gerard Swart resigned as a member of the board, and thus as chairperson and member of the remuneration and nomination committee and member of

the audit and risk committee, as from 1 February 2021.

# Sarita Martin was appointed as an independent non-executive director, as a member and chairperson of the remuneration and nomination committee and

member of the audit and risk committee, effective 1 February 2021.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT continued:

managing director and the group financial director.

The managing executive of the insurance segment has

an ex-officio seat on the committee, which meets at

least biannually.:

Managing director’s and financial director’s responsibility statement

31 Certificate of the company secretary

32 Audit and risk committee report

34 Directors’ report

37 Independent auditor’s report

40 Statements of financial position

41 Statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

42 Statements of changes in equity

44 Statements of cash flows

45 Significant accounting policies

58 Notes to the annual financial statements

Nictus Limited / Integrated annual report 2021

29

Financial

statements:

managing director

Chairperson:

managing director

Group financial director

22 June 2021: MANAGING DIRECTOR’S AND FINANCIAL

DIRECTOR’S RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

In our opinion, as company secretary, we hereby confirm, in terms of the Companies Act of South Africa that, for the year ended

31 March 2021, the company has lodged with the Commissioner of the Companies and Intellectual Property Commission, all such

returns and notices as are required of a public company in terms of the Companies Act of South Africa and that all such returns and

notices are true, correct and up to date.

Willem H Boshoff

Veritas Eksekuteurskamer Proprietary Limited

Company secretary

22 June 2021

CERTIFICATE OF THE

COMPANY SECRETARY

The directors, whose names are stated below, hereby confirm

that:

• The annual financial statements set out on pages 40 to 104,

fairly present in all material respects the financial position,

financial performance and cash flows of the issuer in terms

of IFRS;

• No facts have been omitted or untrue statements made

that would make the annual financial statements false or

misleading;

• Internal financial controls have been put in place to ensure

that material information relating to the issuer and its

consolidated subsidiaries have been provided to effectively

prepare the financial statements of the issuer; and

managing director, the group financial director

and representatives of the external and internal auditors

are invited to attend the committee meetings.

The committee met twice during the year and engaged,

among other work, in considering the reappointment of

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. as auditor to the Nictus group of

companies. PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. was recommended

for reappointment as the group and company external auditor

based on recent performance and regulatory reviews of the

firm, with Jorge M Goncalves acting as the designated audit

partner for the current financial year ending 31 March 2021.

During the year, the 2020 group annual financial statements

were subject to scrutiny from the JSE/regulatory

investigations and this was successfully addressed. Internal

audit reports are provided to the committee at each meeting.

Internal audit’s activity is governed by an internal audit charter

which is approved by the group audit and risk committee

and is reviewed annually. The charter defines the purpose,

authority and responsibilities of the function. The committee

reviewed the charter and measured its effectiveness during

the year under review.

The committee’s key objectives and responsibilities which

were met during the period are as follows:

• Determine whether management has created and

maintains an effective control environment and that they

demonstrate and stimulate the necessary respect for the

internal control structure among all parties;

• Ensure that the company has established appropriate

financial reporting procedures and that these procedures

are operating effectively, which should include

consideration of all entities included in the group annual

financial statements, to ensure that it has access to all

the financial information of the company to allow the

company to effectively prepare and report on its financial

statements;

• Assess the external auditor’s and designated external audit

partner’s suitability for appointment in accordance with the

JSE Listings Requirements and the information detailed in

paragraph 22.15(h) therein;

• Review the scope and outcome of external and internal

audits. The review is to include an assessment of the

efficiency of the audit function, ensuring that emphasis is

placed in areas where the committee, management and the

auditor believe special attention is necessary;

• Ensure that the appointment of the auditor is presented

and included as a resolution at the annual general meeting

of Nictus, pursuant to section 61(8) of the Companies Act

of South Africa;

• Ensure that the board makes informed decisions and is

aware of the implications of such decisions regarding

accounting policies, practices and disclosures;

• Provide a safeguard of directors’ responsibilities by

informing the board on issues of importance to the

business and the status of the financial reporting;

• Review and recommend to the board for approval the

group’s annual and interim reports;

• Assist the board in its evaluation of the adequacy and

effectiveness of the risk management system;

• Assist the board in the identification of the build-up and

concentration of the various risks to which the insurer is

exposed;

• Assist the board in identifying and regularly monitoring all

material risks to ensure that its decision-making capability

and accuracy of its reporting are adequately maintained;

• Facilitate and promote communication, through reporting

structures, regarding the adequacy and effectiveness of

the risk management system or any other related matter,

between the board and managing executives;

AUDIT AND RISK

COMMITTEE REPORT:

managing director)

18 November 2014

22 August 2018

Eckhart H Prozesky (Group financial director)

1 March 2015

22 August 2018

Non-executive

Philippus J de W Tromp

1 April 2012

14 October 2020

Nicolaas C Tromp

27 April 1979

21 August 2019

Independent non-executives and members of the audit

and risk committee

Professor Barend J Willemse (Chairperson)

15 June 2010

14 October 2020

Gerard Swart

15 October 2013

21 August 2019

1 February 2021

Cornelius J de Vrye

1 November 2018

21 August 2019

Sarita Martin

1 February 2021

Shareholding

Composition of shareholders

Number of

shareholders

%

Number of

shares

%

Ordinary shares

Non-public shareholders

11

1,48

41 986 527

78,56

Directors and associates

11

1,48

41 986 527

78,56

Public shareholders

733

98,52

11 456 973

21,44

744

100,00

53 443 500

100,00:

managing director, who

is the chief operating decision maker, to make decisions

pertaining to resources to be allocated to the segment and

to assess its performance.

Segment results

Segment results consist of segment revenue less segment

expenses.

Segment revenue

Segment revenue consists of revenue reported in the group’s

profit or loss that is directly attributable to a segment and the

relevant portion of group revenue that can be allocated on a

reasonable basis to a segment, whether from sales to external

customers or from transactions with other segments of the

group, but excluding non-specific revenue interest or dividend

income and also excluding gains on sales of investments

or gains on extinguishments of debt (unless the segment’s

operations are primarily of a financial nature).

Segment expense

Segment expense consists of expenses resulting from the

operating activities of a segment that are directly attributable

to the segment and the relevant portion of expenses that can

be allocated on a reasonable basis to the segment, including

expenses relating to sales to external customers and expenses

relating to transactions with other segments within the group,

excluding non-operating interest incurred, losses on sales of

investments or losses on extinguishments of debt (unless the

segment’s operations are primarily of a financial nature) and

income tax.

General administrative expenses, such as head office

expenses, and other expenses that arise at group level

and relate to the group as a whole, are also excluded from

segment expense. Costs incurred at group level on behalf of

a segment, however, are included in segment expense if they

relate to the segment’s operating activities and they can

be directly attributed or allocated to the segment on a

reasonable basis.

Segment assets

Segment assets consist of those assets that are employed

by a segment in its operating activities and are either

directly attributable to the segment or can be allocated on

a reasonable basis.

Segment liabilities

Segment liabilities consist of those operating liabilities that

result from the operating activities of a segment that are

either directly attributable to the segment or can be allocated

on a reasonable basis to the segment.

1.19 Determination of fair values

A number of the group’s accounting policies and disclosures

require the determination of fair value, for both financial and

non-financial assets and liabilities. Fair values have been

determined for measurement and/or disclosure purposes

based on the following methods. When applicable, further

information about the assumptions made in determining

fair values is disclosed in the notes specific to that asset

or liability.

Property, plant and equipment

The fair value of land and buildings is estimated by using

a combination of the income capitalisation method and the

depreciated replacement value method. This method requires

the net annual income generated by the property, based on

market trends, to be capitalised at an appropriate rate of

return to reflect risk, specific investment demands and the

overall condition of the structures. The group uses alternative

valuation methods where deemed more appropriate at the

financial position reporting date.

Investments in equity, debt securities and unit trusts

The fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or

loss is determined by reference to their quoted closing market

price at the reporting date.

The fair values of the financial assets were determined

as follows:

• The fair values of listed or quoted investments are based

on the quoted closing market prices;

• The fair values of debt securities are based on the quoted

closing market prices as reflected on the JSE Debt Market.

The securities are regularly traded on the active market;

and

• The fair values of the unit trust investments are based on

the quoted put (exit) price provided or published by the

fund manager.

1.20 Company-specific accounting policies

Financial instruments

Financial instruments are recognised when, and only when,

the company becomes party to the contractual provisions of

the particular instrument.

The company derecognises a financial asset when the

contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset

expire, or it transfers the right to receive the contractual

cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the

risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are

transferred or in which the company neither transfers nor

retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership

and it does not retain control of the financial asset.:

Managing director and key management of the group)

Eckhart H Prozesky (Financial director and key management of the group)

Philippus J de W Tromp (Non-executive director)

Nicolaas C Tromp (Non-executive director)

Stephanus J Gerber (Chief executive officer: Insurance segment)

Independent non-executive directors

Professor Barend J Willemse

Gerard Swart (retired effective 1 February 2021)

Cornelius J de Vrye

Sarita Martin (appointed effective 1 February 2021)

A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to a reporting entity if that person; has control or joint control

of the reporting entity, has significant influence over the reporting entity or is a member of the key management personnel

of the reporting entity or of a parent of the reporting entity.

Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling

the activities of the entity, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of that entity. Key

management personnel have been identified as the executive directors, non-executive directors and the managing executives

of segments within the group.

Close members of the family related to key management would also be defined as related parties. Close members of the

family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their

dealings with the group and include; that person’s children and spouse or domestic partner, the children of that person’s

spouse or domestic partner and dependants of that person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.

Commonly, an entity would be related to the reporting entity if a member of key management is also a member of the key

management personnel of that entity (other related parties), or the entity and the reporting entity are members of the same

group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).:

letter of

representation, in terms of their custody agreements,

should they wish to participate in the annual general

meeting electronically.

9.7

Unless you advise your CSDP, broker or nominee, in

terms of the agreement between you and your CSDP,

broker or nominee by the cut-off time stipulated

therein, that you wish to participate in the annual

general meeting electronically or nominate a proxy

to represent you at this annual general meeting, your

CSDP, broker or nominee will assume that you do not

wish to attend the annual general meeting or nominate

a proxy.

9.8

Forms of proxy (which form may be found enclosed)

must be dated and signed by the shareholder

appointing a proxy and must be emailed to TMS

at proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za. Forms of proxy

must be received not later than 15:00 on Monday,

30 August 2021. Before a proxy exercises any rights

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING continued

of a shareholder at the annual general meeting, such

form of proxy must be so delivered. Thereafter, forms

of proxy must be handed to the chairperson of the

annual general meeting before the appointed proxy

may exercise any rights of the shareholder at the

annual general meeting. If required, additional forms

of proxy may be obtained from the registered offices of

the company, the transfer secretaries or TMS, whose

details are set out on the inside back cover.

9.9

Attention is drawn to the “Notes” to the form of proxy.

9.10

The completion of a form of proxy does not preclude

any shareholder attending the annual general

meeting.

By order of the board

Nictus Limited

Veritas Eksekuteurskamer Proprietary Limited

Company secretary

Bryanston

30 June 2021:

letter of representation

in terms of the custody agreement entered into with

your CSDP, broker or nominee. Letters of representation

must be lodged with TMS not less than 48 hours before

the time appointed for the holding of the meeting.

Shareholders who hold certificated shares with their

own name and shareholders who have dematerialised

their shares with “own name” registrations must

lodge their completed proxy forms with TMS via email

at proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za not less than 48 hours

before the time appointed for the holding of the meeting

(excluding Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays).

10.

Forms of proxy have to be emailed to TMS at

proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za. Forms of proxy must

be received not later than 15:00 on Monday,

30 August 2021. Thereafter, forms of proxy must

be handed to the chairperson of the annual general

meeting before the appointed proxy may exercise any

rights of the shareholder at the annual general meeting.

Summary of rights established by section

58 of the Companies Act of South Africa, as

required in terms of subsection 58(8)(b)(i)

1.

A shareholder may at any time appoint any individual,

including a non-shareholder of the company, as a proxy

to participate in, speak and vote at a shareholders’

meeting on his or her behalf (section 58(1)(a)), or to give

or withhold consent on behalf of the shareholder to a

decision in terms of section 60 (shareholders acting

other than at a meeting) (section 58(1)(b)).

2.

A proxy appointment must be in writing, dated and

signed by the shareholder, and remains valid for one

year after the date on which it was signed or any longer

or shorter period expressly set out in the appointment,

unless it is revoked in terms of paragraph 6.3 or expires

earlier in terms of paragraph 10.4 (section 58(2)).:

