managing director of the property division in 2000, a position he

still holds today.

He sits on the boards of the property and private equity companies in which

Ellerines is invested. He is also a director of Hyprop Investments Limited and

Newpark REIT Limited. Kevin’s all-round business skill and acumen contribute

to Board and Committee deliberations of the Group.

Kevin joined the Board on 8 December 2009 and is a director of various other

companies, including some Group subsidiaries.

.

Investment Committee

Remuneration and Nomination Committee

Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee

Social, Ethics and Transformation Committee

(Chair)

(Chair of Remuneration

Committee)

GARY

HARLOW

KEVIN

ELLERINE

BLUE LABEL INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

LEADERSHIP

32:

managing director of the Black Management Forum

(BMF) where he also served on the board of the BMF

investment company. In 2009, Jerry was appointed to the

Presidential Broad-based Black Economic Empowerment

Advisory Council and was appointed as a Commissioner

of the National Planning Commission in 2010. Jerry was

chairman of the Mpumalanga Gambling Board from 2006

to 2015 and the State Information Technology Agency

(SOC) Proprietary Limited until the end of his term in

2015. He previously served on the boards of PPC Limited,

Goliath Gold Limited as well as chairman of Netcare

Limited and adviser to Citibank. He currently serves on

the boards of Cell C Limited and Sibanye-Stillwater

Limited where he also chairs the social and ethics

committee.

Jerry joined the Board on 19 October 2011.

Joe qualified as a chartered accountant in 1993. In 1996,

he co-founded Gobodo Incorporated, an accounting

practice with eight other partners which later became

SNG Grant Thornton.

In 1999, he led a management buy-out of Gobodo

Corporate Finance from the accounting firm and

rebranded it aloeCap Proprietary Limited, of which he is

currently the executive chairman. He serves on the board

of directors of various non-listed companies in which

aloeCap is invested. Joe is an independent non-executive

director of Dis-Chem Pharmacies Limited and the

chairman of Cell C Limited. He is also chairman of

Dis-Chem audit committee.

Joe joined the Board on 5 October 2007.

Nomavuso is a Chartered Accountant, having obtained

her B Compt and Hons from the University of South

Africa. She received her training from Deloitte and

Touche. After completing her articles, she spent one

year at Deloitte before joining SizweNtsaluba vsp

(former Nkonki Sizwe Ntsaluba).

During her tenure at SizweNtsaluba she was specialising

in consulting, internal auditing and attests function. She

started the Corporate Governance division which

housed the internal audit services, as she identified this

opportunity during the introduction of the Public

Finance Management Act (PFMA). She was also

involved in staff development and training as a staff

partner for five years. She then joined the Imperial

Group as the Group Audit and Risk Executive. While

at Imperial she introduced Training Outside Public

Practice (TOPP). When she left the group, she had

11 TOPP Trainees who are spread across the group and

still assist Imperial Group on consulting basis to ensure

they receive adequate training. She was appointed to

serve on the board of Imperial Bank as a non-executive

director representing Imperial, the position she held

until the bank surrendered its banking licence in

September 2010. She sits on a number of boards in

both listed and unlisted companies.

BLUE LABEL INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

33:

letter, terms, audit plan and budgeted audit fees for the 2020 financial

year.

Any non-audit services to be provided by the external auditors are governed by a

formal written policy which incorporates a monetary delegation of authority in

terms of non-audit services to be provided. The non-audit services rendered by the

external auditors during the year ended 31 May 2020 comprised tax advisory

services, tax compliance services and general advisory services. The fees applicable

to the aforementioned services totalled R6.6 million (2019: R1.56 million).

The ARCC has nominated, for approval at the AGM, the reappointment of PwC as

registered auditors for the 2021 financial year. The Committee also satisfied itself in

Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee’s report continued

BLUE LABEL INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

GOVERNANCE

94:

Dear Stakeholders,

I am pleased to report on the activities of the Committee for the financial year

ended 31 May 2020.

The Committee was formed in February 2012 in accordance with section 72(4)

of the Act and operates under Board-approved terms of reference, which include

holding at least three meetings per financial year.

As prescribed by the Act, the role of the Committee is to monitor the Group’s

activities in respect of:

• social and economic development, including the Group’s compliance with

the Broad-Based Black Economic Empowerment Act and the Employment

Equity Act;

• consumer relations and the Group’s compliance with consumer protection laws;

• the Group’s standing in terms of the ILO protocol on decent work and working

conditions, the Group’s employment relationships and its contribution to the

educational development of its employees;

• good corporate citizenship, including the Group’s promotion of equality,

prevention of unfair discrimination and reduction of corruption, contribution to

development of the communities in which the Group operates, and its record of

sponsorships, donations and charitable giving;

• the environment, health and public safety and the impact thereon of the Group’s

activities; and

• the 10 principles of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC).

This year the Committee met three times in line with its terms of reference. The

Committee engaged with management on transformation across the Group’s

workplace focusing on continuous improvement in meeting the Company’s

transformation objectives and regulatory compliance. Key focus areas for FY20

included:

• our strategy, implementation plan and progress for enhancing our B-BBEE

performance;

• the formation of our Trust Blu Foundation;

• employment equity and activities taken to improve our representation;

• feedback from the Group Employment Equity Committee;

• talent management strategy and implementation thereof;

Social, Ethics and Transformation Committee’s report

BLUE LABEL INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

GOVERNANCE

98:

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

This financial year has been a year of implementation

and consolidation of our Hay Grading systems and

new remuneration policy. The group’s remuneration

policy, implementation report and Non-Executive

Director’s fees were put to shareholder vote at the

previous AGM and endorsed with a majority (FY19:

87.98%, 87.56%, and 87.95%, respectively).

Our revised remuneration policy brings us closer to

best practice of fair and responsible remuneration

aligned to shareholder interests and value creation.

In choosing which financial metrics to use in STIs and

LTIs, we benchmarked against our peers, considered

best practice and, more importantly, incorporated the

specific business goals of Blue Label. In the

implementation of our policy, we have partnered with

our business divisions to ensure that the policy and

associated metrics are aligned to the operational

strategy and the talent requirements of Blue Label.

We believe that the output of this work has enabled

consistency of application across the Group and a

meaningful analysis of performance.

Section 1 provides an overview of how the

Remuneration Committee has championed our

alignment to King IV’s Code on Corporate Governance,

how we have implemented the new remuneration

policy and our key focus areas for the year. Section 2

summarises our remuneration philosophy and policy,

together with an overview of our total rewards

strategy. The full policy can be accessed here

(hyperlink). Finally, Section 3 provides an overview of

FY20 performance and discloses payments made to

Executive Directors during the year in terms of

performance against targets, as well as the fees paid

to Non-Executive Directors.

Looking forward to FY21, we will focus on

implementation and anchoring of our reward

philosophy and policy across the Group and continue

to champion the pay for performance principle and

EVP #HappinessisBlu. We trust that our holistic and

considered approach will enable us to align our talent

to shareholder interests, while differentiating us within

the marketplace and enabling us to attract and retain

talent. The Committee considered and accepted

revised proposals to refine the ESG scorecard.

The Remuneration Committee (Remco) has carefully

considered the implementation of the revised

remuneration policy during the year and believes it has

achieved its stated goals. We invite you to give us your

views on our policy and its implementation and remain

committed to continued engagement with all

shareholders in this regard.

GD Harlow

Chairman

23 September 2020:

letter of representation to do so.

On a show of hands, every shareholder present in

person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote

shall have only one vote irrespective of the number

of shares such shareholder holds. On a poll, every

shareholder, present in person or represented by proxy

and entitled to vote, shall be entitled to that

proportion of the total votes in the Company which

the aggregate amount of the nominal value of the

shares held by such shareholder bears to the

aggregate amount of the nominal value of all shares

issued by the Company.

Certificated shareholders or own-name dematerialised

shareholders who are entitled to attend and vote at

the virtual AGM are entitled to appoint a proxy to

attend, participate in and vote at the virtual AGM in

their stead. A proxy need not also be a shareholder of

the Company. The completion of a form of proxy will

not preclude a shareholder from attending the virtual

AGM.

ELECTRONIC PARTICIPATION

Shareholders or their duly appointed proxy(ies)

who wish to participate in the virtual AGM via

electronic communication (Participant(s)) must either

1. register online using the online registration portal at

www.smartagm.co.za; or 2. apply to Computershare,

by sending an e-mail to proxy@computershare.co.za

so as to be received by Computershare by no later

than 10:00 on Tuesday, 24 November 2020.

Computershare will first validate such requests and

confirm the identity of the shareholder in terms of

section 63(1) of the Companies Act, and, if the request

is validated, further details on using the electronic

communication facility will be provided. The Company

will inform Participants who notified Computershare of

their intended participation by no later than 10:00 on

Wednesday, 25 November 2020 by e-mail of the

relevant details through which Participants can

participate electronically.

PRESENTATION OF ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS AND REPORTS

The audited Group annual financial statements,

including the external auditor, Audit, Risk and

Compliance Committee and Directors’ reports for

the year ended 31 May 2020, have been distributed as

required and will be presented to shareholders at

the virtual AGM.:

letter of representation by the relevant entity

and a certified copy of the identity

documents and/or passports of the persons

who passed the relevant resolution or signed

the relevant: letter of representation. The

letter of representation or resolution must

set out from whom the relevant entity is

authorised to represent the entity at the

virtual AGM via electronic communication;

(iii) a valid e-mail address and/or facsimile

number (contact address/number); and

(iv) by no later than 24 (twenty-four) hours

before the virtual AGM the Company shall

use its reasonable endeavours to notify a

shareholder at its contact address/number

of the relevant details through which the

shareholder can participate via electronic

communication.

(c) The costs borne by the shareholder or his/her/its

proxy(ies) in relation to the dial-in facility will be

for his/her/its own account.

Special resolution number 3: Approval to grant

financial assistance in terms of sections 44 and 45

of the Act

The existing authority granted by shareholders at the

AGM held on 29 November 2018 was valid for a

two-year period and will expire at the virtual AGM

unless renewed.

In the ordinary course of the Company business, it

needs to provide financial assistance to certain of its

Group companies in accordance with section 45 of the

Act, and furthermore it may be necessary for the

Company to provide financial assistance in the

circumstances contemplated in section 44 of the Act.

• Notwithstanding the title of section 45 of the Act,

being “Loans or other financial assistance to

letter of representation from their CSDP or broker, as the case may be. This

must be done in terms of the agreement entered into between the dematerialised

shareholder and their CSDP or broker. If the CSDP or broker, as the case may be, does not

obtain instructions from such dematerialised shareholders, it will be obliged to act in

terms of the mandate furnished to it, or if the mandate is silent in this regard, to abstain

from voting. Such dematerialised shareholders, other than own-name dematerialised

shareholders, must not complete this form of proxy and should read note 10 overleaf.

Full name: I/We

of (address)

(BLOCK LETTERS)

Telephone: (Work) (area code)

Telephone: (Home) (area code)

Fax: (area code)

Cell number:

being the holder(s) of

Blue Label shares hereby appoint:

1.

or failing him/her,

2.

or failing him/her,

3. the Chairman of the AGM, as my/our proxy to vote for me/us on my/our behalf at the

AGM of Blue Label shareholders to be held at 10:00 on Thursday, 26 November 2020

or any adjournment thereof as follows:

Resolution

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1:

Election of Ms NP Mnxasana as a Director of the

Company

Ordinary resolution number 2:

Re-election of Mr GD Harlow as a Director of the

Company

Ordinary resolution number 3:

Re-election of Mr KM Ellerine as a Director of the

Company

Ordinary resolution number 4:

Re-election of Mr DA Suntup as a Director of the

Company

Ordinary resolution number 5:

Reappointment of external auditor

Ordinary resolution number 6:

Election of Ms NP Mnxasana as a member of the Audit,

Risk and Compliance Committee

Ordinary resolution number 7:

Election of Mr JS Mthimunye as a member and Chairman

of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee

Ordinary resolution number 8:

Election of Mr GD Harlow as a member of the Audit, Risk

and Compliance Committee

Ordinary resolution number 9:

Election of Mr SJ Vilakazi as a member of the Audit, Risk

and Compliance Committee

Ordinary resolution number 10:

Non-binding advisory endorsement of the remuneration

and reward policy

Ordinary resolution number 11:

Non-binding advisory endorsement of the remuneration

implementation report

Ordinary resolution number 12:

Directors’ authority to implement ordinary and special

resolutions

Special resolution number 1:

Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration

Special resolution number 2:

General authority to repurchase shares

Special resolution number 3:

Approval to grant financial assistance in terms of sections

44 and 45 of the Act

Signed at

on

day of

2020

Signature

Assisted by (if applicable)

Please read the notes on the reverse side hereof.

Form of proxy

BLUE LABEL INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

123:

letter of representation to do so or

should provide their nominee or, if applicable, their

CSDP or broker timeously with their voting

instruction should they not wish to attend the virtual

AGM in person, in order for their nominee to vote in

accordance with their instruction at the virtual AGM.

11.

A vote given in terms of an instrument of proxy shall

be valid in relation to the virtual AGM notwithstanding

the death of the person granting it, the transfer of the

shares in respect of which the vote is given, unless an

intimation in writing of such death or transfer is

received by the Transfer Secretaries, before the

commencement of the virtual AGM.

12. Where this form of proxy is signed under power of

attorney, such power of attorney must accompany

this form of proxy, unless previously recorded by the

Transfer Secretaries or unless this requirement is

waived by the Chairman of the AGM.

13. A minor or any other person under legal incapacity

must be assisted by his/her parent or guardian, as

applicable, unless the relevant documents

establishing his/her capacity are produced or have

been registered by Blue Label or the Transfer

Secretaries.

14. Unless revoked, an appointment of a proxy pursuant

to this form of proxy remains valid only until the end

of the virtual AGM or any postponement or

adjournment of the virtual AGM. This form of proxy

shall be valid at any resumption of a postponed or

adjourned meeting to which it relates although this

form of proxy shall not be used at the resumption of

the postponed or adjourned virtual AGM if it could

not be used at the virtual AGM for any reason other

than it was not lodged timeously for the virtual AGM.

This form of proxy shall, in addition to the authority

conferred by the Act, except insofar as it provides

otherwise, be deemed to confer the power generally

to act at the meeting in question, subject to any

specific direction contained in this form of proxy as to

the manner of voting.:

