Managing Director’s report

4

Ten-year review – salient features

9

Corporate governance and risk management

10

Sustainability report

16

Remuneration report

25

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

26

Statement of responsibility and approval by the Board of Directors

27

Declaration by Company Secretary

28

Independent auditor’s report

29

Directors’ report

33

Audit and Risk Committee’s report

35

Statements of financial position

37

Statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

38

Statements of cash flows

39

Statements of changes in equity

40

Notes to the annual financial statements

41

Annexures

– Information relating to subsidiaries and jointly-controlled entities

74

– Information relating to associates

75

Notice of annual general meeting

77

Form of proxy

Attached

Corporate information

IBC:

Managing Director) (Financial Director)

BCom, CA(SA)

Tim joined the group as group general manager: finance in

2003 and was appointed as financial director in 2006.

He is a qualified chartered accountant and has

had a number of years’ experience in the retail and

manufacturing industries. Tim has been the financial

director of a number of companies. In addition, he has also

held a number of senior and executive operational posts

within these companies.

L Witbooi (48) (: Managing Director: Western Cape Operations)

MBA

Leon has an MBA from the University of Cape Town and has

been with the group for 26 years in a variety of positions.

He currently heads the group’s Western Cape commercial

print and packaging operations.

NON-EXECUTIVE

PM Jenkins* (61) (

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT

EARNINGS

The difficult economic headwinds experienced in the

first half of the financial year (July to December 2019)

intensified in the third quarter (January to March 2020)

before the COVID-19 lockdown. It was, however, the

COVID-19 lockdown in April to June 2020 (despite the

gradual easing of restrictions towards year-end) that had

an unprecedented negative impact on the full year group

results. All operating units were affected to varying degrees,

ranging from complete shutdowns to, at best, curtailed

operations. The demand for our products and services was

severely impaired and in some of our major lines (fast-food

packaging, cigarette cartons and beer and alcohol

labels) the sale of the end-consumer products was totally

prohibited.

During this period, the first priority was to ensure the

safety of our employees and strict hygiene protocols

were implemented across all the operations in line with

government guidelines. In response to the operational

impact of the lockdown, various mitigating actions were

implemented to soften the blow, but it was impossible

to fully compensate for the decline in operating activity

and ultimately the Group incurred very significant losses

during the fourth quarter. The mitigating actions comprised

of a group-wide reduction in salaries and wages for a

three-month period, coupled with appropriate annual

leave being taken by employees, a freeze on annual

wage and salary increases as well as implementation of

flexible working hours, on a no work no pay basis, to match

the reduced demand. We owe a debt of gratitude to

management and staff alike, who shared the pain of the

deleterious effects of the lockdown with their employer,

without complaint or demur.

In light of the uncertain current and future trading

environment, the group was also compelled to evaluate

certain marginal operations in its portfolio. The group acted

decisively in making a strategic election to close certain

businesses that have been in decline for a number of years

pre-COVID-19. These businesses had no chance of surviving

the post-COVID-19 trading conditions, and the lockdown

simply exacerbated the situation. These decisions resulted

in the complete closure of the magazine publishing and

distribution divisions and the CD and DVD replication plant.

In addition, there has been a group-wide assessment of

the likely impact of the difficult trading conditions that are

expected to persist for the foreseeable future and many

operations are undergoing some form of restructure in

line with the reduced demand. These actions are both

regrettable and unavoidable and will unfortunately lead

to substantial job losses, estimated at up to 1 500 positions

once completed, out of a pre-COVID-19 staff complement

of some 6 000 persons. The retrenchments and closure

costs associated with these decisions have been fully

provided for in the reported results and further materially

depressed earnings.

Revenues declined by R748.5 million or 11.8% to

R5 572.4 million which has had a significant impact on

profits. This decline can be attributed to the impact of the

lockdown in the 4th quarter, given that from a turnover

point of view, the group was trading at similar levels to

the prior year, pre-lockdown. The lockdown significantly

impacted all our businesses, with the major impacts being

felt in our newspaper business where advertising revenues

dried up, the commercial printing operations were

impacted by no publication or advertising insert printing

work and the packaging divisions that service the fast food,

cigarette and alcohol markets were also severely affected

by the bans on trade in these sectors.

Raw material input prices were impacted in the second

half of the financial year by the steep devaluation in

the exchange rate. With the state of the current trading

environment, it has been extremely difficult to pass these

increases on to customers, and they have been largely

absorbed internally. The group has mitigated this through

some strategic stock holdings, with the focus for the

early part of the new financial year being to effect both

operational savings and modest increases to recover this

increased input cost.

Staff and other operating costs continue to be rigorously

managed. Staff costs declined by 6.2%, notwithstanding

approximately R58 million in one-off retrenchment costs

having been accounted for, associated with closed

operations and restructurings that have either been

completed or are under way. In response to the pandemic,

all staff also accepted a reduction in remuneration for the

three-month period (May to July). Other operating costs

ended 0.6% below the previous year, notwithstanding that

these costs include approximately R50 million of additional

bad debt write-offs and provisions, as the economic

climate impacted a number of customers.

The reduction in turnover during the lockdown period

meant profit from operating activities before depreciation

and amortisation declined by R303.4 million to R350.3 million

– a 46.4% reduction. Depreciation and amortisation

increased by R10 million over the previous year, to

R298.4 million inclusive of the IFRS 16 impact resulting in

profit after depreciation and amortisation of R51.9 million.

The current trading environment and outlook for the

foreseeable future has meant that the group has had

to re-assess the carrying values of goodwill, investments,

loans and the cash-generating ability of certain plant and

equipment. Because the group has always maintained

a disciplined and conservative approach to its historic

acquisitions and investment in plant and equipment,

its impairments have been relatively modest, when

considered against the catastrophic effects of

COVID-19 and the lockdown, on the economy.:

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT

continued:

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT

continued

CONDOLENCES AND RECOGNITION

The board would like once again to take this opportunity

to formally recognise the loyalty and enduring contribution

of our dear friend and fellow director, Piet Greyling, who

passed away in April this year. Piet was a doyen of the

industry, is irreplaceable and sorely missed. The board

wishes to extend its sincere condolences to Piet’s wife,

Martie, their two sons, Righardt and Armand, and their

families.

It would also be remiss not to recognise all our

management that have contributed to filling the huge

gap that Piet has left, and to dealing with the uncertain

environment that the pandemic has created, often with

significant personal sacrifice. At the same time, at every

level in our organisation, our employees have gone the

extra mile, and have endured a time of uncertainty and

sacrifice with great fortitude. It is extremely heart-warming

to see all of our people at every level of our group pulling

together in the interests of Caxton and its customers, and

the board would like to extend its sincere gratitude for the

loyalty and commitment that our employees in particular

have shown and continue to show.

TJW Holden: Managing

Managing Director, comprises senior

management who represent the main business sectors

in the group. Progress with regard to transformation is

reviewed later in this report.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT:

Managing Director.

The committee is tasked with identifying initiatives aligned

with the BEE Codes and monitors progress towards reaching

the group’s transformation targets. Quarterly feedback is

provided to the CAT Audit and Risk Committee.

Ownership and management control

Black ownership of group entities is measured using the

flow-through principle from CAT. Overall black ownership

remained similar in the past 12 months, with the black

female shareholding increasing to 8.01% in economic

interest and 5.8% in voting rights.

Driving diversity and inclusion is an integral part of the

group’s transformation and human resource strategies.

The group ensures that it is compliant with the Employment

Equity Act as all the designated employers within the group

report annually via the Department of Labour’s website

on progress towards reaching the individual workplace

Employment Equity Plan targets. Employment Equity

Committees meet on a quarterly basis where progress

towards reaching Employment Equity targets is measured.

Skills development

Changes to the DTI BEE Codes, that came into effect on

1 December 2019, necessitated a review of the overall

approach to skills development and training. The most

important of these changes was a new target spend of

2.5% of the skills development levy that is required for

bursaries at registered training institutions.

The main focus of the skills development and training

opportunities for employees, as well as unemployed

learners, is in the following areas: apprenticeships

(employed and unemployed learners), learnerships

(employed and unemployed learners), bursary programme

(employed learners), various internships to provide work

experience required for learners to complete their courses,

and the graduate programme (unemployed learners).

Learnerships, apprenticeships and internships

The group implemented 242 learnerships for employees in

the past financial year. The learnerships include National

Certificate in Production at NQF 2 and 3 levels, Supervisory

Management at NQF 3, Generic Management at

NQF 4 and the National Diploma in Productivity at NQF 5.

In addition, another 33 learnerships were implemented for

the sales employees at the Newspaper divisions for the

Customer Management qualification.

A total of 200 apprenticeships is currently running and are

at various stages of completion in disciplines such as printer

mechanics, printer electricians, lithography, carton-making,

electronic origination, gravure machine-minding, rotary

printing and re-reeling flexographic machine-minding,

cold-set rotary offset and heat-set rotary offset machine

lithography technicians, mechanised softcover

bookbinding and millwrights.

In total, 78 disabled unemployed learners were provided

with an opportunity to obtain a National Certificate:

New Venture Creation NQF 2 or a National Certificate:

Contract Centre Support NQF 2 qualification.

There are 170 previously unemployed people benefitting

from various forms of training within the group,

including apprenticeships, internships, work experience

and learnerships.:

Managing Director

Chief Executive Officer

Johannesburg

26 October 2020

STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY AND

APPROVAL BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Integrated Annual Report 2020 27:

Managing Director’s report.

REVIEW OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS

Revenue for the year decreased by R748 million to R5 572 million (2019: R6 321 million). Profit from operating activities

before depreciation and impairment decreased by R303 million to R350 million (2019: R654 million). Net finance income

received amounted to R124 million (2019: R139 million) with capital expenditure during the year totalling R151 million

(2019: R187 million). Cash and cash equivalents amounted to R1 743 million (2019: R1 698 million).

ORDINARY DIVIDEND

An ordinary dividend of 60.00 cents (2019: 60.00 cents) (gross) (net 48.00 cents (2019: net 48.00 cents)) per ordinary share

was declared on 18 September 2019, payable to shareholders registered on 15 November 2019.

PREFERENCE DIVIDEND

A preference dividend of 490.00 cents per share (2019: 490.00 cents) (gross) (net 392.00 cents (2019: net 392.00 cents)) per

share was declared on 18 September 2019, payable to shareholders registered on 15 November 2019.

SHARE CAPITAL

Particulars of the authorised and issued share capital of the Company are set out in note 12 of the annual

financial statements.

SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

Particulars of subsidiary companies are set out on page 74. The aggregate attributable interest of the Company in the

after-tax profits and losses of the subsidiaries were:

2020

2019

R000

R000

Profits

147 444

314 271

Losses

(212 240)

(6 554)

(64 796)

307 717

DIRECTORATE AND COMPANY SECRETARY

The names of the directors and the Company Secretary are set out on pages 3 and 28 of this report. In terms of the

memorandum of incorporation of the Company, no fewer than a third of the non-executive directors retire at the

forthcoming annual general meeting. Mr PM Jenkins and Mr ACG Molusi retire as directors and, being eligible,

offer themselves for re-election.

DIRECTORS’ SHAREHOLDING

At the date of this report, based on the latest register of shareholders, the directors’ beneficial shareholding in the

Company amounted to:

2020

2019

2020

2019

Directors

Direct

Direct

Indirect

Indirect

PG Greyling (Deceased 13 April 2020)

–

1 317 380

–

4 000 000

TJW Holden

–

–

–

4 000 000

TD Moolman*

–

–

3 975 695

3 975 695

PM Jenkins

8 000

8 000

–

–

Total

8 000

1 325 380

3 975 695

11 975 695

During the year, the group purchased the eight million shares pursuant to the cancellation of the executive share scheme which also

resulted in the repayment of the directors’ loans. There were no changes in directors’ shareholding between the end of the financial year

and the date of this report.

* At the date of this report, the Moolman Coburn Partnership, through various intermediate companies controlled by it, controls Caxton

Holdings Proprietary Limited, which holds 43.84% (30 June 2020: 42.91%) of the issued ordinary shares of Caxton and CTP Publishers and

Printers Limited. The Moolman Coburn Partnership and its intermediate companies control an additional 5.44% (30 June 2020: 5.32%),

and its associates acting in concert hold a further 1.03% (30 June 2020: 3.08%) of the issued ordinary shares of Caxton and CTP Publishers

and Printers Limited. The partnership therefore controls a total of 50.31% (30 June 2020: 51.31%) of the issued ordinary shares of the

Company. The directors do not have any non-beneficial shareholdings in the Company.

Integrated Annual Report 2020 33:

Managing Director

Chief Executive Officer

Johannesburg

26 October 2020

DIRECTORS’ REPORT continued

34 Integrated Annual Report 2020:

letter of representation from your Central Securities

Depository Participant (“CSDP”) or broker;

•

and do not wish to attend the meeting but would like your vote to be recorded at the meeting, you should contact

your CSDP or broker and furnish them with your voting instructions; and

•

you must not complete the enclosed form of proxy.

A shareholder who is entitled to attend and vote at the meeting is entitled, by completing the enclosed form of proxy

and delivering it to the Company in accordance with the instructions on that form of proxy, to appoint a proxy to attend,

participate in and vote at the meeting in that shareholder’s place. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company.

All meeting participants (including shareholders and proxies) may be required to provide satisfactory identification to the

chairman of the meeting. Forms of identification include valid identity documents, passports and driver’s licences.

PURPOSE OF MEETING

The purpose of this meeting is to consider and, if deemed fit, to pass, with or without modification, the ordinary and

special resolutions set out below.

Ordinary resolutions

To consider, and, if deemed fit, approve the following ordinary resolutions with or without modification.

Voting requirement: In order to be adopted, all ordinary resolutions require the support of a majority of the votes cast

by shareholders present or represented by proxy at the meeting. The quorum for the meeting is 25% of the issued share

capital of the Company.

Integrated Annual Report 2020 77:

