letter of

representation from it; alternatively

• if you are unable to attend the AGM but wish to be

represented at the meeting, you must contact your CSDP

or broker, as the case may be, and furnish it with your

voting instructions in respect of the AGM and/or request it

to appoint a proxy. You must not complete the attached

form of proxy. The instructions must be provided in

accordance with the mandate between yourself and your

CSDP or broker, as the case may be, within the time period

required by your CSDP or broker, as the case may be.

CSDPs, brokers or their nominees, as the case may be,

recorded in the company’s sub-register as holders of

dematerialised shares held on behalf of an investor/

beneficial owner in terms of STRATE should, when authorised

in terms of their mandate or instructed to do so by the

person on behalf of whom they hold dematerialised shares,

vote by either appointing a duly authorised representative

to attend and vote at the AGM or by completing the

attached form of proxy in accordance with the instructions

thereon and returning it to the office of the company’s

transfer secretaries (Computershare Investor Services

Proprietary Limited, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank 2196,

Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132) or emailed to:

proxy@computershare.co.za to be received by 10:00 on

Wednesday, 14 October 2020 for administrative purposes,

or delivering such form by hand thereafter to the company

secretary, before the proxy exercises any rights of the

shareholder at the meeting. In order to facilitate proceedings

at the AGM, shareholders intending to appoint a proxy are

requested to do so as soon as is reasonably practical.:

letter of representation or

you must instruct your CSDP or broker to vote by way of

proxy on your behalf in terms of the agreement entered

into by yourself and the CSDP or broker.

3. A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the meeting is

entitled to appoint an individual as a proxy, who need not

be a shareholder of the company, to attend, participate in

and vote at a shareholders’ meeting on the shareholder’s

behalf, and may appoint more than one proxy to exercise

voting rights attached to different securities held by the

shareholder.

4. The proxy may delegate his/her authority to act on the

shareholder’s behalf to another person, subject to any

restriction set out in this proxy form.

5. Every person present and entitled to vote at the meeting as

a shareholder or as a proxy or as a representative of a body

corporate shall, on a show of hands, have one vote only,

irrespective of the number of shares such a person holds or

represents, but in the event of a poll, a shareholder shall be

entitled to that proportion of the total votes in the company

which aggregate amount of the nominal value of the shares

held by such shareholder bears to the aggregate amount of

the nominal value of all shares issued by the company.

6. Please insert the relevant number of shares/votes and

indicate with an X in the appropriate spaces on the face

thereof, how you wish your votes to be cast. If you return

this form duly signed without specific directions, the proxy

will vote or abstain from voting at his/her discretion.

7. A deletion of any printed details and the completion of any

blank space/s need not be signed or initialled. Any alteration

must be initialled.

8. The chairperson of the annual general meeting shall be

entitled to decline to accept the authority of the signatory

under a power of attorney, or on behalf of a company,

unless the power of attorney or authority is produced.

9. The signatory may insert the name of any person/s that the

signatory wishes to appoint as his/her proxy, in the blank

space/s provided for that purpose.

10. When there are joint holders of shares and if more than one

such joint holder be present or represented, then the person

whose name stands first in the register in respect of such

shares or his/her proxy, as the case may be, shall alone be

entitled to vote in respect thereof.

11. A minor should be assisted by his parents or legal guardian

unless the relevant documents establishing his legal capacity

are produced.

12. The completion and lodging of this proxy form will not

preclude the signatory from attending the annual general

meeting and speaking and voting in person thereat to the

exclusion of any proxy appointed in terms hereof should

such signatory wish to do so.

13. A shareholder’s instructions must be indicated by the

insertion of a cross, or where applicable, the relevant number

of votes exercisable by the shareholder, in the appropriate

box of this proxy form.

14. If the signatory does not indicate how he/she wishes to vote

in the appropriate place/s on the face hereof in respect of

the resolution, his/her proxy shall be entitled to vote as he/

she deems fit in respect of the resolutions.

15. If the shareholding is not indicated on the proxy form, the

proxy will be deemed to be authorised to vote the total

shareholding.

16. The chairman of the general meeting may reject or accept

any proxy form which is completed other than in accordance

with these instructions, provided that he is satisfied as to the

manner in which a shareholder wishes to vote.

17. The appointment of the proxy or proxies will be suspended

at any time and to the extent that the shareholder chooses

to act directly and in person in the exercise of any of the

shareholder’s rights as a shareholder at the annual general

meeting.

18. The appointment of your proxy is revocable unless you

expressly state otherwise in this proxy form. As the

appointment of the proxy is revocable, the shareholder may

revoke the proxy appointment by (i) cancelling it in writing,

or making a later inconsistent appointment of a proxy and

(ii) delivering a copy of the revocation instrument to the

proxy, and to the company. Please note the revocation of

a proxy appointment constitutes a complete and final

cancellation of the shareholder’s proxy’s authority to act on

the shareholder’s behalf as of the later of (i) the date stated

in the revocation instrument, if any, or (ii) the date on which

the revocation instrument was delivered to the company

and the proxy as aforesaid.

19. If the proxy form has been delivered to the company, as

long as that appointment remains in effect, any notice that

is required by the Companies Act or the company’s

memorandum of incorporation to be delivered by the

company to the shareholder will be delivered by the

company to the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy or

proxies, if the shareholder has directed the company to do

so in writing and paid a reasonable fee charged by the

company for doing so.

20. The appointment of the proxy remains valid only until the

end of the relevant meeting or any adjournment or

postponement thereof or for a period of one year, whichever

is shortest, unless it is revoked by the shareholder before

then on the basis set out above.

21. Forms of proxy must be returned by the shareholders

concerned to the registered office of the company or the

transfer secretaries, Computershare Investor Services

Proprietary Limited, Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue,

Rosebank, 2196 (Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132)

or emailed to: proxy@computershare.co.za so as to be

received, for administrative purposes, by no later than 10h00

on 14 October 2020.

NOTES TO FORM OF PROXY:

