Letter

4

The Huge Business Model

6

Investment Case

8

Shareholder

information

Shareholder analysis

158

Notice of AGM

160

Form of Proxy

165

Corporate information

IBC

Annual Financial

Statements

CFO Report

58

Definitions

61

Directors’ Report

65

Independent Auditor’s Report

75

Audit Committee Report to Shareholders

79

Annual Financial Statements

81

Feedback

Huge welcomes interaction with all stakeholders. Further

information with regard to Huge may be found on the

Group website at www.hugegroup.com or by emailing

info@hugegroup.com. Stakeholders are invited to visit

the Company’s Facebook page or contact the Company

via twitter.

Facebook

Twitter:

Letter

Huge’s strength lies in its proven ability to sustain

its customer real estate and leverage its existing

infrastructure. Despite prevailing challenges,

Huge has continued to deliver against the

objectives of the Growing Huge Strategy and

solidify its investment case. Where endurance

is the path to sustainable success, Huge has

invested in the basis to deliver that success.

Duarte da Silva

Chairman

“ Never cease chiseling

your own statue”

– Plotinus (205 – 270):

Managing Director, Huge Telecom

•

Chief Financial Officer, DataPro Group

(now Vox Telecom)

•

Private client portfolio manager,

Fleming Martin Private Asset

Management and BoE

Samantha Sequeira 31

Chief Financial Officer

CA(SA)

Member: Investment, Risk and Social and

Ethics Committees

Appointed

25 March 2019

Previous experience

•

Financial Director, Virgin Mobile South

Africa

•

Practice manager, ARC Inc

•

Audit manager, ARC Inc

•

Financial Manager, Propertuity

Management

•

Financial Manager, Sandbox Holdings

Brian Armstrong 59

Independent Non-Executive

Director

BSc (Eng), MSc (Eng), PhD

Member: Audit, Investment, Risk and

Remuneration Committees

Appointed

1 September 2017

Previous experience

•

Group Chief Operating Officer and

Group Chief Commercial Officer,

Telkom SA

•

Vice President for Middle East and

Africa, BT Group Plc

•

Director of the Division for Information

and Communications Technology, CSIR

•: Managing

Managing Director, various

Aveng Group subsidiaries

Craig Lyons 50

Independent Non-Executive

Director

BCom, D.Soc (Economics)

Member: Audit, Risk, Social and Ethics and

Investment Committees

Appointed

3 July 2017

Previous experience

•

Chief Executive Officer, Mvelaphanda

Strategic Investments

•

Extensive strategic, management and

finance experience in various industries

•

Co-founded, lead and managed two

South African investment companies

Vincent Mokholo 46

Non-Executive Director

BSc (Unv. Limpopo), Telecom MBA

(Informa Academy UK)

Member: Remuneration, Nomination and

Social and Ethics Committees

Appointed

2 July 2007

Previous experience

•

Chairman, Huge Group

•

Deputy: Managing Director, Huge

Telecom

•

Client Services Director, TelePassport

•

Director, Ambient Mobile

Present appointments and responsibilities external to Huge

Qualifications

Board experience

Doctoral

3

3

3

4

5

CA(SA)

BCom

BSc

Other

Duarte da Silva

Consultant,

Casa Da Luz

Andy Openshaw

Managing Director of Huge Telecom, is a prescribed officer of the Company.

3

A Lessing, in his capacity as: Managing

Managing Director of Huge Telecom, is a prescribed officer of the Company.

2

A Lessing, in his capacity as: Managing

letter of representation.

Shareholders who wish to participate in the AGM by way of

the electronic communication platform are required to contact

TMS at JSE Limited, One Exchange Square, 2 Gwen Lane,

Sandown, Johannesburg, PO Box 62043, Marshalltown, 2107,

or proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za, as soon as practically possible,

but by no later than 11h00 on Wednesday, 7 October 2020.

Shareholders will be liable for their own network charges

in relation to electronic participation in and/or voting at the

AGM. Any such charges will not be for the account of the

JSE, Huge nor TMS. Neither the JSE, Huge nor TMS can be

held accountable in the case of a loss of network connectivity

or other network failure due to insufficient airtime, internet

connectivity, internet bandwidth and/or power outages which

prevents any such shareholder from participating in and/or

voting at the AGM.

RECORD DATES, PROXIES AND VOTING

In terms of section 59(1)(a) and (b) of the Companies Act, the

Board has set the record dates for the purposes of determining

which shareholders are entitled to receive notice, participate in,

and vote:

2020

Record date to receive the notice of AGM

Friday, 21

August

Last date to trade to be eligible to participate

in and vote at the AGM

Tuesday, 29

September

Record date to be eligible to participate in

and vote at the AGM

Friday, 2

October

Kindly note that in terms of section 63(1) of the Companies

Act, shareholders (including proxies) will be required to provide

reasonably satisfactory identification before being entitled to

participate in or vote at the AGM. The form of identification

that will be accepted includes an original and valid identity

document, a driver’s licence and a passport.

Shareholders who have not dematerialised their shares or who

have dematerialised their shares with “own name” registration

and who are entitled to attend, participate in and vote at the

AGM are entitled to appoint a proxy to attend, speak and vote

in their stead. A proxy need not be a shareholder and shall be

entitled to vote on a show of hands or a poll. It is requested that

forms of proxy be forwarded so as to reach TMS by no later

than 24 (twenty-four) hours before the commencement of the

AGM. If shareholders who have not dematerialised their shares

or who have dematerialised their shares with “own name”

registration and who are entitled to attend, participate in and

vote at the AGM do not deliver the form of proxy to TMS by the

relevant time, such shareholders will nevertheless be entitled

to lodge the form of proxy in respect of the AGM immediately

prior to the proxy exercising such shareholder’s rights as a

shareholder at the AGM, in accordance with the instructions

therein, with the Chairman of the AGM.

Shareholders who have dematerialised their shares, other than

those shareholders who have dematerialised their shares with

“own name” registration, should contact their Central Securities

Depository Participant (CSDP) or broker in the manner and

within the time stipulated in the agreement entered into

between them and their CSDP or broker:

•

to furnish them with their voting instructions; or

•

in the event that they wish to attend the AGM, to obtain

the necessary: letter of representation to do so.

•

Every shareholder present in person or represented

by proxy and entitled to vote shall be entitled to that

proportion of the total votes in the Company which the

aggregate amount of the nominal value of the shares held

by such shareholder bears to the aggregate amount of the

nominal value of all shares issued by the Company.

NOTE

In order for an ordinary resolution to be adopted, it must be

supported by more than 50% (fifty percent) of the voting

rights exercised in respect of the resolution, unless otherwise

specified.

In order for a special resolution to be adopted, it must be

supported by at least 75% (seventy-five percent) of the voting

rights exercised in respect of the resolution.

HUGE GROUP

Integrated Report 2020

160

OVERVIEW

STRATEGIC PERFORMANCE

GOVERNANCE

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

Shareholder information

(continued)

letter of

representation in terms of the custody agreement entered into between the

beneficial owner and the CSDP or broker.

3.

Shareholders are requested to lodge this form of proxy with the Company’s

meeting scrutineers, The Meeting Specialist Proprietary Limited, JSE

Limited, One Exchange Square, 2 Gwen Lane, Sandown, Johannesburg,

P O Box 62043, Marshalltown, 2107, or proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za, by not

later than 11h00 on Wednesday, 7 October 2020. If shareholders who have

not dematerialised their shares or who have dematerialised their shares

with “own name” registration and who are entitled to attend, participate

in and vote at the AGM do not deliver the form of proxy to the meeting

scrutineers by the relevant time, such shareholders will nevertheless be

entitled to lodge the form of proxy in respect of the AGM immediately prior

to the proxy exercising such shareholder’s rights as a shareholder at the

AGM, in accordance with the instructions therein, with the Chairman of the

AGM.

4.

This form of proxy shall apply to all the shares registered in the name of

shareholders at the record date unless a lesser number of shares are

inserted.

5.

A shareholder may appoint one person as the proxy by inserting the

name of such proxy in the space provided. Any such proxy need not be

a shareholder of the Company. If the name of the proxy is not inserted,

the Chairman of the AGM will be appointed as proxy. If more than one

name is inserted, then the person whose name appears first on the form

of proxy and who is present at the AGM will be entitled to act as proxy to

the exclusion of any persons whose names follow. The proxy appointed in

the form of proxy may delegate the authority given to him/her in the form

of proxy by delivering to the Company, in the manner required by these

instructions, a further form of proxy which has been completed in a manner

consistent with the authority given to the proxy of the form of proxy.

6.

Unless revoked, the appointment of proxy in terms of the form of proxy

remains valid until the end of the AGM even if such meeting or a part

thereof is postponed or adjourned.

7.

If:

7.1.

a shareholder does not indicate on this instrument that the proxy

is to vote in favour of or against or to abstain from voting on any

resolution; or

7.2.

the shareholder gives contrary instructions in relation to any matter;

or

7.3.

any additional resolution/s which are properly put before the AGM; or

7.4.

any resolution listed in the form of proxy is modified or amended,

the proxy shall be entitled to vote or abstain from voting, as he/

she thinks fit, in relation to that resolution or matter. If, however,

the shareholder has provided further written instructions which

accompany this form of proxy and which indicate how the form of

proxy should vote or abstain from voting in any of the circumstances

referred to in 7.1 to 7.4, then the form of proxy shall comply with

those instructions.

8.

If the form of proxy is signed by a person (signatory) on behalf of the

shareholder, whether in terms of a power of attorney or otherwise, then the

form of proxy will not be effective unless:

8.1.

it is accompanied by a certified copy of the authority given by the

shareholder to the signatory; or

8.2.

the Company has already received a certified copy of that authority.

9.

Any alterations made to the form of proxy must be initialled by the

authorised signatory/ies.

10. The form of proxy is revoked if the shareholder who granted the proxy:

10.1. delivers a copy of the revocation instrument to the Company and

to the proxy or proxies concerned, so that it is received by the

Company prior to the proxy exercising such shareholder’s rights as a

shareholder at the AGM, in accordance with the instructions therein,

with the Chairman of the AGM; or

10.2. appoints a later, inconsistent appointment of proxy for the AGM; or

10.3. attends the AGM in person.

11. If duly authorised, companies and other corporate bodies who are

shareholders of the Company having shares registered in their own name

may, instead of completing the form of proxy, appoint a representative to

represent them and exercise all of their rights at the AGM by giving written

notice of the appointment of that representative. This notice should be

received by the Company’s meeting scrutineers, The Meeting Specialist

Proprietary Limited, JSE Limited, One Exchange Square, 2 Gwen Lane,

Sandown, Johannesburg, not later than 11h00 on Wednesday, 7 October

2020 and must be accompanied by a duly certified copy of the resolution/s

or other authorities in terms of which that representative is appointed.

Summary of rights established by section 58

Summary of rights established by section 58 of the Companies Act, 71 of

2008 (Companies Act), as required in terms of sub-section 58(8)(b)(i):

1.

A shareholder may at any time appoint any individual, including a

non-shareholder of the Company, as a proxy to participate in, speak and

vote at a shareholders’ meeting on his/her behalf (section 58(1)(a)), or to

give or withhold consent on behalf of the shareholder to a decision in terms

of section 60 (shareholders acting other than at a meeting) (section 58(1)(b)).

2.

A proxy appointment must be in writing, dated and signed by the

shareholder, and remains valid for one year after the date on which it was

signed or any longer or shorter period expressly set out in the appointment,

unless it is revoked in terms of paragraph 6.3 below or expires earlier in

terms of paragraph 10.4 below (section 58(2)).

3.

A shareholder may appoint two or more persons concurrently as proxies

and may appoint more than one proxy to exercise voting rights attached to

different securities held by the shareholder (section 58(3)(a)).

4.

A proxy may delegate his/her authority to act on behalf of the shareholder

to another person, subject to any restriction set out in the instrument

appointing the proxy (proxy instrument) (section 58(3)(b)).

5.

A copy of the proxy instrument must be delivered to the Company, or to any

other person acting on behalf of the Company, before the proxy exercises

any rights of the shareholder at a shareholders’ meeting (section 58(3)(c))

and in terms of the Memorandum of Incorporation (MOI) of the Company at

least 24 hours before the meeting commences.

6.

Irrespective of the form of instrument used to appoint a proxy:

6.1.

the appointment is suspended at any time and to the extent that the

shareholder chooses to act directly and in person in the exercise of

any rights as a shareholder (section 58)4)(a));

6.2.

the appointment is revocable unless the proxy appointment

expressly states otherwise (section 58(4)(b)); and

6.3.

if the appointment is revocable, a shareholder may revoke the

proxy appointment by cancelling it in writing or by making a later,

inconsistent appointment of a proxy, and delivering a copy of the

revocation instrument to the proxy and to the Company (section 58(4)

(c)).

7.

The revocation of a proxy appointment constitutes a complete and final

cancellation of the proxy’s authority to act on behalf of the shareholder

as of the later of the date stated in the revocation instrument, if any, or the

date on which the revocation instrument was delivered as contemplated in

paragraph 6.3 above (section 58(5)).

8.

If the proxy instrument has been delivered to a Company, as long as that

appointment remains in effect, any notice required by the Companies Act

or the Company’s MOI to be delivered by the Company to the shareholder

must be delivered by the Company to the shareholder (section 58(6)(a)), or

the proxy or proxies, if the shareholder has directed the Company to do so

in writing and paid any reasonable fee charged by the Company for doing

so (section 58(6)(b)).

9.

A proxy is entitled to exercise, or abstain from exercising, any voting right

of the shareholder without direction, except to the extent that the MOI or

proxy instrument provides otherwise (section 58(7)).

10. If a Company issues an invitation to shareholders to appoint one or more

persons named by the Company as a proxy, or supplies a form of proxy

instrument:

10.1. the invitation must be sent to every shareholder entitled to notice

of the meeting at which the proxy is intended to be exercised

(section 58(8)(a));

10.2. the invitation or form of proxy instrument supplied by the Company

must:

10.2.1.

bear a reasonably prominent summary of the rights

established in section 58 of the Companies Act

(section 58(8)(b)(i));

10.2.2.

contain adequate blank space, immediately preceding

the name(s) of any person(s) named in it, to enable a

shareholder to write the name, and if desired, an alternative

name of a proxy chosen by the shareholder (section 58(8)

(b)(ii)); and

10.2.3.

provide adequate space for the shareholder to indicate

whether the appointed proxy is to vote in favour of or

against any resolution(s) to be put at the meeting, or is to

abstain from voting (section 58(8)(b)(iii));

10.3. the Company must not require that the proxy appointment be made

irrevocable (section 58(8)(c)); and

10.4. the proxy appointment remains valid only until the end of the meeting

at which it was intended to be used, subject to paragraph 7 above

(section 58(8)(d)).

HUGE GROUP

Integrated Report 2020

166

OVERVIEW

STRATEGIC PERFORMANCE

GOVERNANCE

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

Shareholder information

(continued):

