letter. Emergency succession and succession planning

for the chief executive officer role over the long-term is in place.

Company secretary

The performance of the company secretary was formally reviewed

in March 2020 in compliance with paragraph 3.84(h) of the JSE

Listings Requirements. The board is satisfied Janis Cheadle has the

competence, qualifications and experience necessary to effectively

discharge her responsibilities and, for the reporting period, she

performed her duties and provided appropriate professional corporate

governance guidance to the board at an arms-length basis.

Performance evaluations

Delegation to management

73

2020 Integrated Report

CONTENTS

PREVIOUS

NEXT:

Letter from the chair:

Our culture of partnership

Our values are embedded in our strong culture, which is a key element

of our strategic competitive advantage. People who are driven

by Passion, guided by Value and committed to Partnership have

enabled our success as an organisation. The core objective of our

remuneration policy is to attract, motivate, retain and reward top retail

talent to deliver superior results. The historical 34-year compound

earnings (20.0%) and dividend (18.8%) growths and our record of

key staff retention over the years, provides tangible evidence that our

values and approach to remuneration have delivered on this objective.

Our remuneration structures are designed to support this

entrepreneurial culture by incentivising high performance. We have

taken a conscious and deliberate decision to skew our remuneration

philosophy towards variable pay and we choose to generously

reward superior performance through our variable pay structures.

This ensures that our associates share in the risk and reward of

the performance of the group and are aligned to shareholder value

creation. At the same time our guaranteed pay is aimed at the

median of our chosen comparator group, placing a lesser burden on

the group’s fixed staff costs in years of under-performance. It makes

sense to us to reward generously when the group experiences

successful years, and to contain our fixed cost commitment to

reasonable levels in years of poor performance. To ensure that we

are providing remuneration that is fair, appropriate and responsible,

we conduct our own internal benchmarking exercise annually and

every second year make use of an external remuneration consultant

to confirm our objectivity in discharging our mandate.

The committee (and the board) is acutely aware of the global issue

regarding fair and responsible remuneration between management

and junior level employees. We believe that our unique and inclusive

approach to short and long-term remuneration enables the best

possible outcomes, is substantively fair, and is applied consistently

throughout the organisation. By addressing equal pay for work of

equal value, we consequently close the gap between gender and

equity disparity. The group’s recent role evaluation and grading

project has provided an objective basis to identify and address any

misalignment. Our partners share scheme, details of which are on

page 97, is a key example of the ability of all associates to share in the

success of the business. Total dividends received by the associates

participating in this scheme amount to R210 million since inception.

Our performance and impact on remuneration

In the committee’s view the following matters, inter alia, influenced

remuneration during the reporting period:

• The suppressed local economy and low business and consumer

confidence

• The remedial and structural changes that the newly appointed CEO

and CFO made to enhance the positioning of the organisation

• The threat of a loss of key staff to competitors locally and

internationally

• Labour and employment laws, amendments and minimum wage

requirements

• The impact of COVID-19 on financial performance, associate

remuneration and retention

The tough retail market and impact of COVID-19 on the group’s

results have meant that regrettably none of the share options and

performance forfeitable share plan (FSP) awards granted in 2015

will vest in 2020, due to the non-fulfilment of performance vesting

conditions.

In March 2020, the first case of COVID-19 was reported in South

Africa, and on 27 March 2020 the country was placed under a

nationwide lockdown until 30 April 2020. As a result of the lockdown

stores were unable to trade for this period (refer pages 18 and 19

for a complete COVID-19 timeline). Despite a complete shutdown of

trading operations, the group continued to remunerate all associates

at 100% of salaries including all benefits. The CEO voluntarily chose to

take a 15% reduction in salary for a period of six months and similarly

all other executive directors and non-executive directors voluntarily

elected to take a 10% reduction in basic salaries and fees effective

1 April 2020. In addition, salary increases for all associates for the

2021 financial year are suspended until the full impact of COVID-19

can be evaluated (refer to special resolution 1 in page 144 regarding

the approval of non-executive director fees). The group remains

committed to maintaining job security and ensuring the wellbeing of all

associates as far as possible to ensure business continuity. The group

applied to the temporary employment relief scheme made available

by the South African government for employers who were required to

close or partially close operations during the lockdown.

Background statement

90

Mr Price Group Limited

CONTENTS

PREVIOUS

NEXT:

letter of employment which stipulates their

notice period. The contract may be terminated by either party giving

written notice, which ranges from one month for a store or head

office associate to six months for executive directors. Despite these

provisions, either party may terminate the contract of employment

without notice for any cause recognised in law or by agreement

by both parties to waive the notice period. Contracts are also

terminated in the event of dismissal, without the associate having an

entitlement for compensation. Employment contracts do not contain

provisions relating to the compensation of executives for a change

of control of the group, providing neither balloon payments on

termination or retirement, nor restraint of trade payments (although

the latter may be contained elsewhere).

Associates retiring at the age of 65 may retain unvested shares

which will vest according to their original timeframes. However, given

that associates are entitled to take early retirement from the age

of 50, guidelines were established considering the age and years’

service of associates retiring before 65. This permits the retention,

post-retirement, of unvested options on a sliding scale. Associates

can take early retirement from age 50 and retain their options if they

have a minimum 25 years’ service. This graduates to retirement at

64, requiring 11 years’ service. Retirement at 65 does not require a

minimum service period. In the Partners Share Scheme, retirement

causes the shares to vest unconditionally and the age and length of

service guidelines detailed above have also been applied to those

associates retiring before 65.

In all other retirement or dismissal situations, unvested options

and shares will lapse unless the trustees and committee exercises

its discretion and permits the retention of any or all the unvested

options and shares. The schemes have been designed in such a

way that the option awards decrease as an associate approaches

retirement and retention becomes less imperative.

The committee has the authority to exercise its discretion and allow

associates to retain unvested options post resignation in addition

to the arrangements detailed above. Since the inception of the

schemes, the committee has granted this on a limited number

of occasions, after considering the associate’s length of service,

resignation circumstances, past service to the group and the vesting

period remaining on all unvested awards. No accelerated vesting

of share options is permitted in any LTI scheme. Pro-rata vesting,

based on length of service, is permitted under the rules of the group

forfeitable share plan (GFSP) due to the restrictive conditions agreed

by both parties.

The vesting rules for the new LTI also make a distinction between

fault and no-fault terminations. Unvested or unexercised awards are

generally forfeited for a fault termination, while unvested awards for

no-fault terminations are pro-rated for service and performance up to

the date of termination of employment. Shares may continue to vest

for retired associates, subject to the provisions set out above regarding

early retirement and the minimum 25 years’ service requirement.

Malus and clawback

The committee has adopted a malus and clawback policy with a view

to further align the interests of associates with the long-term interests

of the group and all interested stakeholders and to ensure that

excessive risk taking is mitigated. The policy applies to all associates,

prospectively to STI awards effective from 2019 and prescribes three

years after the award of any STI. All prospective awards made under

the new LTI will also be subjected to malus and clawback.

Following written recommendation from the committee the

board may act to adjust (malus) or recover (clawback) incentive

remuneration paid/settled, where substantiated and as agreed by the

committee, for reasons including but not limited to:

• Contributing to or being responsible for material financial

misstatements; or

• Personal dishonesty, fraud or gross misconduct; or

• Instructing, directly or indirectly, any person to act fraudulently,

dishonestly or negligently

Shareholder engagement

Remuneration report voting

Two separate non-binding resolutions for the remuneration policy

and implementation report is tabled for votes by shareholders at the

AGM each year. In the event that 25% or more of shareholders vote

against either or both the remuneration policy and implementation

report, the committee will engage with shareholders (in particular,

the dissenting shareholders) to understand their vote and consider

their concerns. The committee may consider various manners

of engagement, including extending an invitation to dissenting

shareholders in the SENS announcement of the AGM results (or in a

subsequent SENS announcement at a later stage) with the manner

and timing of engagement; and/or communicate with dissenting

shareholders via email, telephone calls and meetings.

Following this engagement, the committee may use its discretionary

powers to amend components of the remuneration policy and further

align these to market practice and/or shareholder value creation.

Additional shareholder engagement

The committee will, as appropriate, engage with shareholders on

matters concerning policy changes. The format of such engagement

will as far as possible include face-to-face meetings, or telephonic/

video conferencing. The purpose of these engagements is to invite

shareholders for their input on mutually important matters.

100

Mr Price Group Limited

CONTENTS

PREVIOUS

NEXT:

letter of representation, as

provided for in this notice.

Equity securities held by a company share trust or scheme will not have their votes at the AGM

taken into account for the purposes of resolutions proposed in terms of the listings requirements. In

addition, shares held as treasury shares in terms of the act may not vote on any resolutions.

Meeting participants (including proxies and electronic participants) are required to provide

identification reasonably satisfactory to the company secretary before being entitled to attend or

participate in a shareholders’ meeting. Forms of identification include valid identity documents,

driver’s licenses and passports.

Considering COVID-19 and consequent travel restrictions, shareholders will be notified of any

changes to the meeting arrangements.

Shareholders are encouraged to attend the AGM

By order of the board

Janis Cheadle

Company secretary

10 July 2020

147

2020 Integrated Report

CONTENTS

THE NUMBERS

PREVIOUS

NEXT:

letter on 18 September 2009. SARS responded to the company’s

denial of liability on 24 April 2015, more than five years later, and demanded that the company settle

the alleged liability, the value of which had been revised to R74.4m. A formal appeal against SARS

was filed in October 2015. The matter has been stayed pending further action from SARS. No further

correspondence has been received to date.

25.2

In May 2017 litigation was instituted by the National Credit Regulator (NCR) in the National Credit Tribunal

(NCT) to declare the group to have acted in contravention of the National Credit Act in relation to Miladys

Club fee charges. The group opposed the referral and the matter was heard at the National Consumer

Tribunal, with judgement handed down on 14 January 2019 in favour of the group. The NCR delivered

an appeal to the judgement handed down in our favour on 11 February 2019 but subsequently provided

notice on 29 May 2019 that they will no longer pursue the matter against the group.

25.3

During the 2018 financial year, the company received an assessment from SARS relating to the

disallowance of certain deductions claimed in the 2014 year of assessment. The company, supported by

senior counsel’s opinion, appealed the decision of the Commissioner to disallow the company’s objection

to the assessment.

During the 2020 financial year, the company entered into a settlement with SARS in respect of one of the

issues under dispute. The settlement had no impact on the income statement. The matter that remains

under dispute amounts to R10.9m, including interest and penalties charged to March 2020 of R5.3m. The

overall potential impact on the income statement amounts to R10.9m (March 2019: R10.2m).

No adjustments have been made to the financial statements as the directors are of the opinion that the

likelihood of a liability is remote.

24. Capital expenditure

Group

Company

R’m

2020

2019

2020

2019

The capital expenditure authorised by the directors

of the company or its consolidated entities but not

provided for in the financial statements amounts to

401

524

390

518

of which contracts have been placed for*

79

103

78

103

*The above capital expenditure is expected to be financed from future cash flows.

200

Mr Price Group Limited

THE NUMBERS

CONTENTS

PREVIOUS

NEXT:

managing director of the Polish operation before being appointed as: managing director of SABMiller

Africa in October 2007. During his time at SABMiller, Mark has had extensive experience with Africa

operations MandA and entering new markets.

The board supports Mark’s re-election.

Mmaboshadi Chauke

Qualifications:

CA (SA)

Date of appointment to the board:

21 November 2018

Position held:

Independent non-executive director

Key skills:

Finance, risk, human resources, financial services, strategic

Committee membership:

Member of the audit and compliance committee

Other directorships include:

The Small Enterprise Foundation, Mamor Investments (Pty) Ltd,

AfroCentric Investment Corporation Limited

Mmaboshadi is a member of the Institute of

