Managing Director’s Report

Chief Financial Officer’s Report

Directors’ Responsibility

Independent Auditor’s Report

Directors’ Report

Statements of Financial Position

Statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

Statements of Changes in Equity

Statements of Cash Flows

Accounting Policies

Notes to Financial Statements

Corporate Governance

Investment Committee

Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee

Remuneration and Nomination Committee

Shareholders’ Information

Notice of the Annual Genereral Meeting

Proxy Form

Notes

Corporate information

14

32

36

42

44

46

70

71

76

82

83

84

85

86

93

52

58

60

64

134

138

141

142

144

14

06

10

70

52

134

TABLE OF

CONTENTS:

Managing Director of IJG Securities. Romé has a passion for financial

markets and is extremely well regarded in this space. He developed both of

Namibia’s official bond and equity indices, to which billions of Namibia Dollars

of invested funds are benchmarked by the country and region’s asset managers.

He has managed assets for various companies and individuals, focusing on

customised segregated portfolios for specialised purposes. Romé served as a

director of the NSX from July 2015 to April 2018 and has been involved in a

number of debt and equity listings. He is a local valuation expert, having valued

various companies from start-ups to large mining entities.

STUART HILTON BIRCH (50)

STUART HILTON BIRCH (51)

Appointed: 8 August 2017

Qualifications: B. Comm (Computer Science), MBA

Nationality: South African

Function and Committees: Investment Committee

Background: Stuart has been in the ICT Industry for over 20

years and is currently a co-founder of IRIS Network Systems, a

company that focuses on providing telecommunications and

Internet Service Provider (“ISP”) companies with comprehensive

Network Management Solutions. Stuart is currently the Managing

Director of IRIS Network Systems who delivers and manages

their software and hardware on 178 servers spread over four

continents and in 10 countries. His clients include: - Undersea

cable companies - Pan-African ISPs - Regional ISPs - Data

and VOIP providers – North American regional Carrier Service

Providers. Before IRIS Network Systems, Stuart gained extensive

experience in the ICT Industry working at Dimension Data, of

which Internet Solutions is a subsidiary, where he served clients

in retail, financial services, telecommunications and healthcare.

At Dimension Data, Stuart held positions in Account Management

and Business Development. He was also the Regional Executive

for the Western Cape Region for Internet Solutions where his

JOSEPHINE NAANGO NDAKULILWA SHIKONGO (35)

Appointed: 8 August 2017

Qualifications: Associate Chartered Management Accountant (ACMA),

Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA), MPA: Strategic

Public Management & Leadership, CIMA Advanced Diploma in

Management Accounting, CIMA Diploma in Management Accounting,

CIMA Certificate in Business Accounting, National Diploma: Accounting

& Finance

Nationality: Namibian

Function and Committees: Remuneration and Nomination Committee (Chairperson),

Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee

Background: Josephine has over 10 years’ experience in the accounting and finance

field. She has worked in various sectors, including media, telecommunications

and mainly the financial sector. She has served in a managerial capacity at the

Motor Vehicle Accident Fund of Namibia, Agricultural Bank of Namibia and

is currently the Head of Finance and Administration for BFS Nampro Fund

Manager. Her experience includes overseeing the financial and management

accounting functions, procurement and property management, as well as IT

and HR functions. While studying in the US as a Fulbright Scholar, Josephine

worked for the Strategic Initiatives department at World Business Chicago,

an economic development public private partnership that drives the City of

Chicago’s economic growth.

region was awarded Region of the Year at the Annual Dimension Data Sales Awards in both 2007 and 2008 for the Africa

and Middle East region. In 2004 Stuart served on the Dimension Data Western Cape Exco, and on the Internet Solutions Exco

between 2006 and 2010.:

Managing Director - Namibia

Background: Andrew has been in the telecommunications industry for 18

years. He is passionate about customer service and a firm believer in the

under-promise but over-deliver philosophy.

Andrew is very service delivery orientated and is a very good communicator;

having numerous teams reporting to him. Andrew started out in the

telecommunications industry as a technical apprentice in 2001. He

progressed rapidly due to his passion for the industry and the commitment

to ensure projects are completed, implemented and planned meticulously.

He progressed to become the: Managing

Managing Director and Portfolio

Manager for STANLIB Namibia.

Brown was also an investment analyst at Allan Gray Namibia and has

stockbroking experience with Golding Torr De Decker in Johannesburg.:

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S

REPORT

OVERVIEW

The last 6 months will definitely result in 2020 being a year to go down

in the history books with worldwide travel bans, quarantine, curfews and

lockdowns becoming our everyday norm. The impact of this pandemic was

severe on an already struggling economy. The first industry affected was the

tourism industry who overnight lost their customers and the ripple effect on

industries dependent on them followed. The tourism industry contributes to

roughly 6.5% of our turnover. We offered assistance to our customers in the

tourism industry with discount options or temporary suspensions.

We did however also experience an upside to this pandemic which resulted

in a substantial increase in consumer demand with both data usage and

new connections delivering a sharp increase on consumer-based revenue.

The fast and easy customer deployment of the LTE network was a huge

contribution to this consumer revenue increase during the lockdown period.

The agility of adaption and capability of our billing engine also enabled us to

customise and release data packages to market with relative ease.

With all the challenges faced during this past financial period we still

achieved total revenue of N$173.4 million over a 16-month period and

exceeded our set revenue target by 4%.

ASSETS/INVESTMENTS

Our capital expenditure for the financial period March 2019 to June 2020

was N$101 million. The main contributors to this amount was our fiber and

LTE infrastructure expansion. As depicted in the graph below we invested

N$72.6 million in fiber infrastructure and N$12.6 million in our LTE network.

We mainly did fiber deployments in Walvisbay, Swakopmund and Windhoek

with national expansion of our LTE network in Walvisbay, Swakopmund,

Okahandja, Otjiwarongo and Windhoek.

Capex for financial period March 2019 to June 2020

The expansion of our network puts us in the position to supply services and

expand our consumer footprint which currently contributes to about 15% of

our annual revenue.

Our subscriber count over this past financial period increased with 158.5%

on fiber and 36.5% on LTE.

Current market trends have also shown that both corporate and enterprise

customers are also moving towards the use of broadband services as

available capacity on these services have increased tremendously, at more

affordable rates and with the introduction of SD-WAN still makes it possible

for them to experience enterprise level reliability and quality of service.

Factors that have contributed to this are:

1.

SD-WAN and its capability;

2.

Higher capacities available on broadband services with technologies

like fiber and LTE; and

3.

Cost cutting across the board in difficult economic times

With our focus and strategy of fiber and LTE infrastructure deployment it

has perfectly aligned us to provide these services to both existing and new

customers.

INVESTMENT STRATEGY

We will continue to invest in our own infrastructure for the next financial year

with a capital expenditure budget of approximately N$150 million.

Our focus will remain primarily on fiber and also a continued national roll out

of our LTE network.

We also have a back-office systems project planned to improve efficiencies

by means of business process automation. This is also in alignment to cater

for the increase in customers and services offered to consumer.

Paratus is the official landing partner for the Equiano submarine cable in

Namibia, a transaction valued at approximately N$260 million. The cable

landing station, set to be completed in 2021, will be the second submarine

cable landing in Namibia offering the country redundancy and even more

affordable international capacity. This will enable Paratus to leverage even

greater returns on our Trans Kalahari Fiber route due to the sale of capacity

to neighbouring countries.

The PNH board approved the development of a Tier-3 / PCI-compliant data

center, with an expected completion date of 2022 with a total value of N$120

million. The first phase of this data center will house 140 cabinets of which

40% will be taken up by an international anchor tenant. Paratus will also

include an array of value-added services to customers who make use of

these facilities.

Andrew Hall: Managing

Managing Director (“MD”), Group Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Group Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) and Group Chief Operations Officer (“COO”) are ex

officio members of the Board.

There is a clear division of responsibilities between the executive responsibility for the running of the business and the leadership of the Board, such that no one

individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

The Remuneration and Nomination Committee (“REMCOM”) of the Board will assist with the identification of suitable candidates for appointment to the Board

and to board committees. Directors appointed by the Board based on the recommendation of the REMCOM will stand down at the first annual general meeting

of shareholders following such appointment and may offer themselves for re-election.

The Board will on an annual basis consider its size, diversity, demographics and skills requirements as part of the assessment of the Board and directors’

performance.

At least one third of the non-executive directors will retire by rotation on an annual basis.

The independence of all independent non-executive directors will be assessed on an annual basis with a specific focus on the independence of independent

non-executive directors who have served for more than 6 (six) years and the outcome of such assessments will be reported on in the Integrated Annual Report.

Upon the completion of the share swap transaction whereby PNH increased its shareholding from 51.4% to 100% in Paratus, the Board composition was reviewed

and the directors of PNH and Paratus were aligned to create mirror boards for both entities.

The directors at date of this report are:

Director

Date appointed

Status

Hans-Bruno Gerdes

08 August 2017

Independent non-executive director, Chairperson

Brown Amuenje (1)

08 August 2017

Independent non-executive director

Stuart Birch (2)

08 August 2017

Independent non-executive director

Romé Mostert

30 June 2017

Independent non-executive director

Josephine Shikongo

08 August 2017

Independent non-executive director

Jaco Esterhuyse (2)

23 May 2018

Non-executive director

Stefan de Bruin

08 August 2017

Group Chief Financial Officer, Executive director

Schalk Erasmus

08 August 2017

Group Chief Operations Officer, Executive director

Bartholomeus Harmse

25 September 2019

Group Chief Executive Officer, Executive director

Rolf Mendelsohn (3)

25 September 2019

Group Chief Technology Officer, Executive director

Andrew Hall

25 September 2019: Managing

letter of appointment. Inexperienced directors will

be assisted, with the guidance of the chairperson, to participate in mentoring

programmes where available. The need for continuing professional

development programmes will be identified as part of the annual assessment

of the performance of the directors.

Directors will be provided with regular briefings on changes in risks, laws and

the environment but will also be expected to keep abreast of developments

in the business environment and markets that may have a material impact

on the business.

As part of the succession policy of the Board, suitably qualified candidates

can be appointed as members of board committees so as to ensure that

such candidates obtain sufficient exposure and experience.

BOARD PROCEDURES AND POLICIES

The Board adopted the below policies and procedures to ensure proper

governance in the management of its affairs:

Conflicts of interest: The Board adopted a formal Code of Conduct and

Conflicts of Interest Policy in terms of which conflicts are defined and

appropriate procedures for dealing with conflicts are prescribed. Directors

are at liberty to accept other board appointments as long as the appointment

does not conflict with the business of the Company and/or Group and does

not detrimentally affect the director’s performance as a director on the

Board of PNH.

Trading in company equities: The Board adopted and approved a

formal procedure to regulate the trading by directors, officers and senior

management in the Company’s equities.

Dissemination of company information: The Board approved a policy in

respect of the dissemination of Company and/or Group information in order

to regulate the circulation of price sensitive information and to ensure equal

treatment of all shareholders.

BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has delegated certain of its functions to well-structured committees but without abdicating its own responsibilities.

As a minimum, the Board has established an Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee (“ARC”), Investment Committee (“IC”) and a Remuneration and Nomination

Committee (“REMCOM”)

Each board committee, as established by the Board, has a committee charter approved by the Board and is reviewed annually. The committees are appropriately

constituted with due regard to the skills required by each committee.

Each of these committees are chaired by an independent non-executive director or by a suitably qualified non-executive committee member and the majority of

committee members are independent non-executive directors.

Refer to separate committee reports on pages 58 to 67 for more information on each of the committees.

The table below depicts the composition of the Board committees:

Director

ARC

REMCOM

IC

Hans-Bruno Gerdes

Brown Amuenje (1)

CP

Stuart Birch (2)

Jaco Esterhuyse (2)

CP

CP

Romé Mostert (3)

CP

Josephine Shikongo (4)

CP

chairperson of committee



member

(1)

retired effective 25 September 2019

(2)

South African

(3)

appointed to the Investment Committee effective 19 November 2019

(4)

retired from Investment Committee effective 19 November 2019

Investment Committee (Read more on page 58)

Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee (Read more on pages 60 to 63)

Remuneration and Nomination Committee (Read more on pages 64 to 67)

Executive Committee:

letter;

•

recommend letters of representation and other documentation for Board approval;

•

recommend approval of annual reports and interim results to Board;

•

recommend approval of annual budgets to Board;

•

recommend approval of NSX announcements to Board;

•

agree and recommend accounting policies to Board;

•

reporting to Board on proceedings of the committee;

•

monitor the corporate risk assessment process;

•

monitor the financial risk assessment process and the committee must review;

-

financial risks;

-

internal financial controls;

-

fraud risk as they relate to financial reporting;

-

IT risk as they relate to financial reporting; and

-

reporting to the NSX in the annual NSX compliance, that the committee has monitored compliance during the year concerned;

•

consider problems identified in the going concern assumption;

•

consider the appropriateness and disclosure of related party transactions;

•

the committee oversees integrated reporting;

-

have reasonable regard to all material factors and risks that may impact on the integrity of the Integrated Annual Report;

-

review the financial statements, interim reports, preliminary or provisional results announcement, summarised integrated information, any other

intended release of price-sensitive information and prospectuses, trading statements and similar documents;

•

the committee ensures that a combined assurance model is applied to provide a coordinated approach to all assurance activities;

•

the committee satisfies itself of the expertise, resources and experience of the finance function of the Company and Group; and

•

the committee shall be responsible for overseeing any internal audit function, once such function is in place

EXTERNAL AUDIT

As regards External Audit, the committee:

•

is satisfied with their independence especially where non-audit services are performed;

•

agreed the principles with the external auditors without limiting their statutory obligations;

•

decided on the extent of external verification of non-financial information;

•

decided on the external review of interim results; and

•

recommends that PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PWC”) be re-appointed for the financial year ending 30 June 2021 and has overseen the external audit

process; and

•

recommended the proposed audit fees by the external auditors to the Board during May 2020.

The external auditor attended all committee meetings and has unfettered access to the ARC chairperson and the Board.

INTERNAL AUDIT

The Company and Group has not yet appointed an internal auditor and thus have not performed an internal audit.

The committee will review the necessity of an internal audit function taking into consideration the size of the Company and/or Group.

The Board may decide to outsource this function to address specified risk areas.

INTERNAL CONTROL

These financial statements support the viability, accountability and effective internal control processes of PNH.

The system of internal financial and operational control is the responsibility of the Board. Management ensure that assets are protected, systems operate

effectively, and all valid transactions are recorded properly.

Risks and controls are reviewed and monitored regularly for relevance and effectiveness. Internal controls are designed to mitigate and not to eliminate

significant risks faced. Such a system provides reasonable but not absolute assurance against error, omission, misstatement or loss. This is achieved through a

combination of risk identification, evaluation and monitoring processes, appropriate decision-making, assurance and control functions such as risk management

and compliance.

Based on reviews, information and explanations given by management and discussions with the external auditors on the results of their audit, the committee is

satisfied that the system of internal controls of PNH operated effectively in the year under review. Nothing has come to the committee’s attention that causes it

to believe that the system of internal financial controls is not effective.

FINANCE FUNCTION

The committee has reviewed the financial statements of the Company and Group and is satisfied that they comply with IFRS.

The external auditor has expressed an opinion on the financial statements for the period ended June 2020, refer to page 71.

The committee is satisfied that Stefan de Bruin, the CFO for the financial period ended 30 June 2020, has the appropriate expertise and experience to meet his

responsibilities in the position. The expertise, experience and adequacy of the resources making up the finance function were also considered, and the committee

is satisfied that these are appropriate.:

Managing Director of PNH effective 25 September 2019.

Management agreement

The Management agreement was terminated upon the completion of share swap transaction. For the period before termination the Management fee was a

quarterly fee, calculated as one quarter of 0.5% of the total value of all the assets acquired or invested in by PNH from time to time (excluding the investment in

Paratus), being the fair value thereof or cost thereof, whichever is the highest, but excluding the Total Subscription Value still held in cash or in an Escrow Account

of PNH at each Quarter Date. The fee was payable on the last day of each quarter.

An amount of N$35,650 per month was paid to the Manager, until the termination of the Management agreement. The fee was paid for management and

accounting services and included recoveries for software and other disbursements.

Investment agreement

Prior to the completion of the share swap transaction and the termination of the Investment agreement, Cirrus was entitled to 1.25% on transactions successfully

completed, 1.25% on equity capital raised and a fee ranging 0.35% to 1% on debt capital raised.:

Managing director: Namibia, Executive director

(1) retired effective 25 September 2019

(2) South African

(3) alternate director to Bartholomeus Harmse:

director's remuneration (refer to RNC

report for detail)

1,277,500

832,500

812,000

832,500

%shares in issue

%shares in issue

%shares in issue

%shares in issue

Directors' interest in shares

Total shareholding refer to directors' report for detail

34.66%

10.56%

34.66%

10.56%

37. DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS

Figures in Namibia Dollar

Group

Executive

2020

Emoluments

Total

Directors

3,527,250

3,527,250

Group

Non-executive

2020

Committees

fees

Total

Directors

1,277,500

1,277,500

2019

Committees

fees

Total

Directors

832,500

832,500

Company

Non-executive

2020

Committees

fees

Total

Directors

812,000

812,000

2019

Committees

fees

Total

Directors

832,500

832,500:

MANAGING DIRECTOR: NAMIBIA

Andrew Hall

Tel. +264 83 300 1000

E-mail: andrew@paratus.africa

GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Stefan de Bruin

Tel. +264 83 300 1000

E-mail: stefan@paratus.africa

GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Barney Harmse

Tel. +264 83 300 1000

E-mail: barney@paratus.africa

COMMERCIAL BANKS

Bank Windhoek Limited

Head Office

262 Independence Avenue

Windhoek, Namibia

P.O. Box 15

Windhoek, Namibia

First National Bank Namibia

FNB Windhoek Parkside Head Office

130 Independence Avenue c/o Fidel

Castro

Windhoek, Namibia

P.O. Box 195

Windhoek, Namibia

COMPANY SECRETARY

Cronjé Secretarial Services (Proprietary)

Limited

1 Charles Cathral Street

Windhoek, Namibia

P.O. Box 81588

Olympia

Windhoek, Namibia

Tel: +264 81 319 8200

E-mail: cronje@cronjelaw.com

www.cronjelaw.com

AUDITORS AND REPORTING

ACCOUNTANT

PricewaterhouseCoopers (Chartered

Accountants (Namibia))

Registered Accountants and Auditors

344 Independence Avenue

Windhoek, Namibia

P.O. Box 1571

Windhoek, Namibia

Tel: +264 61 284 1000

CIRRUS CAPITAL

45 Nelson Mandela Avenue

Windhoek, Namibia

P.O. Box 81009

Windhoek, Namibia

Cell: +264 81 675 6401

Cell: +264 85 551 3649

E-mail: rowland@cirrus.com

www.cirrus.com.na

INDEPENDENT EXPERT

PSG Capital (Proprietary) Limited

1st Floor,

Ou Kollege Building

35 Kerk Street

P.O. Box 7403

Stellenbosch, 7599

South Africa

Tel: +27 21 887 9602

Fax: +27 21 887 9624

E-mail: cronje@cronjelaw.com

www.cronjelaw.com

SPONSOR

Simonis Storm Securities

4 Koch Street

Klein Windhoek

Windhoek, Namibia

P.O. Box 3970

Windhoek, Namibia

Tel: +264 61 254 194

E-mail: info@sss.com.na

www.sss.com.na/

Tel: +264 83 300 1000

LEGAL ADVISORS

Cronjé & Co

1 Charles

Cathral Street

Windhoek, Namibia

P.O. Box 81588

Olympia ,Windhoek, Namibia

Tel: +264 61 247435/7

E-mail: info@cronjelaw.com

www.cronjelaw.com Continued

Tel: +264 83 300 1000

ENS Africa

3rd Floor, Unit 4

LA Chambers

Ausspann Plaza

Dr. Agostinho Neto Road

Windhoek, Namibia

Private Bag 12007

Ausspannplatz

Windhoek

Namibia

Tel: +264 61 379 700

E-mail : infoWDH@ENSafrica.com:

