Letter from the Chairman of the Remuneration

Committee: Dear Shareholders

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the 2020

remuneration report for the Vodacom Group.

This report includes our remuneration philosophy and policy for

executive and non-executive directors, and provides a description of

how the policy has been implemented. It also discloses payments

made to non-executive and executive directors during the year.

In line with our commitment to fair and responsible remuneration,

we continuously review our remuneration policies and practices to

ensure that they remain fit for purpose and are aligned with

Vodacom’s strategic objectives.

We have carefully reviewed the Group’s remuneration policy and

ensured that the remuneration practices were aligned with the policy

objectives.

The committee is satisfied that our current remuneration policy

is still relevant. The committee has thus agreed that the reward

framework will remain in place, ensuring that our total reward

offerings encompass all of the life cycle elements that employees

experience throughout their career.

We are committed to maintaining a strong relationship with our

shareholders, built on trust and a clear understanding of our

remuneration policy and the practices that have been implemented.

Alignment with our strategic framework

When Vodacom launched our Vision 2020 strategy in 2017, it was

with the ambition to empower the digital lives of our customers by

connecting everyone to live a better today, and build a better

tomorrow.

Our new strategic objective is to connect for a better future. We aspire

to be a trusted partner to connect for a better future. To deliver on

this objective, we must be passionate about improving the lives of

our customers, colleagues and communities. We are always open to

new things, and curious to create solutions that our customers will

love. It starts with us. No matter where we work in Vodacom we act

as one. Together, we create a place where everyone can truly be

themselves and belong. This is the Spirit of Vodacom. It is who we

are and how we work at Vodacom.

We are committed to maintaining a strong

relationship with our shareholders, built

on trust and a clear understanding of our

remuneration policy and the practices that

have been implemented.

We earn customer loyalty

It starts and ends with the customer. We aspire to be a brand they

love, by earning their trust and providing brilliant experiences. We

work hard to simplify things for them and deliver what our customers

want and need, every day.

Achieving this priority will require us to develop deeper relationships

with our customers. The importance of customer relationships is

reflected in the inclusion of a customer appreciation metric with a

weighting of 25% in our short-term incentive.

Our focus areas for the next financial year will mainly

be to:

• Redesign our Recognition programme;

• New benchmarking framework for Senior Leadership Team (SLT);

• How to recruit and retain ‘new’ skills; and

• Embed the Spirit of Vodacom.

Phuthi Mahanyele-Dabengwa

