Dear shareholders,

We are witnessing unprecedented

times with the world uniting to

overcome challenges posed by

the COVID-19 pandemic. To help

customers in this hour of need,

your Company ensured the 24x7

supply of piped natural gas and

compressed natural gas while

addressing emergencies and

taking the utmost care of its front-

line employees and workmen.

The personality of the erstwhile

Adani Gas Limited was

transformed from 1st January,

2021 to Adani Total Gas Limited

(ATGL), reflecting the ownership

of the promoters, the Adani Group

and TOTAL Group. While the

Adani Group is one of the largest

multi-business conglomerates in

India, TotalEnergies is a French

supermajor that acquired a 37.4%

equity stake in the Company in

February 2020.

I must take this opportunity to

assure our shareholders that

the equity infusion on the one

hand and the transformation

in our name on the other will

not only prove to be business-

strengthening but also brand-

reinforcing. It will reconcile the

entrepreneurial capabilities,

knowledge, networks and

execution capabilities of the

strong promoters around a unified

vision.

We believe that this effective

combination will empower our

Company to capitalise on the

prevailing sectorial inflection and

enhance value for all stakeholders

across the foreseeable future.

Performance redefined

I am pleased to communicate

that despite the onslaught of

the COVID-19 pandemic, ATGL

reported record operational and

financial performance in 2020-21,

the first full year of operations

following TotalEnergies’ equity

infusion. We believe that this is a

creditable performance following

the demand erosion in the first

half of 2020-21. The performance

reflects the spirit of the Company

to persist and prevail through

passionate commitment.

The growth reported by the

Company was also catalysed by

the addition of 102 CNG stations

during the year under review,

taking the total number to a

consolidated 217 CNG stations in

2020-21 (90 in new geographic

areas). The sharp growth in our

CNG population was the result

of a rapid broad-basing of the

eco-system across our allotted

geographic areas in addition

to a prudent mix of co-located

and dealer-owned stations to

accelerate rollout. Besides, the

Company achieved 2.0 MMSCMD

in volumes and crossed ~2,250-

inch km of steel pipe laying.

Despite 77 days of a complete

lockdown and restrictions

imposed by the government

through the course of the year,

the Company reported an overall

volume of 515.13 MMSCM in

2020-21, which was 88.47% of the

volume achieved in the previous

financial year. The CNG volume

of 227.18 MMSCM was 77.90% of

what the Company reported in

2019-20 while PNG sales volume

of 287.95 MMSCM was 99.08% of

the previous year.

In the PNG segment, the Company

increased rollout across domestic

households by 40,939, taking the

Company’s overall customer count

to 0.48 Million. The Company’s

Industrial and Commercial

customer base expanded to 1,666

and 3,300 respectively during the

year under review.

The combination of a broadbased

distribution network, larger

customer base and efficient gas

sourcing translated into a year

of financial outperformance.

Despite a nationwide pandemic

reality, the Company reported

record performances for three

successive quarters (second, third

and fourth quarters of 2020-21):

EBITDA of H218 Crore, H222 Crore

and H224 Crore respectively;

PBT (before exceptional item) of

H192 Crore, H195 Crore and H195

Crore respectively; PAT of H135

Crore, H145 Crore and H195 Crore

respectively.

The accretion of strong quarterly

performances resulted in revenue

from operations of H1,784 Crore

in 2020-21 against H1,991 Crore in

the previous year. The Company’s

EBITDA and PAT of H749 Crore and

H472 Crore respectively for 2020-

21 compared favourably with

H639 Crore and H436 Crore in the

previous financial year.

Safety

If there is one word that is

uppermost in my mind it is ‘safety’.

Safety is not only a priority but a

precondition of business at ATGL.

During the last year, it was

paramount to protect the well-

being of our employees and their

families during the pandemic. As a

going concern, it was necessary to

put our people first and prioritise

their safety over everything else

we did. The Company introduced

practices, processes and protocols

that maximised precautions to

protect against COVID-19. I am

pleased to communicate that

as a result of these initiatives –

work from home being one – the

Company’s principal asset, its

employees, remained safe, secure

and protected. In turn, their

safety translated into unimpaired

business continuity for our

Company.

I am also pleased to communicate

the availability of our services

and systems on a 24x7 basis

across the country at a time

when employees could not attend

offices or installations. The

Company’s complex network was

available to employees at all times;

each employee transformed into a

‘standalone operating office’; the

aggregation of these individual

constituents demonstrated the

spirit of Team ATGL; the team

raised the level of its spirit and

extended piped natural gas

connections to consumers just

when they needed them the

most. The team handled routine

operations and emergencies while

taking comprehensive safety

precautions.

The Company emphasised its

over-arching commitment to

safety through the nature of

its service. Piped natural gas

delivery comprises contactless

gas delivery; during the pandemic,

marked by the critical need for

social distancing, the delivery

network provided just the solution

for the times as it circumvented

the consumer’s compulsion to

Adani Total Gas Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

062

063

Financial Statements

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview:

Dear shareholders,

I am pleased to present the

operational review of your

Company for 2020-21.

Seldom has there been a financial

year with distinctive parts that

were as contrasting as the one we

saw in the last financial year.

The first quarter of the last

financial year proved uncertain

and challenging due to the

enforcement of a countrywide

lockdown following the outbreak

of the pandemic and partial

restrictions thereafter. During this

period, there was no visibility on

the consumption of gas by our

various downstream customers.

However, as the nation opened to

gradual unlocking, your Company

invested in efforts and marketing

interventions to ensure that we

start recovering our volumes.

A time of courage

The Company responded to

this hesitant and tentative

environment with courage,

fortitude and optimism. The

Company kept faith that as

the lockdown restrictions were

partially lifted, demand revival

would begin to kick in. During the

interim, the Company responded

with cost optimisation, optimal

gas sourcing and cost savings

wherever possible. The Company’s

optimism and perseverance were

validated; it reported the highest

quarterly EBITDA in its existence

in the second quarter of the last

financial year and went ahead

to report even better numbers in

the third quarter. The speed with

which the Company rebooted

and rebounded following the

uncertain first quarter of 2020-21

stands as a testimony to the spirit

of the Company to prevail over

adversity.

Balanced mix

The Company responded to the

uncertain business environment

with a combination of CNG

and PNG volumes. Even as the

country’s CNG segment was slow

to recover on account of relatively

low cross-country transportation

mobility, the PNG segment

recovered quicker on account

of the more predictable nature

of gas demand among industrial

and residential consumers. The

combination of these customer

segments helped stabilise the

overall offering of the Company,

protecting it from excessive

volatility.

The result is that during the

year under review, revenue from

operations was 89.63% of the

previous year, declining from

H1,991 Crore to H1,784 Crore.

EBITDA improved 17.14% from

H639 Crore to H749 Crore. PAT

registered a growth of 8.19%

from H436 Crore to H472 Crore.

The Company finished the year

under review with a strong

Balance Sheet and a gearing of

0.25, which provides room for

sustainable expansion.

Maintaining and growing

At ATGL, we are not just attending

to the business of the day; even

as one part of the Company

is addressing business needs

of the moment, another part

of our Company is engaged in

building for the future. This

commitment to achieve best-in-

class profitability while continuing

to invest in network expansion

represents the validation of our

strategic depth.

Our competence in being able to

grow our business at a relatively

low Balance Sheet cost is

partly the result of strong cash

flows and maintaining return

ratios that are now an industry

benchmark. The high payback on

our investments was showcased

by a return on capital employed

of 28% and Return on net worth

of 27% in 2020-21. Besides, the

entire organisation focused on

cost moderation through an

operational excellence framework,

resulting in a low operating

expenditure of H4.30 per SCM.

Our sustained focus on

digitalisation and automation

strengthened service

seamlessness for customers,

which, in turn, enhanced

collection efficiency. I am

pleased to communicate that at

a time when physical distancing

was a priority and contactless

engagement at a premium,

the Company generated more

than 90% receipts through

digitalisation, enhancing safety

for the giver and the recipient.

Optimism

At ATGL, we are optimistic of our

prospects.

The Geographic Areas allotted to

us represent a potent backbone

considering their relative maturity

while still being operationalised;

once mature, these Geographic

areas could generate exponential

growth. A balanced approach

between CNG and PNG will

continue to be key to our success.

At ATGL, our priority will be

to enhance shareholder value

through business growth and

expansion. We believe that

the incorporation of reporting

transparency and best governance

practices shall strengthen our

ability to enhance stakeholder

value.

Outlook

The year 2021-22 is likely to

be challenging due to the

uncertainty created by yet

another pandemic surge.

However, once the vaccine rollout

accelerates and the country

recovers from this setback, we

believe that our Company will face

exciting times.

The Indian government

announced its intention to

increase the natural gas mix

in its energy basket from ~ 6%

to around 15% by 2030 on an

enlarging consumption base.

This indicates that city gas

distribution companies will not

only need to grow to address the

demand of the day but will need

to accelerate even faster to play

catch-up in the face of a widening

market.

The Company’s geographic

areas allotted some years ago

contributed more than 85% of

volumes during the year under

review. The Company will not only

focus on sweating these GAs to

the fullest but also expand into

new allotted geographical areas.

Besides, the current year’s Union

Budget announced that 100 more

areas would be covered by CNG,

which will help build the sectorial

eco-system and graduate CNG

into a preferred intra-state and

inter-state fuel of choice .

Conclusion

At ATGL, we are optimistic that

we will not only navigate the

prevailing challenges but also

generate sustainable growth that

translates into enhanced value for

all stakeholders associated with

our Company.

Parag Parikh

Chief Financial Officer

Adani Total Gas Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

066

067

Financial Statements

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview:

Dear Shareholders

Performance Highlights

Consolidated Financial Results:

The audited consolidated financial statements of

your Company as on 31st March, 2021, prepared in

accordance with the relevant applicable IND AS and

Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI

Listing Regulations”) and provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013, forms part of this Annual Report.

The key aspects of your Company’s consolidated

performance during the financial year 2020-21 are as

follows:

Operational Highlights:

• In 2020-21 your Company has achieved Sales Volume

of 515.13 MMSCM which is @ 88% of 2019-20 Volume

mainly due to nationwide Coivd-19 pandemic impact.

• Your company has achieved the PNG Sales Volume

287.95 MMSCM which @ 99% of 2019-20 Sales

Volume of 290.61 MMSCM.

• Along with its JV, the Company is now operate license

in 38 Geographical Areas.

Financial Highlights:

• 2020-21 Revenue from Operations maintained @

H 1,784 Crores which @ 90% of 2019-20 level of

H 1,991 Crores.

• 2020-21 EBITDA has increased by 17% Y-o-Y to H 749

Crores vs. H 639 Crores in 2019-20.

Standalone Financial Results:

On standalone basis, your Company registered revenue

from operations of H 1,784 Crores and PAT of H 472 Crores.

The

detailed

operational

performance

of

your

Company has been comprehensively discussed in the

Management Discussion and Analysis Report which

forms part of this Report.

Dividend

Your Directors have recommended a dividend of 25%

(H 0.25/- per Equity Share of H 1 each) on the Equity

Shares out of the profits of the Company for the

financial year 2020-21. The said dividend, if approved

by the shareholders, would involve a cash outflow of

H 27.50 Crores.

Your Directors also recommended a dividend of 10%

(H 1/- per Preference Share of H 10 each) on the 10%

Cumulative Redeemable Preference Shares out of

the profits of the Company for the financial year

2020-21. The said dividend, if approved by the

shareholders, would involve a cash outflow of H 0.60

Lakhs including tax thereon.

Covid-19 Pandemic

The Operational Performance of the Company has

sustained well during the financial year and the

Company has been able to attain the Pre-Covid

monthly Sales Volume. The Company has considered

the possible impacts of COVID-19 in preparation of

these financial statements including but not limited to

assessment of going concern assumption, recoverable

values of financial assets and expects to recover the

carrying amount of these assets. The Company has also

considered the economic conditions and the potential

effect to the CGD industry. The Company is continuously

and closely monitoring the developments. The impact

of COVID-19 on the financial statements may differ

from that estimated as at the date of approval of these

financial statements.

Change of Name of the Company

During the year under review, the name of the

Company has been changed from Adani Gas Limited to

“Adani Total Gas Limited” in order to reflect the names

of the both Promoter Groups and a fresh Certificate

of Incorporation was issued by Ministry of Corporate

Affairs on 1st January, 2021.

Fixed Deposits

During the year under review, your Company has not

accepted any fixed deposits within the meaning of

Section 73 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules

made there under.

Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or

Investments

The provisions of Section 186 of the Companies Act,

2013, with respect to a loan, guarantee or security

are not applicable to the Company as the Company is

engaged in providing infrastructural facilities which

is exempted under Section 186 of the Companies Act,

2013. The details of investment made during the year

under review are disclosed in the financial statements.

Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures and Associate

Companies

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 129, 134 and 136

of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules framed

there under and Regulation 33 of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, the Company has prepared consolidated

financial statements of the Company and its joint

venture and a separate statement containing the

salient features of financial statement of subsidiaries,

joint ventures and associates in Form AOC-1 which

forms part of this Annual Report.

The annual financial statements and related detailed

information of the joint venture company shall be made

available to the shareholders of the holding and joint

venture seeking such information on all working days

during business hours. The financial statements of the

joint venture shall also be kept for inspection by any

shareholder/s during working hours at the Company’s

registered office and that of the respective joint venture

concerned. In accordance with Section 136 of the:

letter of even

date which is annexed as ‘Annexure-A’ and forms an

integral part of this report.

Annexure - A to Secretarial Audit Report

To

The Members

Adani Total Gas Limited

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter

1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of

the Company.

4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Date: 04.05.2021

CS Ashwin Shah

Place: Ahmedabad

Company Secretary

UDIN: F001640C000235280

C. P. No. 1640

ii) The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year: (18.00%)

iii) The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company: 425 as on 31st March, 2021.

iv) Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel

in the last financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and

justification thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial

remuneration:

- Average increase in remuneration of employees excluding KMPs: 2.71%

- Average increase in remuneration of KMPs: 15.00%

- KMP salary increases are decided based on the Company’s performance, individual performance, inflation,

prevailing industry trends and benchmarks.

v) Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company:

The Company affirms remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.

i) The ratio of the remuneration of each

Managing Director(s) and Whole-time Director(s)

based on their performance and defined assessment

criteria.

7. To carry out any other function as is mandated by

the Board from time to time and / or enforced by any

statutory notification, amendment or modification,

as may be applicable.

8. To perform such other functions as may be necessary

or appropriate for the performance of its duties.

9. To recommend to the board, all remuneration, in

whatever form, payable to senior management.

Meeting, Attendance & Composition of the Nomination

& Remuneration Committee

During 2020-21, One meeting of the Nomination &

Remuneration Committee was held on 5th August,

2020.

The details of the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee meeting attended by its members during

the 2020-21 are given below:-

The

Quorum

of

the

Committee

is

of

two

members.

The Board of Directors review the Minutes of the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee Meetings at

its subsequent Board Meetings.

Mr. Gunjan Taunk, Company Secretary and Compliance

Officer act as a Secretary of the Committee.

The Chairman of the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee attended the last Annual General Meeting

(AGM) held on 26th June, 2020 to answer the

shareholders’ queries.

Remuneration Policy

The remuneration policy of the Company is directed towards

rewarding performance, based on review of achievements

on a periodic basis. The Company endeavors to attract,

retain, develop and motivate the high-caliber executives

and to incentivise them to develop and implement the

Group’s Strategy, thereby enhancing the business value

and maintain a high performance workforce. The policy

ensures that the level and composition of remuneration

of the Directors is optimum.

i) Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors

The remuneration by way of commission to the non-

executive directors is decided by the Board of Directors

and paid to them based on their participation and

contribution in the affairs of the Company as well

as the valuable time spent on Company’s matters.

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on 22nd

October, 2018 approved the payment of remuneration

by way of commission to the Non-Executive directors

other than promoter directors of the Company and

the Members at the Annual General Meeting held on

The details of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee meetings attended by its members during the 2020-21

are given below:

Sr.

No

Name

Designation(s)

Category

Number of meetings held during 2020-21

Held during the tenure

Attended

1.

Mr. Maheswar Sahu

Chairman

Non-Executive &

Independent

1

1

2.

Mr. Naresh Kumar

Nayyar

Member

Non-Executive &

Independent

1

1

3.

Mrs. Chandra Iyengar

Member

Non-Executive &

Independent

1

1

4.

Mr. Pranav V. Adani

Member

Non-Executive

Promoter

1

1

5.

Mr. Alexis

Thelemaque1

Member

Non-Executive &

Non-Independent

1

1

6.

Mr. Jose-Ignacio

Sanz Saiz2

Member

Non-Executive &

Non-Independent

NA

NA

1. Ceased as a Member of the Nomination Remuneration Committee w.e.f. 3rd November, 2020.

2. Appointed as a Members of the Nomination Remuneration Committee w.e.f. 3rd November, 2020.

6th August, 2019 approved, of a sum not exceeding

1% per annum of the net profits of the Company,

calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Act

for a period of 5 years commencing 22nd October, 2018.

In addition to commission, Non-Executive Directors

are paid H 50,000/- as sitting fees for attending

meeting of Board of Directors & Audit Committee and

H 25,000/- for attending meeting of Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee, Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee, Nomination & Remuneration Committee,

Risk Management Committee and other Committee

& actual reimbursement of expenses incurred for

attending each meeting of the Board and Committee.

The Company has also taken a Directors’ & Officers’

Liability Insurance Policy.

The Executive and Promoter Group Directors are not

being paid sitting fees for attending meetings of the

Board of Directors and its committees. Other than

sitting fees and commission paid to Non-Executive

Directors, there were no pecuniary relationships

or transactions by the Company with any of the

Non-Executive and Independent Directors of the

Company. The Company has not granted stock options

to Non-Executive and Independent Directors.

During the period under review, no remuneration was

paid to Mr. Gautam S. Adani, Mr. Pranav V. Adani,

Mr. Alexis Thelemaque and Mr. Jose-Ignacio Sanz Saiz

as Directors of the Company.

Performance Evaluation Criteria for Independent

Directors:

The performance evaluation criteria for independent

directors is determined by the Nomination and

Remuneration committee. An indicative list of factors

that may be evaluated include participation and

contribution by a director, commitment, effective

deployment of knowledge and expertise, effective

management of relationship with stakeholders, integrity

and maintenance of confidentiality and independence

of behavior and judgement.

ii) Remuneration to Executive Directors.

The remuneration of the Executive Directors is duly

approved by the Board of Directors based on criteria such

as industry benchmarks, the Company’s performance

vis-à-vis the industry, responsibilities shouldered,

performance/track record, macro-economic review on

remuneration packages of heads of other organisations

and is decided by the Board of Directors.

The Company pays remuneration by way of salary,

perquisites

and

allowances

(fixed

component),

incentive remuneration and/or commission (variable

components) to its Executive Directors within the

limits prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and

approved by the shareholders.

However, Company does not have any Managing

Director / Whole-time Director on its Board. Accordingly,

payment of remuneration doesn’t arise.

There is no separate provision for payment of severance

fees under the resolutions governing the appointment

of Executive Chairman,: Managing

letter. The Company is of the opinion that, as remaining amount is not

clear and ascertainable and is beyond the terms of allotment letters, hence not provided in the books.

l) OMCs namely IOCL, HPCL and BPCL vide letters dated 26th October, 2020, 20th November, 2020, 15th

December, 2020, 16th December, 2020 and 15th March, 2021 have communicated their proposal on the

revision of trade discount they wish to make applicable to various geographies of the Company as per

the recommendation of the aforesaid study they had undertaken through a third party. The Company had

suitably taken up with the OMCs and replied vide letters dated 25th February, 2021 and 05th March, 2021,

that any revision in the trade discount must be mutually discussed and agreed between OMCs and the

Company. The issue is pending further discussions with the OMCs. As the issue is applicable to the CGD

entities at large, the Company is hopeful of arriving at amicable resolution of the subject issue and as such

the quantification of any additional liability is not ascertainable at this stage.

(H in Crores)

Particulars

As at

31st March, 2021

As at

31st March, 2020

(ii) Commitments :

-

a) Estimated amount of contract on capital account to be

executed and note provided for (net of advance)

631.24

337.12

b) Corporate Guarantee on behalf of JV Company

3,533.46

3,533.46

Total

4,164.70

3,870.58

Notes:

a) Interest on the above contingencies is not included in the above amounts wherever not ascertainable.

b) Management is not expecting any future cash outflow with respect to above litigations.

36 Exceptional Items

(H in Crores)

For the year ended

31st March, 2021

For the year ended

31st March, 2020

Service Tax liability on gas connection income (refer note - a)

9.99

-

Project Write Off (refer note- b)

4.48

-

Total

14.47

-

Notes:

a) During the year, the Company received an order dated 28th August, 2020 from the Hon’ble Supreme Court of

India with respect to Service Tax liability on gas connection income pertaining to FY 2008-09. Pursuant to the

order, the Company has recognised and paid H9.99 Crores towards Service Tax Liability including interest and

penalty thereon.

b) The Company has written off H4.48 Crore towards expenditure incurred for a GA that was bid by the Company,

pursuant to the order received for withdrawal of contempt petition from Hon’ble Supreme Court.

37 Income Tax

a.

The major components of income tax expense for the years ended 31st March, 2021 and 31st March, 2020 are:

(H in Crores)

Income Tax Expense :

For the year ended

31st March, 2021

For the year ended

31st March, 2020

Current Tax

Current Income Tax Charge

139.09

122.54

Total (a)

139.09

122.54

Deferred Tax

In respect of current year origination and reversal of temporary

differences

20.17

(11.38)

Total (b)

20.17

(11.38)

Total (a+b)

159.26

111.16

b. Reconciliation of Income Tax Expense with Accounting Profit

(H in Crores)

For the year ended

31st March, 2021

For the year ended

31st March, 2020

Profit before Tax as per statement of Profit and Loss

631.21

547.40

Tax at companies domestic tax rate

158.86

137.77

Tax Effect of :

Expenses not deductible for tax purposes

2.69

2.17

Change in Tax Rate

-

(28.54)

Adjustment of earlier years

0.55

1.42

Others

(2.85)

(1.67)

Income Tax recognised in statement of profit and loss

account at effective rate

159.26

111.16

Notes to financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2021

Notes to financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2021:

letter. The Group is of the opinion that, as remaining amount is not

clear and ascertainable and is beyond the terms of allotment letters, hence not provided in the books.

l) OMCs namely IOCL, HPCL and BPCL vide letters dated 26th October, 2020, 20th November, 2020, 15th

December, 2020, 16th December, 2020 and 15th March, 2021 have communicated their proposal on the

revision of trade discount they wish to make applicable to various geographies of the Group as per the

recommendation of the aforesaid study they had undertaken through a third party. The Group had suitably

taken up with the OMCs and replied vide letters dated 25th February, 2021 and 05th March, 2021, that any

revision in the trade discount must be mutually discussed and agreed between OMCs and the Company.

The issue is pending further discussions with the OMCs. As the issue is applicable to the CGD entities

at large, the Company is hopeful of arriving at amicable resolution of the subject issue and as such the

quantification of any additional liability is not ascertainable at this stage.

(H in Crores)

Particulars

As at

31st March, 2021

As at

31st March, 2020

(ii) Commitments :

-

a) Estimated amount of contract on capital account to

be executed and note provided for (net of advance)

631.24

337.12

b) Corporate Guarantee on behalf of JV Company

3,533.46

3,533.46

Total

4,164.70

3,870.58

Notes:

a) Interest on the above contingencies is not included in the above amounts wherever not ascertainable.

b) Management is not expecting any future cash outflow with respect to above litigations.

Notes to Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2021

Notes to Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2021

Adani Total Gas Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

280

281

Financial Statements

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview:

Letter etc.

with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorised signatory(ies) who are authorised to

vote, to the Scrutiniser by e-mail to ravi@ravics.

com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

x. In case of any queries, you may refer the

Frequently

Asked

Questions

(FAQs)

for

Shareholders and e-voting user manual for

Shareholders available at the download section

of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.:

1800-1020-990 or send a request at evoting@

nsdl.co.in.

15. Process for those shareholders whose email ids are

not registered with the depositories for procuring

user id and password and registration of e-mail ids

for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:

Adani Total Gas Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

304

305

Notice:

Managing Director of the G&P affiliate TOTAL

LNG USA in Houston and of the TOTAL E&P affiliates in

Bolivia, United States and Australia.

Brief resume and other details of Mr. José-Ignacio Sanz

Saiz are provided in annexure to the Notice pursuant to

the provision of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulation,

2015

and

Secretarial

Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”), issued by the

Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

Mr. José-Ignacio Sanz Saiz is not disqualified from

being appointed as Director in terms of Section 164 of

the Act and has given his consent to act as Director.

The Board of Directors recommends the said resolution

for your approval.

Mr. José-Ignacio Sanz Saiz is deemed to be interested

in the said resolution as it relates to his appointment.

None of the other Directors or key managerial personnel

or their relatives is, in anyway, concerned or interested

in the said resolution.

For Item No. 6:

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on

5th August, 2020 had appointed Ms. Gauri Trivedi as an

Additional Director (Non-Executive, Independent) of

the Company. According to the provisions of Section

161 of the Companies Act 2013, she holds office as

Director only up to the date of the ensuing Annual

General Meeting. As required under Section 160 of

the Companies Act, 2013, a notice has been received

from a member signifying its intention to propose the

appointment of Ms. Gauri Trivedi as a Director.

Ms. Gauri Trivedi have given declaration to the Board

that she meets the criteria of independence as provided

under Section 149(6) of the Act. In the opinion of the

Board, she fulfils the conditions specified in the Act

read with the rules made thereunder for appointment

as Independent Director and she is independent of the

management.

Ms. Gauri Trivedi is not disqualified from being

appointed as Director in terms of Section 164 of the

Act and has given her consent to act as Director.

In compliance with the provisions of Section 149

read with Schedule IV of the Act, the appointment of

Ms. Gauri Trivedi as an Independent Director is now

being placed before the Members for their approval.

The terms and conditions for appointment of Ms. Gauri

Trivedi as an Independent Director of the Company

shall be open for inspection by the members at the

Registered Office of the Company during normal

business hours on any working day.

Brief resume and other details of Ms. Gauri Trivedi are

provided in annexure to the Notice pursuant to the

provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulation,

2015

and

Secretarial

Standards on General Meetings (“SS-2”), issued by the

Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

The Board of Directors recommends the said resolution

for your approval.

Ms. Gauri Trivedi is deemed to be interested in the

respective resolutions as it relates to her appointment.

None of the other Directors or key managerial personnel

or their relatives is, in anyway, concerned or interested

in the said resolution.

For Item No. 7:

The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit

Committee, has approved the appointment and

remuneration of M/s. N D Birla & Co., Practising Cost

Accountants as the cost auditors of the Company to

conduct the audit of the cost records for maintaining

Petroleum Product of the Company for the financial

year 2021-22, at a fee of H 1,35,000/- plus applicable

taxes and reimbursement of out of pocket expenses, as

remuneration for cost audit services for the 2021-22.

In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit

and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to

the Cost Auditors has to be ratified by the shareholders

of the Company.

Adani Total Gas Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

306

307

Notice:

Managing Director

(HESCOM), a power

distribution company,: Managing Director

(Karnataka State

Food & Civil Supplies

Corporation), Secretary

to Government, Revenue

Department, Govt. of

Karnataka and Secretary

to the Governor of

Karnataka.

Adani Total

Gas Limited^^

Adani Power

Limited^^

Denis Chem

Lab Limited^^

The Sandesh

Limited^^

Udupi Power

Corporation

Limited

Bajaj Energy

Limited

Adani Total Gas Limited

• Audit Committee

(Member)

• Risk Management

Committee (Member)

Adani Power Limited

• Stakeholders

Relationship

Committee

(

