Managing Director and Head of Global Banking

and Markets at HSBC India and Vice Chairman of HSBC Securities and

Capital Markets Private Limited. He has a Master’s degree in Business

Administration in Finance from the Wharton School of the University of

Pennsylvania. He is also a Chartered Accountant.

Mr. Rahul D. Asthana is a retired IAS officer from the 1978 batch. He

was appointed as an Additional Independent Director on the board of

the Investment Manager on December 26, 2017 and has been serving

as an Independent Director since September 28, 2018. Currently, he

also serves as a non-executive director on the board of Aegis Logistics

Limited, and NBS International Limited. He is also a director on the

board of directors of Mahindra Waste to Energy Solutions Limited and

Mahindra Integrated Business Solutions Private Limited. Previously, he

has served as the Metropolitan Commissioner of Mumbai, Metropolitan

Region Development Authority, Chairman of Mumbai Port Trust and

CEO of Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport. He has also

served as the Principal Secretary, Energy Department of Government of

Maharashtra and was responsible for formulating the renewable energy

policy for the State of Maharashtra. He holds a master’s degree in

business administration in international business from ICPE University of

Ljubljana, Slovenia and a bachelor’s degree in technology (aeronautical)

from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur.

Mr. Ashok Sethi has over four decades of experience in the power

sector with significant knowledge in project execution, operations,

commercial, regulatory, advocacy and policy making. He was

appointed as an Independent Director on the board of the Investment

Manager on October 20, 2020. A B.Tech from IIT Kharagpur, he also

did advance management at Ashridge, UK. He currently serves as

Non-Executive Chairman of Tata Consulting Engineers Limited. In his

last executive role, he served as Chief Operating Officer and Executive

Director of Tata Power (2014 to 2019). He was also the chairman of

various subsidiary companies of Tata Power. He holds a bachelor’s

degree of technology in Metallurgical Engineering from the Indian

Institute of Engineering at Kharagpur. He was awarded CBIP Award

2019 for ‘Excellent Contribution in Power Sector and is also a Member

of the Institute of Directors.

MR. TARUN KATARIA

Independent Director

MR. RAHUl ASTHANA

Independent Director

MR. ASHOK SeTHI

Independent Director

34

Annual

Report 2020-21:

letter of intent dated

September 8, 2013 for a 35-year period from the scheduled

commercial operation date on a BOOM basis. We acquired

PTCL from Techno Electric in 2018.

PTCL plays a key role in strengthening the power

transmission system in Punjab by meeting the requirement

of growing load in Patiala and Sangrur district of Punjab. The

project comprises of 400/220 kV substation having 1,000

MVA transformation capacity with 14 bays in Patran, Punjab

and LILO of both circuits of Patiala-Kaithal 400 kV double

circuit triple snow bird Line of 5 km at Patran.

Details of PTCl elements

Transmission Line/Substation

Route Length

(cKms)

Specifications

Actual Commission Date

Expiry Term of Initial TSA

Patiala-Kaithal LILO

-

Loop in loop out of both circuits

of 400 kV D/C line at Patran

November 12, 2016

November 2051

Patran Substation

223

2X500 MVA, 400/220 kV

Substation with 6 nos. 400 kV

Bays and 8 nos. 400 kV Bays

November 12, 2016

November 2051

As on March 31, 2021, the PTCL TSA has a remaining term of ~ 30 years.

Current Status

Annual Availability

100.0%

FY17

99.9%

FY18

99.7%

FY19

100.0%

FY20

99.85%

FY21

48

Annual

Report 2020-21:

letter/letters of

internal control weaknesses issued by the

statutory auditors; and

24. Formulating any policy for the Investment Manager

as necessary, in relation to its functions, as

specified above.:

letter of credit, guarantee,

performance bond, corporate guarantee,

bank guarantees provided by any party

to the project document;

c)

All

insurances

proceeds

(debenture

trustee to be the loss payee in the

insurance policy).

(iii) A First charge on: letter of credit, Escrow

account,

debt

service

reserve

account

and other reserve and any other bank

account of the issuer wherever maintained,

present and future.

(iv) First charge on all book debts, operating cash

flow, receivables, commissions, revenues of

whatsoever nature and wherever arising, of

BDTCL, present and future.

(v)

Pledge of 51% of the equity share capital of

the BDTCL.

(F) Term loans from bank and financial institutions:

Foreign currency loan from financial institution

carries interest at the rate of 6m LIBOR + 2.10%

to 3.80% spread. BDTCL has taken currency and

interest rate swap to hedge 6m LIBOR to fixed

rate. Amount of USD 15.62 million being 35% of

the total loan amount shall be repayable as a bullet

repayment in accordance with the repayment

schedule such that average tenor of the facility

shall be more than 8.51 years. Remaining amount

181

Corporate Overview

Introduction

Management Reports

Financial Statements

letter of credit, guarantee including

contract guarantees and liquidated damages,

consent agreements, side letters and performance

bond provided by any party to the project

document; all rights, title, interest, benefits, claims

and demands whatsoever of the borrower in, to

and under all insurance contracts and insurance

proceeds pertaining to the project. Loans are also

secured by non disposable undertaking from India

Grid Trust directly/indirectly to hold at least 51%

of equity share capital till final settlement date.

Upon occurrence of event of default the negative

lien shall be converted in pledge of 51% of the

equity share capital of BDTCL.

Odisha Generation Phase-II Transmission Limited

(G) Term loan from bank:

Odisha Generation Phase-II Transmission Limited

has taken Indian rupee term loan from bank.

The interest rate is aligned with the bank’s 3 year

MCLR plus five basis points. 73% of the total amount

is repayable in 46 structured quarterly instalments

in accordance with amortisation schedule balance

27% is repayable as a bullet repayment as a last

instalment. The Loan together with interest, fees,

commission and other monies payable to the bank

are secured by:

(i)

A first charge on all the borrower’s tangible

moveable assets and all other movable assets

and current and non-current assets, both

present and future.

(ii)

A first charge over all the accounts of the

borrower and receivables

(iii) A first charge on all intangible assets of The

Borrower including but not limited to goodwill,

rights and undertakings and intellectual

property rights and uncalled capital, book

debts, current assets, operating cash flows,

commissions, revenues of whatsoever nature,

both present and future.

(iv) A first charge on all immovable assets of the

Borrower, present and future.

(v)

Pledge of equity shares representing at least

51% of the equity share capital (if Axis bank is

sole lender, shares pledged shall be restricted

to 30% and balance 21% shall be under a

non-disposal undertaking).

Gurgaon-Palwal Transmission Limited

(H) Term loan from bank:

Indian rupee term loan from bank and financial

Institutions carries interest at the rate of 10.65% p.a

to 12.25%. 60% of total loan amount is repayable in

46 structured quarterly instalments post one year

moratorium period in accordance with amortisation

schedule. Balance 40% of the total loan amount

shall be repayable as a bullet repayment as a last

instalment. The loan is secured by first charge on

all the immovable assets pertaining to the project,

tangible movable assets, current assets, all the

accounts and intangible assets both present and

future. Loans are also secured by assignment by

way of security of all the right, title, interest benefits,

claims and demands whatsoever of the Company

in the project documents, duly acknowledged and

consented to by the relevant counter parties to

such project documents, all as amended, varied

or supplemented from time to time; all rights,

title, interest and benefits of the Company in to

and under all clearances pertaining to the project

(including transmission license) to the extent same

are assignable; all rights, title, interest, benefits,

claims and demands whatsoever of the Company

in any: letter of credit, guarantee including contract

guarantees and liquidated damages, consent

agreements, side letters and performance bond

provided by any party to the project document; all

rights, title, interest, benefits, claims and demands

182

Annual

Report 2020-21

letter of

credit, performance bond, indemnities etc.

f)

Pledge of promoter’s Equity (India Grid Trust)

Interest representing at least 51% of the

project Equity Capital,

g)

First pari-passu charge on all Insurance

Contracts and Insurance Proceeds.

j)

The loan shall be repaid in 168 monthly

instalment starting from October 30, 2016.

NER II Transmission Limited

(J)

Term loan from bank:

Indian rupee term loan from banks of Rs.630.43

million (31 March 2020: Nil) and from financial

institutions of Rs.13,983.47 million (31 March 2020:

Rs. 13,077.50 million) carries interest at the rate of

10.50%- 12.65% p.a payable monthly (linked to the

Lead Lenders Benchmark Rate with Spread).Total

loan amount is repayable in 47 structured quarterly

instalments post 6 months moratorium period in

accordance with amortisation schedule (tenure of

15 year). The loan is secured by first charge on

all the immovable assets pertaining to the project,

tangible movable assets, current assets, all the

accounts and intangible assets both present and

future. Loans are also secured by assignment by

way of security of all the right, title, interest benefits,

claims and demands whatsoever of the Company

in the project documents, duly acknowledged and

consented to by the relevant counter parties to

such project documents, all as amended, varied

or supplemented from time to time; all rights,

title, interest and benefits of the Company in to

and under all clearances pertaining to the project

(including transmission license) to the extent same

are assignable; all rights, title, interest, benefits,

claims and demands whatsoever of the Company

in any: letter of credit, guarantee including contract

guarantees and liquidated damages, consent

agreements, side letters and performance bond

provided by any party to the project document; all

rights, title, interest, benefits, claims and demands

whatsoever of the borrower in, to and under all

insurance contracts and insurance proceeds

pertaining to the project. Loans are also secured by

non disposable undertaking from sponsor directly/

indirectly to hold at least 51% of equity share capital

till final settlement date. Upon occurrence of event

of default the negative lien shall be converted

in pledge of 51% of the equity share capital

of the Company.

Financial covenants

Loans from bank, financial institution and non

convertible debentures raised contain certain debt

covenants relating to limitation on interest service

coverage ratio, debt service coverage ratio, total

debt gearing, maintenance of specified security

margin etc. The financial covenants are reviewed

on availability of audited accounts of the respective

borrower periodically. For the financial year ended

March 31, 2021, the Group has satisfied all debt

covenants prescribed in the terms of loan from

bank and financial institutions, where applicable.

183

Corporate Overview

Introduction

Management Reports

Financial Statements

Letter of

Offer) on a rights basis in the ratio of one lot for every

five lots (each lot comprising 1,701 units) held by them

on the record date, being 30 March 2021 (the “Issue”)

in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Infrastructure Investment Trust) Regulations,

2014 including the rules, circulars and guidelines issued

thereunder, including the SEBI Rights Issue Guidelines

(the “InvIT Regulations”). The issue opened on 06

April 2021 and closed on 13 April 2021.

3.

The Group has filed a Draft Shelf Prospectus (“DSP”)

on 08 April 2021 for the public issue by the India Grid

Trust (the “Trust”) of secured, rated, listed, redeemable

non-convertible debt securities of face value of ` 1,000

each (“NCDs”) for an amount aggregating upto ` 1,000

crore (the “Shelf Limit”). The issue is being made pursuant

to the provisions of the “Guidelines for Issuance of

Debt Securities by Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

and Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs)” dated 13

April 2018 issued by the Securities and Exchange Board

of India read with the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations,

2008, together with any amendments, circulars

and guidelines issued thereunder (the “SEBI ILDS

Regulations”) and the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Infrastructure Investment Trusts) Regulations,

2014, together with any amendments, circulars and

guidelines issued thereunder (the “InvIT Regulations”).

The issue opened on 28 April 2021 and closed on

30 April 2021.

Note 43: Impact of COVID-19

During the year, the outbreak of the coronavirus disease of

2019 (‘COVID-19’) spread throughout the world and became

a global pandemic. The pandemic triggered a significant

downturn globally, including in India. The pandemic curve in

India was declining towards the end of 2020 but has resurged

again from March 2021.

The management has assessed impact on business and

financial risks on account of COVID-19 on the financial

information of the Group. The subsidiaries of the Group,

which are engaged in operation and maintenance of power

transmission lines and substations (‘power transmission

infrastructure’) are governed by Section 63 of The Electricity

Act 2003 where in as per the transmission Service Agreements

(‘TSAs’) tariff revenue is accrued based on availability of

power transmission infrastructure. Further, the Government

of India has declared power transmission as an essential

service therefore the Group is able to ensure availability of

power transmission infrastructure and carry out maintenance

activities during the lock down period.

The management believes that as the tariff revenues are

linked to availability, irrespective of the quantum of power

transmitted through the power transmission infrastructure and

considering the Point of Connection (‘PoC’) mechanism the

risk of non-collection of transmission charges receivables as

of 31 March 2021 is minimum. Further, the management does

not see any risks in the Group’s ability to continue as a going

concern and meeting its liabilities as and when they fall due.

The management will continue to monitor and assess impact

of economic conditions arising due to COVID 19. The impact

of COVID 19 may differ from that expected at the date of

approval of these consolidated financial statements.

As per our report of even date

For S R B C & CO LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

Indigrid Investment Managers Limited (formerly Sterlite Investment Managers Limited)

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No. 324982E/E300003

(as Investment Manager of India Grid Trust)

per Huzefa Ginwala

Harsh Shah

Swapnil Patil

Jyoti Kumar Agarwal

Partner

CEO & Whole-time Director

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Membership Number : 111757

DIN: 02496122

Membership Number : 24861

Place : Pune

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Date : 27 May 2021

Date : 27 May 2021

Date : 27 May 2021

Date : 27 May 2021

215

Corporate Overview

Introduction

Management Reports

Financial Statements:

Letter of

Offer) on a rights basis in the ratio of one lot for every

five lots (each lot comprising 1,701 units) held by them

on the record date, being 30 March 2021 (the “Issue”)

in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Infrastructure Investment Trust) Regulations,

2014 including the rules, circulars and guidelines issued

thereunder, including the SEBI Rights Issue Guidelines

(the “InvIT Regulations”). The issue opened on 06

April 2021 and closed on 13 April 2021.

3.

The Trust has filed a Draft Shelf Prospectus (“DSP”)

on 08 April 2021 for the public issue by the India Grid

Trust (the “Trust”) of secured, rated, listed, redeemable

non-convertible debt securities of face value of

Rs. 1,000 each (“NCDs”) for an amount aggregating upto

Rs. 1,000 crore (the “Shelf Limit”). The issue is being

made pursuant to the provisions of the “Guidelines for

Issuance of Debt Securities by Real Estate Investment

Trusts (REITs) and Infrastructure Investment Trusts

(InvITs)” dated 13 April 2018 issued by the Securities

and Exchange Board of India read with the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of

Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008, together with

260

Annual

Report 2020-21:

