letter

dated May 17, 2021 and as recommended by the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee and

Board of Directors in their meetings;

RESOLVED

FURTHER

THAT

the

Company

Secretary and Compliance Officer of the

Company, be and is hereby authorized to do

all the acts and take all such steps as may be

necessary to give effect to the above resolution.

9.

Appointment

of

Mr.

Baldev

Singh

(DIN:

03577274) as Non-Executive Director.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or

without modification (s), the following resolution

as Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions

of Sections 152, 160 and any other applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”)

and rules made thereunder (including and

statutory

modification(s)

or

re-enactment

thereof for the time being in force), applicable

provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations &

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

and Articles of Association of the Company,

Mr. Baldev Singh (DIN: 03577274), who was

appointed as an Additional Director (Non-

Executive) of the Company, by the Board of

Directors with effect from April 28, 2021 and who

holds the said office in terms of Section 161 of

the Companies Act, 2013 up to the date of this

Annual General Meeting and in respect of whom

the Company has received a notice in writing

from a member proposing his candidature for

the office of Director and as recommended by

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

and Board of Directors in their meetings, be and

is hereby appointed as a Non-Executive Director

of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation;

RESOLVED

FURTHER

THAT

the

Company

Secretary and Compliance Officer of the

Company, be and is hereby authorized to do

all the acts and take all such steps as may be

necessary to give effect to the above resolution.”

10. To pay Commission to Independent Directors.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or

without modification (s), the following resolution

as Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions

of Section 197, 198 and all other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013

(“hereinafter referred to as the “Act”), Articles

of Association of the Company, as amended

from time to time, and such other statutory

approvals as may be necessary, approval of the

Members be and is hereby accorded for payment:

letter

etc. with attested specimen signature of

the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are

authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to

ucshukla@rediffmail.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login

to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available

on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-voting user manual for Shareholders available

at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.

com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and

1800 22 44 30 or send a request to Ms. Soni

Singh at evoting@nsdl.co.in:

letter

etc. with attested specimen signature of

the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are

authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to

ucshukla@rediffmail.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

Any person holding shares in physical form

and non-individual shareholders, who acquires

shares of the Company and becomes member

of the Company after the notice is send through

e-mail and holding shares as of the record

date i.e. September 20, 2021, may obtain the

login ID and password by sending a request at

evoting@nsdl.co.in or Company/RTA. However,

if you are already registered with NSDL for

remote e-voting, then you can use your existing

user ID and password for casting your vote.

If you forgot your password, you can reset

your password by using “Forgot User Details/

Password” or “Physical User Reset Password”

option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com or

call on toll free no. 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22

44 30 . In case of Individual Shareholders holding

securities in demat mode who acquires shares

of the Company and becomes a Member of the

Company after sending of the Notice and holding

shares as of the record date i.e. September 20,

2021 may follow steps mentioned in the Notice

of the AGM under “Access to NSDL e-Voting

system”.

3.

Frequently

Asked

Questions

(FAQs)

for

Shareholders and e-voting user manual for

Shareholders available at the download section

of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.:

1800 1020 990 /1800 224 430 or send a request

at evoting@nsdl.co.in.:

Managing Director

and Mr. Sanjay Shende, Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjay Shende, Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

and Mr. Sanjay Shende, Deputy: Managing

Managing Director of City &

Industrial Development Corp. of Maharashtra Ltd.

(CIDCO). He has worked as Chairman of JNPT and

Joint: Managing Director of CIDCO.

Prior to taking over the charge of Additional Chief

Secretary, Government of Maharashtra, he has held

the posts of Principal Secretary of Public Health,

Revenue, Forest and Rural Development departments.

He was also the CEO of Zilla Parishad, Nagpur and

District Collector & Magistrate, Latur and Nasik,

Maharashtra.

Mr. Syed S. Hussain was awarded with “Business

Leader of the year - Ports” award at Leadership &

Excellence Awards Shipping, Marine & Ports 2010

and also bestowed with “Maritime Gateway - Major

Port of the year” Award consecutively for two years

during his tenure as

Managing Director as received

from GAIL are as follows:

a) Pay Scale: `1,20,000/- to 2,80,000/- (E-8 Grade)

Sl.

No.

Components

Amount (`)

1

Basic Pay per month

2,17,440.00

2

Variable

DA

(18.4%

w.e.f.

01.04.2020) per month

40,008.96

3

Perquisites and allowances (LTC,

Holiday Home, CEA, Transport

allowance for performing official

work at residence, house upkeep

allowance, Transport Allowance,

Fitness

allowance

etc.)

under

“Cafeteria approach” limited @ 35%

of Basic Pay per month

76,104.00

4

Secondment allowance per month

8,000.00

5

HRA @ 24% of Basic Pay per month

52,185.60

b) Variable DA: VDA shown is subject to change

every quarter. Annual increment @ 3% for Basic

Pay. On reaching the maximum of the Pay

scale, maximum 03 stagnation increments are

admissible, one after every two years, provided

the performance rating of the executive is “Good”

or above.

c) Housing:

HRA

or

Company

owned

accommodation at AGVC, New Delhi, and

maintaining own accommodation at Hyderabad

i.e. at his previous place of posting.

d) Company

Car

and

Telephone:

Necessary

provision for transport and telephone may

be made by MGL or vehicle/ conveyance

maintenance charge @ 17,887/- (revised w.e.f.

01.04.2021) is to be reimbursed monthly (at the

rate notified by GAIL on half yearly basis) along

with wages of Driver @ `23,540/- p.m.

e) Other Benefits outside “Cafeteria Approach”:

Shri Shende is entitled to reimbursement of cost

of Spectacles and Medical Reimbursement for

self and Dependent Family members, Brief case,

Newspaper reimbursement, Leave Encashment

etc. as per GAIL Rules which will be borne by

Mahanagar Gas Limited. In addition to above,

he is entitled for incentive under performance

related pay (PRP) as per GAIL Rules.

f)

Superannuation

Benefits:

Superannuation

benefits are extended to Shri Shende within the

ceiling of 30% of Basic Pay & VDA comprising of

Provident Fund (PF), Gratuity, Post-Retirement

Medical Scheme (PRMS) and Pension.

g) The terms and conditions pertaining to the

appointment of Mr. Sanjay Shende and payment

of remuneration shall vary as per conditions of

his employment with GAIL.

h) Mr. Sanjay Shende would be provided with Mobile

and internet expenses etc., on actual basis and all

the necessary office equipment such as laptop,

IPAD/ TAB with sim card, mobile phone with sim

card, data card etc. with similar entitlement as:

Managing Director of

the Company.

Mr. Sanjay Shende satisfies all the conditions as set

out in Section 196 (3) of the Act and Part-I of Schedule

V to the Act, for being eligible for his appointment.

It is proposed to seek the Member’s approval for the

appointment of and remuneration payable to Mr.

Sanjay Shende as Whole-Time Director, designated as

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director of City &

Industrial Development Corp.

of Maharashtra Ltd. (CIDCO).

He has worked as Chairman

of JNPT and Joint Managing

Director of CIDCO.

Mr. Sanjay Shende has a

rich, illustrious career in B2B

sales, exports, and marketing

spanning almost three decades.

He

started

his

career

in

GAIL

at

the

petrochemical

complex at Pata, UP during

the

commissioning

phase

to

establish

the

logistics/

supply

chain

for

polymer.

Subsequently,

from

2000

onwards, he Joined Mumbai

Zonal

office

looking

after

polymer sales in Maharashtra

and Goa turning this region into

one of the top three sales zones

for GAIL. He was instrumental

in starting Deemed export of

polymers in GAIL. Also, during

the construction phase of Dahej

Uran Dabhol Pipeline, taking

lead position, started inhouse

compounding for three layer PE

coating using GAIL’ HDPE for

coating the line pipes.

Mr. Baldev Harpal Singh, an

Indian Administrative Services

(IAS) officer of the 1989 batch

belonging to the Maharashtra

cadre has Graduated in Bachelor

of Arts (Economics); Masters in

Business Administration with

specialization in Finance and

Marketing; Short term training

courses

from

International

Institute of Social Studies (ISS),

Netherland

in

Governance,

Democratization

&

Public

Policy and from Berkeley (UCB),

California, in Domestic Funding

of Foreign Training (DFFT).

Annexure-I:

letter of offer subject to the following conditions, namely:

(i) the offer shall be made by notice specifying the number of

Shares offered and limiting a time not being less than fifteen

days and not exceeding thirty days from the date of the offer

within which the offer, if not accepted, shall be deemed to

have been declined;

(ii) the offer aforesaid shall be deemed to include a right

exercisable by the person concerned to renounce the Shares

offered to him or any of them in favour of any other person;

and the notice referred to in clause (i) above shall contain a

statement of this right;

(iii) after the expiry of the time specified in the notice aforesaid,

or on receipt of earlier intimation from the person to whom

such notice is given that he declines to accept the Shares

offered, the Board of Directors may dispose of them in such

manner which is not disadvantageous to the shareholders

and the Company;

(b) to employees under a scheme of employees’ stock option,

subject to special resolution passed by Company and subject to

such conditions as may be prescribed by the rules framed under

the Act; or:

Managing Director”

34.**+

Subject to Article 31.1, where GAIL has the right to appoint more than

two (2) directors, GAIL shall nominate the Chairman of the Company

and additionally, it shall nominate one of its nominee directors as

the: Managing Director and one as Deputy Managing Director of the

Company, both of whom shall serve on a full time non-retiring basis.

If GAIL has the right to appoint only two (2) Director(s) (owing to

its reduced shareholding in the Company) GAIL shall nominate the

Managing Director and the Board.

XXII. SECRECY

“Secrecy Clause”

61.**+

Every manager, auditor, trustee, member of a committee, officer,

servant, agent, accountant or other person employed in the

business of the Company shall, if so required by the Board of

Directors, before entering upon the duties, sign a declaration

pledging himself to observe strict secrecy respecting all bona fide

transactions of the Company with its customers and the state of

accounts with individuals and in matter relating thereto and shall

by such declaration pledge himself not to reveal any of the matters

which may come to his knowledge in the discharge of his duties

except when required to do so by the Directors or by any General

Meeting or by the law of the country and except so far as may be

necessary in order to comply with any of the provisions in these

presents and the provisions of the Act.:

managing director, officer of which

judgement is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in

connection with any application under Section 463 of the Act in

which relief is granted to him by the Court. Nothing herein contained

shall apply to the constituted attorney of the Company unless such

attorney is or is deemed to be an Officer of the Company.

“Responsibility of

Directors and other

Officers”

64.*

Subject to the provisions of the Act, no Director or other officer

of the Company shall be liable for the acts, receipts, neglects, or

defaults of any other directors or officers or for joining in any receipt

or other act for conformity or for any loss or expenses incurred by

the Company through the insufficiency or deficiency in title to any

property acquired by order of the Directors for or on behalf of the

Company or for the insufficiency or deficiency of any security in or

upto which any of the moneys of the Company shall be invested,

or for any loss or damages arising from the insolvency or tortuous

act of any person, firm or company to or with whom any moneys,

securities or effects of the Company shall be entrusted or deposited

or for any loss occasioned by any error or judgment, omission,

default or oversight on his part or for any other loss, damage or

misfortune whatever which shall happen in relation to the execution

of the duties of his office or in relation thereto unless the same shall

happen through his own dishonesty.:

letter of offer subject to the following conditions, namely:

(i) the offer shall be made by notice specifying the number

of Shares offered and limiting a time not being less than

fifteen days and not exceeding thirty days from the date

of the offer within which the offer, if not accepted, shall be

deemed to have been declined;

(ii) the offer aforesaid shall be deemed to include a right

exercisable by the person concerned to renounce the

Shares offered to him or any of them in favour of any other

person; and the notice referred to in clause (i) above shall

contain a statement of this right;

(iii) after the expiry of the time specified in the notice aforesaid,

or on receipt of earlier intimation from the person to whom

such notice is given that he declines to accept the Shares

offered, the Board of Directors may dispose of them in such

manner which is not disadvantageous to the shareholders

and the Company;:

Managing Director”

34.**+

Subject to Article 31.1, where GAIL has the right to appoint more than

two (2) directors, GAIL shall nominate the Chairman of the Company

and additionally, it shall nominate one of its nominee directors as

the: Managing Director and one as Deputy Managing Director of the

Company, both of whom shall serve on a full time non-retiring basis.

If GAIL has the right to appoint only two (2) Director(s) (owing to

its reduced shareholding in the Company) GAIL shall nominate the

managing director, officer of which

judgement is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in

connection with any application under Section 463 of the Act in

which relief is granted to him by the Court. Nothing herein contained

shall apply to the constituted attorney of the Company unless such

attorney is or is deemed to be an Officer of the Company.

“Responsibility of

Directors and other

Officers”

64.*

Subject to the provisions of the Act, no Director or other officer

of the Company shall be liable for the acts, receipts, neglects, or

defaults of any other directors or officers or for joining in any receipt

or other act for conformity or for any loss or expenses incurred by

the Company through the insufficiency or deficiency in title to any

property acquired by order of the Directors for or on behalf of the

Company or for the insufficiency or deficiency of any security in or

upto which any of the moneys of the Company shall be invested,

or for any loss or damages arising from the insolvency or tortuous

act of any person, firm or company to or with whom any moneys,

securities or effects of the Company shall be entrusted or deposited

or for any loss occasioned by any error or judgment, omission,

default or oversight on his part or for any other loss, damage or

misfortune whatever which shall happen in relation to the execution

of the duties of his office or in relation thereto unless the same shall

happen through his own dishonesty.:

Managing Director

26

Serving Society in Times of Adversity.

Caring for our Employees & Customers.

30

Embracing Digital Transformation.

Using Technology for Better

Engagement.

32

Setting Standards – To Ensure Safety

34

Accelerating Performance -

With our People

36

Driving Digital Efficiency

38

Committed to Holistic Care

39

Statutory Reports

Management Discussion and Analysis

46

Directors’ Report

70

Business Responsibility Report

101

Corporate Governance Report

115

Forward-looking statements

Some information in this report may

contain forward-looking statements which

include statements regarding Company’s

expected financial position and results of

operations, business plans and prospects

etc. and are generally identified by

forward-looking words such as “believe,”

“plan,” “anticipate,” “continue,” “estimate,”

“expect,” “may,” “will” or other similar

words. Forward-looking statements are

dependent on assumptions or basis

underlying such statements. We have

chosen these assumptions or basis

in good faith, and we believe that they

are reasonable in all material respects.

However, we caution that actual results,

performances or achievements could

differ materially from those expressed

or implied in such forward-looking

statements. We undertake no obligation

to update or revise any forward-looking

statement, whether as a result of new

information, future events, or otherwise.

Scan QR code to read

more about Mahanagar Gas

Limited

Website : www.mahanagargas.com

Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report

150

Balance Sheet

164

Statement of Profit and Loss

165

Statement of Cash Flows

166

Notes to the Financial Statements

169

Abbreviations

215:

Managing Director

Mr. Deepak Sawant

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director of GAIL

(India) Limited, Mr. Manoj Jain is also currently Chairman of GAIL

GLOBAL (USA) Inc. (GGUI), GAIL GLOBAL (USA) LNG LLC (GGULL),

Brahmaputra Cracker & Polymer Limited, GAIL Gas Limited and

Mahanagar Gas Limited.

In his previous stint as Director (BD), he was responsible for

building GAIL’s Business Portfolio in India and abroad, Merger

and Acquisition, Petrochemical O&M and Expansion, Exploration

& Production, R&D, Start-Up, Health Safety & Environment

Management, Quality Management, Project Development including

feasibility study and investment approval for new pipelines,

process plants, renewables etc.

Mr. Manoj Jain was responsible for Gas Marketing activities in his

role as Executive Director (Marketing-Gas). He also spearheaded

the installation and commissioning of the USD 1.4 Billion

grassroots Petrochemical complex, as Chief Operating Officer of

Brahmaputra Cracker and Polymer Ltd, (BCPL).

Earlier, Mr. Jain worked in Operation & Maintenance at the

Corporate Level for a number of years and his experience

includes managing logistics of Gas Business with a perspective

of Operation and Management of all pipelines of company and in

the process played a significant role in establishing the National

Gas Management Centre (NGMC) and systems and procedures for

transmission and marketing of commingled gases.

Mr. Sanjib Datta -: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjay Shende has been appointed as Deputy Managing

Director on the Board of Mahanagar Gas Limited (MGL) with

effect from May 24, 2021.Mr. Sanjay Shende has a rich, illustrious

career in B2B sales, exports, and marketing spanning almost three

decades. He is a trained civil engineer and holds a Post Graduate

Diploma in Management from the Indian Institute of Management,

Lucknow.

He started his career in GAIL at the petrochemical complex at Pata,

UP during the commissioning phase to establish the logistics/

supply chain for polymer. Subsequently, from 2000 onwards,

he Joined Mumbai Zonal office looking after polymer sales in

Maharashtra and Goa turning this region into one of the top three

sales zones for GAIL. He was instrumental in starting Deemed

export of polymers in GAIL. Also, during the construction phase of

Dahej Uran Dabhol Pipeline, taking lead position , started inhouse

compounding for three layer PE coating using GAIL’ HDPE for

coating the line pipes.

Post commissioning of the Dahej Uran Dabhol Panvel pipelines

(2008) and the arrival of RLNG in the Maharashtra and Goa

market, Mr. Shende spearheaded RLNG sales.

In 2011, he joined GAIL’s Ahmedabad Zonal office and was

in charge of marketing for the Natural Gas, Polymer & Liquid

Hydrocarbons in Gujarat market that contributed close to 25%

of GAIL’s total revenue. From 2015 to 2018, he was posted in the

petrochemicals marketing group at Noida in charge of formulating

various policies and looking after the pricing of polymers.Since

2018, he has been heading GAIL’s Hyderabad zonal office looking

after the marketing activities for GAIL as well as boundary

management in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. Prior to joining

GAIL, Mr. Shende worked at Hindustan Petroleum Corporation

Limited and Indian Petrochemicals Corporation Limited.

Mr. Baldev Singh - Director

Mr. Baldev Harpal Singh has been appointed as Director effective

from April 28, 2021.

Mr. Singh an Indian Administrative Services (IAS) officer of the

1989 batch belonging to the Maharashtra cadre has graduated in

Bachelor of Arts (Economics); Masters in Business Administration

with specialization in Finance and Marketing; Short term training

courses from International Institute of Social Studies (ISS),

Netherland in Governance, Democratization & Public Policy and

from Berkeley (UCB), California, in Domestic Funding of Foreign

Training (DFFT).

Mr. Baldev Singh has been recently appointed as the Additional

Chief Secretary (Industries), Industry, Energy and Labour

Department. Prior to this, he held the post of Chief Electoral Officer

(CEO) of Maharashtra.

In his career spanning more than 30 years, he has served the

State and the Country handling various positions. Some of the key

profiles he held in the past are Development Commissioner, Santa

Cruz Exclusive Export Processing Zone (SEEPZ), Special Economic

Zone (SEZ) Mumbai under the Department of Commerce

and Principal Secretary, Labour Department, Government of

Maharashtra.:

Dear Shareholders,

As we step into our 27th year, I consider it

my privilege to present your Company’s

performance review for the Financial Year

2021 (FY20-21).

The wrath of COVID-19 spared no economy

from an unprecedented downturn during

this period. The debilitating effect of

the pandemic has left many companies

struggling for survival. On the contrary,

your Company has managed to withstand

this once-in-a-century disruption

remarkably well. Throughout this period,

your Company was able to successfully

maintain an uninterrupted supply of gas

in its geographical areas. Its extensive

industrial expertise coupled with new-

age digital capabilities have helped your

Company to sustain its operations, while

also pressing ahead with its longer-term

objectives for growth and enhancing value

for its stakeholders.

We withstood this once-in-a-century disruption

remarkably well and successfully maintained an

uninterrupted supply of gas in our geographical areas.

Our new-age digital capabilities have helped us to sustain

our operations, and press ahead with our longer-term

objectives for growth and value creation.

— Manoj Jain

Chairman

“:

MANAGING DIRECTOR: Dear Shareholders,

The last fiscal had been challenging as the

world went through a severe humanitarian

crisis impacting the lives and livelihoods

of large swathes of people across the

globe. Despite the difficulties the year

posed, I hope that you and your loved

ones are healthy and safe. My prayers and

thoughts are with every one impacted by

the COVID-19 pandemic.

I want to assure you that even in these

turbulent times of economic and social

disruptions, your Company has taken all

necessary steps to effectively manage

the various risks posed to the business

and navigate it safely through them.

Your Company has made all efforts to

take good care of its staff, customers,

stakeholders, and all its physical assets. In

the face of headwinds from the pandemic

and ensuing economic crisis, your

In the face of headwinds from the pandemic and ensuing

economic crisis, we have stood strong and purpose driven

– representing resilience, strength, discipline, and agility –

with a focus on bringing positive changes in the lives of all

stakeholders.

— Sanjib Datta

Managing

MANAGING DIRECTOR:

Managing Director:

Managing Director) with effect from April 05, 2021 due to

withdrawal of nomination by GAIL (India) Limited

4.

Mr. Premesh Kumar Jain

(DIN: 02145534)

Cessation of directorship on April 20, 2021 due to demise.

5.

Mr. Baldev Singh

(DIN : 03577274)

Appointed as Nominee Director (Additional) of Government

of Maharashtra on the Board w.e.f. April 28, 2021

6.

Mr. Sanjay Shende

(DIN: 09172642)

Appointed as Whole Time Director (Designated as Deputy: Managing

Managing Director, Mr. Deepak Sawant, Deputy: Managing Director, Mr. Sunil

Ranade, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Atul Prabhu, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer.

15. ANNUAL EVALUATION OF THE PERFORMANCE

OF THE BOARD, ITS COMMITTEES AND OF

INDIVIDUAL DIRECTORS:

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations, the annual

evaluation of the performance of the Board and

that of its Committees as well as of individual

Directors was carried out during the year under

review based on the formal mechanism adopted

by the Board. The same was carried out by the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the

Board of Directors and the Independent Directors

at their respective meetings. In the meeting

of Independent Directors, the performance

evaluation of Board as a whole,

Managing Director and Deputy: Managing

Managing Director):

Managing Director (Nominee of GAIL) ceased

to be Director w.e.f. April 05, 2021 due to his transfer on the basis of Office Order issued by GAIL.

3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved

by the Board are disclosed on the website of the company: https://www.mahanagargas.com/csr/csr-

policies.aspx

4. Provide the details of Impact Assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of

rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the

report): Nil

5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies

(Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial

year, if any

Sl.

No.

Financial Year

Amount available for set-off from

preceding financial years (in `)

Amount required to be set-off for the

financial year, if any (in `)

1

2020-21

-

-

6. Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) - ₹83,029.23 Lakh

7. (a) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) - ₹1,660.58 Lakh

(b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years

- Nil:

Managing Director

1,04,50,165

14,26,000

7.32:1

2.

Mr. Deepak Sawant,

Whole Time Director*

97,52,304

14,26,000

6.83:1

3.

Mr. Raj Kishore Tewari*

8,20,000

14,26,000

0.57:1

4.

Mrs. Radhika Vijay Haribhakti*

4,30,000

14,26,000

0.30:1

5.

Mr. Premesh Kumar Jain*

7,80,000

14,26,000

0.55:1

6.

Mr. Syed S. Hussain

10,20,000

14,26,000

0.71:1

7.

Mr. Baldev Singh*

NA

14,26,000

NA

8.

Mr. Sanjay Shende*

NA

14,26,000

NA

Notes(*):-

1.

Special resolution for re-appointment of Mrs. Radhika Vijay Haribhakti, Non-Executive Independent Director

was not passed by members of the Company at the 25th Annual General Meeting held on September 24,

2020 and consequently she ceased to be Director of the Company.

2.

Mr. Deepak Sawant – Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 07008785

b.

Details of the BR head

Sanjib Datta,: Managing

Managing Director and Senior

Management Personnel monitored the BR performance of the company on an ongoing basis and the

Board of Directors and other Committees of the Board review during their respective meetings.

(b) Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability Report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this

report? How frequently it is published?

The Company’s Equity Shares got listed on Stock Exchanges (BSE and NSE) on July 01, 2016 and as

mandated by SEBI, the Company released its first Business Responsibility Report for the Financial

Year 2016-17. The Business Responsibility Report for the Financial Year 2020-2021 forms part of this

Annual Report. The same is available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at https://

www.mahanagargas.com/investors/annual-reports.aspx.:

Managing Director)

DIN:07008785

Non-Independent,

Executive Director

-

-

-

3. Mr. Deepak Sawant

(Deputy: Managing Director)^

DIN:07339381

Non-Independent,

Executive Director

-

-

-

4. Mr. Raj Kishore Tewari^^

DIN:07056080

Non-Executive,

Independent

Director

-

2

-

5. Mrs. Radhika Vijay

Haribhakti^^^

DIN:02409519

Non-Executive,

Independent

Director

-

-

-

6. Mr. Premesh Kumar Jain^^^^

DIN: 02145534

Non-Executive,

Independent

Director

-

3

-

7. Mr. Syed S. Hussain

DIN:00209117

Non-Executive,

Independent

Director

-

1

-

Notes:

* Excluding Directorship held in MGL, Private Limited Companies, Foreign Companies and Section 8

Companies.

** In accordance with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,

Memberships/

Managing Director (Nominee of GAIL) ceased to be Director w.e.f. April 05, 2021 due

to transfer based on order issued by GAIL.

6)

Mr. Premesh Kumar Jain ceased to be Independent Director due to demise on April 20, 2021.

(iv) Board Procedure:

Your Company’s Board plays a role in ensuring functioning of your Company with good governance

practices. The Board’s role, functions, responsibilities and accountabilities are well defined. The annual

tentative calendar of Board Meetings is circulated to the members of the Board, well in advance. The

agenda is circulated well in advance to the Board members, along with comprehensive background

information on the items in the agenda to enable the Board members to take informed decisions. The

agenda and related information are circulated in electronic form through email and in secured electronic

mode, which is accessible only to the Board members.

The Board meets at least once in every quarter to review the quarterly results and other items on the:

Managing Director of the

Company on May 24, 2021.

** Mr. Baldev Singh was appointed as the Nominee Director (Non-Executive) of the Government of Maharashtra on April

28, 2021.

(viii) Relationship between the Directors :

There is no relationship amongst any of the Directors of the Company.

(ix) Shareholding of Non-Executive Directors :

None of the Non-Executive Directors holds any equity shares in the Company.:

Managing Director

STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE

1

Mr. Raj Kishore Tewari1

Independent Director (Chairman)

1

Mr. Raj Kishore Tewari1

Independent Director (Chairman)

2

Mr. Premesh Kumar Jain2

Independent Director

2

Mr. Syed S. Hussain

Independent Director

3

Mr. Sanjib Datta: Managing Director

3

Mr. Sanjib Datta

Managing Director

4

Mr. Deepak Sawant3

Deputy Managing Director

4

Mr. Deepak Sawant3

Deputy Managing Director

RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

PERFORMANCE REVIEW BOARD COMMITTEE

1

Mr. Premesh Kumar Jain2

Independent Director (

Managing Director (Nominee of GAIL) ceased to be Director w.e.f. April

05, 2021 due to transfer based on order issued by GAIL.:

Managing Director

and Chief Financial Officer as permanent

invitees, and the respective departmental

heads, as required. The Statutory Auditors

and Internal Auditors also attend the Audit

Committee meetings by invitation for their

respective agenda items.

All the recommendations of the Audit

Committee have been accepted by the

Board of Directors. The Chairman of the

Audit Committee was present at the Annual

General Meeting of the Company held on

September 24, 2020.

Terms of Reference of Audit Committee:

1.

Oversight of the company’s financial

reporting process and the disclosure

of its financial information to ensure

that the financial statement is correct,

sufficient and credible;

2.

Review and recommend for approval to

the Board - proposals on Borrowings and

proposals on non-fund based facilities

from banks and Business plan;

3.

Review and recommend for approval

to the Board - capital expenditure

proposals exceeding authority limit of

SMG but not exceeding `50.0 Crores,

treasury policies of MGL and Corporate

Annual Budget and Revised Estimates;

4.

To review PNG and CNG Pricing Policy

at least on a quarterly basis and to

recommend to the Board for approval,

changes required in it, if any;

5.

Recommending

to

the

Board,

the

appointment,

re-appointment,

terms

of appointment and, if required, the

replacement or removal of the internal

auditor, cost auditor and statutory

auditors and the fixation of audit fees

and remuneration;

6.

Approval of payment to statutory, internal

and cost auditors for any other services

rendered by them, as applicable;

7.

Reviewing,

with

the

management,

the

annual

financial

statements

and auditor’s report thereon before

submission to the Board for approval,

with particular reference to:

a) Matters required to be included

in

the

Director’s

Responsibility

Statement to be included in the

Board’s report in terms of clause (c)

of sub section 3 of section 134 of

the Companies Act, 2013;

b) Changes, if any, in accounting

policies and practices and reasons

for the same;

c) Major accounting entries involving

estimates based on the exercise of

judgment by Management;

d) Significant adjustments made in the

financial statements arising out of

audit findings;

e) Compliance with listing and other

legal

requirements

relating

to

financial statements;

f)

Disclosure of any related party

transactions;:

Managing Director

and submit their recommendations to

the Board;

3.

Formulation of criteria for evaluation of

performance of Independent Directors

and the Board and devising a policy on

Board diversity;

4.

Identifying persons who are qualified

to become Directors and who may

be appointed in senior management

in accordance with the criteria laid

down, and recommend to the Board

their appointment and removal and

shall specify the manner for effective

evaluation of performance of Board, its

committees and individual Directors

to be carried out either by the Board,

by the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee or by an independent external

agency and review its implementation

and compliance;

5.

Determination

of

extension

or

continuation of the term of appointment:

letter

of

appointment

in

accordance

with guidelines provided under the

Companies Act, 2013;

16. Developing a Succession Plan for the

Board and Senior Management and

regularly reviewing the plan;

17. Consider and determine the Nomination

and Remuneration policy, based on the

performance and also bearing in mind

that the remuneration is reasonable and

sufficient to attract, retain and motivate

members of the Board and such other

factors as the Committee shall deem

appropriate; and

18. The Committee should ensure that it

proactively maintains a balance between

fixed and incentive pay reflecting short

and long term performance objectives

appropriate to the working of the

Company.:

Managing Director as Whole-Time Directors designated are approved

by the Board and Members of the Company, on recommendation of the NRC. The details

of remuneration paid to Executive Directors are disclosed in the Directors’ Report of the

Company.

The Company does not have any stock options plan or performance linked incentive for the

Directors. Chairman,: Managing

Managing Director / Company Secretary is placed at Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Meeting.

In compliance with SEBI Circulars, the request for physical transfer of shares shall not be processed

by the Company or RTA, except in case of transmission and transposition, with effect from April 01,

2019. RTA of your Company ensures compliance with all the procedural requirements with respect to

transmission and transposition of shares and formalities with respect to name deletion, sub-division,

consolidation, renewal, exchange and endorsement of share certificates. Further, as stipulated under

Regulation 40(9) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the RTA also obtains a half yearly certificate in that

regard from Practicing Company Secretaries and the same is filed with the stock exchanges.

i)

Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2021:

SHAREHOLDERS

SHAREHOLDING

NO. OF EQUITY SHARES

NO

% OF TOTAL

NO.

% OF TOTAL

Upto 1000

1,50,400

99.43

74,10,783

7.50

1001

to

2000

428

0.28

6,11,546

0.62

2001

to

5000

175

0.11

5,47,869

0.56

5001

to

10000

72

0.05

5,06,350

0.51

Above 10000

191

0.13

8,97,01,230

90.81

Total

1,51,266

100.00

9,87,77,778

100.00:

letter dated February

15, 2021 levied fine of `35,000/- plus

applicable taxes and: letter dated May 17,

2021 levied `4,50,000/- plus applicable taxes

and BSE Limited (BSE) vide its e-mail dated

March 05, 2021 levied fine of `35,000/- plus

applicable taxes and letter dated May 17,

2021 levied `4,50,000/- plus applicable

taxes for non-compliance of Regulation

17(1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations

2015 (“Listing Regulations”) for not having

a Woman Independent

Managing Director.

VI. The

Internal

Auditor

reports

their

findings to the Audit Committee of the

Company.

f) Subsidiary companies:

As on March 31, 2021, your Company does

not have any subsidiary.

g) Code of Conduct:

In compliance with Regulation 26(3) of the

Listing Regulations and the Companies

Act, 2013, the Company has in place

comprehensive Code of Conduct applicable

to the Board and Senior Management

Personnel.

The

Code

of

Conduct

is

formulated with a purpose to ensure good

corporate governance and ethical and

transparent process in managing the affairs

of the Company. A copy of the Code has

been uploaded on the Company’s website

(www.mahanagargas.com). All members

of the Board and Senior Management

Personnel have affirmed compliance with

the Code of conduct for the financial year

2020-2021.

h) Disclosure of Accounting Treatment:

The Company has followed all applicable

and relevant Accounting Standards while

preparing the Financial Statements.

i)

Certification from Company Secretary in

Practice:

A certificate has been received from

M/s.

Subhash

Kulkarni

&

Associates,

Practising Company Secretary, certifying

that none of the Directors on the Board of the

Company has been debarred or disqualified

from being appointed or continuing as

Directors of Companies by the Board/

Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such

statutory authority which forms part of this

Report.

j)

Details

of

recommendation

of

any

Committee of the Board not accepted by the

Board and reasons thereof: Not Applicable.:

Managing Director and

Mr. Sunil Ranade, Chief Financial Officer

have reviewed the Audited Financial Results

and Cash Flow Statements for the Financial

Year ended March 31, 2021 and accordingly

have provided a certificate, which forms part

of this Report.:

Managing Director

CEO - CFO CERTIFICATION:

Managing Director

DECLARATION:

letter dated April 01, 2015 under the PNGRB (Authorizing

Entities to Lay, Operate or Expand City or Local Natural

Gas Distribution Networks (GSR 196 (E)) Regulations,

2008. The commitment was to be achieved by March

2020 with yearly rest as stated in the authorization: letter. The Company has provided a performance bank

guarantee amounting to ` 10,500 lakhs against this

commitment to PNGRB.

Till March 31, 2018, the Company was unable to achieve

the cumulative MWP target and basis the meeting with

PNGRB representatives dated 12th March 2018 and the

Show Cause Notice received from PNGRB dated July

23, 2018 the Company submitted the remedial action

plan on August 2, 2018 to achieve the target by March

31, 2020 with revised yearly rest and had achieved its

cumulative targets as per revised plan for domestic

connections till March 31, 2019, however it had not

achieved the cumulative target for steel inch km.

Subsequently, on August 27, 2019, considering the

inability to complete the stated obligations, PNGRB

had asked the Company to submit a revised catch up

plan for the next 2 years i.e till September 2021 which

was submitted by the Company on November 15, 2019.

The Company till March 31, 2020, had completed its

cumulative obligations for domestic connections as per

this revised plan.

On February 09, 2021, the company filed an application to

PNGRB, appraising PNGRB with ground level challenges

faced in Raigad and has requested for extension up to

March 2022. The company is yet awaiting the acceptance

of such application from PNGRB

Considering the uncertainty, the Company has disclosed

the matter as a contingent liability as at March 31, 2021,

as there has been no further communication received

from PNGRB in this matter.

•

We evaluated the design and tested the

operating effectiveness of controls in respect

of the identification and evaluation of claims,

proceedings and investigations at different

levels, and the recording and continuous re-

assessment of the related contingent liabilities

and disclosures.

•

We read the copies of communication

exchanged between PNGRB and the Company

during the year including minutes of such

meetings held along with other city gas

distribution company’s.

•

We performed inquiries with the in-house legal

counsel on the legal evaluation of the PNGRB

show cause letter including the legal advice

obtained by the Company in the previous

year. The management has informed that the

legal opinion as obtained in the previous year

holds good in the current situation considering

there has been no changes in the current year.

We understood their interpretation of the

implications on the Company and obtained a

specific representation on the management’s

interpretation.

•

We reviewed the progress reports submitted to

PNGRB and presented by the management to

us and the Board have compared the progress

vis a vis the target submitted to PNGRB.

•

We

obtained

and

discussed

with

the

management and Board of

Managing Director

DIN: 07008785

Sanjay Shende

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 07008785

Sanjay Shende

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 07008785

Sanjay Shende

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 07008785

Sanjay Shende

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

c.

Mr. Sanjay Shende, Whole Time Director (from 24th May, 2021)

d.

Mr. Syed S. Hussain, Independent Director (from 9th September 2019)

e.

Mr. Baldev Singh, Non-Executive Director (from 28th April 2021) – Government of Maharashtra

Nominee #

f.

Mr. Premesh Kumar Jain, Independent Director (upto 20th April 2021)

g.

Mr. Deepak Sawant, Whole Time Director (from 9th May 2019 to 5th April, 2021)

h.

Mr. Raj Kishore Tewari, Independent Director (upto 31st March 2021)

i.

Mrs. Radhika Haribhakti, Independent Director (upto 25th September 2020)

j.

Dr. Ashutosh Karnatak, Non-Executive Chairman (from 1st August 2019 to 6th May 2020) - GAIL

Nominee #

k.

Mr. Arun Balakrishnan, Independent Director (upto 9th September 2019)

l.

Mr. Santosh Kumar, Independent Director (upto 9th September 2019)

m. Mr. Akhil Mehrotra, Non-Executive Director (upto 9th May 2019) - BGAPHPL Nominee #

n.

Mr. Trivikram Arun Ramanathan, Non-Executive Director (from 10th May 2019 to 20th August 2019) -

BGAPHPL Nominee #:

Letter of Credit) to be settled as per contract

within 4 days, from receipt of invoices, being general terms of payment for such transactions.:

letter of credit. All trade receivables are reviewed and

assessed for default on regular basis. Our historical experience of collecting receivables, supported

by the level of default, is that credit risk is low.

For trade receivables, except for specifically identified cases, Company follow a simplified approach

where provision is made as per the ageing buckets which are designed based on historical facts and

patterns.

Age of trade receivables as on March 31, 2021

(` in Lakh)

AGEING

WITHIN

THE CREDIT

PERIOD

UPTO 6

MONTHS

6 MONTHS

TO 1 YEAR

ABOVE 1

YEAR

TOTAL

Gross Amount

9,798.92

2,571.64

238.60

544.97

13,154.13

Loss allowance for trade receivables

-

-

-

(401.19)

(401.19)

Net Trade receivables

9,798.92

2,571.64

238.60

143.78

12,752.94

Age of trade receivables as on March 31, 2020

(` in Lakh)

AGEING

WITHIN

THE CREDIT

PERIOD

UPTO 6

MONTHS

6 MONTHS

TO 1 YEAR

ABOVE 1

YEAR

TOTAL

Gross Amount

4,568.72

2,182.02

155.60

345.17

7,251.51

Loss allowance for trade receivables

-

(30.10)

(131.51)

(244.57)

(406.18)

Net Trade receivables

4,568.72

2,151.92

24.09

100.60

6,845.33

Reconciliation of loss allowance for trade receivables

(` in Lakh)

PARTICULARS

AMOUNT

Loss allowance as at March 31, 2020

406.18

Changes in loss allowance

(4.99)

Loss allowance as at March 31, 2021

401.19

Other financial assets

The Company maintains exposure in security deposits, reinstatement charges receivable, cash and

cash equivalents and term deposits with banks and corporates.

In case of security deposits and reinstatement charges, majority of which are given to Municipal

authorities (which are government controlled entities) towards pipeline laying activity, the credit risk

is low. However, historically the company has experienced a delay/ non receipt of these amounts

and hence allowances have been taken into account for the expected credit losses of these security

deposits and reinstatement charges.

In case of bank /corporate fixed deposits regular quotations for interest rate are invited and based

on best offered rate the bank deposits are placed with banks/corporates having reasonably high net

worth. Exposures of deposit placed are restricted to limits per bank/corporate as per policy and limits

are actively monitored by the Company. We understand that the credit risk is very low to moderate for

such deposits.:

letter No.

L-16019/2/2019-GP-I dated July 31, 2019 issued by Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas (MOPNG)

addressed to OMCs and GAIL, a consultative process was to be undertaken with City Gas Distribution

(CGD) companies to finalize trade discount after completing de novo study. However, no consultation

was held with the Company during or after De Novo Study.

The Company had replied to OMC vide letters dated September 04, 2020 and October 26, 2020,

that any unilaterally determined high trade discount is not acceptable. In January 2021, Ministry of

Petroleum & Natural Gas was appraised by many CGD companies in a joint virtual meeting. Pending

consultation / negotiation, any additional liability cannot be quantified and continues to be considered

as contingent liability.:

letter dated August 2, 2018 for meeting MWP target by March 2020 and reiterated host of

factors beyond control of the Company causing a shortfall. Further, PNGRB called a Joint Progress

Review Meeting on August 27, 2019 and post review revised catch up plan was submitted to PNGRB

on November 15, 2019. As of 31st March 2020, the Company has achieved cumulative number of

Domestic connections as per PNGRB MWP target. Post outbreak of COVID-19 the company had

requested PNGRB in April 2020 to extend the timeline for achieving the MWP of Inch-Kms by six

months up to March 31, 2022. The PNGRB, sought information on COVID-19 lockdown in July 2020

from the City Gas Distribution companies and has issued public notice dated November 5, 2020,

extending MWP timeline due to COVID-19 lockdown for various Geographical areas, where extension

of 251 days for Raigad has been granted.

Recently, vide: letter dated February 9, 2021 the company has appraised PNGRB with ground level

challenges faced in Raigad and has requested for extension up to March 2022. The management

is of the view that it will be able to achieve the inch km targets as per timelines submitted and that

the penalty can be avoided. Accordingly, no provision is deemed necessary in relation to the bank

guarantee issued to the PNGRB at this stage.

31.10

Disclosure required under Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (the Act) are

as follows:

(` in Lakh)

SR.

NO.

PARTICULARS

AS AT

MARCH 31, 2021

AS AT

MARCH 31, 2020

(i)

Principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the

end of the accounting year:

a)

Trade Payables.

1,797.15

1,767.15

b)

Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment.

4,172.18

2,497.55

(ii)

Interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as at

the end of the accounting year.

(iii)

The amount of interest paid by the company in terms of

section 16 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises

Development Act, 2006, along with the amount of the

payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day

during the accounting year.

-

-

(iv)

The amount of interest due and payable for the period of

delay in making payment (which have been paid but beyond

the appointed day during the year) but without adding

the interest specified under the Micro, Small and Medium

Enterprises Development Act, 2006.

-

-

Managing Director

DIN: 07008785

Sanjay Shende

Deputy: Managing

