Dear Stakeholders,

The year 2020 has been like no other before in living memory,

characterised by extraordinary challenges. However, it has also been

a year in which we recommitted ourselves to our vision of providing

future ready energy solutions to our customers to empower them for

tomorrow’s world. Our employees and partners were not discouraged by

our strategic business objectives and meeting the evolving requirements

of our customers. As India went into one of the world’s largest COVID-19

lockdowns, our employees ensured uninterrupted electricity supply

across the country. We proactively adopted strategic measures to

combat the adverse impacts across our operations, workforce, and

communities. Despite downside risks posed by COVID 2.0, we remain

cautiously optimistic and will continue to build a resilient tomorrow and

advance our sustainability agenda.

Building future-ready solutions

In FY21, we took effective steps to de-leverage our balance sheet.

This strategy resulted in greater investor confidence in our performance

and our market capitalisation increased by 214% from ₹10,496 crore in

FY20 to ₹32,990 crore in FY21. Furthermore, we raised ₹2,600 crore by way

of issuing equity share capital on preferential basis to Tata Sons Private

Limited ("Tata Sons") reinforcing their commitment to strengthening

our Company’s financials by increasing their shareholding from 35.27%

in FY20 to 45.21% in FY21. The completion of sale of the South African

assets, shipping assets as well as defence business and the consequent

reduction in debt and a corresponding upgrade in credit ratings has

enabled the Company to further reduce financing costs. This has

accelerated our ambitious plans to expand our business portfolio across

The year 2020 was fraught with multiple

challenges and an uncertain global outlook.

Yet, we collectively stood strong in the

face of adversity, demonstrating resilience,

innovation and agility across the organisation.

As a purpose driven Company, we tapped into

all our resources and capabilities to produce

actionable impact for our stakeholders

and help combat a profound health and

humanitarian crisis. The road ahead is clear

and we are committed to achieving equitable

growth that makes a positive difference to our

people and our planet.

to install microgrids across 200 villages, with value added services

implemented for our rural customers, including EMI schemes, Energy

Efficient Applications and Micro Financing Institute (MFI) linkage for

commercial and industrial customers.

Going beyond our thrust areas, we continued to work relentlessly

to support responsible citizens in augmenting energy and resource

conservation across the country. Owing to the pandemic, we could not

conduct on ground programmes but capitalised on digital platforms to

introduce ‘E-learning Fridays’ and bi-weekly webisode series for children

and their parents. These efforts encouraged people to adopt sustainable

living practices amid the lockdown with a successful 35,000 views across

the webisode series.

Transforming sustainably to empower millions

We will continue to draw on our collaborative spirit to transform and

ensure the resilience of our Company through new challenges in the

coming years. There is much to do and we have a clear direction and a

strategy for the future. I have strong faith in our leaders and employees,

who continue to effectively execute strategy and deliver sustainable

value to all our stakeholders.

Before I conclude, I must extend my heartfelt gratitude to all our go-

getters-frontline workers who overcame challenges posed by the

pandemic to ensure uninterrupted power supply to millions of citizens

across the country. We will continue to focus on sustainable growth while

delivering future ready solutions to our customers and empowering

the nation.

Yours sincerely,

Dr. Praveer Sinha

CEO & MD

The Tata Power Company Limited

“Despite downside risks posed by

COVID 2.0, we remain cautiously

optimistic and will continue

to build a resilient tomorrow

and advance our sustainability

agenda.”

Overview

Our Emphasis on Value

Our Value‑creation Paradigm

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

#Futureready: Empowering customers for tomorrow’s world

7

The Tata Power Company Limited Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

6:

Managing Director

Custodians of responsible

governance

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

At Tata Power, we leverage our vision and responsible governance practices to create value for

our stakeholders

We are guided by the principles of the Tata Code of Conduct and

the Tata Business Excellence Model. These principles guide the

organisation’s growth along a sound and sustainable pathway.

Our esteemed Board comprises of experts with rich experience

across diverse fields.

Our Board represents the highest authority across the Company’s

governance and management paradigm. It continues to

exemplify trust, transparency and integrity, supported by

Tata Power’s ethical and inclusive Corporate Governance (CG)

mechanism. This responsible approach to governance enables

us to maximise value for all our stakeholders in line with a

balanced and sustainable strategy to achieve our long-term

business objectives and aspirations.

Leading with responsibility and empathy

Tata Power employs a responsible approach to enhance

organizational performance across the economic, environment,

social and governance paradigm. We consciously conduct

business in an ethical and fair manner, propagating a corporate

culture that is socially and environmentally responsible. For FY21,

there were no cases pending in line with unfair trade practices,

irresponsible advertising and/or anti-competitive behaviour.

Additionally, there were no cases of corruption with reference to

our employees or our business partners.

Efficacious tax governance

Tata Power carries out a detailed assessment with regard to

the tax planning for the Annual Business Plan (ABP) period,

which ranges from one to five years. The taxation department

at Tata Power is headed by a senior officer responsible for the

tax planning and litigation of Tata Power Group Companies

operating in India. We also ensure a routine tax compliance

which is overseen by the Chief Financial Officers (CFOs) of

respective subsidiaries/joint ventures to maintain consistency

in the Company’s management approach. Actual tax liability

versus the ABP estimation is compared every year and during

the Union Budget exercise, we submit respective representation

to the Government of India, proposing benefits accrued to the

sector and in best interest of the Industry. Tax to the government

is accrued as per relevant provisions and we are humbled to

state that there have been no non-compliances with regard to

taxation, with the exception of any ambiguity in the provision

which would be subject to litigation in the best interest of the

Company.

We track tax compliance details as well as timelines on our

compliance portal which is updated in a timely manner with

the status of compliance against due dates. In order to ensure

the effective monitoring and review of tax compliance, the

compliance report is also provided independently to senior

management by the risk and compliance department. In order

to mitigate unethical or unlawful behaviour, we maintain all tax

workings and positions for future reference and advance tax

payments are made only with the approval from the Financial

Controller (FC) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). We also prepare

contingent liability statements every quarter and revise all

pending litigations with a regular update of tax positions.

Further information on our Corporate Governance structure and

committees are detailed in our Report on Corporate Governance,

page 184.

Ownership Structure

Promoter and

promoter group

Public (Holding)

Public (Institutional

Investors)

Public (Others)

46.86%

33.03%

20.11%

53.14%

Tata Power’s Policies

Health and Safety Policy

Responsible Supply Chain

Management Policy

Corporate Environment Policy

Corporate Sustainability Policy

Human Rights Policy

Whistle Blower Policy

Risk Management Policy

Safety Code of Conduct

Further details on our policies are available on www.tatapower.com

Stakeholder

Received in FY21

Satisfactorily resolved by

the management (%)

Investors

13

100

Employees

63 (including 9 contract

employees)*

97

Vendors

15

100

Customer

1

100

Sustainability governance

The Board of Directors at Tata Power have guided the

organization’s strategy based on the Company’s external

and regulatory environment, material issues and stakeholder

requirements. We have a robust sustainability model that

is driven by a beyond compliance approach. With our core

objective of ‘Leadership with Care’, we aim to drive initiatives

that are material to the Company and its stakeholders as well as

in line with national thrust areas for development. Furthermore,

we have strengthened our sustainability strategy in line with

our goal to become carbon neutral before 2050. An augmented

element of sustainability to Tata Power’s core governance

structure has paved the way for numerous sustainability related

policies that effectively govern our strategic direction and value

creation process.

We hold periodic sessions during the year to appraise the Board

of Directors on regulatory changes, CSR and sustainability related

matters to gain valued perspective and strategic orientation for

the future performance of the Company. In addition, we have

implemented a Senior Leaders’ Development Programme (SLDP)

in partnership with IIM, Ahmedabad. This is a 15 month on

campus leadership development journey which covers diverse

modules, such as emerging business models, customer centric

strategic planning, digital transformation, design thinking and

disruptive innovation among others. In FY21, we also introduced

e-trainings on ‘‘COVID-19: Building a Resilient Response’, Business

Continuity Management and Managing Shifting Realities and

so on.

Enablers

Objective and its Elements

Encompassing values

Leadership with Care

Initiatives that are based on,

and are encompassing

Leadership and Oversight on

Sustainability

New Technology

Advocacy

Benchmarking.

Going beyond compliance

Institutional Structures and

Systems

Architecture of Care

What needs to be done (material to both

stakeholders and us)

What we should take up as national

thrust areas for development

Care for our community

What we should define as our standards;

from compliance, to competing, to

leading

Care for our people

What we are good at doing which is

linked to our business objectives

Care for our shareholders

and customers

Care for our environment (society

at large)

• Environment Conservation

• Efficient use of Energy

• Investment in Green Technology

We strongly encourage respect for human rights and the

dignity of all people in line with Tata Power’s core values. We

are humbled to state that there have been no complaints

concerning the rights of indigenous people, child labour, forced

labour, freedom of association, the right of collective bargaining

and gender or social discrimination. Besides, we comply with

product and service regulations in regard to health and safety

impacts, marketing communication as well as information and

labelling. In FY21, there were no pending or unresolved show-

cause notices issued from the Central Pollution Control Board

(CPCB) or State Pollution Control Board (SPCB). At Tata Power,

compliance is fundamental to our value creation story and we

are proud to state that there have been no significant regulatory

fines or sanctions for non-compliance with environmental or

social, local and national laws.

The status of stakeholder complaints received in FY21 have been

provided below:

*Inquiry is under progress for 2 concerns

Mr. Natarajan

Chandrasekaran

Ms. Anjali Bansal

Ms. Vibha Padalkar

Mr. Sanjay V. Bhandarkar

Mr. Kesava Menon

Chandrashekhar

Mr. Hemant Bhargava

Mr. Saurabh Agrawal

Mr. Banmali Agrawala

Mr. Ashok Sinha

Dr. Praveer Sinha

Overview

Our Emphasis on Value

Our Value‑creation Paradigm

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

#Futureready: Empowering customers for tomorrow’s world

17

The Tata Power Company Limited Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

16:

Letter

of credit

Ū Mitigation through prudent operations

management, resource optimization and

prudent bidding practices

Ū Focus on installation of new meters and

replacement of faulty meters; increasing

efficiency in billing

Ū Advocacy with State Transmission

Utility (STU)/ regulator for acceptance of

schemes through cost-benefit analysis

SBO 1

SBO 5

SBO 8

Financial risk

Ū Availability of cost- effective capital:

Availability of debt

Ū High leverage: Increased

borrowings over last few years

primarily due to losses in CGPL

Ū Renewal of operating license of

investments

Ū Liquidation of regulatory assets

Ū Diversification of lenders base

Ū Monetization of non-core assets

Ū Advocacy with relevant government

authorities

Ū Advocacy with regulators and

government for tariff increase

SBO 1

SBO 3

Business Risk

Ū Availability of fuel for thermal plant

at optimal cost

Ū Exploration of alternate coal sources

SBO 8

Climate change and

business continuity

linked risks

Ū Climate change linked transitional

risk: Possibility of capping of carbon

emissions

Ū Climate change linked Physical risks:

Ū For operations located in coastal

area

Ū Rise in water temperature

potentially affecting processes

Ū Extreme weather events such

as floods and draughts, fuel and

water scarcity

Ū Risk of pandemic and other natural

disasters

Ū Lowering of carbon intensity by focusing

more on the renewable portfolio as

well as venturing into energy efficient

businesses like rooftop solar, EV

charging, microgrids etc.

Ū Improvement in operational efficiency

for thermal power plants

Ū Installation of pollution control and

energy efficient equipment

Ū Establishment of robust Business

Continuity and Disaster Management

Plan (BCDMP) evidenced through

recertification on ISO 22301:2012 from

the British Standards Institute (BSI)

SBO 1

SBO 2

SBO 8

actions taken, there are no material adverse observations which

could have a financial or commercial impact or material non-

compliances that have not been addressed. Furthermore, we

employ a Control Self-Assessment (CSA) process which enables

the response of each process owner to be used in order to access

internal controls in each process. This, in turn supports enhanced

process improvement plans and enables certifications from CEO/

CFO for internal controls. Details of our identified risks, mitigation

strategy and linkage to our strategic business objectives are

provided below.

Overview

Our Emphasis on Value

Our Value‑creation Paradigm

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

#Futureready: Empowering customers for tomorrow’s world

27

The Tata Power Company Limited Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

26:

letter

Ū Microsoft Kaizala

SOCIAL & RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL

Solar rooftop, Solar Pumps & EPC Business

Ū Enhancing

experience

of

over

30,000

customers through various digital assets

such as:

Ū Solar calculator to save energy cost

Ū Chatbot

on

websites

and

mobile

applications

Ū 3D visualisation and sizing tool

Ū Supporting 275 channel partners through

Channel Partners' (Sales) Incentive

Ū Solar EPC solution for customers

Ū Schemes during COVID-19 pandemic to help

grow their business

Ū Changing the landscape of rural India through

dedicated focus on setting up around 1 million

Solar Pumps by FY26

Microgrids

Ū Benefited about 3,887 rural customers with

adequate and cheap power supply, and

provided green jobs to local youth

Ū Commissioned 161 microgrids with over 4.8

MW installed capacity

Ū Launched mobile application for monitoring

and ease of payment options

EV Charging

Ū Installed 532 public charging points in over

92 cities, so far, on our way to create a thriving

EV ecosystem for customers

Ū Launched our software platform and mobile

application to help customers locate EV

charging stations, charge EVs and pay bills

online

Ū Aim to integrate 1 lakh EV charging stations by

FY26

Ū Invest in and promote the development of

Charging Point Operators (CPOs) in the next

four years

Overview

Our Emphasis on Value

Our Value‑creation Paradigm

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

#Futureready: Empowering customers for tomorrow’s world

89

The Tata Power Company Limited Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

88:

Managing Director

•

Mr. Ramesh N. Subramanyam, Chief Financial Officer

•

Mr. Hanoz M. Mistry, Company Secretary

11. Annual Evaluation of Board Performance

and Performance of its Committees and

Individual Directors

The Board of Directors has carried out an annual evaluation

of its own performance, board committees, and individual

directors pursuant to the provisions of the Act and

Listing Regulations.

The performance of the Board was evaluated by the

Board after seeking inputs from all the Directors based

on criteria such as the board composition and structure,

effectiveness of board processes, information and

functioning, etc.

The performance of the Committees was evaluated by the

Board after seeking inputs from the Committee members

based on criteria such as the composition of committees,

effectiveness of Committee meetings, etc.

In a separate meeting of Independent Directors,

performance of Non-Independent Directors, the Board as

a whole and the Chairman of the Company was evaluated,

taking into account the views of the Executive Director

and NEDs.

The NRC reviewed the performance of individual directors

on the basis of criteria such as the contribution of the

individual director to the Board and Committee meetings

like preparedness on the issues to be discussed, meaningful

and constructive contribution and inputs in meetings, etc.

The

above

criteria

are

broadly

based

on

the

Guidance Note on Board Evaluation issued by the

Securities and Exchange Board of India on 5th January 2017.

In a subsequent Board meeting, the performance

of

the

Board,

its

Committees,

and

individual

Directors was also discussed. Performance evaluation

of Independent Directors was done by the entire Board,

excluding the Independent Director being evaluated.

12. Policy on Board Diversity and Director

Attributes and Remuneration Policy for

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and

Other Employees

In terms of the provisions of Section 178(3) of the

Act and Regulation 19 read with Part D of Schedule II to the

Listing Regulations, the NRC is responsible for determining

qualification, positive attributes and independence

of a Director. The NRC is also responsible for

recommending to the Board, a policy relating to the

remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel

and other employees. In line with this requirement, the

Board has adopted the Policy on Board Diversity and

Director Attributes, which is provided in Annexure - I to

this Report and Remuneration Policy for Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel and other employees of the

Company, which is reproduced in Annexure - II to

this Report.

13. Committees of the Board

The Committees of the Board focus on certain specific

areas and make informed decisions in line with the

delegated authority.

The following statutory Committees constituted by

the Board function according to their respective roles

and defined scope:

•

Audit Committee of Directors

•

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

•

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

•

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

•

Risk Management Committee

Details of the composition, terms of reference and number

of meetings held for respective committees are given in

the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of

the Annual Report.

The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for its

employees including the: Managing

Managing Director has also confirmed and

certified the same. The certification is enclosed as

Annexure - I at the end of the Report on Corporate

Governance.

14. Conservation of Energy and Technology

Absorption

Your Company continues its journey of growth in a

sustainable and responsible manner and has achieved

significant conservation of energy through its various

Demand Side Management (DSM) initiatives as well as

fostering energy efficient appliances at highly discounted

prices among its customers. More than 6,000 energy

efficient appliances like ceiling fans, air conditioners

and LED tube lights have been provided to customers

in FY21. Furthermore, around 4,000 Mwh of energy

savings have been achieved due to the DSM programme

in Mumbai license area. These initiatives have been

discussed in greater details in the information on

Conservation of Energy and Technology Absorption

stipulated under Section 134 (3) (m) of the Act read with

Rule 8 of The Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, which is

attached as Annexure - III to this Report.

15. Corporate Governance

Pursuant to Regulation 34 of the Listing Regulations,

Report on Corporate Governance along with the

certificate from a Practicing Company Secretary certifying

compliance with conditions of Corporate Governance

forms part of the Annual Report.

16. Vigil Mechanism

Your Company believes in the conduct of the affairs of its

constituents in a fair and transparent manner by adopting

the highest standards of professionalism, honesty,

integrity and ethical behaviour. In line with the TCoC, any

actual or potential violation, howsoever insignificant or

perceived as such, would be a matter of serious concern

for the Company. The role of the employees in pointing

out such violations of the TCoC cannot be undermined.

Pursuant to Section 177(9) of the Act, a vigil mechanism

was established for directors and employees to report to

the management instances of unethical behaviour, actual

or suspected, fraud or violation of the Company’s code of

conduct or ethics policy. The Vigil Mechanism provides a

mechanism for employees of the Company to approach the

Chief Ethics Counsellor/Chairman of the Audit Committee

of the Company for redressal. No person has been denied

access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee.

17. Risk Management

Your

Board

has

formed

a

Risk

Management

Committee to frame, implement and monitor the risk

management plan for the Company. The Committee

is responsible for monitoring and reviewing the risk

management plan and ensuring its effectiveness. The Audit

Committee has additional oversight in the area of financial

risks and controls. The major risks identified by the

businesses and functions are systematically addressed

through mitigating actions on a continuing basis.

Furthermore, your Company has set up a robust internal

audit function which reviews and ensures sustained

effectiveness of internal financial controls by adopting a

systematic approach to its work. The development and

implementation of risk management policy has been

covered in the Integrated Report (Pages 24-27).

Internal Financial Control Systems and their Adequacy

Your Company’s internal control systems are commensurate

with the nature of its business, the size and complexity

of its operations and such internal financial controls

with reference to the Financial Statements are adequate.

Your Company has implemented robust processes to

ensure that all internal financial controls are effectively

working. For details on internal financial control systems,

please refer Integrated Report (Page 26).

18. Details of Significant and Material Orders

No significant and materials orders were passed by the

regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going

concern status and your Company’s operations in future.

19. Statutory and Branch Auditors

Members of the Company at the AGM held on

23rd August 2017, approved the appointment of M/s. S R B C

& CO. LLP (SRBC) (ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/

E300003), as the statutory auditors of the Company for a

period of five years commencing from the conclusion of

the 98th AGM held on said date until the conclusion of

103rd AGM of the Company to be held in 2022.

The Company has in its Notice sought approval from

the Members for passing a resolution vide Item No.8

authorizing the Board to appoint Branch Auditors of

any Branch office of the Company, whether existing or

which may be opened/acquired, outside India, to act as

Branch Auditors.

20. Statutory Auditors’ Report

The standalone and the consolidated financial statements

of the Company have been prepared in accordance with

Ind AS notified under Section 133 of the Act.

The Statutory Auditor’s report does not contain any

qualifications, reservations, adverse remarks or disclaimers.

The Statutory Auditors were present in the last AGM.

21. Cost Auditor and Cost Audit Report

Your Board has appointed M/s. Sanjay Gupta and

Associates (Firm Registration No.000212), Cost Accountants,:

managing director

(“MD”)/executive directors (“ED”)/KMP/

rest of the employees1

o

The extent of overall remuneration should be

sufﬁcient to attract and retain talented and

qualified

individuals

suitable

for

every

role.

Hence remuneration should be:



Market competitive (market for every role is

defined as companies from which the company

attracts talent or companies to which the

company loses talent).



Driven by the role played by the individual.



Reflective of size of the company, complexity of

the sector/industry/company’s operations and

the company’s capacity to pay.



Consistent with recognized best practices.



Aligned to any regulatory requirements.

o

In terms of remuneration mix or composition:



The remuneration mix for the MD/EDs is as per

the contract approved by the shareholders.

In case of any change, the same would require

the approval of the shareholders.



Basic/fixed salary is provided to all employees

to ensure that there is a steady income in line

with their skills and experience.



In addition to the basic/fixed salary, the

company provides employees with certain

perquisites, allowances and benefits to enable

a certain level of lifestyle and to offer scope for

savings and tax optimization, where possible.

The company also provides all employees

with a social security net (subject to limits) by

covering medical expenses and hospitalisation

through re-imbursements or insurance cover

and accidental death and dismemberment

through personal accident insurance.



The

company

provides

retirement

benefits as applicable.



In

addition

to

the

basic/fixed

salary,

benefits,

perquisites

and

allowances

as

provided above, the company provides MD/

EDs such remuneration by way of commission,

calculated with reference to the net profits of

the company in a particular financial year, as

may be determined by the Board, subject to

the overall ceilings stipulated in Section 197

of the Act. The specific amount payable to

the MD/EDs would be based on performance

as evaluated by the Board or the NRC and

approved by the Board.



The company provides the rest of the employees

a performance linked bonus. The performance

linked bonus would be driven by the outcome

of the performance appraisal process and the

performance of the company.

•

Remuneration payable to Director for

services rendered in other capacity

The remuneration payable to the Directors shall be

inclusive of any remuneration payable for services

rendered by such director in any other capacity unless:

a)

The services rendered are of a professional nature;

and

b)

The NRC is of the opinion that the director

possesses requisite qualification for the practice of

the profession.

•

Policy implementation

The

NRC

is

responsible

for

recommending

the

remuneration policy to the Board. The Board is responsible

for approving and overseeing implementation of the

remuneration policy.

________________________________________________

1Excludes employees covered by any long term settlements

or specific term contracts. The remuneration for these

employees would be driven by the respective long term

settlements or contracts.:

letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility

of the management of the company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records.

The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe

that the processes and practices, we followed provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.

4.

Where

ever

required,

we

have

obtained

the

Management representation about the compliance of

laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited

to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the company.

For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

Practicing Company Secretaries

Makarand Joshi

Partner

FCS No. 5533

CP No. 3662

UDIN: F005533C000283140

Peer Review No: P2009MH007000

Place: Mumbai

Date: 12th May, 2021:

letter of even date which is annexed as

Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records.

The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe

that the processes and practices, we followed provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever

required,

we

have

obtained

the

Management representation about the compliance of

laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited

to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For Siddiqui & Associates

Company Secretaries

Place: New Delhi

K.O.SIDDIQUI

Date: 14th April 2021 FCS 2229; CP 1284

UDIN: F002229C000087041:

Managing Director

Chairperson, CSR Committee

(DIN: 01785164)

(DIN: 00207746)

Mumbai

12th May 2021:

Managing Director

50.90

b)

The percentage increase in remuneration of each

director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer,

Company Secretary or Manager, if any, in the financial year:

Name of Director and

Key Managerial Personnel

Percentage increase

in remuneration in

the financial year

Mr. N. Chandrasekaran $

N.A.

Ms. Anjali Bansal

20.22

Ms. Vibha Padalkar

12.58

Mr. Sanjay V. Bhandarkar

18.82

Mr. K. M. Chandrasekhar

21.11

Mr. Hemant Bhargava

28.23

Mr. Saurabh Agrawal #

N.A.

Mr. Banmali Agrawala #

N.A.

Mr. Ashok Sinha

64.17

Dr. Praveer Sinha, CEO and: Managing Director (KMP)

33.64

Mr. Ramesh N. Subramanyam,

Chief Financial Officer (KMP)

(5.57)

Mr. Hanoz M. Mistry,

Company Secretary (KMP)

0.01

$ As a policy, Mr. N. Chandrasekaran,

letter

on the ‘Implementation of Smart pre-payment meter/pre-

payment meter’. Vide the said: letter, Discoms are, inter alia,

required to provide all new connections through smart pre-

payment meters/pre-payment meters.

On 31st March 2021, the Ministry of Environment, Forest

and Climate Change (MoEFCC) issued the Environment

(Protection) Amendment Rules, 2021 to further amend

the Environment (Protection) Rules, 1986. The aforesaid

amendment specifies relaxed timelines for compliance

with the emission norms for thermal generating plants

that fall in different categories determined by a task force

constituted by the Central Pollution Control Board. Penal

provision in the form of Environmental Compensation

has been introduced if there is delay in completion of

installation of the emission control equipment.

Following are some of the important regulatory and policy

changes introduced in FY21:

Maharashtra:

• Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC)

notified the Consumer Grievance Redressal Forum &

Electricity Ombudsman Regulations, 2020, directing

the distribution licensees to establish a forum and web-

based portal for redressal of consumer grievances/

complaints. The forum shall take cognisance and

redress the grievances as per the priority order set out

in the regulations

y MERC notified the Electricity Supply Code and

Standards of Performance of Distribution Licensees

including Power Quality Regulations, 2021. As per

the said regulations, special system of supply, including

multiple source of supply for specific consumers, may be

adopted. Further, the regulations specify that the cost

of network for providing connection to an extra high

voltage consumer shall be borne by the Transmission

Licensee. The Commission vide the said regulations

has also directed that all the new connections shall be

released with smart meter or meter having the facility

of remote reading.

y MERC notified the State Grid Code, 2020 with the

aim to lay down the rules, guidelines and standards to

be followed by state entities and users of Intra-State

Transmission System (InSTS).

CERC & JSERC

• Jharkhand State Electricity Regulatory Commission

(JSERC)

notified

the

Multi Year Tariff (MYT)

Regulations, 2020, applicable for the control period

from FY22 to FY26, wherein the Hon’ble Commission

has mostly kept the financial norms like the CERC Tariff

Regulations 2019, except for few variations.

y CERC (Terms and Conditions of Tariff) (First

Amendment) Regulations, 2020.

CERC (Terms and Conditions of Tariff) (Second

Amendment) Regulations, 2021.

As envisaged in the Principal Regulations, the Central

Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) has amended

the Principal Regulations through First Amendment

dated 3rd February 2021, to specify the regulatory

framework including financial parameters, operational

parameters and recovery mechanism for determination

of supplementary tariff for emission control system

related to the Gencos covered under the jurisdiction of

the Commission [Section 62 projects].

The Second Amendment dated 19th February 2021 is

meant for the Genco that has integrated mines and

stipulates provisions pertaining to determination of

input price of coal or lignite from integrated mine.

Overview

Our Emphasis on Value

Our Value‑creation Paradigm

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

#Futureready: Empowering customers for tomorrow’s world 165

Managing Director (CEO &: Managing Director). The Code of Conduct for Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) and for

Independent Directors (IDs) carries explicit clauses covering avoidance of conflict of interest. Likewise, there are

explicit clauses in the TCoC prohibiting any employee - including the Managing Director (MD) and Executive Directors

(EDs) - from accepting any position of responsibility, with or without remuneration, with any other organisation

without the Company’s prior written approval. For MD and EDs, such approval must be obtained from the Board.

Board independence

and minority

shareholders’

interests

The TCoC, which defines the governance philosophy at Tata Power, emphasizes fairness and transparency to all

stakeholders. Shareholders can communicate any grievance to the Company Secretary’s office through a well-publicized

channel, where complaints are tracked to closure. The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee oversees the redressal of

these complaints. The Annual General Meeting (AGM) is another forum where they can interact with the Board.

Report On Corporate Governance

“The Tata philosophy of management has always been, and is today more than ever, that corporate enterprises must be

managed not merely in the interests of their owners, but equally in those of their employees, of the consumers of their products,

of the local community and finally the country as a whole.”

- Jamsetji N. Tata

Company’s Philosophy on Corporate

Governance

The essence of Corporate Governance is about maintaining

the right balance between economic, social, individual and

community goals. At Tata Power, good corporate governance

is a way of life and the way we do our business, encompassing

every day’s activities and is enshrined as a part of our way of

working. The Company is focused on enhancement of long-

term value creation for all stakeholders without compromising

on integrity, societal obligations, environment and regulatory

compliances. Our actions are governed by our values and

principles, which are reinforced at all levels of the organisation.

These principles have been and will continue to be our guiding

force in future.

For your Company, good corporate governance is a synonym

for sound management, transparency and adequate disclosure,

encompassing

good

corporate

practices,

procedures,

standards and implicit rules which propel a company to take

sound decisions. As a Company with a strong sense of values

and commitment, Tata Power believes that profitability must

go hand in hand with a sense of responsibility towards all

stakeholders. This is an integral part of Tata Power’s business

philosophy. The cardinal principles such as independence,

accountability, responsibility, transparency, trusteeship and

disclosure serve as means for implementing the philosophy of

Corporate Governance.

This philosophy is reflected and practised through the Tata Code

of Conduct (TCoC), the Tata Business Excellence Model (TBEM),

and the Tata Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading

and Code of Corporate Disclosure Practices. Further, these

codes allow the Board to make decisions that are independent

of the management. The Company is committed to focus its

energies and resources in creating and positively leveraging

shareholders’ wealth and, at the same time, safeguarding the

interests of all stakeholders. This is our path to sustainable and

profitable existence and growth.

The Company has adopted Governance Guidelines to cover

aspects related to composition and role of the Board,

managing director

in any listed entity, serves as an ID of more than 3 (three) listed entities. None of the Directors held directorship in more than

20 (twenty) Indian companies, with not more than 10 (ten) public limited companies.

None of the Directors is a member of more than 10 committees or acted as chairperson of more than 5 committees (being

Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, as per Regulation 26(1) of the Listing Regulations) across all the

public limited companies in which he/she is a Director. The necessary disclosures regarding committee positions have been

made by the Directors.

All IDs of the Company have been appointed as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and Listing Regulations.

The Chairman of the Company is a NED and not related to the CEO &: Managing

Managing Director is not an ID of any other listed company.

#Futureready: Empowering customers for tomorrow’s world:

Letter of appointment issued to Independent

Directors

The IDs on the Board of the Company are given a formal

appointment: letter inter alia containing the term of

appointment, role, duties and responsibilities, time

commitment, remuneration, insurance, code of conduct,

training and development, performance evaluation

process, disclosure, confidentiality, etc. The terms and

conditions of appointment of IDs are available on the

Company’s

website

at

https://www.tatapower.com/

pdf/investor-relations/Terms-&-conditions-of-IDs-

appointment.pdf.

xv. Information provided to the Board

During FY21, information as mentioned in Part A of

Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, has been placed

before the Board for its consideration.

xvi. Meeting of Independent Directors

During the year under review, two separate meetings

of the IDs were held on 18th December 2020 and 10th

March 2021. At the said meetings, the IDs discussed

strategic issues affecting the Company and updated

themselves on the sector outlook. They also reviewed the

performance of NEDs, of the Board as a whole and the

Managing Director and the

Executive Directors. In addition, the Company has adopted

a Code of Conduct for its Non-Executive Directors which

includes Code of Conduct for Independent Directors which

suitably incorporates the duties of Independent Directors

as laid down in the Act. All Board members and senior

management personnel have affirmed compliance with

their respective Code of Conduct. The CEO & Managing

Director has also confirmed and declared the same. The

declaration is reproduced at the end of this Report and

marked as Annexure I.

xix. Tata Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider

Trading & Code of Corporate Disclosure Practices

In accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015,

as amended from time to time, the Board of Directors

of the Company has adopted the Tata Code of Conduct

for Prevention of Insider Trading and Code of Corporate

Disclosure Practices (the Code).

Mr. Ramesh N. Subramanyam, Chief Financial Officer

(CFO) of the Company is the ‘Compliance Officer’ in

terms of this Code.

xx. Remuneration to Directors

Details of remuneration to NEDs during and for the

year under review:

(Gross Amount in ₹) Table 4

Sl.

No.

Name of

the Director

Sitting Fees paid

during FY21

Commission for

FY21*

1.

Mr. N. Chandrasekaran$

Chairman

3,30,000

N.A.

2.

Ms. Anjali Bansal

6,00,000

60,00,000

3.

Ms. Vibha Padalkar

5,70,000

65,00,000

4.

Mr. Sanjay V. Bhandarkar

5,70,000

65,00,000

5.

Mr. K. M. Chandrasekhar

5,40,000

60,00,000

6.

Mr. Ashok Sinha

5,10,000

65,00,000

7.

Mr. Hemant Bhargava@

3,60,000

50,00,000

8.

Mr. Saurabh Agrawal #

3,60,000

N.A.

9.

Mr. Banmali Agrawala #

3,90,000

N.A.

* Commission relates to the financial year ended 31st March

2021, which was approved by the Board on 12th May 2021, to be

paid during FY22.

$ As per the policy, Mr. N. Chandrasekaran has abstained from

receiving commission from the Company.

@ Sitting fees for attending meetings are paid to Mr. Bhargava and the

Commission is paid to LIC.

# In line with the internal guidelines, no payment is made towards

Commission to Mr. Saurabh Agrawal and Mr. Banmali Agrawala,

NEDs of the Company, who are in full-time employment with

another Tata company.

The NEDs are paid remuneration by way of Commission and

Sitting Fees. The distribution of Commission amongst the

NEDs is placed before the NRC and the Board. The Commission

payment for the financial year ended 31st March 2021 was

distributed based on the Company's performance and keeping

in mind the attendance of Directors at Board and Committee

meetings and their contribution at these meetings.

None of the NEDs had any pecuniary relationship or transactions

with the Company other than the Directors’ sitting fees and

commission, as applicable, received by them. The Company

reimburses the out-of-pocket expenses, if any, incurred by the

Directors for attending meetings.

#Futureready: Empowering customers for tomorrow’s world:

Managing Director during FY21:

(Gross Amount in ₹) Table 5

Name

Salary & allowances

Commission for

FY21@

Perquisites &

Benefits

Retirement

Benefits

Total

Dr. Praveer Sinha

1,51,47,000

4,50,00,000

84,99,320

26,24,400

7,12,70,720

@ Commission (variable component) relates to the financial year ended 31st March 2021, which was approved by the Board on 12th May 2021, to be paid

during FY22.

Salient features of the agreement executed by the Company with the CEO &: Managing Director:

Table 6

Terms of Agreement

Period of appointment

01.05.2018 to 30.04.2023

Remuneration

Basic salary upto a maximum of ₹ 15,00,000 p.m.

Commission

Within the limits stipulated under the Act.

Incentive Remuneration

Not exceeding 200% of basic salary.

Benefits, perquisites and allowances (excluding Company's

contribution to Provident Fund, Superannuation, Gratuity,

Leave Encashment)

As may be determined by the Board from time to time.

Notice period

The Agreement may be terminated by either party giving to the other party six

months' notice or the Company paying six months' remuneration in lieu thereof.

Severance fees

There is no separate provision for payment of severance fees.

Stock Option

Nil

Board Committees

The Committees constituted by the Board focus on specific

areas and take informed decisions within the framework

designed by the Board and make specific recommendations

to the Board on matters in their areas or purview. All decisions

and recommendations of the Committees are placed before

the Board for information or for approval, if required. To

enable better and more focused attention on the affairs of the

Company, the Board has delegated particular matters to the

Committees of the Board set up for the purpose.

The Board has seven committees as on 31st March 2021,

comprising five statutory committees and two non-statutory

committees that have been formed considering the needs

of the Company. Details of the statutory and non-statutory

committees are as follows:

❖ Statutory Committees

The Board has the following statutory Committees as on

31st March 2021:

(i) Audit Committee of Directors

(ii) Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(iii) Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

(iv) Stakeholders Relationship Committee

(v) Risk Management Committee

Audit Committee of Directors

The composition of the Committee as on 31st March 2021 and

attendance details of meetings during FY21, are as follows:

Table 7

Name of

the Director

No. of meetings

held during

FY21

No. of meetings

attended

Mr. Ashok Sinha,

Managing Director and COO & Executive Director.

•

To change the authorised signatories for all transactions,

contracts, agreement etc., entered into by the Company in

the ordinary course of business.

•

Grant authority to the Company’s officers to exercise

powers of a higher Work level under the Company’s

Schedule of Authorities.

The said matters were discussed in various Board meetings

held during the year under review in the presence of the

Committee of Directors with the intent to avail expertise of

all Board members.

General Body Meetings

a) The details of the last three AGMs of the Company:

Table 13

Year ended

Day, Date & Time

Venue

Special Resolutions passed

31st March 2020

Thursday, 30th July 2020

at 3 p.m. (IST)

Virtual Meeting through

Video Conferencing / Other

Audio Visual Means

•

Issuance of Equity Shares to Tata Sons Private

Limited, Promoter of the Company, on a Preferential

basis

31st March 2019

Tuesday, 18th June 2019

at 3 p.m. (IST)

Birla Matushri Sabhagar,

Sir Vithaldas Thackersey

Marg, 19, New Marine

Lines, Mumbai

400 020

• Nil

31st March 2018

Friday, 27th July 2018

at 3 p.m. (IST)

•

Private placement of Non-Convertible Debentures/

Bonds:

Managing Director on the compliance of same, is reproduced at the end

of this report and marked as Annexure I.

Details of establishment of Vigil

Mechanism, Whistle Blower policy,

and affirmation that no personnel

has been denied access to the Audit

Committee

Regulation

22

and

Schedule V (C) 10(c)

The Company has adopted a Whistle Blower Policy & Vigil Mechanism for

directors, employees and stakeholders to report concerns about unethical

behaviour, actual or suspected fraud or violation of the Company’s Code of

Conduct. The said policy has been posted on the Company’s website. The

Company affirms that no personnel have been denied access to the Chairman of

the Audit Committee of Directors.

https://www.tatapower.com/pdf/aboutus/whistle-blower-policy-and-vigil-

mechanism.pdf

Disclosures on materially significant

related party transactions that may

have potential conflict with the

interests of listed entity at large and

Web link for policy on dealing with

related party transactions

Regulation

23

and

Schedule V (C) 10(f)

There are no material related party transactions during the year under review

that have conflict with the interest of the Company. Transactions entered into

with related parties during the financial year were in the ordinary course of

business and at arm’s length basis and were approved by the Audit Committee of

Directors. Certain transactions, which were repetitive in nature, were approved

through omnibus route.

The Board has received disclosures from senior management relating to material,

financial and commercial transactions where they and/or their relatives have

personal interest. There are no materially significant related party transactions

which have potential conflict with the interest of the Company at large.

The policy on dealing with related party transactions adopted by the Company

is uploaded on the Company’s website.

https://www.tatapower.com/pdf/aboutus/rpt-policy-framework-guidelines.pdf

Subsidiary Companies

Regulation 24

The Audit Committee of Directors reviews the financial statements of subsidiaries

of the Company. It also reviews the investments made by such subsidiaries, the

statement of all significant transactions and arrangements entered into by the

subsidiaries, if any, and the compliances of each materially significant subsidiary

on a periodic basis. The minutes of board meetings of the unlisted subsidiary

companies are placed before the Board. Composition of the Board of material

subsidiaries is in accordance with Regulation 24(1) of the Listing Regulations.

Familiarisation Program

Regulation 25(7) read

with Regulation 46

Details of familiarisation program imparted to IDs are available on the Company’s

website.

https://www.tatapower.com/pdf/investor-relations/familiarisation-programme-

for-directors-20-21.pdf

Archival

Policy

and

Policy

on

Preservation of Documents

Regulation

30

and

Regulation 9

The Archival Policy and Policy on Preservation of Documents, adopted by the

Board, are uploaded on the Company’s website.

https://www.tatapower.com/pdf/aboutus/archival-policy.pdf

https://www.tatapower.com/pdf/aboutus/preservation-policy-documents.pdf

Policy

on

Determination

of

Materiality for Disclosures

Regulation 30

The Policy on determination of materiality for disclosures, adopted by the Board,

is uploaded on the Company’s website.

https://www.tatapower.com/pdf/aboutus/determining-policy.pdf:

Managing Director and the CFO made a certification

to the Board of Directors in the prescribed format for

the year under review, which has been reviewed by the

Audit Committee and taken on record by the Board. The

same is reproduced at the end of this report and marked

as Annexure II.

3.

The Company has obtained compliance certificate from the

Practising Company Secretaries on corporate governance.

The same is reproduced at the end of this report and

marked as Annexure III.

4.

Details of fees paid/payable to the Statutory Auditors and

all entities in the network firm/network entity of which

the Statutory Auditor is a part, by the Company and its

subsidiaries during the year, are given below:

(₹ in crore) Table 32

Particulars

By the

Company*

By

Subsidiaries*

Total

Amount

Statutory Audit

4.03

3.33

7.36

Other Services

0.38

1.57

1.95

Out-of-pocket

expenses

0.02

0.11

0.13

Total

4.43

5.01

9.44

* The above fees are exclusive of applicable tax.

5.

Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013:

The Company has always believed in providing a safe and

harassment-free workplace. The Company has complied

with the applicable provisions of the aforesaid Act, and

the rules framed thereunder, including constitution of

the Internal Complaints Committee. The Company has

in place an Anti-Sexual Harassment Policy in line with

the requirements of the Sexual Harassment of Women at

Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act,

2013 and the same is available on the Company’s website at

https://www.tatapower.com/pdf/aboutus/Sexual-harass-

policy.pdf.

All

employees

(permanent,

contractual,

temporary and trainees, etc.) are covered under this Policy.

Status of complaints as on 31st March 2021:

Table 33

Sl. No.

Particulars

Number of

Complaints

1.

Number of complaints filed during the

financial year

3

2.

Number of complaints disposed off during

the financial year

3

3.

Number of complaints pending at the end of

the financial year

0

6.

The Company has complied with all the requirements of

Corporate Governance Report as stated under sub-paras (2)

to (10) of section (C) of Schedule V to the Listing Regulations.

7.

The Company follows Indian Accounting Standards

(Ind-AS) in the preparation of its financial statements.

8.

As required under Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations

and the secretarial standards, particulars of Directors

seeking re-appointment at the forthcoming AGM are given

in the Notice of the AGM to be held on 5th July 2021.

9.

Directors and Officers Liability Insurance:

As per the provisions of the Act and in compliance with

Regulation 25(10) of the Listing Regulations, the Company

has taken a Directors and Officers Liability Insurance (D&O)

on behalf of all Directors including IDs, Officers, Managers

and Employees of the Company for indemnifying any of

them against any liability in respect of any negligence,

default, misfeasance, breach of duty or breach of trust for

which they may be guilty in relation to the Company.

Other Shareholder Information:

➢ Transfer of unclaimed/unpaid amounts to Investor

Education and Protection Fund:

In accordance with the provisions of Sections 124, 125 and

other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, read with

the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority

(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016

(hereinafter referred to as ‘IEPF Rules’) (including any

statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for

the time being in force), the amount of dividend remaining

unclaimed or unpaid for a period of seven years from the

date of transfer to the Unpaid Dividend Account is required

to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection

Fund (IEPF) maintained by the Central Government. In

pursuance of this, the dividend remaining unclaimed

in respect of dividends declared upto the financial year

ended 31st March 2013 have been transferred to the IEPF.:

Managing Director

DIN: 01785164

Mumbai, 12th May 2021

#Futureready: Empowering customers for tomorrow’s world:

Managing Director

Chief Financial Officer

(DIN:01785164):

Managing Director

b.

Details of BR Head

DIN No.

06716024

Name

Ms. Jyoti Kumar Bansal

Designation

Chief- Branding, Corp. Communications,

CSR & Sustainability

Contact

022 67171666

2.

a.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/ policies (Reply in Y/N)

Sl. No.Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

1

Do you have policy/policies for….

Yes

2

Has the policy been formulated in consultation

with relevant stakeholders?

Yes

3

Does the policy conform to any national /

international standards? If yes, specify.

Yes

Tata Power policies are based on the NVG principles and conform to the

International standards like ISO 9000, 14000, and 45001, UNGC principles, ILO principles

and United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Tata Power follows

GRI standards (Global Reporting Initiative) for measuring and reporting its sustainability

performance, reports to Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) on Climate Change and

Water and has also committed to Science based target Initiative (SBTi).

4

Has the policy been approved by the Board?

If yes, has it been signed by the MD /owner/CEO/

appropriate Board Director?

Policies are designed to ensure employee feedback, industry norms and legal norms

are met in true spirit. The policies have been developed as per the need and are duly

signed by the CEO &: Managing

Managing Director reviews the

sustainability performance of Tata Power once

every two months.

Fig. Sustainability Governance Structure

b.

Does

the

Company

publish

a

BR

or

a

Sustainability Report? What is the hyperlink for

viewing this report? How frequently it is

published?

Yes, Tata Power is publishing an Integrated Annual

Report for FY21 based on the IIRC framework.

The Company also published Sustainability Reports

in previous years in accordance with Global Reporting

Initiative (GRI) standards annually. These reports

can be viewed at https://www.tatapower.com/

sustainability/disclosures/iirc-alignment.aspx.

Section E: Principle-Wise Performance

Principle 1 (P1): Businesses should conduct and govern

themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability

1.

Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and

corruption cover only the company? Yes/ No.

Does it extend to the Group/Joint Ventures/ Suppliers/

Contractors/NGOs /Others?

Being a Tata Group company, Tata Power abides by the

TCoC, which is a comprehensive document with an

ethical road map for all internal and external stakeholders

of the Company, thus covering 100% of its operations.

Apex

leadership

SBU Heads

Corporate

Sustainability Team

Sustainability SPOCs

Thermal, T&D, Hydros, Renewables, HR,

CSR, Ethics, IA&RM, Environment, etc.

TCoC consists of 10 sections with sub-clauses that cover

employees, customers, communities and the environment,

value chain partners, financial stakeholders, governments

and group companies. The TCoC extends to Group Joint

Ventures/ Subsidiaries/Suppliers/Contractors.

2.

How many stakeholders’ complaints have been

received in the past financial year and what percentage

was satisfactorily resolved by the management? If so,

provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.

Stakeholder

Received in

FY20-21

Satisfactorily

resolved

by the

management (%)

Employees including

contract employees

54 from on roll

employees & 9 from

contract employees

97

Vendor

15

100

Company

0

NA

Society/ Community

0

NA

Customers

1

100

Investor

13

100

Principle 2 (P2): Businesses should provide goods and

services that are safe and contribute to sustainability

throughout their life cycle

1.

List up to 3 products or services whose design has

incorporated social or environmental concerns, risks,

and/or opportunities.

Tata Power is organised in four business clusters namely

Thermal Generation and Coal mining, Transmision &

Distribution, Renewables and New Businesses.

Generation: At all generating stations, conformance to

environmental norms, safety, occupational, health of the

employees (permanent/ contract) is considered a priority.

All thermal stations of Tata Power are IMS compliant.

Our renewable generation is focused on achieving growth

in an environmentally responsible and sustainable manner.

Tata Power commissioned around 50 MW of solar PV and

rooftop projects in FY21.

Transmission: Tata Power has always propagated the

importance of electrical safety awareness amongst

communities living in and around its operational areas.

As a responsible company, Tata Power takes utmost care of

the biodiversity around its transmission lines.

Distribution: Initiatives like Safety audits, Energy audits

in consumer premises, Club Enerji, energy efficient

appliance exchange Demand Side Management (DSM)

programs under ‘Be Green’ initiative creates awareness for

customers/ society at large on energy efficiency and its:

Managing Director

Director

ICAI Firm Registration No.324982E/E300003

DIN 01785164

DIN 00120029

per ABHISHEK AGARWAL

RAMESH SUBRAMANYAM

HANOZ M. MISTRY

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 112773

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021:

Managing Director

Director

ICAI Firm Registration No.324982E/E300003

DIN 01785164

DIN 00120029

per ABHISHEK AGARWAL

RAMESH SUBRAMANYAM

HANOZ M. MISTRY

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 112773

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021:

Managing Director

Director

ICAI Firm Registration No.324982E/E300003

DIN 01785164

DIN 00120029

per ABHISHEK AGARWAL

RAMESH SUBRAMANYAM

HANOZ M. MISTRY

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 112773

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021

Standalone Cash Flow Statement

for the year ended 31st March, 2021 (Contd.):

Managing Director

Director

ICAI Firm Registration No.324982E/E300003

DIN 01785164

DIN 00120029

per ABHISHEK AGARWAL

RAMESH SUBRAMANYAM

HANOZ M. MISTRY

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 112773

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021:

letter of credit on behalf of TP Ajmer Distribution Ltd of `106.17

crore (31st March, 2020 `105.00 crore) to Ajmer Vidyut Vitran Nigam Ltd as per the distribution franchisee agreement.

(h) The Company has given performance guarantee on behalf of Trust Energy Resources Pte. Ltd. to Maxpente Shipping

Corporation of USD 10 Million (` 73.11 crore) (31st March, 2020 USD 10 Million (` 74.88 crore) for its obligation under the

cost of affreightment contract.

The Company, in respect of the above mentioned contingent liabilities has assessed that it is only possible but not

probable that outflow of economic resources will be required.

39.

Other disputes

a.

In the previous year, the Company has recognised an expense of ` 276.35 crore net of amount recoverable from customers

including adjustment with consumer reserve in relation to Hon'ble Supreme Court's judgement on standby litigation.

Further in the previous year, Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) vide its order dated 30th March,

2020 had allowed the recovery of part of the standby charges amount from the consumers. During the year ended 31st

March, 2021, MERC vide its order dated 21st December, 2020, has revised its earlier order and disallowed the recovery

of the said amount. Consequently, the Company has recognized an expense of `109.29 crore (including carrying cost)

and disclosed as an exceptional item.

b.

In the earlier years, Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission has disallowed certain costs amounting to ` 419.00

crore (adjusted upto the current year) (31st March, 2020 `359.85 crore) recoverable from consumers in the tariff true

up order. The Company has filed appeal against the said order to Appellate Tribunal for Electricity which is pending for

final disposal.

c.

In an earlier year, Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission has disallowed carrying cost and other costs

amounting to `269.00 (31st March, 2020 `269.00) which was upheld by the Appellate Tribunal for Electricity (ATE). The

Company has filed Special Leave Petition (SLP) against the order of ATE with the Supreme Court which is pending for

final disposal.

38.

Contingent liabilities (Contd.):

Managing Director

3)

Banmali Agrawala

4)

Saurabh Agrawal

5)

Kesava Menon Chandrasekhar

6)

Ashok Sinha (w.e.f. 2nd May, 2019)

7)

Vibha U. Padalkar

8)

Anjali Bansal

9)

Sanjay V. Bhandarkar

10) Hemant Bhargava

11) Ramesh N. Subramanyam - Chief Financial Officer

12) Hanoz Minoo Mistry - Company Secretary

13) Deepak M. Satwalekar (ceased to be Director w.e.f.

12th August, 2019)

14) Nawshir H. Mirza (ceased to be Director w.e.f.

12th August, 2019)

15) Ashok Sethi (ceased to be COO and Executive Director

w.e.f. 30th April, 2019)

(e)

Relative of Key Managerial Personnel (where transactions

have taken place during the year or previous year /

balances outstanding) :

1)

Neville Minoo Mistry (Brother of Hanoz Minoo Mistry -

Company Secretary)

(f)

Details of Transactions:

` crore

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Subsidiaries

Associates

Joint

Ventures

key

Management

Personnel &

their relatives

Employee

Benefit

Funds /

Trust

Promoter

Group

Promoter

1)

Purchase of goods/power (Net

of Discount Received on Prompt

Payment)

64.49

-

-

-

-

0.90

-

62.39

-

-

-

-

-

-

2)

Sale of goods/power (Net of

Discount on Prompt Payment)

176.37

-

-

-

-

15.59

-

221.60

0.01

-

-

-

33.70

-

3)

Purchase of Property, Plant and

Equipments and Intangibles

86.07

0.70

-

-

-

7.82

-

1.20

12.84

-

-

-

0.22

-

4)

Sale of Property, Plant and

Equipments

0.02

-

-

0.00 #

-

0.68

-

-

0.05

-

-

-

-

0.07

5)

Rendering of services

127.57

7.59

83.48

-

-

9.11

2.38

102.33

7.17

39.76

-

-

8.58

1.25

6)

Receiving of services

9.84

12.46

0.06

0.18

-

40.93

0.33

4.03

13.55

0.80

0.01

-

27.02

0.42

7)

Brand equity contribution

-

-

-

-

-

-

18.21

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.87

41.

Related Party Disclosures (Contd.):

Managing Director

Director

ICAI Firm Registration No.324982E/E300003

DIN 01785164

DIN 00120029

per ABHISHEk AGARWAL

RAMESH SUBRAMANYAM

HANOZ M. MISTRY

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 112773

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021:

Managing Director

Director

ICAI Firm Registration No.324982E/E300003

DIN 01785164

DIN 00120029

per ABHISHEK AGARWAL

RAMESH SUBRAMANYAM

HANOZ M. MISTRY

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 112773

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021:

Managing Director

Director

ICAI Firm Registration No.324982E/E300003

DIN 01785164

DIN 00120029

per ABHISHEK AGARWAL

RAMESH SUBRAMANYAM

HANOZ M. MISTRY

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 112773

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021:

Managing Director

Director

ICAI Firm Registration No.324982E/E300003

DIN 01785164

DIN 00120029

per ABHISHEK AGARWAL

RAMESH SUBRAMANYAM

HANOZ M. MISTRY

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 112773

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended 31st March, 2021 (Contd.):

Managing Director

Director

ICAI Firm Registration No.324982E/E300003

DIN 01785164

DIN 00120029

per ABHISHEK AGARWAL

RAMESH SUBRAMANYAM

HANOZ M. MISTRY

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 112773

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021:

Letter of Credit of ₹ 453.83 crore (31st March, 2020 - ₹ 515.48 crore).

2. The carrying amount of trade receivable of ₹ 205.00 does not include receivables which are subject to a factoring arrangement. Under this

arrangement, the Group has transferred the relevant receivables to the factor in exchange for cash on non recourse basis. The Group, therefore,

has derecognised the said receivables under the factoring arrangement.

3. Trade receivables include receivables amounting to ₹ 80.17 crore (31st March, 2020 - ₹ 299.79 crore) and ₹ 83.28 crore (31st March, 2020 -

₹ 86.03 crore) from Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Limited (TANGEDCO) and Jaipur Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited,

respectively, which are subject to a ‘bill discounting arrangement’. Under this arrangement, the Group has transferred the relevant receivables

to the banks in exchange of cash and is prevented from selling or pledging the receivables. The cost of bill discounting is to the customer's

account. However, the Group has retained late payment and credit risk. The Group therefore continues to recognise the transferred assets in

their entirety in its financial statements. The amount repayable under the bills discounting arrangement is presented as unsecured/ secured

borrowing having recourse to the Group and interest liability on amount of bill discounted is borne by the customer. The maturity period of

the transfer is 6 to 9 months from the date of discounting.

6 c.

Other Investments (Contd.):

letter dated 23rd April, 2007 conveyed its decision to the

GNCTD upholding the Group’s view. As GNCTD has refused to accept the DERC decision as binding on it, the subsidiary

company has filed a writ petition in the Hon’ble Delhi High Court and the matter was made regular on 24th October,

2011. No stay has been granted by the High Court in the matter for refund of consumer security deposits and payment

of interest thereon.

d) i) The Group supply solar power to TANGEDCO against long term Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs). As per the said

PPAs, the Group is entitled to receive consideration for all energy units supplied and billed. However, whilst effecting

payments to the Group, TANGEDCO has disputed and is not making payment for energy units supplied and billed in

excess of 19% Capacity Utilisation Factor (CUF) in accordance with its internal circular.

The National Solar Energy Federation of India (NSEFI) has filed the writ petition with Madras High Court challenging

the said circular issued by TANGEDCO on behalf of generators who have commissioned solar power plants and

impacted by the said circular. The Tata Power Company Ltd., ultimate holding company of the group, is also a Member

of NSEFI and thereby party to petition filed by NSEFI. The TNERC has now issued Order dated 22nd December 2020 on

the petition filed by the NSEFI and decided the matter in favour of TANGEDCO. The Group has challenged the ruling

of TNERC at the Appellate Tribunal for Electricity (ATE) through NSEFI. Based on legal assessment, the management of

the Group is of the view that the claim of the Group for payment toward units supplied in excess of 19% CUF is entirely

tenable and it is confident of getting a favourable order.

Accordingly, the Group has a trade receivable balance of ₹ 90.85 crore (31st March, 2020 - ₹ 87.92 crore) for such excess

units as on 31st March, 2021. The Group has also recognised a revenue of ₹ 2.93 crore (31st March, 2020 - ₹33.20 crore)

for such excess units as on 31st March 2021. Considering signed PPA and its independent legal evaluation, the Group

believes that these amounts are fully recoverable along with interest and no provision has been recognized in the

consolidated financial statements.

ii) Trade Receivables include ₹ 363.57 crore ( 31st March, 2020 - ₹ 567.09 crore ) receivable from TANGEDCO including

₹ 80.17 crore ( 31st March, 2020 - ₹299.79 crore ) relating to bill discounting with recourse and ₹ 90.85 crore (31st March,

2020 ₹ 87.92 crore) pertaining to CUF adjustment as mentioned above. The Group is of the view that these receivables

are fully recoverable with late payment surcharge.

e) The Group entered into long-term Power Purchase Agreements (“PPAs”) of 200 MW wind and solar plant with the

Southern Power Distribution Company of Andhra Pradesh Ltd. (""APSPDCL"" or “APDISCOM”) to supply power that is

valid for a period of 25 years. The Government of Andhra Pradesh (the “GoAP”) issued an order (the “GO”) dated 1st July,

2019 constituting a High Level Negotiation Committee (the “HLNC”) for review and negotiation of tariff for wind and

solar projects in the state of Andhra Pradesh. Pursuant to the GO, APDISCOM issued letters dated 12th July, 2019 to the

Group requesting for revision of tariffs previously agreed as per the PPAs to ₹ 2.44 per unit. Since the Group and other

power producers did not agree to the rate revision, APDISCOM referred the matter to the Andhra Pradesh Electricity

Regulatory Commission (the “APERC”) for revision of tariffs.

37.

Other Disputes and Settlements (Contd.):

Managing Director

3)

Banmali Agarwala

4)

Saurabh Agrawal

5)

Kesava Menon Chandrasekhar

6)

Ashok Sinha (w.e.f. 2nd May, 2019)

7)

Vibha U. Padalkar

8)

Anjali Bansal

9)

Sanjay V. Bhandarkar

10) Hemant Bhargava

11) Ramesh N. Subramanyam - Chief Financial Officer

12) Hanoz Minoo Mistry - Company Secretary

13) Deepak M. Satwalekar (ceased to be Director w.e.f.

12th August, 2019)

14) Nawshir H. Mirza (ceased to be Director w.e.f.

12th August, 2019)

15) Ashok Sethi (ceased to be COO & Executive Director

w.e.f. 30th April, 2019)

(e)

Relative of Key Managerial Personnel (where transactions have taken place during the year and previous year /

balances outstanding) : Neville Minoo Mistry (Brother of Hanoz Minoo Mistry):

Managing Director

Director

ICAI Firm Registration No.324982E/E300003

DIN 01785164

DIN 00120029

per ABHISHEK AGARWAL

RAMESH SUBRAMANYAM

HANOZ M. MISTRY

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 112773

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021:

Managing Director

Director

DIN: 01785164

DIN: 00120029

RAMESH SUBRAMANYAM

HANOZ M. MISTRY

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 12th May, 2021.:

letter mentioning your Name, Folio

Number, complete address and following details

relating to Bank Account in which the dividend is

to be received:

i)

Name

and

Branch

of

Bank

and

Bank

Account type;

ii)

Bank Account Number and type allotted

by your bank after implementation of Core

Banking Solutions; and

iii)

11 digit IFSC Code.

b)

Self-attested copy of cancelled cheque bearing the

name of the Member or first holder, in case shares

are held jointly;

c)

Self-attested copy of the PAN Card; and

d)

Self-attested copy of any document (such as

Aadhaar Card, Driving License, Election Identity

Card, Passport) in support of the address of the

Member as registered with the Company.

13.

Members holding shares in electronic form may please

note that their bank details as furnished by the respective

Depositories to the Company will be considered for

remittance of dividend as per the applicable regulations

of the Depositories and the Company will not entertain

any direct request from such Members for change/

deletion in such bank details. Further, instructions, if any,

already given by them in respect of shares held in physical

form, will not be automatically applicable to the dividend

paid on shares held in electronic form. Members may,

therefore, give instructions to their DP regarding bank

accounts in which they wish to receive dividend.

14.

For Members who are unable to receive the dividend

directly in their bank accounts through ECS or any other

means, due to non-registration of the Electronic Bank

Mandate, the Company shall dispatch the dividend

warrant/Bankers’ cheque/demand draft to such Members,

through postal or courier services. In case of any

disruption of postal or courier services due to prevalence

of COVID-19 in containment zones, upon normalisation

of such services.

15.

As per Regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations, as

amended, securities of listed companies can be

transferred only in dematerialised form with effect

from 1st April 2019, except in case of request received

for transmission or transposition of securities. Further,

in terms of the Circular issued by the Securities and

Exchange Board of India dated 2nd December 2020,

31st March 2021 had been fixed as the cut-off date for

re-lodgement of transfer deeds and the shares that are

re-lodged for transfer shall be issued only in demat mode.

In view of this and to eliminate all risks associated with

physical shares and for ease of portfolio management,

members holding shares in physical form are requested

to consider converting their holdings to dematerialized

form. Members can contact the Company or Company’s

Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, TSR at csg-unit@

tpclindia.co.in for assistance in this regard.

16.

Members are requested to intimate changes, if any,

pertaining to their name, postal address, e-mail

address, telephone/mobile numbers, PAN, registering

of nomination and power of attorney, Bank Mandate

details such as name of the bank and branch details, bank

account number, MICR code, IFSC code, etc., to their DP in

case the shares are held in electronic form and to the RTA

in case the shares are held in physical form.

17.

To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are advised

to exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any

change in address or demise of any Member as soon as

possible. Members are also advised to not leave their

demat account(s) dormant for long. Periodic statement of

holdings should be obtained from the concerned DP and

holdings should be verified from time to time.

18.

As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, the facility

for making nomination is available for the Members in

respect of the shares held by them. Members, who have

not yet registered their nomination, are requested to

register the same by submitting Form No. SH-13. The said

form can be downloaded from the Company’s website

www.tatapower.com (under "Investor Relations" section).

Members are requested to submit the said form to their

DP in case the shares are held in electronic form and to

the RTA in case the shares are held in physical form.

19.

The format of the Register of Members prescribed by the

MCA under the Act, requires the Company/RTA to record

additional details of Members, including their PAN details,

e-mail address, bank details for payment of dividend, etc.

A form for capturing additional details is available on the

Company’s website www.tatapower.com (under "Investor

Relations" section). Members holding shares in physical

form are requested to submit the filled in form to the

Company or RTA in physical mode or in electronic mode

to csg-unit@tpclindia.co.in, as per instructions mentioned

in the form. Members holding shares in electronic form

are requested to submit the details to their respective DP

only and not to the Company or RTA.

20.

Members holding shares in physical form, in identical

order of names, in more than one folio, are requested:

Managing Director with

TPG Growth Private Equity. Earlier she was Global Partner

and India CEO with Spencer Stuart and co-led their Asia

Boards practice and a strategy consultant with McKinsey

and Co in New york. She started her career as an engineer.

Ms. Bansal serves as an Independent Non-Executive

Director on leading boards including Piramal Enterprises,

Tata Power, Voltas and Delhivery. She has previously

chaired the India board of women's world Banking and

was on the Advisory Board of the Columbia university

Global Centers, South Asia.

She is a charter member of TiE, and is closely associated

with NITI Aayog’s women Entrepreneurship Platform,

Digital solutions and the Atal Innovation Mission. She

has invested in and mentored various successful startups

including

Delhivery,

urbanClap,

Darwinbox,

Nykaa

and Lenskart.

She has been elected as President Bombay Chamber of

Commerce and Industry and serves on the CII National

Committee on Corporate Governance. As an active

contributor to the dialogue on corporate governance and

diversity, Ms. Bansal previously co-founded and chaired

the FICCI Center for Corporate Governance program for

women on Corporate Boards. She is a member of the

young Presidents Organization.

Ms. Bansal has a BE in Computer Engineering from Gujarat

university, a Masters in International Finance and Business

from Columbia university and the yPO Presidents Program

at Harvard Business School.

(ii) Ms. Vibha Padalkar is the: Managing

Managing Director of the leading

global IT solution and consulting firm. under

his leadership, TCS generated total revenues of

uS $16.5 billion in 2015-16 and consolidated its

position as the largest private sector employer in

India and the country’s most valuable company.

In addition to his professional career at Tata,

Mr. Chandrasekaran is a Director on the Board of

India's Central Bank, the Reserve Bank of India,

since 2016. He is on the International Advisory

Council of Singapore’s Economic Development

Board. He is the Chairman of Indian Institute of

Management Lucknow as well as the President of

the Court at Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru.

He is the member of Bocconi's International

Advisory Council and the Co-Chair India uS CEO

Forum. He is on the Board of Governors of New

york Academy of Sciences.

He

has

been

awarded

several

honorary

doctorates by leading universities in India and

internationally, including an honorary Doctor

of Letters from Macquarie university, Australia,

Doctor of Letters from the Regional Engineering

College, Trichy, Tamil Nadu, where he completed

a Masters degree in Computer Applications before

joining TCS in 1987.

Mr. Chandrasekaran is also the author of Bridgital

Nation, a ground-breaking book on harnessing

technological disruptions to bring Indians closer

to their dreams.

Ms. Anjali Bansal is the Founder of Avaana Capital

which invests in technology and innovation led

startups for catalysing returns and impact at scale.

Ms. Bansal is former Non-Executive Chairperson

of Dena Bank (now Bank of Baroda) appointed by

the Government of India to steer the resolution of

the stressed bank. She was earlier a global Partner

and: Managing

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer of HDFC Life Insurance

Company Limited (HDFC Life), a leading, listed life

insurer with assets under management in excess

of ₹ 1.7 trillion.

Prior to her appointment with HDFC Life, she

has worked in varied sectors such as Business

Process Management, Global FMCG and in a

Big 4 audit firm.

Ms. Padalkar is a Chartered Accountant from

England & wales and is also a member of the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

Mr. Sanjay V. Bhandarkar has over three decades

of corporate finance, advisory and investment

banking experience in the country. He is an

Independent Non-Executive Director on the

boards of three listed companies viz. The Tata

Power Company Limited, S Chand & Company

Limited and HDFC Asset Management Company

Limited since late 2016 and on the board of the

National Investment and Infrastructure Fund

Limited as a shareholder nominee. He has been

recently appointed as an Independent Non-

Executive Director on the boards of Tata Projects

Limited and Chemplast Sanmar Limited.

Mr. Bhandarkar is on the Investment Committee

("IC") of a SEBI registered seed capital fund called

Contrarian Vriddhi as an external IC member. The

fund has fully invested its corpus. He is also on

the IC of the uS $ 170 million South Asia Growth

Fund II of GEF Capital Partners as an external IC

member. He is on the advisory board of 1Crowd, a

seed capital stage online investing platform which

has also raised a SEBI approved fund for seed

stage investing.

He started his career with ICICI in 1990 and ISec,

the joint venture between ICICI and JP Morgan,

and then spent two years with Peregrine Capital.

He was part of the founding team of Rothschild

India in 1998 and played a key role in establishing

Rothschild as a well-recognised and respected

pure play advisory investment banking firm in

India. He led the Rothschild India business from

December 2005 to June 2016 when he stepped

down from his full-time role.

Mr. Bhandarkar’s focus at Rothschild was on M&A

as well as equity capital market advisory for Indian

and international companies. He led the teams

that worked closely with the Government of India

on the 3G and BwA spectrum auctions, the first

e-auctions done in India and on the restructuring

of the Enron and GE owned Dabhol power

project, one of the largest and most complex

restructurings to date.

He did his MBA from xLRI, Jamshedpur in 1990.

Qualifications

Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants

in England and wales.

Member

of

the

Institute

of

Chartered

Accountants of India.

Degree in Management from xLRI, Jamshedpur.:

letter

which has been submitted to the company separately. These observations do not affect our conclusion

presented in this statement.

Our conclusion

On the basis of our review scope and methodology, nothing has come to our attention that causes us not to

believe that the data has been presented fairly, in material respects, in keeping with the GRI Standards and

the Company’s reporting principles and criteria.

Our assurance team and independence

Our assurance team, comprising of multidisciplinary professionals, has been drawn from our climate change

and sustainability network and undertakes similar engagements with a number of significant Indian and

international businesses. As an assurance provider, EY is required to comply with the independence

requirements set out in International Federation of Accountants (IFAC) Code of Ethics for Professional

Accountants1. EY’s independence policies and procedures ensure compliance with the Code.

for Ernst & Young Associates LLP,

Chaitanya Kalia

Partner

10.06.2021

Mumbai

1 International Federation of Accountants (IFAC) Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants. This Code establishes ethical

requirements for professional accountants.:

Managing Director

MD&A

Management Discussion and Analysis

MERC

Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission

MFI

Micro Financing Institutes

MNRE

Ministry of New and Renewable Energy

MoEFCC

Ministry of Environment,

Forest and Climate Change

MPL

Maithon Power Limited

MRF

Material Recycle Facility

MRV

Measurement, Reporting and Verification

MS

Mild Steel

MSME

Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises

MT

Metric Tonne

MU

Million Unit

MW

Megawatt

MWh

Megawatt hour

NDC

Nationally Determined Contributions

NELCO

NELCO Limited

NGO

Non-Governmental Organisation

NHAI

National Highway Authority of India

NOx

Nitrogen Oxide

NTPC

NTPC Limited

NVG

National Voluntary Guidelines:

