Dear Shareholders,

Scaling New Heights

The Indian economy once again showcased resilience

and stability, amid various global challenges such as

synchronous monetary policy tightening, commodity

inflation, supply chain headwinds and slowing economic

growth in other major economies. As the global supply

chain situation improves, a number of structural changes

are being closely monitored. The Government of India’s

commitment to improve the productive capacity through

continued investments on infrastructure, logistics,

domestic manufacturing and making the country more

self-reliant will structurally spur economic growth and

encourage private sector investments. In a nutshell, the

Indian economy is in good shape, with strong tailwinds.

FY 2022-23 was a milestone year in the Indian telecom

industry with the launch of 5G services. We were able to

leapfrog into the 5G era, supported by visible ease of doing

business in the spectrum auction and allocation processes.

Airtel became a frontrunner in this next generation of

communication services, and created history by being the

first telecom operator to have launched its 5G services in

8 cities on the occasion of the India Mobile Congress’ 5G

launch by the Hon’ble Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi.

Our 5G solution is based on the most widely used global

technology architecture that offers the best coverage and

experience at the lowest Total Cost of Ownership (TCO).

India’s digital economy continues to grow at a strong pace

and Airtel has been investing heavily towards accelerating

the same. Along with giving Indian users a fiber-like speed

on their mobile phones, 5G promises to usher an era of

innovation and efficiency. Airtel is collaborating with top

enterprises engaged in manufacturing, mobility, healthcare,

logistics, and IoT, where 5G tech is becoming a catalyst

for digital disruption, creating new revenue streams in

the industry.

I am delighted to share that Airtel achieved the

highest-ever market share in India, across its segments,

be it in B2C or B2B businesses. Strong operating leverage

through continued focus on operational excellence

has resulted in robust operating cash flow generation.

This keeps us steady, and on the path towards making

our balance sheet stronger.

Mobile Services

Airtel ended yet another year on a strong note with

industry-leading revenue and EBITDA growth. The continued

focus on attracting high-value customers with bundled

offerings and superior experience yielded strong results,

with more than 23 million 4G and 1.8 million postpaid

customer additions during the year. In line with our strategy,

we acquired mid-band 5G spectrum at scale and added

some mid-band spectrum to fill the gaps in the existing pool.

There are already more than 31 million 5G-enabled

smartphones on Airtel's network, and this figure is

constantly growing. Equally significant is the fact that

Airtel’s 5G network is environment friendly, with a sharp

focus on our commitments to the ESG framework.

Non-mobility Services

In the Home Broadband and Airtel Business segments,

the Company achieved yet another new milestone with

the highest-ever revenue and EBITDA. This is a testimony

of the Company’s execution strength. With the renewed

strategy, the Digital TV business saw an increase in market

share despite headwinds. In Airtel Business, the strategy

to go wide and deep has delivered exceptional results in

select accounts, giving us the confidence to emulate this

success elsewhere. Investments in Data Centers, undersea

fiber cables and emerging digital offerings augur well for

the business in years to come. 5G will be the primary pivot

to drive growth by catalysing the 4th Industrial Revolution

through enterprise use cases. Home broadband is now

available in ~1,200 cities, with rollout being further

strengthened via local cable operator partnerships.

The Company added its highest-ever 1.6 million net

customers to surpass the 6 million customer base,

resulting in over 33% revenue growth.

Digital

Over the years, Airtel has built a suite of digital assets for its

customers. By leveraging cutting-edge digital technology

to develop next-generation digital platforms, products, and

services, the Company delivers an immersive experience

to customers. In FY 2022-23,, it launched digital financial

services and a telco-first co-branded Axis Bank credit card.

60% of all monthly customer payments across Mobility,

Broadband, and DTH, happen digitally/online. The portfolio

of digital offerings including Airtel Wynk, Airtel Thanks and

Xstream has seen monthly active users growing 4x over the

last 4 years, crossing the 200 million mark.

Partnerships

Airtel continues to have strong strategic collaborations

with industry leaders like Amazon, CISCO, Ericsson,

Google, IBM, Intel, Meta, Microsoft, Netflix, Nokia, Oracle,

Qualcomm and many more to deliver best-in-class

products and services to our customers and lead the

innovation revolution in the country.

Digital Enablement of Network Operations

With 5G and 4G running in Radio, networks are becoming

more complex, and Core networks are moving from

cloud-native to automated and orchestrated (MANO)

clouds. The transport network has multi-layer MPLS and

optical networks. Airtel has been building the right tools

and platforms to manage these complex network elements,

and they are used from network planning to deployment

and further for operations and end-to-end experience

management. Airtel networks have been ranked No. 1 in

many crowd-sourced independent benchmarking ratings,

and the tools have also been recognised at the global level.

In collaboration with its trusted long-term partners, the

Company successfully managed the global challenges

and procured the network supplies to support the ongoing

accelerated rollouts. In addition, it has developed an

ecosystem of suppliers, in which many of its partners

are now manufacturing indigenously.

ensure a sustainably strong and reliable network. We have

also established subsidiary company structures for data

center and fiber businesses.

Balance Sheet

Strong operating free cashflows amid accelerated

investments on 5G and rural rollout supported the

Company’s debt reduction in FY 2022-23. It took a

prudent decision to make an upfront payment for the

5G spectrum acquired in August 2022 and availed four

years of moratorium. Airtel is well capitalised to fund

future investment needs through internal accruals.

Corporate Social Responsibility

Digital is at the heart of everything that Airtel does. This

is also amply evident in the measurable strides taken by

the Bharti Foundation in enabling the use of technology

in it schools and through various initiatives. Children from

Satya Bharti Schools participated in the World Robotics

Championship, Technoxian 6.0, where they competed with

students from schools in India and abroad. Furthermore,

it has been heartening to see how a number of alumni

have also been gainfully employed at Airtel.

Sustainability and Governance

To drive its long-term sustainability vision, Airtel has been

following a robust ESG framework. There is a unique

window of opportunity for businesses to incorporate

sustainability at the core. Such efforts will only accelerate

macro level progress towards achieving net-zero targets

and contribute to the wider climate action efforts. India

has been at the forefront of mobilising activity on the

green transition agenda, and mitigating climate change.

A holistic green growth model can catalyse new industries,

create new jobs and drive trillions of dollars of economic

value. Achieving this transformative agenda requires

strong collaborations between the government and private

sector. The Company upholds the highest standards of

governance backed by full transparency and disclosures.

Vote of Thanks

I extend my sincere gratitude to our Board of Directors,

management, resilient employees and esteemed

customers, partners, suppliers, the entire distribution

network and our valued shareholders for their continued

support and confidence.

Sunil Bharti Mittal

Chairman

Over the years, Airtel has built a suite

of digital assets for its customers.

By leveraging cutting-edge digital

technology to develop next-generation

digital platforms, products, and services.

Africa

With consistent focus on serving customer needs, Airtel

Africa delivered a strong financial performance despite

global economic challenges, shining a spotlight on our

resilient business model. In FY 2022-23, we successfully

reduced hard currency debt, helping to mitigate the risk of

foreign exchange volatility. Leverage remained extremely

comfortable at 1.4x, broadly flat from the previous year.

This was achieved alongside substantial investments in

4G and 5G spectrum in key markets to be ready to meet

the growing opportunity in data. Almost 90% of capex

investment was directed to growth initiatives that help

13

12

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2022-23

Bharti Airtel Limited

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Management Discussion & Analysis:

Dear Shareholders,

If you look back, the reputation of our

industry has been built on the back

of the billions of dollars invested to

create a digital backbone, that has

enabled the country to stay connected.

Airtel alone has invested USD 50 Bn+.

99 percent of India is now covered

with high speed 4G networks. Whole

industries have been built on the

back of 4G–be it ride sharing, food

delivery, e-commerce, video streaming,

payments, all of them.

5G will change all of this yet again. 5G is indeed a

supercomputer connected to the cloud, and will drive a

plethora of use cases and business models. This will involve

massive IoT deployments, synced with computing power at

the edge, with applications riding on top to create tangible

business benefits. All of this will be enabled by the high

speed, low latency connectivity which 5G provides. Studies

indicate 5G can boost the GDP by up to 2%. India is already

seeing among the fastest deployments of 5G the world has

seen. We already have 97 million mobile phones which are

5G enabled–this will grow manifold, to 500 million within

next four years.

At Airtel, we have made the bold choice of going with

Non-Standalone technology for 5G (vs Standalone).

This helped us avoid the expensive 700 MHz spectrum,

and is working well in terms of customer experience.

We are already present in 3,500+ cities and towns, and

we are targeting to cover all urban areas and some key

villages with 5G by March 2024. We are also working with

our ecosystem partners to bring new 5G use cases to

enterprise customers.

As we look ahead, our strategy remains simple and

consistent. Focus on winning quality customers and

be obsessed about improving customer experience.

Underpinning this are our core enablers. Bring the power

of Airtel through a unified view of the customer, backed

by an integrated channel approach. Accelerate our digital

capabilities to drive velocity and agility in our operations

and build new digital services revenue streams. Do this with

extreme financial prudence, while waging a war on waste.

This strategy has continued to deliver results for us.

I have captured some highlights below.

Quality Customers

We continued to maintain our focus on acquiring and

retaining quality customers. We added 23.3 million 4G

customers to our network. We enjoy a premium position

in the industry and increased our ARPU to D193 in Q4

FY 2022-23, which was the highest in the industry. A key

priority for us is to expand our footprint in rural areas

where we are not present.

On Broadband, we continued to gain momentum and

delivered our highest ever net adds of 1.6 million. On DTH,

we gained market share despite broader industry softness.

I have always said that B2B is the jewel in our portfolio. In

FY 2022-23, we drove market share growth and continued

to be the trusted partner of choice for both Large

Enterprises as well as emerging businesses. Importantly,

the new digital products we have bet on–Cloud, IoT, CPaaS,

Security–saw significant growth.

Brilliant Customer Experience

Delivering exceptional experience continues to be the

cornerstone of our strategy. We initiated a radical reset

on our delivered experience by undertaking actions to

fix problems structurally across the Search-Discover-

Purchase-Onboard-Experience-Refer flywheel.

First, we launched major initiatives to elevate our network

experience. For example, we identified 3,000 high priority

geographic catchments to dramatically improve our mobile

network experience. Similarly, in Broadband, we defined

fundamental network design changes, including reducing

the length of the wire from the pole to the customer’s

house, since longer wires are more prone to faults.

Second, we started revamping customer journeys across

our channels to be more intuitive. Further, we expanded

our network coverage and capacity by adding 37,492

sites and 7.9 million Fiber home passes to elevate the

customer experience.

Accelerate Digital

Airtel has built a strong digital foundation over the years.

We have a three layered business model. The first layer is

our Digital infrastructure. This is the highway that drives

much of India’s economic and digital activity. The second

layer is our Digital experience, which sits above Digital

infrastructure. The third layer, sitting atop our Digital

experience, is our Digital services. These include our Digital

Business such as Airtel Finance, Wynk (music streaming),

Nxtra (Data Centers), Airtel IQ (CPaaS business), Airtel

Payments Bank and Airtel Ads.

A major thrust for us this year is to move from a product-

based approach to a platform-based approach across our

digital experience layer. As part of this, we are developing

four key platforms: Buy – ability to buy any product on

any channel with consistent experience; Bill – simple,

converged bill across Airtel services; Pay – for any service

on any channel in an intuitive manner; and Serve – raise

a complaint and get resolution for any product on any

channel. These platforms will help improve customer

experience across the entire customer flywheel of

Search-to-Refer, as well as velocity across our business.

War on Waste

This year saw continued pressures on cost. We continued

our War on Waste and relooked at every cost to manage

these headwinds. For example, a major area where we

realised savings was on network cost where we reviewed

each and every site to identify pockets of savings, be it

from usage of alternate power sources like solar, asset

optimisation or commercial renegotiation with our

partners. Such initiatives enabled us to continue delivering

improved margins and gave us more operating leverage.

ESG

We are deeply conscious of our responsibility to the

environment and our obligation to the society at large.

Our Board appointed ESG Committee as well as a

management council that drives our ESG initiatives have

been driving the agenda with vigour. The reduction of

carbon foot print is now deeply embedded across both

Nxtra as well as our wireless networks with a number of

initiatives underway. For example, we are ramping up

solarisation of our mobile network sites. We continue

working towards our plans of making Nxtra fully green.

We have a strong safety and diversity agenda for the

Company as well. Our Integrated Report spells out our

initiatives for environment sustainability and community

development. Our efforts are being recognised as well, for

example, we won the ‘ICSI National Award for Excellence in

Corporate Governance, 2022’, presented by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India. Our ESG ratings from CDP

and MSCI agencies have improved as well.

In closing, I would like to thank our customers, our people,

our partners and our shareholders for their support and

faith in us. We seek your continued support in our journey.

Gopal Vittal: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

Nationality

Indian

Age

56 years

DIN

02291778

Date of appointment

February 01, 2013

Tenure on Board

~10 years

Term ending on

January 31, 2028

Shareholding

1,002,381 shares (0.02%)

No. of directorships in

other Indian public companies

2

Directorships in

other Indian listed companies

Indus Towers Limited, Non-Executive,

Non-Independent

Committee memberships and

chairpersonships in other

Indian public companies

Member: Nil

Chairperson: Nil

Areas of expertise

Strategic Leadership

and Management

Financial and

Risk Management

Technology

Governance

Industry and Sector Experience

Sustainability and ESG

Global Business/

International Business

Audit Committee

HR & Nomination

Committee

Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee

Stakeholder Relationship

Committee

Risk Management

Committee

Environmental, Social and

Governance (ESG) Committee

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Member

 Member

 Member

 Member

 Member

 Member

Audit Committee

HR & Nomination

Committee

Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee

Stakeholder Relationship

Committee

Risk Management

Committee

Environmental, Social and

Governance (ESG) Committee

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Chairman

 Member

 Member

 Member

 Member

 Member

 Member

Mr. D.K. Mittal

Independent Director

Nationality

Indian

Age

70 years

DIN

00040000

Date of appointment

March 13, 2014

Tenure on Board

~9 years

Term ending on

March 12, 2024

Shareholding

Nil

No. of directorships in

other Indian public companies

8

Directorships in

other Indian listed companies

• Balrampur Chini Mills Limited,

Non-Executive, Independent

• Max Financial Services Limited,

Non-Executive, Independent

• Max Ventures and Industries

Limited, Non-Executive,

Independent

• Trident Limited, Non-Executive,

Independent

Committee memberships and

chairpersonships in other

Indian public companies

Member: 2

Chairperson: 5

Areas of expertise

Strategic Leadership

and Management

Financial and

Risk Management

Technology

Governance

Industry and Sector Experience

Sustainability and ESG

Public policy

Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan

Independent Director

Nationality

Indian

Age

58 years

DIN

02102783

Date of appointment

March 30, 2019

Tenure on Board

4 years

Term ending on

March 29, 2024

Shareholding

238 shares (0.00%)

No. of directorships in

other Indian public companies

Nil

Directorships in

other Indian listed companies

Nil

Committee memberships and

chairpersonships in other

Indian public companies

Member: Nil

Chairperson: Nil

Areas of expertise

Strategic Leadership

and Management

Financial and

Risk Management

Industry and Sector Experience

Governance

Global Business/

International Business

Sustainability and ESG

 Profile available here

 Profile available here

 Profile available here

 Profile available here

Notes:

(1) Above details have been provided as on March 31, 2023 in accordance with the Regulation 26 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015. Membership and chairpersonship of only the Audit Committee and the Stakeholders' Relationship Committee across all public

companies are considered.

(2) Chairpersonship of the Committee is not included in the count of membership of the Committee.

Notes:

(1) Above details have been provided as on March 31, 2023 in accordance with the Regulation 26 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015. Membership and chairpersonship of only the Audit Committee and the Stakeholders' Relationship Committee across all public

companies are considered.

(2) Chairpersonship of the Committee is not included in the count of membership of the Committee.

17

16

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2022-23

Bharti Airtel Limited

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Management Discussion & Analysis:

Managing Director to engage

functions and partners to manage the

risks. They are also responsible for the

identification of risks and escalating

them to the central teams for

agreement on mitigation plans.

Scanning the entire

business environment -

internal and external, for

identifying potential risks

Classifying the various

risks in terms of

probability, impact

and nature

Developing objective

measurement

methodology for

such risks

Fixing accountability of

people and positions to

implement the mitigating

action plans

Reviewing the progress

of action plans,

taking stock of gross

and net exposures

and mandating

corrective actions

Approving resources,

including budgets for

risk management

Listing and prioritising

the key risks to be

addressed and managed

Agreeing on detailed

action plans to manage

key risks

Reporting progress to

the Board and Audit

Committee/Risk

Management Committee

Reporting on specific

issues to the Audit

Committee/Risk

Management Committee

At Airtel, our Board and leadership team proactively

address potential disruptions to ensure smooth business

operations. Our robust risk management framework

encompasses strategic, legal, financial, operational, and

climatic risks. We employ a rigorous process to identify

critical risks across the organisation and develop relevant

action plans for mitigation, fostering a reliable and secure

business environment.

53

52

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2022-23

Bharti Airtel Limited

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Management Discussion & Analysis:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

103

102

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2022-23

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Management Discussion & Analysis

Bharti Airtel Limited

Corporate Overview

103

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2022-23

102:

Managing Director to

engage functions and partners to manage the risks.

They are also responsible for the identification of risks

and escalating them to the central teams for agreement

on mitigation plans.

a.

Scanning the entire business environment - internal and external, for identifying potential risks.

b.

Classifying the various risks in terms of probability, impact and nature.

c.

Developing objective measurement methodology for such risks.

d.

Fixing accountability of people and positions to implement the mitigating action plans.

e.

Agreeing on detailed action plans to manage key risks.

f.

Listing and prioritising the key risks to be addressed and managed.

g.

Approving resources, including budgets for risk management.

h.

Reviewing the progress of action plans, taking stock of gross and net exposures and mandating

corrective actions.

i.

Reporting progress to the Board and Risk Management Committee.

j.

Reporting on specific issues to the Risk Management Committee.

Risk identification process

Risk and Mitigation Framework

The key risks that may impact the Company are:

Potential risks

Risk definition

1.

Regulatory and Political Uncertainties

The macro-environment in India, Sri Lanka, and 14 African countries is marked by volatility,

uncertainty, and geopolitical tensions.

2.

Economic Uncertainties

Business operations in our countries of operations may be affected by economic instability,

which can be attributed to factors such as inflation, interest rates, capital controls, and currency

fluctuations.

3.

Poor quality of networks and information

technology including redundancies and

disaster recoveries

Network infrastructure costs are susceptible to risks arising from technical failures, human errors,

and natural disasters. Additionally, the ever-evolving IT landscape necessitates continuous

technology upgrades.

4.

Fiercely competitive battleground

The business faces the possibility of unprecedented disruption and unfair pricing, which

could result in increased competition and a decline in revenue along with customer attrition.

Furthermore, evolving customer expectations concerning quality, variety, features, and pricing

pose a significant threat to the long-term sustainability of the business.

5.

Data Loss Prevention

The risk of data loss may result in the inadvertent exposure of confidential information on all

endpoint devices.

6.

Increase in cost structures ahead of

revenues thereby impacting liquidity

The business may experience an increase in operating expenses due to factors such as new site

rollouts and capacity expansion. Additionally, rate increases caused by inflation, foreign exchange

impacts, wage hikes, energy costs, and other factors could also contribute to higher expenses.

7.

Inability to provide high quality network

experience with exponential growth in

data demand

Telecom companies must invest in innovation to align with the evolving industrial landscape. This

is crucial to deliver a high-quality customer experience and meet the rising demand for stronger

and more reliable network connectivity.

8.

Gaps in internal controls

Failure to maintain adequate internal controls and process compliances can result in wastages,

fraud, and financial losses. Moreover, it has the potential to negatively affect the reputation of the

Airtel brand.

9.

Lack of Digitisation and Innovations

The rapid evolution of technology can influence business functionality and potentially cause a

slowdown in operations.

10.

Climate Change

The escalating carbon footprint poses a significant concern that raises questions about the

long-term credibility and sustainability of the business.

Risk and mitigation framework

At Bharti Airtel, we have achieved global success by fostering a culture of innovation and high performance. Our Company

continually explores new markets and business models worldwide, seeking fresh ways to engage with customers and

stakeholders. We establish strategic partnerships, embrace new technologies, and enhance efficiencies in existing

systems to unlock a wealth of possibilities. However, we also recognise that such endeavors come with potential risks and

uncertainties in the ever-changing business landscape. It is essential to swiftly identify and address any distress signals to

ensure smooth operations. To mitigate these risks, we have developed a robust risk management framework that covers

strategic, legal, financial, operational, and climatic risks in our operating landscape. This framework enables us to handle

challenges with urgency, safeguarding our business and ensuring its sustained growth.

 Read more on detained definitions and mitigation actions on Page 52 of the Risk Management chapter in the Integrated Report.

145

144

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2022-23

Bharti Airtel Limited

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Management Discussion & Analysis:

message from Managing Director & CEO Mr. Gopal Vittal. Please refer page 14 of IR.

8. Details of the highest authority responsible

for implementation and oversight of the

Business Responsibility policy (ies).

Yes

ESG Committee, comprising of following directors:

•

Nisaba Godrej, DIN: 00591503, Independent Director and Chairperson of

ESG Committee

•

Dinesh Kumar Mittal, DIN: 00040000, Lead Independent Director

•

Gopal Vittal, DIN: 02291778,: Managing

Managing Director and CEO. It identifies ESG priorities, goals and targets. Develops

processes, systems, controls and standard operating procedures to achieve ESG targets.

• Airtel conducts a materiality assessment and stakeholder engagement exercise to identify and reassess economic,

environmental, and social (ESG) topics that are significant to its business.

• During the exercise, Airtel engages with key internal and external stakeholders to gather their concerns and views,

which are incorporated into the materiality assessment process to prioritise ESG topics.

• Insights obtained from the stakeholder engagement are analysed to develop the materiality matrix, which helps

finalise the list of ESG topics for Airtel.

• The Sustainability function presents the results of this assessment to the ESG Council and ESG Committee of the Board.

• The identified ESG topics are considered while defining the ESG targets and initiatives of the Company.

The ESG committee meeting provides us with an opportunity to share feedback with the Board on these consultations.

For more details on our stakeholder consultation process, please refer to page 42 of the Materiality Assessment &

Stakeholder Engagement section of our Integrated Report (IR).

2.

Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental,

and social topics (Yes / No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders

on these topics were incorporated into policies and activities of the entity.

Yes, Airtel engages in consultation with key stakeholders as a component of its materiality assessment exercise, aiming

to identify and prioritise environmental and social concerns.

Based on the stakeholder feedback received, Airtel has implemented various policy and process reforms and defined

ESG objectives in the last two years.

• Airtel has set science-based targets for reducing carbon emissions and is working on a decarbonisation and climate

resilience plan.

• The Company has reviewed and reinforced its long-term ESG targets, with a focus on important topics such as

resource efficiency, talent development, community development, network quality, and customer satisfaction.

• Airtel has introduced a Diversity & Inclusion Charter and has set goals to increase diversity in its workforce.

• The Company is conducting training and awareness sessions for its suppliers to improve ESG practices in its

value chain and has strengthened its ESG guidelines for suppliers and business partners as part of its sustainable

procurement process.

3.

Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable/

marginalised stakeholder groups.

Airtel, through its CSR implementing agency Bharti Foundation, has undertaken various initiatives to engage with and

address the issues of marginalised communities, which are highlighted below:

• Under the Satya Bharti School Program, Bharti Foundation provides free quality school education to nearly 39,000

students (50% girls and 76% from socially marginalised communities) through 173 schools across five states.

The majority of the teaching staff, support staff, and mid-day meal vendors in the school are also from similar

socio-economic communities. Bharti Foundation is also providing scholarship support for higher education add

meritorious passing out from the Satya Bharti Sr. Secondary Schools.

• Replicating the learnings and best practices of the Satya Bharti School Program, Bharti Foundation is transforming

government schools across 11 states/UTs through Quality Support Program (QSP). QSP has covered 1,256 government

schools since its inception and the majority of them are located in rural areas. The focus of the program is to enhance

the schooling experience through various co-scholastic and life-skill activities. The program is currently working with

808 schools and impacting over 3 lakh students (50% girls and 56% from socially marginalised communities).

• Community campaigns are an integral part of both Satya Bharti School Program and QSP. Students undertake

awareness campaigns on the issues such as water, sanitation & hygiene, environment, girl child, anti-tobacco, and

alcohol, etc.

For more details on our development programs for vulnerable/marginalised communities, please refer to page 62 of our

Integrated Report.

163

162

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2022-23

Bharti Airtel Limited

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Management Discussion & Analysis:

Managing Director & CEO), will retire by rotation at

the ensuing AGM and being eligible, has offered himself

for re-appointment. The Board, on the recommendation

of the HR & Nomination Committee, recommended his

re-appointment at the ensuing AGM.

ii.

Appointment and re-appointment of Independent

Director

Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan (DIN: 02102783) will

be completing her present term as Independent

Director of the Company on March 29, 2024. On the

recommendation of the HR & Nomination Committee

and subject to the approval of the shareholders, the

Board has approved her re-appointment as Independent

Director for a further term of five consecutive years w.e.f.

March 30, 2024 upto March 29, 2029.

Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan fulfils the conditions specified

under the Act and the Listing Regulations and is independent

of the management. Accordingly, the Board recommends

her re-appointment, for the approval of the members.

During the FY 2022-23, Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha

(DIN: 00145126) and Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee (DIN:

03024803) were appointed as Independent Directors

on the Board with effect from May 18, 2022 to hold

office for a term of five consecutive years i.e. upto

May 17, 2027. Their appointment was approved by

the members in the 27th AGM of the Company held on

August 12, 2022.

In the opinion of the Board, all the directors, including

the directors appointed/ re-appointed during the year,

possess the requisite qualifications, experience, expertise,

proficiency and hold high standards of integrity.

Brief resume, nature of expertise, disclosure of

relationship between directors inter-se, details of

directorships and committee memberships held in other

companies of the directors proposed to be appointed/

re-appointed, along with their shareholding in the

Company, as stipulated under Secretarial Standard

2 and Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations, are

appended as an Annexure to the Notice of the 28th AGM.

iii.

Retirements and resignations of Independent

Director(s)

Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi tendered his resignation as

Independent Director w.e.f. the close of business hours

on October 31, 2022, to devote time towards new full

time professional responsibilities. He further confirmed

that there was no material reason for his resignation

other than the one mentioned above.

Mr. Manish Kejriwal retired from the Board w.e.f. the

close of business hours on September 25, 2022, upon

completion of his second term as Independent Director of

the Company.

The Board places on record its sincere appreciation for

the valuable contribution made by Mr. Priyadarshi and

Mr. Kejriwal.

Save and except the above, there was no change in

the Directors or KMPs of the Company during the year

under review.

Declaration by Independent Directors

Pursuant to Section 149(7) of the Act, the Company has

received declarations from all Independent Directors

confirming that they meet the criteria of independence as

specified in Section 149(6) of the Act, as amended, read

with Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the

Listing Regulations. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the Listing

Regulations, the Independent Directors have confirmed that

they are not aware of any circumstance or situation which

exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or

impact their ability to discharge their duties with an objective

independent judgement and without any external influence

and that they are independent of the Management.

The Independent Directors have also confirmed that they

have complied with the Company’s Code of Conduct and that

they are registered on the databank of Independent Directors

maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs. The

Directors have further confirmed that they are not debarred

from holding the office of director under any SEBI order or

any other such authority.

The Board of Directors of the Company have taken on record

the aforesaid declaration and confirmation submitted by the

Independent Directors.

Board

Diversity

and

Policy

on

Director’s

Appointment and Remuneration

The Board of Directors values the significance of diversity

and firmly believes that diversity of background, gender,

geography, expertise, knowledge and perspectives, leads

to sharper and balanced decision-making and sustainable

development. At Airtel, we recognize the importance of

diversity and inclusion in our boardroom, and we strive to

maintain a diverse composition that reflects the richness

of the global community we serve. The Company has an

eminent, high-performing and diverse board – comprising

~27% Women Directors.

In terms of the requirement of Section 178 of the Companies

Act and Listing Regulations, the Board of Directors has

adopted ‘Policy on Nomination, Remuneration and Board

Diversity’ on appointment and remuneration of Directors,

Key Managerial Personnel & Senior Management. The Policy

includes, inter-alia, criteria for appointment of Directors, KMPs,

Senior Management Personnel (KMP) and other covered

employees, their remuneration structure and disclosures in

relation thereto, total rewards package for: Managing Director

& CEO and relevant members of Senior Management which is

linked with sustainability targets and long term performance of

the Company. The deferred/ variable remuneration (including

Long Term incentive) of KMPs and members of Senior

Management is subject to malus/clawback arrangements.

The policy is available on the Company’s website at https://

assets.airtel.in/teams/simplycms/web/docs/BAL-policy-on-

nomination-remuneration-and-board-diversity.pdf.

Annual Board Evaluation

The Board works with HR & Nomination Committee and lays

down a structured framework – process, format, attributes,

criteria and questionnaires for the performance evaluation of

the Board, its Committees and individual directors including

the

Managing Director & CEO. A certificate of compliance

with all applicable laws and regulations along with the:

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure-A to this report and

forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on the random test basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide

a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on the random test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

FRN: P1988DE002500

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1428/2021

Dr. S. Chandrasekaran

Senior Partner

Membership No. FCS No.: 1644

Date: May 16, 2023

Certificate of Practice No: 715

Place: Delhi

UDIN: F001644E000285323

Annexure B

Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Activities

1.

Brief outline of the Company’s CSR policy:

(i) Key Objectives

Airtel is committed to long-term sustainable value

creation by aligning its social activities with its business

objectives. Giving back to the very community that

helps our business thrive and sustain, has been our

priority since inception. As a good corporate citizen,

we have been actively undertaking community

development and nation building initiatives towards

creation of a prosperous society by collaborating with

diverse stakeholders. We believe in pursuing wider

socio-economic and cultural objectives and have always

endeavoured to not just meet, but try and exceed the

expectations of the communities in which we operate.

(ii) Focus Areas

Bharti Airtel’s CSR and welfare activities center around

the following areas but are not limited to:

• Promoting education including special education,

employment enhancing vocation skills especially

among children and livelihood enhancement projects;

• Promoting gender equality, empowering women,

setting up homes and hostels for women and

orphans, setting up old age homes, day care centers

and such other facilities for senior citizens and

measures for reducing inequalities faced by socially

and economically marginalised groups;

• Eradicating hunger, poverty and malnutrition,

promoting preventive health care and sanitation; and

• Supporting technology incubators located within

academic institutions.

For detailed overview, please refer the CSR policy of

the Company available at: https://www.airtel.in/about-

bharti/equity/corporate-governance/policies.

(iii) CSR Activities

Airtel has been an early adopter of CSR initiatives. Bharti

Foundation, the philanthropic arm of Bharti Enterprises,

was established in the year 2000, with the objective of

transforming the lives of children and youth to help them

achieve their potential by proactively implementing and

supporting programs for quality education and skill

development. Bharti Foundation is a key partner for

undertaking development programs for Airtel and its

subsidiaries/ joint ventures. It acts as an institutionalized

body towards uplifting communities by supporting

holistic education programs, with an enhanced focus

on digital inclusion.

The programs of Bharti Foundation are aligned with

Sustainable Development Goals - Quality Education,

Gender Equality, Clean Water and Sanitation and

Partnership for the Goals. The initiatives of Bharti

Foundation synergize with National Programs and

Government Missions such as Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan,

National Education Policy, Beti Bachao Beti Padhao

Yojana, National Nutrition Mission and Swachh

Bharat Abhiyan.

Its flagship initiative, the Satya Bharti School program

provides quality education to disadvantaged children,

free of cost, with special focus on the girl child. Learnings

from the Satya Bharti Schools have empowered Bharti

Foundation to undertake partnerships with government

schools at a large scale. Through its programs, Bharti

Foundation aims to create a lasting and sustainable

impact on the communities. Bharti Foundation is

constantly working towards finding innovative solutions

through its primary, elementary and senior secondary

schools, to create replicable and scalable initiatives.

IMPACT ON COMMUNITY BY BHARTI FOUNDATION SINCE INCEPTION

2.8 Mn+

Community

members impacted

~3 Mn

Students impacted

1.50 Lakhs+

Teachers impacted

27,000+

Schools impacted

18,500+

Villages impacted:

Managing Director & CEO)

2

2

3.

Web-link(s) to access the Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects approved by

the board:

• Composition of CSR Committee is available at:

https://www.airtel.in/about-bharti/equity/corporate-governance

• CSR Policy is available at:

https://assets.airtel.in/teams/simplycms/web/docs/Bharti_Airtel-Updated_CSR_Policy_June2021.pdf

• CSR Annual Action Plan for FY 2022-23 is available at:

https://assets.airtel.in/teams/simplycms/web/docs/Equity-Annual-Action-Plan-01122021.pdf

• Charter of CSR Committee is available at:

https://assets.airtel.in/teams/simplycms/web/docs/Charter-Document-CSR-Committee.pdf

4. Executive Summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in

pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable:

Provisions of Rule 8(3) of the Companies (CSR Policy) Rules, 2014 w.r.t. Impact Assessment are not applicable on the CSR projects undertaken

by the Company during the FY 2022-23.

5.

S.

No.

Particulars

Amount

(in E Million)

(a)

Average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135

(63,544)

(b)

Two percent of average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135

Nil

(c)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years

102.53*

(d) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any

Nil**

(e)

Total CSR obligation for the financial year (5b+5c- 5d)

Nil

*In terms of Rule 7(3) of Companies (CSR) Rules, 2014, a company is entitled to avail set-off of excess CSR contribution made in immediate preceding

three financial years (commencing from financial year 2020-21) against the CSR obligation of the Company in current financial year. During the

financial years 2020-21 and 2021-22, the Company had voluntarily spent H86.10 Mn and H16.43 Mn respectively, which is available for set-off.

**In terms of applicable provisions of Section 135 of Companies Act, 2013, the Company was not required to make any CSR contribution

during the FY 2022-23. Hence, the Company had not availed set-off during the FY 2022-23.

6.

(a) Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project): H6.48 Mn#

(b) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: Nil

(c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Not applicable for the FY 2022-23

(d) Total amount spent for the financial year (6a+6b+6c): H6.48 Mn

(e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:

Total Amount Spent

for the financial year

(in E Mn)

Amount Unspent (in E Mn)

Total Amount transferred to Unspent

CSR Account as per section 135(6)

Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule

VII as per second proviso to section 135(5)

Amount

Date of transfer

Name of the Fund

Amount

Date of transfer

6.48#

Not applicable

Not applicable

# The direct subsidiaries of the Company have contributed H225 Mn and associates/ joint venture entities have contributed H976.80 Mn

towards various CSR activities, which is in addition to the voluntary CSR contribution of H6.48 Mn by the Company under (Section 135

of Companies Act, 2013) and a contribution of H14.70 Mn made by the Company to various other charitable institutions during the FY

2022-23.

(f) Excess amount for set off, if any

S.

No.

Particulars

Amount

(in E Mn)

(i)

Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5)

Nil

(ii)

Total amount spent for the financial year

6.48*

(iii)

Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]

6.48

(iv)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years, if any

102.53

(v)

Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)]

109.01**

*Owing to losses in immediate three (3) preceding financial years, the Company is not mandatorily required to spend any amount

towards CSR activities in terms of Section 135 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013 for the FY 2022-23. However, the Company, on voluntary

basis, has contributed H6.48 Mn towards CSR activities during the FY 2022-23.

**In terms of Rule 7(3) of Companies (CSR) Rules, 2014, a company is entitled to avail set off of excess CSR contribution made in

immediate preceding three financial years (commencing from financial year 2020-21) against the CSR obligation of the Company

in current financial year. During the financial years 2020-21, 2021-22 and 2022-23, the Company has voluntarily spent H86.10 Mn,

H16.43 Mn and H6.48 Mn respectively which shall be available for set off in succeeding financial years.

7.

Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three Financial Years:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

S.

No.

Preceding

Financial

Year(s)

Amount

transferred to

Unspent CSR

Account under

sub-section

(6) of section

135 (in E)

Balance

Amount in

Unspent CSR

Account under

sub-section

(6) of section

135 (in E)

Amount

Spent

in the

Financial

Year

(in E)

Amount transferred to a

Fund as specified under

Schedule VII as per second

proviso to sub-section (5)

of section 135, if any

Amount

remaining

to be spent

in the

succeeding

Financial

Year (in E)

Deficiency,

if any

Amount

(in E)

Date of

Transfer

1

F.Y.-1

Not applicable*

2

F.Y.-2

Not applicable*

3

F.Y.-3

Not applicable*

*Owing to losses in immediate three (3) preceding financial years, the Company was not obligated to make CSR contribution under Section

135(5) of Companies Act, 2013 for the financial year 2019-20, 2020-21 and 2021-22. However, being socially responsible, the Company had

voluntary contributed H316.19 Mn, H86.10 Mn and H16.43 Mn in financial year 2019-20, 2020-21 and 2021-22 respectively.

8.

Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility

amount spent in the Financial Year: Yes

If Yes, enter the number of Capital assets created/acquired: One.

During the FY 2022-23, the Company had contributed H3 Mn to Bharti Foundation towards construction of “School of

Future Technologies” (the “School”) at Anant National University, Gujarat. The said contributed amount of H3 Mn has

been utilised towards designing the structure (Architecture Fee) of the School. The capital asset is in the initial phases

of construction designing.

Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social

Responsibility amount spent in the Financial Year:

S.

No.

Short particulars of the

property or asset(s)

[including complete address

and location of the property]

Pincode

of the

property

or

asset(s)

Date of

creation

Amount

of CSR

amount

spent

Details of entity/ Authority/ beneficiary of the

registered owner

CSR Registration

Number, if

applicable

Name

Registered address

1.

School of Future

Technologies

Address:

Anant National University,

Sanskardham Campus,

Bhopal-Ghuma-Sanand

Road, Ahmedabad,

Gujarat-382115, India

382115

Not Applicable.

The School is

in the initial

phases of

construction

H3 Mn

CSR00002869

Anant

National

University*

Sanskardham

Campus, Bhopal-

Ghuma-Sanand

Road, Ahmedabad,

Gujarat-382115

* Sponsoring body of Anant National University is Laxman Gyanpith, a registered Trust under Gujarat Public Trusts Act, 1950.:

Managing Director & CEO)

(Chairperson, CSR Committee)

Annexure C

Independent Auditor’s Certificate on Corporate Governance

To,

The Members,

Bharti Airtel Limited

This certificate is issued in accordance with the terms of our

engagement: letter dated October 12, 2022.

We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants, the

Statutory Auditors of Bharti Airtel Limited (“the Company”),

have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance by the Company, for the year ended on March

31, 2023, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b)

to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of

the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (the Listing Regulations).

Management’s Responsibility

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is

the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility

includes the design, implementation and maintenance of

internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance

with the conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated

in Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures

and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for

ensuring compliance with the conditions of the Corporate

Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion

on the financial statements of the Company.

We have examined the books of account and other relevant

records and documents maintained by the Company for

the purposes of providing reasonable assurance on the

compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by

the Company.

We have carried out an examination of the relevant records

of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note

on Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the

Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI), the

Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the

Companies Act 2013, in so far as applicable for the purpose

of this certificate and as per the Guidance Note on Reports

or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the ICAI which

requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the

Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements

of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control

for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical

Financial Information and Other Assurance and Related

Services Engagements.

Opinion

Based on our examination of the relevant records and

according to the information and explanations provided to

us and the representations provided by the Management, we

certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of

Corporate Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27

and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of

Schedule V of the Listing Regulations during the year ended

March 31, 2023.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the

affairs of the Company.

For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP

Chartered Accountants

FRN: P1988DE002500

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W / W-100018)

Nilesh H. Lahoti

Partner

Date: May 16, 2023

(Membership No. 130054)

Place: New Delhi

(UDIN: 23130054BGYYXW5296)

Managing Director & CEO

168,434,184

10.39

183.48

Non-executive directors

3.

Ms. Chua Sock Koong

5,049,339

10.86

5.50

4.

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal

3,000,000

Nil

3.27

5.

Mr. Tao Yih Arthur Lang

5,049,339

10.86

5.50

Independent Directors

6.

Mr. D.K. Mittal

12,500,000

(8.76)

13.62

7.

Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan

11,892,135

17.16

12.95

8.

Mr. Manish Kejriwal#

3,482,192

*

*

9.

Ms. Nisaba Godrej

6,600,000

2.90

7.19

10.

Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha#

61,91,781

*

7.64

11.

Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi#

7,757,891

*

10.14

12.

Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee#

5,791,781

*

*

13.

Mr. V. K. Viswanathan

9,100,000

(10.78)

9.91

Key Managerial Personnel other than Executive Directors

14.

Mr. Pankaj Tewari, Company Secretary

16,588,050

9.78

17.95

15.

Mr. Soumen Ray, CFO (India & South Asia)

50,168,723

*

30.68

#Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha and Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee were appointed as Independent Directors of the Company w.e.f. May 18, 2022.

Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi resigned w.e.f. October 31, 2022 as an Independent Director of the Company and Mr. Manish Kejriwal retired from the

Board on September 25, 2022.

*since the remuneration of these Directors/ KMP is only for the part of the current year/previous year hence the ratio of their remuneration to

median and increase in remuneration is not comparable.

ii.

The percentage increase in the median

remuneration of the employees in the financial year:

The percentage increase in the median remuneration of

employees in FY 2022-23 was 7.4%.

iii.

The number of permanent employees on the roll of

the Company: There were 13,708 employees on the

rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2023.

iv.

Average percentage increase already made in the

salaries of employees other than the managerial

personnel in FY 2022-23 and its comparison

with the percentage increase in the managerial

remuneration and justification thereof: The average

increase in the remuneration of employees, excluding

remuneration of KMPs, during FY 2022-23 was 7.4% and

the average increase in the remuneration of KMPs and

managerial personnel was 5.13%. The compensation

structure and revision in the remuneration of the

employees and the KMPs is guided by our reward

philosophy, external competitiveness and benchmarking

and is as per the compensation and appraisal policy of

the Company. The remuneration is within the overall

limits approved by the shareholders of the Company.

The increase in the remuneration of KMPs (other than

executive Directors) is in line with the market practice.

v.

Affirmation that the remuneration is as per

the remuneration policy of the Company: The

remuneration of Directors was as per the policy on

nomination, remuneration and Board diversity of

the Company.

For and on behalf of the Board

Date: May 16, 2023

Sunil Bharti Mittal

Place: New Delhi

Chairman

Annexure F

Notes:

1.

The value of performance linked incentive (PLI) in

remuneration of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)

represents incentive @ 100% performance level.

For effective comparison, the PLI component of

their remuneration for FY 2022-23 has also been

considered @ 100% performance level.

2.

Remuneration of Employees and KMPs does not

include perquisite value of stock options exercised

during FY 2022-23.

3.

There has been no change in the remuneration

of Mr. Sunil Bharti Mittal, Chairman from last year.

The change reflecting above is due to change

in the perquisite value, which is within the limits

approved by the shareholders. During FY 2022-23,

he has received the remuneration of GBP 2.20 Mn

from overseas subsidiary of the Company, Network

i2i (UK) Limited.

4.

The remuneration of Mr. Gopal Vittal and Mr. Pankaj

Tewari excludes perquisite value of H137,857,311/-

and H3,548,276/- respectively towards exercise of

stock options during FY 2022-23. The remuneration

of Mr. Soumen Ray, CFO excludes the one time

payout of H33,566,667/- during FY 2022-23.

5.

The remuneration paid to Independent Director

also includes sitting fees of H100,000/- per Board/

Committee meeting attended by them during the

FY 2022-23.

6.

Change in remuneration of Non-Executive

Directors vis-à-vis previous year, if any, is due to

change in their committee membership, meetings

attended, sitting fee paid and change in foreign

exchange rates.:

Managing Director

& CEO: Since 2013, the positions of the Chairman of the

Board and the: Managing Director & CEO at Airtel are held by

separate individuals.

While the

Managing Director & CEO, was

re-appointed for a further period of five years w.e.f.

February 1, 2023 upto January 31, 2028.

Changes in the Board subsequent to the FY 2022-23:

On the recommendation of HR & Nomination Committee,

Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan has been re-appointed as

Independent Director by the Board for a further period of five

years w.e.f. March 30, 2024 upto March 29, 2029, subject to

approval of members in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

The profiles of the Board members comprising their details

of nationality, DIN, age, date of appointment, tenure on the

Board, term-ending date, shareholding, directorships in

Indian listed companies and committee memberships etc. as

required under Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations

and Secretarial Standards-2, are provided under ‘Board of

Directors’ section of this Integrated Report. Except Mr. Sunil

Bharti Mittal and Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal, who are brothers,

none of the Directors are relatives of any other director.

Key Board skills, expertise and competencies

The Board at Airtel represents a confluence of diverse

backgrounds with skills, experience and expertise in critical

areas like technology, global finance, telecommunication,

entrepreneurship, administrative services and public policy,

strategic leadership, governance, consulting and general

management. Majority of the Board members have worked

extensively at senior management positions in global

corporations and others are business leaders of repute with

a deep understanding of the global business environment.

The Board reviews its composition, skills and diversity

from time to time to ensure that it remains aligned with the

statutory as well as business requirements.

Following skills/ expertise/ competencies have been identified by the Board for its effective functioning. The Board comprises

qualified members who collectively bring in identified skills/ expertise/ competencies.

Strategic Leadership

and Management

Experience in guiding

and leading management

teams, strategic planning,

understanding of organisational

systems & processes and

appreciation of long-term

trends/ choices

Technology

Background in technology

and innovation, anticipation

of technological trends,

experience of creation of new

business ideas or models

Industry and Sector

Experience

Knowledge and experience

in telecom sector to provide

strategic guidance to the

management in fast changing

environment

Financial and Risk

Management

Wide-ranging financial skills,

experience of corporate

accounting, internal controls

and reporting and ability to

monitor the effectiveness

of the risk management

framework and practices

Governance

Experience in developing

governance practices,

protecting best interest of

stakeholders, maintaining

board and management

accountability and oversight of

compliance, corporate ethics

and values

Global Business/

International Expertise

Experience of leading

large organisations having

international/ global

businesses including

marketing, supply chain and

understanding of multiple

geographies and cross-cultural

business environment

Public Policy

Understanding of legal &

regulatory landscape, national/

global policy developments

and its impact on dynamic

business environment

Sustainability and ESG

Experience in overseeing/

leading the sustainability

and ESG matters of large

organisations including the

matters of Corporate Social

Responsibility

The Board members broadly possess the identified skills/ competencies and the core domain expertise of each director is

provided in ‘Board of Directors’ section of this Integrated Report.

Board Membership Criteria and Selection Process

Designated Committee

for nomination/ selection

HR and Nomination Committee

is responsible for evaluating

and selecting a suitable

candidate for appointment as

Board member.

Well-defined and

Structured process

The Committee follows a well-

defined and structured process/

criteria under Policy on Nomination,

Remuneration & Board Diversity

and makes recommendations to

the Board.

Comprehensive discussions

at the Board on eligible

candidates

The Board considers the

recommendations of the

Committee and recommends

the appointment of new Board

member, to the Shareholders

for their approval.

The HR & Nomination Committee inter-alia considers & evaluates various criteria and leverages difference

in following factors while making recommendations to the Board:

a)

Background including professional experience, education, culture & geography and accomplishments;

b)

Skills, attributes, capabilities, knowledge and thought to exercise sound judgement;

c)

Time commitment;

d)

Understanding of the sector(s) & industry(ies) in which Company operates including Telecommunication

sector; and

e)

Expertise in marketing, technology, finance & other disciplines relevant to the Company’s business.

Independent Directors

The Independent Directors are the Board members who

are required to meet baseline definition and criteria on

‘independence’ as set out in Regulation 16 of Listing

Regulations, Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013

read with rules and Schedule IV thereto and other applicable

regulations. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of Listing Regulations,

Independent Directors of the Company have confirmed that

they are not aware of any circumstance or situation, which

exist or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or

impact their ability to discharge their duties.

Accordingly, based on the declarations received from all

Independent Directors, the Board of Directors has confirmed

that Independent Directors of the Company fulfill the

conditions specified in the Companies Act, 2013 and Listing

Regulations and are independent of the management.

Further, the Independent Directors confirmed that they have

enrolled themselves in the Independent Directors’ Databank

maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs. As

mentioned earlier in this report, the Board includes Six (6)

Independent Directors as on March 31, 2023.

The Company issues formal: letter of appointment to the

Independent Directors at the time of their appointment/

re-appointment. The terms and conditions of the appointment

of Independent Directors are available on the Company’s

website at https://s3-ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/bsy/

iportal/images/Terms-and-conditions-of-appointment-of-

Independent-Director_71431EDE0A09885D5A367A04374

E5FB5.pdf.

Lead Independent Director

In line with its well-defined and structured Board governance

process, the Company follows the practice of appointing a

Lead Independent Director. During the year ended March 31,

2023, Mr. D.K. Mittal was designated as the Lead Independent

Director w.e.f. September 26, 2022 upon retirement of

Mr. Manish Kejriwal as an Independent Director.

The roles and responsibilities of Lead Independent Director

are as follows:

a)

Preside over all deliberations/ sessions/ quarterly

meetings of the Independent Directors.

b)

Provide objective feedback of the Independent Directors

as a group to the Board on various matters, including

agenda and other matters relating to the Company.

c)

Liaise between the

Managing Director & CEO are also

invited occasionally to these meetings to generally discuss

and update about strategic matters. The Lead Independent

Director updates the Audit Committee/ the Board about the

outcome/ proceedings of the meetings and action, if any,

required to be taken by the Company.

In these meetings, the Independent Directors also engage

with Statutory Auditors as well as Internal Assurance Partners

at least once a year, to discuss internal audit effectiveness,

control environment and their general feedback. The

Independent Directors also have access to Secretarial

Auditor, Cost Auditor and the management for discussions

and questions, if any.

During FY 2022-23, the Independent Directors met four times

i.e. on May 17, 2022, August 08, 2022, October 31, 2022 and

February 07, 2023.

Familiarisation programme for Board members

The Company has adopted a well-structured induction

programme for orientation and training of Directors at the

time of their joining so as to provide them with an opportunity

to familiarise themselves with the Company, Board, its

management, its operations including its products and

services, business model, values and Company’s culture and

the industry in which the Company operates.

The induction programme includes one-to-one interactive

sessions with the top management team, business and

functional heads among others and generally also includes

a visit to network center(s) to understand the operations

and technology. They are also familiarised with Company’s

organisational and governance structure, Governance

philosophy/ principles, Code of Conduct & key policies,

Board’s way of working & procedures, formal information

sharing protocol between the Board and the management,

Directors’ roles and responsibilities and disclosure obligations.

Apart from the induction programme, the Company

periodically presents updates at the Board/Committee

meetings to familiarise the Directors with the Company’s

strategy, business performance including Company’s digital

ecosystem, product offerings, finance, risk management

framework, human resources and other related matters. The

Board members also visit Airtel outlets and meet customers/

other stakeholders for gaining first-hand experience about

the products and services of the Company.

Highlights of Board engagements during the FY 2022-23

a)

Board Engagement and Industry Specific familiarisation: The Board had a deeper engagement with the

management vide quarterly sessions with the Senior Management covering areas including update on 5G

implementation strategy, consumer business and overall talent management strategy including an overview of

impactful career development interventions etc.

b)

Dubai Leadership Strategy Conclave: The Company organised a Board Strategy Meeting and Leadership

Conclave for the Board and senior management in Dubai to have detailed deliberations on Company’s strategy, key

business priorities, strategic risks and execution challenges for the achievement of Company’s long-term vision.

The Board has an active communication channel with the

management, which enables Board members to raise queries

and seek clarifications, enabling a good understanding of

the Company and its various operations. Quarterly updates,

strategic updates including press releases and mid-quarter

updates are regularly shared with the Board members to keep

them abreast on significant developments in the Company.

Details of the Familiarisation programme for the Independent

Directors are available on the Company’s website at https://

assets.airtel.in/teams/simplycms/web/docs/familiarization-

programme.pdf

Performance Evaluation

a)

Objective

At Airtel, we believe that Annual Board Evaluation is a

key pillar of our Corporate Governance framework. The

Board firmly believes that an effective Board Evaluation

helps in delivering greater value to the Company and

all its stakeholders. This involves a comprehensive

and transparent assessment, providing candid

feedback and constructively using the outcome of the

evaluation process to continuously enhance the overall

effectiveness of the Board and optimise the individual

strengths of the Board members.

b)

Overview of Evaluation process and mechanism

The Board works with HR & Nomination Committee and

lays down a structured framework - process, format,

attributes, criteria and revised questionnaires for the

performance evaluation of the Board, its Committees

and individual directors including the Chairman and

MD & CEO, keeping in view the Board priorities and

best practices.

The process provides that the performance evaluation shall be carried out on an annual basis. During the year, the

Directors completed the evaluation process, which included evaluation of the Board as a whole, Board Committees

and individual directors including the Chairman and the MD & CEO. The evaluation process was facilitated online by a

leading independent consulting firm. The consolidated reports on outcome were submitted by the consulting firm to

the Board through the Company Secretary.

The results of evaluation were discussed in the Independent Director’s meeting, followed by Committee meetings and

Board Meeting held later during the same day. All Directors participated in the performance evaluation process.

(c) Evaluation Criteria

Board of Directors

Evaluation by the Board on various criteria such as structure, composition, quality, diversity, experience, competencies,

performance of specific duties and obligations, quality of decision- making, board practices and overall effectiveness of

Board including its time devotion towards strategy, governance and compliance.

Board Committees

Evaluation by the Board and Committees after seeking inputs from the committee members on the basis of criteria such

as committee composition, effectiveness of committee in terms of well-defined charters & powers and information-flow

with the Board in terms of reporting and due consideration of Committees’ decisions, findings and recommendations

at the Board level.

Individual Directors

Evaluation by the Board on criteria such as meeting attendance, time devotion and contribution, engagement with

colleagues on the Board, preparedness for meetings, quality of inputs, entrepreneurial leadership, ability to bring

different perspectives/ new ideas and independent judgement, knowledge, skills, competence etc. All the directors

were subject to peer-evaluation.

Chairman and: Managing Director & CEO

Evaluation of

Managing Director & CEO and

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Mittal, Independent Director.

The Company Secretary or in his absence Deputy

Company Secretary acts as a secretary to

the Committee.

During FY 2022-23, the Committee met twice i.e. on

May 17, 2022 and March 10, 2023.

The composition of the Committee and attendance of members at the Committee meetings held during FY 2022-23, are

given below:

Name of the director

Date of CSR Committee meeting

Held during

tenure

Total

attended

% of attendance

May 17, 2022

March 10, 2023

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal,

Chairperson

2

2

100%

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Mittal

2

2

100%

Mr. Gopal Vittal

2

2

100%

Attendance (%)

100%

100%

Attended through video conference

100%

ATTENDANCE AT THE CSR COMMITTEE

MEETINGS DURING FY 2022-23

b) Brief responsibilities of the CSR Committee

The brief responsibilities of the CSR Committee include

the following:

1.

Formulate, monitor and recommend to the Board,

CSR Policy and the activities to be undertaken by

the Company along with Annual Action Plan.

2.

Review the Company’s performance in the area of

CSR and evaluate social impact of Company's CSR

activities, wherever required.

3.

Review the CSR related disclosure(s) including

annual report on CSR.

4.

Ensure that the funds contributed by the Company

under CSR are spent by the implementation

agency for the intended purpose only.

The Committee is governed through its formal Charter

which may be referred for its detailed purpose and

objective, responsibilities and powers. The same

is available on the Company’s Website at https://

assets.airtel.in/teams/simplycms/web/docs/Charter-

Document-CSR-Committee.pdf.

CSR Policy available at: https://www.airtel.in/about-

bharti/equity/corporate-governance

c)

Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility

The CSR Report for the year ended March 31, 2023 is

annexed as Annexure B to the Board’s Report.

Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee

a) Composition, Meetings and Attendance

In compliance with the Regulation 20 of the Listing

Regulations, requirements and provisions of Section

178 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has

constituted a Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee.

The Committee comprises four members including two

Independent Directors. Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal, Non-

Executive Director is the Chairperson of the Committee.

The Company Secretary or in his absence,

Deputy Company Secretary acts as a secretary to

the Committee.

During the year ended March 31, 2023, the following

changes occurred in the composition of the Committee:

a)

Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee, Independent Director was

appointed as a member of the Committee w.e.f.

May 18, 2022.

b)

Mr. Manish Kejriwal, Independent Director ceased

to be a member of the committee upon his

retirement w.e.f. the close of business hours on

September 25, 2022.

During FY 2022-23, the Committee met four times i.e.

on May 17, 2022, August 08, 2022, October 31, 2022

and February 07, 2022.

The attendance of members at the meetings held during FY 2022-23, are given below:

Name of the director

Date of Stakeholders' Relationship Committee meeting

Held

during

tenure

Total

attended

% of attendance

May 17, 2022

August 08,

2022

October 31,

2022

February 07,

2023

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal,

Chairperson

4

4

100%

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Mittal

4

4

100%

Mr. Gopal Vittal

4

4

100%

Mr. Manish Kejriwal1

Not

applicable

Not

applicable

2

2

100%

Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee2

Not

applicable

3

3

100%

Attendance (%)

100%

100%

100%

100%

Attended in person

Attended through video conference

1.

Mr. Manish Kejriwal, Independent Director ceased to be a member of the committee upon his retirement w.e.f. the close of business hours on

September 25, 2022.

2.

Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee, Independent Director was appointed as a member of the Committee w.e.f. May 18, 2022.

100%

ATTENDANCE AT THE

STAKEHOLDERS' RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

MEETINGS DURING FY 2022-23

b) Brief responsibilities of the Stakeholders'

Relationship Committee

The brief responsibilities of the Stakeholders'

Relationship Committee, inter-alia, include the following:

1.

Consider and resolve the complaints/ grievances

of security holders.

Stakeholders' Relationship Committee:

Managing Director &

CEO and other select members of senior management.

ACC meets as and when deemed necessary to cater to

the day to day requirements of the Company.

c)

Transaction based/Event-specific Committees:

The Company has also constituted other non-statutory,

transaction based/event-specific special Committees,

from time to time, in the areas of fund raising and

restructuring including Equity fund raising, Preferential

allotment, Rights Issue, Debt Fund Raising and

Evaluation of stake in Indus Towers Limited etc. These

Committees operate under the direct supervision of the

board, in accordance with assigned scope of work and

their terms of reference.

GENERAL BODY MEETINGS

The details of last three Annual General Meetings (AGMs) are as follows:

Financial Year

Location/ Mode

Day, Date & Time

(IST)

Special Resolution passed

Transcript

2021-22

By Video

Conferencing

Friday,

August 12, 2022

at 1100 Hrs.

1. Appointment of Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha as an

Independent Director

2. Appointment of Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee as an

Independent Director

3. Approval of payment of remuneration to Mr.

Gopal Vittal as: Managing Director & CEO of the

Company

4. Approval of increase in total number of options of

Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2005

5. Authorisation to Bharti Airtel Employee Welfare

Trust to acquire equity shares of the Company

by way of secondary market acquisition for

administration

of

Employees

Stock

Option

Scheme, 2005

6. Approval of provisioning of money by the

Company for purchase of its shares by the Bharti

Airtel Employee Welfare Trust for the benefit

of employees under Employees Stock Option

Scheme, 2005

Transcript

available at Link

2020-21

By Video

Conferencing

Tuesday,

August 31, 2021

at 1500 Hrs.

Re-appointment of Mr. Sunil Bharti Mittal as the

Managing Director & CEO,

regarding affirmation of the compliance with the Code of

Conduct by Board Members and Senior Management for the

financial year ended March 31, 2023, is annexed as Annexure

A to this report.

Besides above, the Company also procures a quarterly

confirmation of material financial and commercial transactions

entered into by members of Senior Management with the

Company that may have a potential conflict of interest. During

the year, the Company’s Code of Conduct was revamped

with a view to align the Code with global best practices and

Company’s ESG agenda.

The Company has also adopted ‘Code of Conduct for Business

Associates’ including suppliers and vendors of products and

services, all service providers, channel partners, consultants,

agent/ their representatives and employees of such business

associate etc, setting out sets out the fundamental values

and integrity levels that Airtel expects its Business Associates

to uphold in all business relationships, guidance to deal with

the situations that may have potential conflict of interest and

disclosure thereof to the Company etc. The Code is available

at https://www.airtel.in/partnerworld/Business_Code_of_

conduct.

Internal Audits are periodically undertaken to assess the

design and operating effectiveness of the Code of Conduct

of the Company, including the ethics framework covering

anti-bribery and anti-corruption across all the business

operations. Any Finding(s) noted is reported to Audit

Committee in the respective quarter.

Risk Management Framework

The Company has established an Enterprise-wide Risk

Management (ERM) framework to optimally identify and

manage risks, as well as to address operational, strategic

and regulatory risks. In line with the Company’s commitment

to deliver sustainable value, this framework aims to provide

an integrated and organised approach to evaluate and

manage risks. Risk assessment monitoring is included in the

Company’s annual Internal Audit programme and reviewed

by the Audit Committee/ Risk Management Committee at

regular intervals. In compliance with Regulation 17 and 21 of

the Listing Regulations, the Board of Directors has formulated

a Risk Management Policy for framing, implementing and

monitoring the risk management plan for the Company.

The Board is periodically updated on the key risks, steps and

processes initiated for reducing and, if feasible, eliminating

various risks. Business risk evaluation and management is an

ongoing process within the Company.

Detailed update on risk management framework has been

covered under the risk section, forming a part of the Annual

Integrated Report.

Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy

Bharti Airtel has adopted a Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower

Policy which forms a part of Code of Conduct. It outlines

the method and process for stakeholders to voice genuine

concerns about unethical conduct that may be an actual or

threatened breach with the Company’s Code of Conduct. The

policy aims to ensure that genuine complainants are able to

raise their concerns in full confidence, without any fear of

retaliation or victimisation and also allows for anonymous

reporting of complaints.

An independent office of Ombudsperson administers the

entire formal process from reviewing and investigating

concerns raised, undertaking all appropriate actions for

resolution thereof and regular monitoring of process. All

employees of the Company (full-time or part-time) as well

as external stakeholders (e.g. associate, strategic partners,

vendors, suppliers, contractors and customers etc.) have full

access to the Ombudsperson through secure hotline, email

or even meetings in person.

All such instances are investigated while ensuring confidentiality

of the identity of such complainant(s). Matters relating to

financial misdemeanors, fraud or impropriety are investigated

in consultation with the Internal Assurance Group, which

undertakes the investigation of the same by itself or at times

in consultation with the ombudsperson office. The external

investigation agencies are also involved, in exceptional

circumstances, if required. All investigations are endeavored

to be completed in 90 days and final investigation reports are

submitted to the competent disciplinary authority under the

Policy. Further, any complaint may be escalated at the option of

complainant to the Audit Committee on a secured email address.

During the FY 2022-23, a total of 82 whistle blower complaints

were received and taken up for investigation of which 71

complaints were resolved as on March 31, 2023. Balance

complaints are pending for investigation by the Company.

No person was denied access to the Audit Committee.

Code on prohibition of Insider Trading

In compliance with the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015 (‘PIT Regulations’), the Company has

formulated the Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider

Trading (“Code”) to regulate and monitor trading by

Designated Persons (DPs) and their immediate relatives.

The Company has voluntarily adopted a regime, which is

stricter than what is statutorily prescribed, to comply with PIT

Regulations in: letter and its spirit e.g. (i) all the transactions

done by DPs require preclearance irrespective of value or

quantum; and (ii) restriction on maximum number of securities

sold during quarter to 25% of total holding or 50,000 equity

shares, whichever is higher.

The Code, inter alia, lays down the procedures to be followed

by DPs while trading/ dealing in Company shares/ derivatives

and while sharing Unpublished Price Sensitive Information

(UPSI). The Code includes the obligations and responsibilities

of DPs, obligation to maintain the structured digital database,

mechanism for prevention of insider trading and handling

of UPSI, process to familiarise with the sensitivity of UPSI,

transactions which are prohibited and manner in which

permitted transactions in the securities of the Company shall

be carried out etc. The Code was comprehensively reviewed

and amended by the Board last year to inter-alia align the

same with best practices and latest statutory requirements.

Additionally, a Monitoring Committee has been constituted

by the Board to review the list of DPs, trading by DPs,

implementation of policies under the PIT Regulations,

trainings, enquiry into leak of information etc. A report on

insider trading, covering trading by DPs and various initiatives/

actions taken by the Company under the PIT Regulations is

also placed before the Audit Committee and its Chairperson

on half yearly basis.

The Company periodically circulates the informatory e-mails

along with the FAQs on Insider Trading Code, Do’s and Don’ts

etc. to the employees (including new employees) to familiarise

them with the provisions of the Code. The Company also

conducts frequent workshops/ training sessions to educate

and sensitise the employees/ designated persons.

The key details of aforesaid policies/ code and other Board

approved policies adopted by the Company are provided in

Annexure B to this report.

MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

a) Quarterly financial results

Following the highest standards of Corporate

Governance, the Company has a practice of announcing

fully audited financial results every quarter since over

a decade now. The financial results were published

in prominent daily newspapers viz. Economic Times

(English daily) and Navbharat Times (Hindi daily –

vernacular) and were also uploaded on the Company’s

website viz. www.airtel.in.

b) Official news releases

Official news and media releases are submitted to Stock

Exchanges and uploaded on the Company’s website viz.

www.airtel.in.

c)

Earning Calls & presentations to Institutional

Investors/ Analysts

The Company organises earnings call with analysts

and investors on the next day of announcement of

results. The audio/video clips and transcript of these

earning calls are posted on the Company’s website.

Presentations made to institutional investors and

financial analysts on the financial results are submitted

to the stock exchanges and also uploaded on the

Company’s website.

d) Corporate

announcements

of

material

information

The Company electronically submits the requisite

corporate announcements, material information,

periodical fillings etc. through respective web portals

of NSE and BSE.

e) Website

The Company has dedicated “Investors” section on its

website viz. www.airtel.in wherein any person can access

the corporate policies, Board committee charters,

Memorandum and Articles of Association, Annual

Reports, financial results & other financial information,

details relating to dividend & shares transferred to IEPF

and shareholding details etc.

Managing Director & CEO

Separate individuals hold the positions of Chairman of

the Board and the: Managing

letter, duly signed by the first/sole

holder quoting necessary details.

Status of Dividend declared

Status of the dividend declared by the Company for the last seven years is as under:

(Amount in H/Mn)

Financial Year

Amount of Dividend

per equity share of

face value of E5/- each

Total Pay-out

Amount paid to the

shareholders as on

March 31, 2023

Unclaimed

dividend as on

March 31, 2023

2021-22

3.00

16,983.91

16,975.32

8.59

2019-20

2.00

10,911.11

10,909.89

1.22

2018-19 (Interim)

2.50

9,993.50

9,991.70

1.80

2017-18

2.50

9,993.50

9,991.72

1.78

2017-18 (Interim)

2.84

11,352.62

11,350.74

1.88

2016-17

1.00

3,997.40

3,996.70

0.70

2015-16

1.36

5,436.46

5,435.31

1.15

Notes:

1)

No dividend was declared by the Company for the financial year 2020-21.

2)

Dividend of H0.75 each on partly paid-up equity shares was declared on proportionate basis for FY 2021-22.

The Company constantly endeavours to reduce the unpaid & unclaimed dividend amount. The shareholders, who have not

claimed their dividend for the above financial years, are requested to contact the Company or its Share Transfer Agent.

* Appointed vide consolidated engagement entered between the Company and Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP.

During the FY 2022-23, status of cases reported with respect

to sexual harassment at the workplace is as follows:

Pending at the

beginning of

financial year

Received

during

financial year

Disposed of

during the

financial year

Pending at

the end of

financial year

NIL

17*

17

NIL

*Out of total 17 cases, allegations were substantiated in 13 cases and

the accused personnel were separated from their services.

Subsidiary Companies

The Company monitors performance of subsidiary

Companies, inter-alia, by the following means:

a)

Financial Statements, in particular investments made by

unlisted subsidiary companies, are reviewed quarterly

by the Audit Committee.

b)

Minutes of the board meetings of unlisted subsidiary

companies are regularly placed before the Board.

c)

A statement containing significant transactions and

arrangements entered into by unlisted subsidiary

companies is placed before the Board.

d)

Reviewing of the utilisation of loans and/ or advances

from/investment by the Company in the subsidiary

exceeding rupees 100 crores or 10% of the asset

size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower including

existing loans / advances / investments existing by

Audit Committee.

e)

Group Governance Unit at a group level, oversees

the implementation of strong and effective Group

Governance Policy, monitors the governance standards

across the group and provides need-based guidance to

ensure that group maintains the highest standards of

corporate governance.

The annual financial statements of the subsidiaries for FY 2022-23 are available for download on the website of the Company

at weblink https://www.airtel.in/about-bharti/equity/results. The Annual Report of Airtel Africa plc, an overseas subsidiary

listed on London Stock Exchange, is available on its website viz. https://airtel.africa/#/.

Details of material subsidiaries; including the date and place of incorporation and the name and date of

appointment of the statutory auditors of such subsidiaries

S.

No.

Subsidiaries whose total income/net

worth exceeds 10% of the Company’s

consolidated income/ net worth

Date of

Incorporation

Place of

Incorporation

Name of statutory auditors

Date of

appointment of

statutory auditors

1.

Network i2i Limited

November 30, 2000 Mauritius

Deloitte

July 05, 2022

2.

Airtel Africa Mauritius Limited

June 28, 2018

Mauritius

Deloitte

July 05, 2022

3.

Airtel Africa plc

July 12, 2018

United Kingdom Deloitte LLP

June 28, 2022

4.

Bharti Airtel International

(Netherlands) B.V.

March 19, 2010

Netherlands

Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP October 14, 2022*

5.

Bharti Airtel Africa B.V.

June 08, 2010

Netherlands

Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP October 14, 2022*

6.

Airtel Networks Limited

December 21, 2000 Nigeria

Deloitte & Touche

July 21, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

Annexure B

Corporate Policies

(To be read in addition to the policies/ codes/ frameworks referred in Clause E of Report on Corporate Governance)

Below corporate policies can be accessed at the website of the Company at https://www.airtel.in/about-bharti/equity/

corporate-governance/policies:

Policy

Brief description

Web link

Corporate Social Responsibility

Policy

The policy emphasises on Company’s philosophy to pursue wider socio-economic

& cultural objectives of promoting education for underprivileged with special

emphasis on girl child, livelihood enhancement and education programs etc.

Click here

Policy on Related Party

Transactions and determination

of materiality

The policy regulates the transactions between the Company and its related parties

based on the applicable laws. The policy lays down the framework for appropriate

identification, governance and reporting of related party transactions.

Click here

Policy for determining material

subsidiaries

The policy lays down a framework to determine material subsidiaries and ensure

their effective governance.

Click here

Dividend Distribution Policy

The policy facilitates the consistent approach w.r.t. dividend pay-out plans in the

Company and lays down the broad parameters to be considered for distribution of

dividend.

Click here

Policy on Nomination,

Remuneration and Board

Diversity

The policy, inter-alia, includes criteria for appointment of Directors, KMPs, senior

management and other covered employees, their remuneration structure and

Company’s approach to have diversity on the Board of Directors.

Click here

Policy for determination and

disclosure of Material Events

This policy specifies the manner of determining materiality & disclosure of events

based on the criteria prescribed therein, Company’s approach of providing timely,

direct and equal access of material information to the market.

Click here

Code of practices and procedures

for fair disclosure of unpublished

price sensitive information

The code lays down the standards of transparency and fair disclosure followed by

the Company and ensures that all material updates/ information are shared with

the stakeholders including investors, market analysts, media and other third parties

in a timely, orderly, consistent and credible manner.

Click here

Code of Conduct and Whistle

Blower Policy (Vigil Mechanism)

The code provides the fundamental guidelines and acts as a foundation, to ensure

ethical business practices and standards across the Company’s operations; trust,

transparency and integrity in Company’s actions; and fair relationship with all

stakeholders.

Click here

Policy for preservation and

archival of documents & records

This policy ensures that necessary documents & records are preserved & properly

maintained and the documents & records which are no longer required are

disposed-off in an appropriate manner with due approvals.

Click here:

Managing Director & CEO and Soumen Ray, CFO (India & South Asia) of Bharti Airtel Limited, to the best of

our knowledge and belief hereby certify that:

(a)

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statements for the year ended March 31, 2023 and that to

the best of our knowledge and belief:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements

that might be misleading; and

(ii)

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing

accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

(b)

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which

are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

(c)

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have

evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have

disclosed to the auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design and operations of such internal controls,

if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

(d)

We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:

(i)

significant changes in the internal control over financial reporting during the year;

(ii)

significant changes in the accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes

to the financial statements; and

(iii) instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management

or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Date: May 16, 2023

Place: New Delhi

Gopal Vittal: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 094468

DIN: 00042491

DIN: 02291778

Soumen Ray

Pankaj Tewari

Date: May 16, 2023

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: New Delhi

(India & South Asia)

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss

(All amounts are in millions of Indian Rupee; except per share data)

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022#

Income

Revenue from operations

23

847,201

707,950

Other income

24

26,338

6,040

873,539

713,990

Expenses

Network operating expenses

25

183,857

171,877

Access charges

41,318

32,309

License fee / Spectrum charges

87,925

84,623

Employee benefits expense

26

19,664

17,954

Sales and marketing expenses

27

46,383

31,497

Other expenses

28

30,067

22,685

409,214

360,945

Profit before depreciation, amortisation, finance costs,

exceptional items and tax

464,325

353,045

Depreciation and amortisation expenses

29

263,550

243,298

Finance costs

30

145,318

132,208

Profit / (loss) before exceptional items and tax

55,457

(22,461)

Exceptional items (net)

31

42,764

20,096

Profit / (loss) before tax

12,693

(42,557)

Tax expense / (credit)

Current tax

11

(178)

-

Deferred tax

11

13,767

(3,920)

13,589

(3,920)

Loss for the year

(896)

(38,637)

Other comprehensive income

Items not to be reclassified to profit or loss:

-

Re-measurement loss on defined benefit plans

26

(123)

(13)

-

Tax credit

11

31

3

Other comprehensive loss for the year

(92)

(10)

Total comprehensive loss for the year

(988)

(38,647)

Loss per share (Face value: G 5 each)

Basic and diluted loss per share

32

(0.16)

(6.96)

#Refer note 4(i)

The accompanying notes 1 to 43 form an integral part of these Standalone Financial Statements.

As per our report of even date

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Bharti Airtel Limited

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Firm's Registration No. 117366W / W-100018)

Vijay Agarwal

Sunil Bharti Mittal

Gopal Vittal

Partner

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 094468

DIN: 00042491

DIN: 02291778

Soumen Ray

Pankaj Tewari

Date: May 16, 2023

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: New Delhi

(India & South Asia):

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 094468

DIN: 00042491

DIN: 02291778

Soumen Ray

Pankaj Tewari

Date: May 16, 2023

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: New Delhi

(India & South Asia):

letter dated October 14, 2021

has offered a one-time opportunity to opt for deferment

of AGR related dues determined determined by the

Supreme Court in the AGR case, by a period of four

years with immediate effect without changing the overall

payment period of 10 years as fixed by the Supreme:

letter dated October

22, 2021 has confirmed DoT to avail the offer.

ix.

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company

has transferred spectrum rights and related future

liabilities of H 4,693 to another telecom operator for

the Company’s 800 MHz spectrum in Andhra Pradesh

(3.75 MHz), Delhi (1.25 MHz) and Mumbai (2.5 MHz) for

consideration of H 10,048 (refer note 31(ii)(a)).

x.

The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘Code’) relating

to employee benefits during employment and post-

employment benefits received Presidential assent in

September 2020. The Code has been published in the

Gazette of India. The Ministry of Labour and Employment

(‘Ministry’) has issued draft of the Code on Social

Security (Central) Rules, 2020 on November 13, 2020

and has invited suggestions from stakeholders which

are under active consideration by the Ministry. However,

the date on which the Code will come into effect has not

been notified. The Company is assessing the impact of

the Code and will record any related impact in the period

in which the Code becomes effective.

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements

(All amounts are in millions of Indian Rupee; unless stated otherwise)

5.

Property, plant and equipment (PPE)

The following table presents the reconciliation of changes in the carrying value of PPE for the year ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022:

Leasehold

improvements

Buildings#

Land

Plant and

equipment

Furniture

and fixtures

Vehicles

Office

equipments

Computer

and servers

Total

Gross carrying value

As of April 1, 2021

6,002

5,273

3,935

1,450,528

2,064

211

4,804

39,250

1,512,067

Additions

163

-

-

154,203

29

21

140

3,721

158,277

Disposals / net adjustments

(49)

-

-

(19,938)

(2)

(109)

(22)

(39)

(20,159)

As of March 31, 2022

6,116

5,273

3,935

1,584,793

2,091

123

4,922

42,932

1,650,185

As of April 1, 2022

6,116

5,273

3,935

1,584,793

2,091

123

4,922

42,932

1,650,185

Additions

109

4,274

1,471

148,753

84

1

193

3,755

1,58,640

Disposals / net adjustments

(4)

-

-

(34,651)

(9)

(1)

(45)

(41)

(34,751)

As of March 31, 2023

6,221

9,547

5,406

1,698,895

2,166

123

5,070

46,646

1,774,074

Accumulated depreciation

As of April 1, 2021

4,679

3,120

-

846,578

1,895

205

4,332

34,001

894,810

Charge

246

253

-

132,044

69

8

213

3,419

136,252

Disposals / net adjustments

(48)

-

-

(18,611)

(0)

(108)

(21)

(39)

(18,827)

As of March 31, 2022

4,877

3,373

-

960,011

1,964

105

4,524

37,381

1,012,235

As of April 1, 2022

4,877

3,373

-

960,011

1,964

105

4,524

37,381

1,012,235

Charge

254

439

-

139,845

56

5

201

3,403

144,203

Disposals / net adjustments

(2)

-

-

(33,111)

(9)

(1)

(38)

(40)

(33,201)

As of March 31, 2023

5,129

3,812

-

1,066,745

2,011

109

4,687

40,744

1,123,237

Net carrying value

As of March 31, 2022

1,239

1,900

3,935

624,782

127

18

398

5,551

637,950

As of March 31, 2023

1,092

5,735

5,406

632,150

155

14

383

5,902

650,837

# It also includes buildings on leased land.

The carrying value of CWIP as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 is H 69,598 and H 17,149 respectively, which mainly pertains to plant and equipment.:

Managing Director & CEO

Badal Bagri, Chief Financial Officer (Upto October 8, 2021)

Soumen Ray, Chief Financial Office (India & South Asia) (w.e.f. December 21, 2021)

Pankaj Tewari, Company Secretary

Non-executive Directors

Chua Sock Koong

Craig Edward Ehrlich (upto August 3, 2021)

Dinesh Kumar Mittal

Kimsuka Narasimhan

Manish Kejriwal (upto September 25, 2022)

Nisaba Godrej (w.e.f. August 4, 2021)

Pradeep Kumar Sinha (w.e.f. May 18, 2022)

Rakesh Bharti Mittal

Shyamal Mukherjee (w.e.f. May 18, 2022)

Shishir Priyadarshi (upto October 31, 2022)

Tao Yih Arthur Lang

V. K. Viswanathan:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 094468

DIN: 00042491

DIN: 02291778

Soumen Ray

Pankaj Tewari

Date: May 16, 2023

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: New Delhi

(India & South Asia)

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Income

Revenue from operations

24

1,391,448

1,165,469

Other income

25

9,366

5,343

1,400,814

1,170,812

Expenses

Network operating expenses

26

285,433

250,205

Access charges

76,207

67,611

License fee / Spectrum charges

117,517

110,636

Employee benefits expense

27

48,308

44,333

Sales and marketing expenses

28

72,454

53,035

Other expenses

30

78,794

64,310

678,713

590,130

Profit before depreciation, amortisation, finance costs, share of profit

/ loss of associates and joint ventures, exceptional items and tax

722,101

580,682

Depreciation and amortisation expenses

29

364,318

330,907

Finance costs

31

192,999

166,162

Share of profit of associates and joint ventures (net)

7

(7,521)

(24,232)

Profit before exceptional items and tax

172,305

107,845

Exceptional items (net)

32

6,698

(16,986)

Profit before tax

165,607

124,831

Tax expense

Current tax

12

34,831

30,331

Deferred tax

12

7,902

11,448

42,733

41,779

Profit for the year

122,874

83,052

Other comprehensive income

Items to be reclassified to profit or loss:

-

Net (loss) / gain due to foreign currency translation differences

(8,730)

7,687

-

Net loss on net investment hedge

(17,075)

(6,401)

-

Tax credit on above

12

4,365

1,269

(21,440)

2,555

Items not to be reclassified to profit or loss:

-

Re-measurement loss on defined benefit plans

27.2

(176)

(44)

-

Tax credit on above

12

48

10

-

Share of other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures (net)

7

46

35

(82)

1

Other comprehensive (loss) / income for the year

(21,522)

2,556

Total comprehensive income for the year

101,352

85,608

Profit for the year attributable to:

122,874

83,052

Owners of the Parent

83,459

42,549

Non-controlling interests

39,415

40,503

Other comprehensive (loss) / income for the year attributable to:

(21,522)

2,556

Owners of the Parent

(28,100)

(4,526)

Non-controlling interests

6,578

7,082

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:

101,352

85,608

Owners of the Parent

55,359

38,023

Non-controlling interests

45,993

47,585

Earnings per share (Face value: K 5 each)

Basic

33

14.80

7.67

Diluted

33

14.57

7.63

The accompanying notes 1 to 44 form an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

As per our report of even date

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Bharti Airtel Limited

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Firm's Registration No. 117366W / W-100018)

Vijay Agarwal

Sunil Bharti Mittal

Gopal Vittal

Partner

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 094468

DIN: 00042491

DIN: 02291778

Soumen Ray

Pankaj Tewari

Date: May 16, 2023

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: New Delhi

(India & South Asia)

335

334

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2022-23

Bharti Airtel Limited

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Management Discussion & Analysis:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 094468

DIN: 00042491

DIN: 02291778

Soumen Ray

Pankaj Tewari

Date: May 16, 2023

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: New Delhi

(India & South Asia)

337

336

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2022-23

Bharti Airtel Limited

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Management Discussion & Analysis:

letter dated October 14, 2021

has offered a one-time opportunity to opt for deferment of

AGR related dues determined by the Supreme Court in the

AGR case, by a period of four years with immediate effect

without changing the overall payment period of 10 years

as fixed by the Supreme court (i.e. the last of the yearly

instalment payment to be made by March 31, 2031). The

revised amount of instalment of the AGR dues is to be paid

within this time frame only. The Group vide its: letter dated

October 22, 2021 has confirmed DoT to avail the offer.

n)

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company

has transferred spectrum rights and related future

liabilities of H 4,693 to another telecom operator for

the Company’s 800 MHz spectrum in Andhra Pradesh

(3.75 MHz), Delhi (1.25 MHz) and Mumbai (2.5 MHz) for

consideration of H 10,048 (Refer note 31(ii)(b)).

o)

Pursuant to Telecom Regulatory Authority of India's

tariff order in relation to broadcasting services, Bharti

Telemedia Limited, a Company’s subsidiary, had entered

into revised agreements with the broadcasters. With

effect from April 1, 2019, basis such revised agreements

and the provisions of the new tariff order, Bharti Telemedia

Limited had re-assessed its performance obligations,

extent of control over broadcasted content and various

other responsibilities and liabilities. Consequently,

the subsidiary had considered network capacity fee

and commission and incentives from broadcasters as

to subscription services, as part of its revenue from

operations. Further, the Telecom Regulatory Authority

of India had implemented second and third amendment

to the tariff order effective from March 1, 2020 and

February 1, 2023 respectively and Bharti Telemedia

Limited had implemented the same to the extent is

applicable and is in control of Bharti Telemedia Limited,

as a distributor.

On March 31, 2021, Ministry of Information and

Broadcasting (‘MIB’) has granted provisional licence

for providing DTH services to Bharti Telemedia Limited

w.e.f. April 1, 2021. As per the amended guidelines,

amongst other conditions, the validity of license which

will be issued subsequently, would be 20 years and the

License fee (LF) prescribed is @ 8% of AGR, calculated

by excluding GST from gross revenue and the LF is to be

paid on quarterly basis to MIB.

p)

The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘Code’) relating

to employee benefits during employment and post-

employment benefits received Presidential assent in

September 2020. The Code has been published in the

Gazette of India. The Ministry of Labour and Employment

(‘Ministry’) has issued draft of the Code on Social

Security (Central) Rules, 2020 on November 13, 2020

and has invited suggestions from stakeholders which

are under active consideration by the Ministry. However,

the date on which the Code will come into effect has not

been notified. The Group is assessing the impact of the

Code and will record any related impact in the period the

Code becomes effective.

q)

During the year ended March 31, 2022, Airtel Nigeria

completed the buyback of 8.22% non-controlling

interest (out of existing 8.26%) from its non-controlling

shareholders at a total cost of NGN 67.6 Bn (approx.

H 12,173) including directly attributable transaction

costs. The difference between such cost and the

carrying value of such non-controlling interest, has been

recorded in ‘NCI reserve’ a component of equity.

r)

In March 2021, the Group had entered into agreements

with TPG’s The Rise Fund and Mastercard for the sale of

NCI in one of the Group’s subsidiaries (AMC BV) by way

of the secondary sale of AMC BV’s shares.

On August 2, 2021, the Group completed the first close of

the transaction, whereby The Rise Fund and Mastercard

invested USD 150 Mn (approx. H 11,108) and USD 75 Mn

(approx. H 5,554) respectively.

On July 30, 2021, the Group further entered into an

agreement with Qatar Holdings LLC for the sale of

further NCI in AMC BV and completed the first close of

the transaction on August 19, 2021, to receive USD 150

Mn (approx. H 11,108) from Qatar Holdings LLC.

On November 16, 2021, the Group completed the second

close of the above transactions whereby The Rise Fund

and Qatar Holdings LLC each invested a further USD 50

Mn (approx. H 3,734), and Mastercard a further USD 25

Mn (approx. H 1,867).

On December 15, 2021, the Group further entered into

an agreement with Chimetech Holding Limited for the

sale of further NCI in AMC BV and received USD 50 Mn

(approx. H 3,734) from Chimetech Holding Limited.

While the Group continues to control AMC BV, for all the

above-mentioned investments, the Group has recorded

a NCI including shares held within Escrow. These shares

may transfer to the investors at the end of a restructuring

period as per the terms of the agreements. The Group

has concluded that it does not control the shares placed

in Escrow and hence has recorded these shares as part

of the Group’s NCI.

Under the terms of the transaction, and in very limited

circumstances (including in the event that there is no

Initial Public Offering of shares in AMC BV within four

years of first close), The Rise Fund and Mastercard would

have the option, so as to provide liquidity to them, to

sell its shares in AMC BV to Airtel Africa or its affiliates

at fair market value (determined by a mutually agreed

merchant bank using an agreed internationally accepted

valuation methodology). The Group has determined that

successfully executing the IPO is not within complete

control of the Group and has thus recorded a put option

liability at the present value of the expected buy-back

amount which is also the maximum amount, by debiting

‘NCI reserve’. Subsequent re-measurement of this liability

has been recognised as a finance cost.

357

356

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2022-23

Bharti Airtel Limited

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Management Discussion & Analysis

Managing Director and CEO

Badal Bagri, Chief Financial Officer (Upto October 8, 2021)

Soumen Ray, Chief Financial Officer (India & South Asia) (w.e.f. December 21, 2021)

Pankaj Tewari, Company Secretary

Segun Ogunsanya (w.e.f. October 1, 2021)

Raghunath Venkateswarlu Mandava (Upto September 30, 2021)

Non-executive Directors

Chua Sock Koong

Craig Edward Ehrlich (upto August 3, 2021)

Dinesh Kumar Mittal

Kimsuka Narasimhan

Manish Kejriwal (upto September 25, 2022)

Nisaba Godrej (w.e.f. August 4, 2021)

Pradeep Kumar Sinha (w.e.f. May 18, 2022)

Rakesh Bharti Mittal

Shyamal Mukherjee (w.e.f. May 18, 2022)

Shishir Priyadarshi (upto October 31, 2022)

Tao Yih Arthur Lang

V. K. Viswanathan

401

400

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2022-23

Bharti Airtel Limited

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Management Discussion & Analysis:

Managing Director & CEO

Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan

Ms. Nisaba Godrej

Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal

Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee

Mr. Tao Yih Arthur Lang

Mr. V. K. Viswanathan

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Soumen Ray

Company Secretary

Mr. Pankaj Tewari

Chief Internal Auditor

Mr. Anil Jeet Singh Riat

Statutory Auditors

Deloitte Haskins & Sells, LLP

Chartered Accountants

Internal Assurance Partners

Ernst & Young LLP

ANB & Co., Chartered Accountants

Cost Auditors

Sanjay Gupta & Associates

Cost Accountants

Secretarial Auditors

Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

Registered Office

Airtel Center, Plot No. 16,

Udyog Vihar, Phase-IV,

Gurugram – 122 015,

India

Corporate Office

Bharti Crescent,

1, Nelson Mandela Road,

Vasant Kunj, Phase-II,

New Delhi – 110 070,

India

Website

www.airtel.in:

