letter dated April 28, 2023 informing about the 24th Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) of the

Company scheduled to be held on Tuesday, June 13, 2023 at 11:00 a.m. IST through Video

Conferencing/Other Audio Visual Means, in accordance, with the relevant circulars issued by

Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities and Exchange Board of India.

In this regard, we wish to inform the following:

1. Pursuant to the said Circulars, AGM Notice and Integrated Annual Report for FY 2022-23

has been sent through electronic mode to all the members of the Company whose email

addresses

are registered

with

the Company/Registrar and

Share Transfer

Agent/Depository Participant(s). These documents are also available on the Company’s

website at https://investor.indiamart.com/.

2. The Company has provided the facility to its members to cast their vote by electronic

means (through remote e-voting and e-voting at the AGM) on all the resolutions set out in

the AGM notice, who are holding equity shares as on the cut-off date i.e., Tuesday,

June 06, 2023. The remote e-voting will commence on Friday, June 09, 2023

(09:00 a.m. IST) and ends on Monday, June 12, 2023 (05:00 p.m. IST). Detailed

instructions for registering email address(s) and e-voting/ attendance at the AGM are

given in the AGM notice.

3. The AGM notice and Integrated Annual Report for FY 2022-23 are enclosed herewith.

Please take the above information on record.

Yours faithfully,

For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited

(Manoj Bhargava)

Group General Counsel,

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Membership No: F5164

Encl: As above

MANOJ

BHARGAVA

Digitally signed by

MANOJ BHARGAVA

Date: 2023.05.17

23:23:27 +05'30':

letter of allotment shall be

issued in respect of the Bonus Shares and the shareholders

of the Company who hold shares of the Company in

dematerialized form as on record date, the Bonus Shares

shall be credited to the respective demat accounts of the

shareholders and the shareholders of the Company who

hold shares of the Company in physical form as on record

date, the share certificate(s) in respect of the bonus equity

shares shall be dispatched within such time as prescribed

by law and the relevant authorities.

FURTHER RESOLVED THAT the issue and allotment of

the proposed bonus shares to the extent that they relate

to Members who are Non- Resident Indians (NRIs), Foreign

Institutional Investors (FIIs) and other Foreign Investors,

shall be subject to the approval, if any, of the Reserve Bank

of India under the Foreign Exchange Management Act,

1999 and other applicable rules/regulations/guidelines

issued/amended by RBI or any other authority, from time

to time, in this regard.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby

authorized to take necessary steps for listing of such

shares on the Stock Exchanges where the securities of

the Company are listed as per the provisions of the Listing

Regulations and other applicable guidelines, rules and

regulations.

FURTHER RESOLVED THAT the Board be and is hereby

authorized to do all such acts, deed and things including

delegating powers to employees and/ or officers of the

Company, as they may in their absolute discretion deem

necessary or expedient in respect of matters and things

incidental or related thereto and to settle any question or

doubt, to give effect to the aforesaid resolution.”

By Order of the Board of

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited

Manoj Bhargava

Group General Counsel,

Date: May 04, 2023 Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Place: Noida

Membership No.- F 5164

NOTES:

1.

In view of the relaxation granted by the Ministry of

Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’) vide its General Circular No.

14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, Circular No. 17/2020

dated April 13, 2020, Circular No. 20/2020 dated

May 05, 2020, Circular No. 02/2022 dated May 05, 2022

and Circular No. 10/2022 dated December 28, 2022

(‘MCA Circulars’) and SEBI vide it’s circular no. SEBI/HO/

CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated May 12, 2020, SEBI/HO/

CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/11 dated January 15, 2021, SEBI/

HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2022/62 dated May 13, 2022 and

SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/4 dated January 05, 2023

(‘SEBI circular’) (MCA Circular and SEBI Circular collectively

referred as Circulars) has permitted the holding of the

AGMs through VC/OAVM facility and dispensed physical

presence of the members at the meeting. In compliance

with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’),

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) and Circulars,

the 24th AGM of the Company is being held through

VC/OAVM facility. The deemed venue for the AGM shall

be the Registered Office of the Company. The detailed

procedure for participating through VC/OAVM facility is

mentioned in Note No. 21 of the notice. Since the AGM

will be held through VC/OAVM, the Route Map is not

annexed to this Notice.

2.

The relevant explanatory statement pursuant to the

provisions of Section 102(1) of the Act setting out the

material facts and reasons, concerning the business under

Item No. 4 of this Notice of AGM is annexed herewith.

Further, the relevant details, pursuant to Regulations 36(3)

of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standards on

General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India (‘Secretarial Standard-2’), in respect

of Director seeking re-appointment at the AGM are also

annexed to this Notice.

3.

Since the AGM is being convened through VC or

OAVM in terms of the Circulars, the physical attendance

of Members has been dispensed with, there is no

requirement for appointment of proxies. Accordingly, the

facility for appointment of proxies by the members will

not be available for the AGM and hence, the Proxy Form

and Attendance Slip are not annexed to this Notice.

Institutional/Corporate Shareholders (i.e., other than

individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) intending to authorize their

representatives to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM

facility and/or vote through remote e-voting or e-voting

at the AGM on its behalf are requested to send a scanned

copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/

Authority: letter, etc., with attested specimen signature of

the duly authorized signatory(s) to the Scrutinizer by email

at dpvassociatesoffice@gmail.com with a copy marked

to the Company at cs@indiamart.com. They can also

upload the said documents by clicking on “Upload Board

Resolution/Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting”

tab in their login.

4.

The attendance of the Members attending the AGM

through VC/OAVM facility shall be counted for the

purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of

the Act. In case of joint holders attending the meeting,

the Member whose name appears as the first holder in

the order of names as per the Register of Members / List

of Beneficial owners of the Company will be entitled to

vote at the AGM.

5.

The recording of the AGM and transcript shall also be

made available on the Company’s website at https://

investor.indiamart.com/AGM_EGM.aspx in the Investors

letter mentioning your name, folio

number, complete address and following details

relating to bank account in which the dividend is to

be received:

i.

Name and Branch of Bank and Bank Account

type;

ii.

Bank Account Number allotted by your

bank after implementation of Core Banking

Solutions; and

iii.

11-digit IFSC Code.

b.

Self-attested scanned copy of cancelled cheque

bearing the name of the member or first holder, in

case shares are held jointly;

c.

Self-attested scanned copy of the PAN Card; and

d.

Self-attested scanned copy of any document (such

as AADHAR Card, Driving License, Election Identity

Card, Passport) in support of the address of the

member, as registered with the Company.

For the members holding shares in demat mode, please

update your Electronic Bank Mandate through your DPs.

19. All correspondence should be addressed to the RTA

of the Company viz. Link Intime India Private Limited,

Noble Heights, 1st Floor, Plot No NH-2, C-1 Block, LSC,

Near Savitri Market, Janakpuri, New Delhi - 110058,

Tel: 011 - 49411000, e-mail: delhi@linkintime.co.in.

20. In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the

Act read and the rules framed thereunder, Regulation 44

of Listing Regulations, Secretarial Standard - 2 issued by

the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, as amended

from time to time, and the Circulars as issued by Ministry

of Corporate Affairs, the Company is pleased to provide

remote e-Voting facility before the AGM and e-Voting

facility at the AGM to its members to exercise their right

to vote on all the resolutions proposed to be transacted at

the AGM by electronic means. The facility of casting votes

by a member using remote e-Voting and e-Voting at the

AGM will be provided by National Securities Depository

Limited (‘NSDL’).

The Members can opt for only one mode of voting i.e.,

remote e-Voting or e-Voting at the AGM. In case of voting

by both the modes, vote cast through remote e-Voting

will be considered final and e-Voting at the AGM will not

be considered.

The instructions for joining the AGM through VC /

OAVM, remote e-voting and e-voting during the AGM

are provided in the Notice of AGM as under:

21. INSTRUCTIONS FOR E-VOTING AND JOINING

THE AGM ARE AS FOLLOWS:

A.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING PRIOR TO

THE AGM

i.

The remote e-voting period will commence on Friday,

June 09, 2023 (09:00 a.m. IST) and ends on Monday,

June 12, 2023 (05:00 p.m. IST). During this period,

members holding shares in dematerialized form as

on the cut-off date i.e., Tuesday, June 06, 2023, may

cast their vote electronically. A person, whose name

appears in the Register of Members maintained by

the Depositories as on the cut-off date, shall be

entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting.

The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by

NSDL for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a

resolution is cast by the member, the member shall

not be allowed to change it subsequently.

ii.

The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion

to their shares in the paid-up equity share capital of

the Company as on the cut-off date. A person who

is not a Member as on the cut-off date should treat

this Notice for information purpose only.

iii.

Any person, who acquires equity shares and

becomes a member of the Company after the date

of electronic dispatch of the Notice of the AGM and

holding shares as on the cut-off date, may obtain

the login ID and password by sending a request at

evoting@nsdl.co.in. However, if he/she is already

registered with NSDL for remote e-voting then he/

she can use his/her existing User ID and password to

cast the vote.

iv.

The details of the process and manner for remote

e-voting are explained herein below:

Step 1: Log-in to NSDL e-voting system at https://

www.evoting.nsdl.com/

Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL

e-voting system and join virtual meeting on NSDL

e-voting system.:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote,

to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to at dpvassociatesoffice@

gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals,

HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution /

Power of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on

“Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed

under “e-Voting” tab in their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will

be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the

correct password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical

User Reset Password?” option available on https://www.

evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any query relating to remote e-voting you

may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (‘FAQs’) for

Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders

available at the download section of https://www.evoting.

nsdl.com or call on toll free no. 022 - 4886 7000 and

022 - 2499 7000 or send a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

In case of any queries, you may refer the FAQs for Members

and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at

the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call

on toll free no.: 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000

or send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre – Senior Manager,

National Securities Depository Limited, Trade World, ‘A’

Wing, 4th Floor, Kamala Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat

Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400 013, at the designated

email id – evoting@nsdl.co.in who will also address

the grievances connected with the voting by electronic

means.

Process for those Members whose email address are not

registered with the Company / Depositories, for procuring

user id and password and registration of e-mail address

for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this Notice:

Members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in

for procuring user id and password for e-voting by

providing demat account number, client master or

copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-

attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-

attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card). If you are

an Individual shareholder holding securities in demat

mode, you are requested to refer to the login method

explained above.

Dear Shareholders

I am pleased to share with you our

journey of FY 2023 – a year that

witnessed IndiaMART sustain its

growth by leveraging emerging

opportunities in India’s B2B

segment. Amid the sustained

Indian economic growth and

market positivity, we delivered

a positive performance across

our KPIs as well as expanded

the ambit of our services to

cater even more effectively to

the

growing

customer

base

and demand for our services

which further strengthened our

value proposition.

Delivering robust

performance

During the year, IndiaMART recorded

the highest-ever net addition of paid

subscribers and 25% collection growth

to ` 11,666 million during this fiscal

year at the back of our concerted efforts

to harness the growth opportunity.

Deferred revenue also grew by 25%

year-on-year to ` 11,344 million. We

continued to maintain a positive cash

flow from operations and healthy

margins during the year, on account of

our negative working capital business

model. This has enabled us to declare

the dividend of ` 20 for FY 2023 and

the 1:1 bonus issue subject to

shareholders’ approval.

Investing in our key assets &

resources

The growing business opportunity in

the B2B space, backed by improvement

in the macro environment as well as

increasing customer demand for our

services, motivated us to invest even

more actively than before in our key

resources, including people, technology,

sales, and services. We added 911

people to our workforce as well as

expanded our channel partners network

to acquire our customers across Bharat

and cater to their needs enabling growth

for businesses present in smaller towns

and cities.

Investing strategically in

growing opportunities

Driven by our deep insights into the

transforming market needs, we made

the right strategic choices for driving

future growth. In order to leverage the

potential in the Accounting Software

space, we acquired Busy Accounting

Software and Livekeeping – a Tally on

Mobile application during this year.

These acquisitions, coupled with our

investments in Vyapar and Realbooks,

have helped us build a presence

across all customer segments requiring

Accounting software. In the first year

itself, Busy Accounting Software reported

` 433 million in revenue which reflects

that the Accounting Software vertical is

emerging as a diversified revenue stream

for the Company, from here on.

Surging ahead toward a

brighter future

With the opportunity matrix expanding

continuously, we shall continue to

strengthen our resources to meet

future business needs. We shall also

remain focussed on augmenting our

capacities to broaden our reach and

enhance our value proposition. We shall

continue to invest in product innovation

to serve evolving needs and improve

matchmaking and its relevancy on the

platform. Our focus is on developing

solutions that are uniquely aligned with

the specific needs of IndiaMART users.

As a technology-led organisation, we

realise the importance of staying ahead

of the technology curve to remain

competitive in the business. We further

invested in enhancing our technologies to

provide better services to our customers.

We leveraged the seller behaviour data

to drive buyer search and relevant

matchmaking. We are also continually

improving our taxonomy, classification

techniques, and category attributes

to ensure that our platform is easy to

navigate and that buyers can find what

they are looking for quickly and easily.

Additionally, we are leveraging artificial

intelligence to handle mixed languages

and misspelled product names and buyer

searches, ensuring that our platform

is accessible to users from across the

nation. These initiatives do not just help

us in sustaining our business momentum

but also prioritise customer satisfaction

and catalyse growth as we capture

new possibilities.

Ensuring sustained and

inclusive value creation

At IndiaMART, it is our constant

endeavour to ensure inclusive and

holistic value creation for all our

stakeholders, including our users,

shareholders and investors, employees,

and the communities around which

we operate. Even as we continue to

drive business growth, we remain

focussed on nurturing our social crux

as we continue to provide free online

visibility to 7.3 million small and medium

businesses on the platform and offer

100% free services to our buyers,

especially in terms of transparency of

prices, whether they are based in metro

cities or deep rural areas. We have in

place robust policies for strengthening

our environmental protection, corporate

social responsibility (CSR), and

governance frameworks, in line with our

commitment to creating comprehensive,

long-term stakeholder value. The

primary goal of our CSR initiatives is

to build a more resilient and inclusive

society by strengthening education and

skill development facilities for uplifting

the weaker and underserved sections

of society. IndiaMART’s efforts have

been directed towards strengthening

infrastructure, improving foundational

learning and skill development leading

to better learning and growing

opportunities for students along with

the enablement of teachers as well as

parents. I am delighted to report that

through these initiatives over 1.1 million

lives have been favourably impacted

by the Company’s CSR initiatives over

the last year.

Concluding note

In conclusion, I would like to thank

each one of you for your unwavering

trust in IndiaMART. I would also like to

extend my gratitude to our stakeholders

for their continued support in taking

forward the Company’s goal of fostering

digital inclusion of businesses to steer

India’s growth story. It is a matter of

satisfaction for us that India’s prospects,

especially the B2B sector continue

to remain robust despite the global

headwinds that are impacting businesses

across sectors. I am confident that our

partnership approach, supported by

our collective efforts, will help us push

the bar of inclusive and sustainable

long-term growth for all of us.

Regards,

Dinesh Agarwal: Managing

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

Education

B.Tech in Computer Science

from HBTI, Kanpur University

Experience

HCL America, C-Dot,CMC

45

44

Annual Report 2022-23

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STRATEGY REVIEW

ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

letter

to the Company, REACT

(an anti-counterfeiting

network and brand

protection agency) has

stated, “IndiaMART

has clearly placed

itself amongst the top

e-commerce platforms in

the APAC region in the

area of brand protection

and ensuring a clean

marketplace in India”.

We have also received

several awards like the

prestigious “Red Herring

100 Asia Award”, as one

of the top promising

Asian companies driving

the future of technology.

The Company has received several

reputed awards globally and has been

applauded by several International and

National Forums for its outstanding

customer service.

Validate complaints

Action for temporary

suspension

Track complaints

Seek supplier clarification

Permanent suspension or

restoration

IPR complaints resolved within 2 days

~90%

IPR complaints resolved within 5 days

~99%

I

ndiaMART was invited to a

3-day conference in Vienna,

Austria in August 2022 by

INCB to present our perspective

and views on ‘Effective

voluntary cooperation

to interdict trafficking of

dangerous substances’.

In addition to the above, IndiaMART

regularly keeps in touch with Ministry

of

Electronic

and

Information

Technology (Meity) and Department of

Telecommunication (DOT) to ensure that

fraudsters impersonating IndiaMART

with public at large for committing fraud/

cheating etc., are disabled/brought down

by them immediately upon notification.

~20 websites/webpages violating such

rights or committing deception were

brought down by Meity and DOT.

User’s IPR Protection

Mechanism

In addition to giving our users access to

a worldwide market, we are dedicated

to defending the intellectual property

rights of all users and rights holders.

With 95 million goods spread over

95,000 categories and over 170 million

registered buyers ranging completely in

different spheres without any emphasis

on advertisement of any product

category, our site could occasionally be

used in ways that violate third party(s)

intellectual property rights. Rights

holders may easily file complaints about

65

64

Annual Report 2022-23

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STRATEGY REVIEW

ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director and CEO

SHAREHOLDERS

Integrity

Transparency

Accountability

Responsible

Corporate Conduct

Board attendance

throughout the year

~97%

Board of Directors

The leadership of IndiaMART is spearheaded by a highly capable Board of Directors with

extensive industry expertise and specialised knowledge in their respective fields. As the

highest governance body, the Board ensures compliance with all relevant regulations

and provides strategic guidance on the economic, social, and environmental aspects

of sustainability.

Read more about our Board of Directors on page 44 of this report

73

72

Annual Report 2022-23

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STRATEGY REVIEW

ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Dear Member(s),

The Board of Directors of your Company take pleasure in presenting the Twenty-Fourth (24th) Annual Report of IndiaMART

InterMESH Limited (‘Company’), on the business and operations of the Company together with Audited Standalone & Consolidated

Financial Statements and the Auditor’s Report thereon for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 (‘FY 2023’).

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

A summary of the financial performance of the Company in FY 2023 is detailed below:

(‘Amount in ` Million’)

Particulars

Standalone

Consolidated

FY 2023

FY 2022

FY 2023

FY 2022

Revenue from Operations

9,388.17

7,507.70

9,853.99

7,534.85

Other Income

1,128.83

1,078.60

1,805.26

1,121.94

Total Income

10,517.00

8,586.30

11,659.25

8,656.79

Employee Benefit Expenses

3,992.19

2,628.47

4,247.35

2,675.52

Financial Cost

46.79

54.02

81.51

54.02

Depreciation and amortisation expenses

192.68

119.01

310.75

119.46

Other Expenses

2,779.76

1,758.31

2,927.81

1,780.87

Total Expenses

7,011.42

4,559.81

7,567.42

4,629.87

Exceptional items

52.61

-

-

-

Share in Net Profit/(loss) of Associate

-

-

(379.05)

(122.49)

Profit/(Loss) before tax

3,452.97

4,026.49

3,712.78

3,904.43

Total Tax Expenses

731.11

928.25

874.51

928.25

Profit/(Loss) for the year

2,721.86

3,098.24

2,838.27

2,976.18

Other Comprehensive income for the financial year

39.78

4.28

45.06

3.06

Total Comprehensive income/(loss) for the financial year

2,761.64

3,102.52

2,883.33

2,979.24

Earnings per Equity Share (`) - Face value of ` 10/- each

89.14

101.83

92.96

97.82

Note: The above figures are extracted from the Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements prepared in compliance with

Indian Accounting Standards (IND AS). The Financial Statements of the Company complied with all aspects of Indian Accounting

Standards (IND AS) notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read with the Companies (Indian Accounting

Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended from time to time and other relevant provisions of the Act.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND THE STATE OF

COMPANY’S AFFAIRS

The highlights of the Company’s performance on Standalone

basis are as under:

a)

Revenue from Operations reached ` 9,388.17 million

in FY 2023 as against ` 7,507.70 million in FY 2022, a

growth of around 25.05% year on year.

b)

The total income increased by 22.49% from ` 8,586.30

million in FY 2022 to ` 10,517.00 million in FY 2023.

c)

Operating EBITDA, in FY 2023, recorded a decrease of

16.17% over FY 2022 and stood at 2,616.21 million in

comparison with ` 3,120.91 million in FY 2022.

d)

Profit before tax (PBT) from ordinary activities (before

exceptional items) is ` 3,505.58 million in FY 2023 as

against ` 4,026.49 million in FY 2022.

DIVIDEND

Based on Company’s Performance and in terms of Dividend

Distribution Policy of the Company, the Board of Directors in its

meeting held on April 28, 2023 recommended a final dividend

of ` 20 (i.e., 200%) per equity share of ` 10 each fully paid-up

for FY 2023, subject to the approval of the members at the

ensuing Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) of the Company. The

Dividend will be payable to all those members whose names will

appear in the Register of Member as on the record date.

As per the provisions of Section 115 – O of Income-tax Act,

1961 and amendments introduced vide Finance Act, 2020,

w.e.f. April 01, 2020, Dividend paid or distributed by the

Company shall be taxable in the hands of the Members of the

Company. The Company shall accordingly make the payment

of the final dividend after deduction of tax at source.

Pursuant to Regulation 43A of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), the Company has

formulated and implemented the Dividend Distribution Policy

which is displayed on Company’s Website. The web-link for the

same is https://investor.indiamart.com/CorporateGovernance.

aspx.

TRANSFER TO RESERVES

The Company has not transferred any amount to the General

Reserve for the financial year ended March 31, 2023.

BUYBACK OF EQUITY SHARES

The Board of Directors of the Company approved, through a

resolution passed at its duly convened meeting held on April

28, 2022, buyback of upto 1,60,000 fully paid-up equity shares

of the Company having face value of ` 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten

Only), at a price of ` 6,250 (Indian Rupees Six Thousand Two

Hundred Fifty only) per equity share payable in cash, for an

aggregate amount not exceeding ` 100 Crores (Indian Rupees

One Hundred Crores only).

The buyback was approved for participation from all

shareholders / beneficial owners of the Equity Shares of

the Company, including promoters and members of the

promoter group, on a proportionate basis as on the Record

Date through the “Tender Offer” route, using mechanism for

acquisition of shares through stock exchange as prescribed

under Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of

Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (the “Buyback

Regulations”), the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules made

thereunder, as amended from time to time and such other

circulars or notifications issued by the Securities and Exchange

Board of India.

The Buyback of equity shares commenced on Thursday,

June 02, 2022 and closed on Wednesday, June 15, 2022.

During this buyback period, the Company extinguished a total

of 1,60,000 equity shares at a price of ` 6,250/- (Indian Rupees

Six Thousand Two Hundred Fifty Only) per Equity Share for an

aggregate amount not exceeding ` 100 Crores (Indian Rupees

One Hundred Crores only). The Buyback Offer Size represents

5.32% and 5.37% of the aggregate of the Company’s fully

paid-up capital and free reserves as per the standalone and

consolidated audited financial statements of the Company,

respectively, as on March 31, 2022, which was less than 10%

of the total paid-up equity share capital and free reserves of

the Company. The Buyback of equity shares was completed

on June 23, 2022.

The details of the Buyback are available on Company’s Website

and can be accessed through the web-link https://investor.

indiamart.com/buyback.aspx.

BONUS ISSUE

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on April 28,

2023, recommended issue of bonus shares, subject to the

approval of members of the Company in the Annual General

Meeting, to the holders of equity shares of the Company

in the proportion of 1 (one) equity share of ` 10/- (Rupees

Ten) each fully paid up for 1 (one) existing equity share

of ` 10/- (Rupees Ten) each fully paid up as on the record

date fixed for this purpose. The Bonus issue will be issued

out of Capital Redemption Reserve and balance from the

Securities Premium Account of the Company available as at

March 31, 2023.

MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS

As prescribed under Section 134(3) of the Act, there have been

no material changes and commitments affecting the financial

position of your Company which occurred between the end

of the financial year of the Company and date of this report,

except as disclosed elsewhere in report:

•

In the nature of Company’s Business, and

•

In the Company’s Subsidiaries or in the nature of business

carried out by them.

SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES OR ASSOCIATE

COMPANIES

As on March 31, 2023, the Company has five (5) Wholly-

owned Subsidiary Company(s), one (1) Subsidiary Company

and eight (8) Associate Company(s).

Wholly owned Subsidiary Companies:

1.

Busy Infotech Private Limited (‘BUSY’)

2.

Tradezeal Online Private Limited (‘TOPL’)

3.

Pay With Indiamart Private Limited (‘PWIPL’)

4.

Tolexo Online Private Limited (‘Tolexo’)

5.

Hello Trade Online Private Limited (‘HTOPL’)

Subsidiary Company:

1.

Livekeeping Technologies Private Limited (‘LIVEKEEPING’)

(Formerly known as Finlite Technologies Private Limited)

-

Livekeeping Private Limited (Wholly owned Subsidiary of

Livekeeping)

Associate Companies:

1.

Simply Vyapar Apps Private Limited (‘Vyapar’)

2.

Mobisy Technologies Private Limited (‘Mobisy’)

3.

IB MonotaRO Private Limited (‘Industry Buying’)

4.

Truckhall Private Limited (‘SuperProcure’)

5.

Adansa Solutions Private Limited (‘Realbooks’)

6.

Shipway Technology Private Limited (‘Shipway’)

7.

Edgewise Technologies Private Limited (‘EasyEcom’)

8.

Agillos E-Commerce Private Limited (‘Aerchain’)

Development/Performance and Financial Position of

each Subsidiary is presented below:

1.

Busy Infotech Private Limited (‘BUSY’): During the

financial year, the Company acquired 100% of the paid-

up capital of BUSY for an aggregate cash consideration

of ` 5,000 million and subsequently, became the wholly-

owned subsidiary of the Company on completion of the

acquisition on April 06, 2022.

Busy was incorporated on August 12, 1997 with the main

object to carry on the business for providing software and

solutions, which are Easy-to-use, Powerful, and Scalable.

Busy is one of the largest accounting software companies:

letter. The intimation which has been

furnished to stock exchanges can be accessed at https://

investor.indiamart.com/CorporateAnnouncements.aspx.

D)

Director liable to Retire By Rotation

Pursuant to Section 152 and other applicable provisions

of the Act, read with the Articles of Association of the

Company, one-third of the Directors, as are liable to

retire by rotation, shall retire every year and, if eligible,

may offer themselves for re-appointment at every

AGM. Accordingly, one of the Directors, other than an

Independent Director or: Managing

Managing Director & CEO)

DIN: 00191800:

Managing Director & CEO)

DIN: 00191800

Sd/-

Prateek Chandra

(Chief Financial Officer)

Sd/-

Manoj Bhargava

(Company Secretary)

Membership No.: F5164:

Managing Director & CEO)

DIN: 00191800

Sd/-

Vivek Narayan Gour

(Chairman CSRS Committee)

DIN: 00254383

COMPANY’S

PHILOSOPHY

ON

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

The Corporate Governance philosophy of IndiaMART

InterMESH Limited (‘Company’) is based on strong foundations

of ethical values, professionalism, focus on fairness and

transparency and is driven by the interest of the stakeholders.

Our corporate governance framework is guided by our core

values - Team Work, Responsible, Integrity and Passion (‘TRIP’),

which runs in the DNA of our business model.

The essence of Corporate Governance lies in promoting and

maintaining integrity, transparency and accountability in the

management’s higher echelons. The Company’s philosophy

aims at establishing the framework for attaining company’s

objectives while balancing the interests of all its stakeholders

and ensuring that the Company’s businesses are being

conducted in an accountable and fair manner. In keeping

view with its commitment to the principles of good Corporate

Governance, your Company has been upholding fair and

ethical business and corporate practices and transparency

in its dealings. The Company continuously endeavours to

review, strengthen and upgrade its systems and processes

to bring in transparency and efficiency in its various

business segments.

As a part of its Corporate Governance measures, the Company

aims to maintain transparency in its financial and statutory

reporting and keeps all its stakeholders informed about its

policies, performance and developments. The Company

encourages feedback from its stakeholders by way of a

structured online feedback mechanism, dedicated feedback

helpline 9696969696 for calls & WhatsApp, investor and

earning calls, emails, questions box options, etc. The Company

endeavours to provide constructive response and solutions

on the feedback received and has designated a Grievance

Officer to look into the concerns and offer amicable solution.

Importance is given to social media monitoring to address

any concerns raised therein and for taking adequate steps to

resolve the same at the earliest.

Annexure - 3

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, as amended, and forming part of the Boards’ Report for the financial year ended March 31, 2023]

Your Company adheres to the highest level of Governance

and always strives to adopt best global practices in Corporate

Governance and remains abreast with the continuous

developments in the industry’s Corporate Governance

systems. The entire framework is guided by a strong Board of

Directors and executed by a committed team of management

and employees.

During FY 2023, the Company has been awarded with the

‘Certificate of Recognition’ from the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India for ‘ICSI National Awards for Excellence in

Corporate Governance’.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors provide leadership and guidance to

the Company’s Management while discharging its fiduciary

responsibilities, directs as well as reviews business objectives,

management strategic plans and monitors the performance of

the Company.

The Company firmly believes that an active, well-informed

and independent Board is necessary to ensure the highest

standards of Corporate Governance to bring objectivity and

transparency in the management.

In conformity with Regulation 17 of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) and applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’), as amended from time to time,

your Company has a professional Board with right mix of

knowledge, skills, experience and expertise in diverse areas

with an optimum combination of Executive and Non-Executive

Directors including a Woman Director and requisite number

of Independent Director’s, although there is no designated

Chairman of the Board.

As on March 31, 2023, the Company’s Board is comprised of

six (6) Directors, of which two (2) are Executive Directors, one

(1) is a Non-Executive Director and three (3) are Independent

Non-Executive Directors including one (1) Woman Director.:

Managing Director

& CEO - Promoter

& Executive Director

5

5

Yes

1

-

0

0

85,90,559

2.

Mr. Brijesh

Kumar

Agrawal#

46

00191760 Whole-time

Director - Promoter

& Executive Director

5

5

Yes

3

-

1

0

58,21,329

3.

Mr. Dhruv

Prakash

71

05124958 Non-Independent

Non-Executive

Director

5

5

Yes

2

-

4

1

13,760

4.

Mr. Vivek

Narayan

Gour

60

00254383 Independent Non-

Executive Director

5

4

Yes

3

Cyient Limited –

Independent Director

Affle (India) Limited –

Independent Director

4

4

4,700

6.

Mr. Rajesh

Sawhney

57

01519511 Independent Non-

Executive Director

5

5

Yes

2

-

3

1

5,000

7.

Ms. Pallavi

Dinodia

Gupta^

42

06566637 Independent Non-

Executive Director

3

3

NA

3

Jagson Pal

Pharmaceuticals Limited

– Independent Director

Voith Paper Fabrics India

Limited – Independent

Director

4

1

129

NOTES:

* Excluding private companies, foreign companies and Section 8 companies as per the Act but including directorships in IndiaMART InterMESH Limited.

** Includes only Audit Committee & Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of Indian Public Companies, including Committees of IndiaMART

InterMESH Limited as per Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations.

# Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal and Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal are relatives to each other. Apart from this, none of the Directors are related to

each other.

^Appointed as an Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. October 20, 2022.

Ms. Elizabeth Lucy Chapman, Independent Director had resigned as an Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. October 07, 2022, while her

attendance in the Board meetings during her tenure was 100%.

The attendance of the Directors who attended the Board

Meetings during their tenure during FY 2023 was 97%.

As mandated under Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations

and based on the disclosures/intimations received from the

Directors periodically, none of the Directors of the Company

hold Chairmanships/Memberships more than the prescribed

limits.

BOARD MEETINGS

The Board meets atleast four (4) times a year to discuss and

review the Company’s performance, its quarterly audited

financial results along with the other agenda matters and meet

more often if Company needs merit additional oversight and

guidance. However, in case of business exigencies or urgency,

meetings are convened at a shorter notice with appropriate

approvals or certain resolutions are passed by circulation, as

permitted by law, which are noted in the subsequent meeting.

The Board and its Committees have complete access to all

relevant and timely information required for taking informed

decisions at the Board/Committee meetings. The Board/

Committee members are provided with well-structured notes

to agenda along with the available annexures, as applicable

atleast seven (07) days before the meetings except for the

meetings called at a shorter notice to enable the Directors

to take an informed decision or certain annexures are either

circulated before the meeting or placed before the meeting

upon being available. In exceptional circumstances, additional

or supplementary item(s) are taken up with permission of

the Chairman of the respective meeting and the consent of

the majority of Board/Committee members present at the

meeting. With a view to leverage technology and with the

perspective of environmental preservation, notice, notes to

agenda/presentations and minutes are circulated in electronic

form. Draft minutes of the Board and Committee meetings are

circulated to the Directors of the Company for their comments

and thereafter, noted by the Board/Committees at the next

meeting, if any. The necessary quorum was present for all the

Board and Committee meetings held during FY 2023.

During FY 2023, five (5) Board Meetings were held on April

28, 2022, July 21, 2022, October 20, 2022, January 19, 2023

and March 24, 2023 and the maximum gap between the two

(2) Board meetings did not exceed the statutory timeline of

one hundred and twenty (120) days.

Core Skills, Expertise and Competencies of the Board of

Directors

The Board comprises qualified members who bring in the

required skills, expertise and competencies from variety of

sectors that allows them to make effective contribution to the

Board and its Committees. Besides having financial literacy,

vast experience, leadership qualities and the ability to think

strategically, the Directors are committed to ensure highest

standards of corporate governance.

The following are the skills/expertise/competencies fundamental for the effective functioning of the Company which are currently

available with the Board:

S. No.

Skills / Expertise / Competence

Name of the Directors

1.

Expertise and knowledge in the field of information technology, telecom,

database and digitalisation and business environment

a)

Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal

b)

Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal

c)

Mr. Vivek Narayan Gour

d)

Mr. Rajesh Sawhney

e)

Mr. Dhruv Prakash

f)

Ms. Elizabeth Lucy Chapman#

2.

Expertise and knowledge in the field of finance, taxation, compliance

and corporate governance

a)

Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal

b)

Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal

c)

Mr. Vivek Narayan Gour

d)

Mr. Rajesh Sawhney

e)

Mr. Dhruv Prakash

f)

Ms. Pallavi Dinodia Gupta*

g)

Ms. Elizabeth Lucy Chapman#

3.

Knowledge of interpersonal skills and human resource management

a)

Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal

b)

Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal

c)

Mr. Vivek Narayan Gour

d)

Mr. Rajesh Sawhney

e)

Mr. Dhruv Prakash

f)

Ms. Pallavi Dinodia Gupta*

g)

Ms. Elizabeth Lucy Chapman#

4.

Knowledge of sales, marketing, corporate strategy and planning

a)

Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal

b)

Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal

c)

Mr. Vivek Narayan Gour

d)

Mr. Rajesh Sawhney

e)

Mr. Dhruv Prakash

f)

Ms. Pallavi Dinodia Gupta*

g)

Ms. Elizabeth Lucy Chapman#

*Appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. October 20, 2022.

#Resigned as an Independent Director w.e.f. October 07, 2022.

The profiles of the Directors of the Company can be accessed on the Company’s website at https://investor.indiamart.com/

BoardofDirectors.aspx.:

letter of

appointment to all the Independent Directors and terms

of engagement thereof have been disclosed on the

website of the Company at https://investor.indiamart.com/

CorporateGovernance.aspx. Ms. Pallavi Dinodia Gupta is

appointed as the Lead Independent Director of the Company

w.e.f March 24, 2023.

At the time of appointment and thereafter at beginning of

each financial year, the Independent Directors submit a self-

declaration confirming their independence and compliance

with eligibility criteria mentioned under the Act and Listing

Regulations including registration of their names as an

Independent Director in the data bank maintained with the

Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs.

Based on the disclosures received from all the Independent

Directors , the Board is of the opinion that all the Independent

Directors of the Company fulfil the conditions as specified in

the Act and Listing Regulations and are thereby independent

of the management of the Company. No Independent

Director serves as an Independent Director in more than 7

(seven) listed companies.

The

Company

has

obtained

the

Certificate

from

M/s Chandrasekaran Associates, Company Secretaries that

none of the Directors on the Board of the Company has

been debarred or disqualified for being appointed or

continuing as directors of the Companies by the SEBI/Ministry

of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority. The

Certificate is attached as Annexure - 10 forming an integral

part of this Report.

During FY 2023, Ms. Elizabeth Lucy Chapman (DIN:

06459440) tendered her resignation as an Independent

Director of the Company with effect from October 07, 2022

due to her preoccupations and personal commitments. She

also confirmed that there are no material reasons for her

resignation other than those provided in her resignation: letter.

The intimation furnished to stock exchanges can be accessed

at https://investor.indiamart.com/CorporateAnnouncements.

aspx.

Familiarisation Programme for Independent

Managing Director & CEO

1

1

3.

Mr. Brijesh Kumar

Agrawal

Member

Executive,

Whole-time Director

1

1

^Designated as Chairman of the Committee w.e.f. March 24, 2023.

7.

Risk Management Committee

The Company has a duly constituted Risk Management

Committee, in accordance with the requirements of

Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations. The terms of

reference of the Risk Management Committee includes

the matters specified under Regulation 21 and Part D

of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, as amended

from time to time, and other matters referred by the

Board. The primary role of the Risk Management

Committee includes identifying the risks impacting the

Company’s business and formulate the strategies aimed

at risk minimisation and risk mitigation as a part of risk

management.

a)

Terms of Reference:

The Board of Directors in their meeting held on April 28,

2022 modified the terms of reference of Risk Management

Committee to align the same with the Listing Regulations, as

amended. The terms of reference of the Risk Management

Committee, inter alia, include the following:

1.

To formulate a detailed risk management policy

which shall include:

a.

A framework for identification of internal

and external risks specifically faced by

the listed entity, in particular including

financial, operational, sectoral, sustainability

(particularly, ESG related risks), information,

cyber security risks or any other risk as may be

determined by the Committee.

b.

Measures for risk mitigation including systems

and processes for internal control of identified

risks.

c.

Business continuity plan.

2.

To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes

and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate

risks associated with the business of the Company;

3.

To monitor and oversee implementation of the

risk management policy, including evaluating the

adequacy of risk management systems;

4.

To periodically review the risk management policy,

at least once in two years, including by considering

the changing industry dynamics and evolving

complexity;

5.

To keep the board of directors informed about

the nature and content of its discussions,

recommendations and actions to be taken; and

6.

The

appointment,

removal

and

terms

of

remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if any)

shall be subject to review by the Risk Management

Committee.

b)

Composition, Meetings and Attendance

The Risk Management Committee meets atleast two (2) times in a year. During FY 2023, the Risk Management

Committee met two (2) times i.e., on September 20, 2022 and March 15, 2023. The Committee was also reconstituted

w.e.f October 20, 2022.

The Composition of the Risk Management Committee along with number of meetings and attendance details are as follows:

S.

No.

Name of the

Committee Member

Designation

Category

No. of meetings held

during the tenure

No. of meetings

attended

1.

Ms. Pallavi Dinodia

Gupta*

Chairperson

Non-Executive

Independent Director

1

1

2.

Mr. Vivek Narayan Gour

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

2

2

3.

Mr. Rajesh Sawhney

Member

Non- Executive

Independent Director

2

2

4.

Mr. Dhruv Prakash

Member

Non-Executive

Director

2

2

5.

Ms. Elizabeth Lucy

Chapman#

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

1

1

*Appointed as a member of the Committee w.e.f. October 20, 2022 and designated as a Chairperson of the Committee w.e.f.

March 24, 2023.

# Resigned as a member of the Committee w.e.f. October 07, 2022.

8.

Buyback Committee

The Board of Director’s in their meeting held on

April 28, 2022 constituted the Buyback Committee to

finalise the terms of Buyback including the schedule of

activities including the dates of opening and closing

of the Buyback, entitlement ratio, the timeframe for

completion of the Buyback and to do all such acts,

deeds, matters and things incidental and in connection

with the Buyback of the equity shares of the Company.

Subsequent to the completion of the Buyback, the

Committee was dissolved on July 21, 2022 by the Board

of Directors.

a)

Terms of Reference:

The terms of reference of the Buyback Committee,

inter alia, include the following:

1.

finalising the terms of Buyback including the

schedule of activities including the dates of opening

and closing of the Buyback, entitlement ratio, the

timeframe for completion of the Buyback;

2.

negotiation and execution of escrow arrangement(s)

in accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations;

3.

earmarking and making arrangements for adequate

sources of funds for the purpose of the Buyback

including arranging for bank guarantees as may

be necessary for the Buyback in accordance with

applicable laws;

4.

opening, operating and closing of all necessary

accounts for this purpose, including bank accounts,

trading account, depository accounts, escrow

account, special escrow account, and authorising

persons to operate such accounts;

5.

appointing and finalising the terms of designated

stock exchange, depository participants, compliance

officer,

advertising

agency

and

such

other

intermediaries/ agencies / persons including by the

payment of commission, brokerage, fee, charges

etc. and enter into agreements/ letters in respect

thereof;

6.

making all applications to appropriate authorities

for their requisite approvals, including approvals as

may be required from RBI under Foreign Exchange

Management Act, 1999 and the rules and

regulations framed thereunder, if any;:

letter of offer,

extinguishment of Equity Shares and certificate of

extinguishment and post-completion advertisement

which are required to be filed in connection with

the Buyback on behalf of the Board;

9.

extinguishment of dematerialised Equity Share

and physical destruction of the share certificates

in respect of the Equity Shares bought back by the

Company, and filing of certificate of extinguishment

required to be filed in connection with the Buyback

on behalf of the Company and/ or Board, as required

under applicable law;

10. decide the form (whether cash deposit or bank

guarantee) and the amount to be deposited in the

escrow account;

11. providing such confirmations and opinions as may

be required in relation to the Buyback;

12. creating and maintaining requisite statutory registers

and records and furnishing requisite returns to

Appropriate Authorities;

13. to deal with stock exchanges (including their

clearing corporations), and to sign, execute, and

deliver such documents as may be necessary or

desirable in connection with implementing the

Buyback using the “Mechanism for acquisition of

shares through Stock Exchange“ notified by SEBI

vide circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated

April 13, 2015 read with SEBI circular CFD/DCR2/

CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 09, 2016, SEBI/

HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2018/011 dated January 19,

2018 and circular bearing number SEBI/HO/CFD/

DCR-III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021

including any further amendments thereof;

14. to authorise officials of the Company to sign the

documents as may be necessary with regard

to the Buyback wherever necessary on relevant

documents required to be executed for the Buyback

and to initiate all necessary actions for preparation

and issue of various documents and such other

undertakings, agreements, papers, documents

and correspondence as may be necessary for the

implementation of the Buyback to the Appropriate

Authorities,

Registrar

of

Companies,

stock

exchanges, and depositories;

15. to settle and resolve any queries and difficulties by

SEBI, Stock Exchanges, ROC or any other authorities

whatsoever in connection to any matters incidental

to and ancillary to the Buyback;

16. carrying out incidental documentation and to

prepare applications and submit them to the

Appropriate Authorities for their requisite approvals;

17. obtaining all necessary consents, certificates and

reports from statutory auditors and other third

parties (including the lenders) as required;

18. to verify offer/acceptances received and finalize the

basis of acceptance;

19. giving any information, explanation, declarations

and confirmation in relation to the public

announcement, draft: letter of offer, letter of offer

as may be required by the relevant authorities;

20. To appoint any service provider, agency or any

professional firm or any other agency/firms whose

services are required for any activity directly or

indirectly connected with the aforesaid proposed

Buyback and to approve their terms of engagement

including but not limited to fee payable;

21. to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things

incidental and in connection with the Buyback

and deliver such documents as may be necessary,

desirable and expedient; and

22. delegating all or any of the authorities conferred

as above to any authorized representative(s) of the

Company to give effect to the aforesaid resolution

or to accept any change(s) or modification(s) as

may be suggested by the Appropriate Authorities

or advisors.

b)

Composition, Meetings and Attendance

During FY 2023, the Buyback Committee met two (2) times, i.e., on May 20, 2022 and June 21, 2022. The Composition of

the Buyback Committee along with number of meetings and attendance details are as follows:

S.

No.

Name of the

Committee Member

Designation

Category

No. of meetings held

during the tenure

No. of meetings

attended

1.

Mr. Dinesh Chandra

Agarwal

Member

Executive,

Managing

Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer.

3.

Shareholders Rights – The quarterly, half-yearly and

yearly audited results are published in the newspapers

with adequate disclosures and investor presentation, press

release, investor results, call transcript and video recording

are uploaded on the Company’s Website for information

and knowledge of the shareholders / public at large.

4.

Modified opinion(s) in Audit Report – There are no

audit qualifications for FY 2023.

5.

Reporting of Internal Auditor – The Internal Auditor

reports directly to the Audit Committee of the Board.

6.

Financial Results – The Company adopted a practice of

releasing audited financial results every quarter.

e)

Web-links

All the requisite policies and Code of Conduct including

the Policy of determining material subsidiaries is available

on the ‘Investors Relation’ section of the Company’s

website which can be accessed at https://investor.

indiamart.com/CorporateGovernance.aspx.

f)

Details of Utilisation of funds raised through

preferential allotment or qualified institutions

placement (“QIP”)

The Company allotted 12,42,212 equity shares through

Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) at an issue price

of ` 8,615 per equity share (including a premium of

` 8,605 per equity share) aggregating to ` 10,701.66

million on February 22, 2021. The issue was made in

accordance with the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended and

Sections 42 and 62 of the Act, as amended, including

the rules made thereunder. The proceeds of funds raised

under Qualified Institutional Placement of the Company

are utilised as per Objects of the Issue.

(` in Million)

Particulars

Amount

Gross Proceeds received from QIP

10,702

Less: Share issue Expenses

190

Net Proceeds received from QIP

10,512

Amount utilised for: Future growth and

expansion and any other general purposes

as may be permissible under the applicable

law and approved by the Board.

10,138

Unutilised Amount

374

g)

Total fees paid to the Statutory Auditors

The details of fees paid by the Company and its

subsidiaries to the Statutory Auditors and all entities in

the network firm / network of entity which Statutory

Auditors is a part, for FY 2023 are as under:

S. No.

Particulars

Amount

(In ` million)

1.

Statutory Audit Fee

7.81

2.

Other Services Fee

0.50

3.

Other Certification Fees

0.25

4.

Out-of-pocket reimbursement

0.53

TOTAL

9.09

h)

Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal Act, 2013)

The details of the complaints received during the financial

year under review are as follows:

S.

No.

Particulars

No. of

Complaints

1.

Complaints filed during the financial year

Nil

2.

Complaints disposed off during the

financial year

Nil

3.

Complaints pending as on end of the

financial year

Nil

i)

Details of ‘Loans and advances in the nature of

loans to firms/companies in which directors are

interested:

During FY 2023, no loan or advances have been given

to the firms/companies in which the directors of the

Company are interested.

j)

Details of material subsidiaries of the listed entity,

if any:

During FY 2023, there is no material subsidiary of

the Company.

k)

Non-compliance of Corporate Governance

There is no Non-Compliance of any requirement of

Corporate Governance Report of sub-para (2) to (10) of

the Part C of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMPLIANCE

The Company complies with the Corporate Governance

Requirements specified in Regulation 17 to 27 and Clauses

(b) to (i) of sub-regulation 2 of Regulation 46 of the Listing

Regulations. The Company submits a quarterly compliance

report on Corporate Governance duly signed by the

Compliance Officer to the Stock Exchanges within 21 (Twenty

One) days from the end of each quarter and the same are also

available on the website of the Company at https://investor.

indiamart.com/CorporateGovernance.aspx.

Further, in compliance with Regulation 34 and Schedule V of

Listing Regulations, a certificate from M/s Chandrasekaran

Associates, Company Secretaries confirming compliance

with the conditions of the Corporate Governance has been

attached as Annexure - 11 forming an integral part of

this report.

CODE FOR PREVENTION OF INSIDER-TRADING

PRACTICES

In compliance with the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Insider Trading Regulations’), the

Company has adopted a comprehensive Code of Conduct to

regulate, monitor and report trading by Insiders for Prevention

of Insider Trading for its Designated Persons, their immediate

relatives and Insiders. The said Code of Conduct prohibit

employees or any other person from dealing in the Equity:

Managing Director & CEO)

DIN: 00191800

DECLARATION OF THE: MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CEO

Pursuant to Part D Of Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

To,

The members of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited,

Sub: Compliance with Code of Conduct

I hereby declare that all the Board members and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed the compliance with the Code of

Conduct for

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Prateek Chandra, Chief Financial Officer

of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited, to the best of our knowledge and belief, certify that:

A.

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statements for the quarter and financial year ended

March 31, 2023 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

1.

These statements do not contain any materially untrue statements or omit any material facts or contain statements that

might be misleading;

2.

These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing

accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the quarter and financial year

ended March 31, 2023, are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

C.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and we have evaluated

the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the

auditors and the audit committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are

aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

D.

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit committee that:

1.

There has not been any significant change in internal control over financial reporting during the said quarter;

2.

There has not been any significant change in accounting policies during the said quarter and the same have been

disclosed in the notes to the financial statements; and

3.

We are not aware of any instances of significant fraud with involvement therein, of the management or an employee

having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Date: April 28, 2023

Place: Noida

Sd/-

Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Managing

Managing Director

& Chief Executive

Officer

58.93

Bachelor of Technology (Computer Science)

Since Incorporation

30

54 HCL Technologies (USA)

Permanent

28.06

2.

Mr. Brijesh Kumar

Agrawal1

Whole - Time

Director

42.84

Bachelor Business Management, Post Graduate

Diploma in Business Management

Since Incorporation

25

46 Miebach Logistics Gmbh

Permanent

19.01

3.

Mr. Dinesh Gulati2

Chief Operating

Officer (COO)

44.37

Bachelor of Technology (Chemical Engineering),

Post Graduate Program in Management

March 12, 2012

32

55 Indian Express Limited

Permanent

1.14

4.

Mr. Prateek Chandra1 Chief Financial

Officer (CFO)

28.65

Bachelor of Commerce,

Chartered Accountant

February 16, 2015

22

42 HT Media Limited

Permanent

0.38

5.

Mr. Amarinder Singh

Dhaliwal2

Chief Product

Officer (CPO)

17.45

Bachelor of Technology (Textile Technology), Post

Graduate Diploma in Management

June 27, 2016

27

51 Micromax Informatics Ltd

Permanent

0.14

6.

Mr. Parag Agarawal3

Senior Vice

President

42.63

Bachelor of Technology, Post Graduate Diploma

in Business Management

April 16, 2018

20

45 Aakash Educational Services

Private Limited

Permanent

0.01

7.

Mr. Vikas Deep

Verma

Senior Vice

President

38.59

Bachelor of Engineering (Computer Technology),

Master of Business Administration

May 02, 2017

19

44 Times Internet Ltd.

Permanent

0.03

8.

Mr. Sudhir Gupta

Senior Vice

President

29.14

Bachelor of Commerce,

Chartered Accountant

August 06, 2012

27

50 Videocon Tele-

communications Ltd.

Permanent

0.07

9.

Mr. Manoj Bhargava1 Group General

Counsel &

Company Secretary

12.41

Bachelor of Law, Bachelor of Commerce, Master

of Law, Company Secretary

December 28, 2017

22

47 Varun Beverages Limited

Permanent

0.01

10.

Mr. Vivek Agrawal2

Chief Information

Officer (CIO)

8.33

Bachelor of Technology, Post Graduate Program

in Management

December 20, 2010

14

40 Creative Lipi Webtech Pvt

Ltd

Permanent

0.02

11.

Mr. Abhishek Bhartia

Senior Vice

President

23.73

Bachelor of Commerce, Master of Business

Administration

Since incorporation

24

45 -

Permanent

0.31

12.

Mr. Devendra Singh

Senior Vice

President

23.63

Bachelor of Science

October 07, 2009

31

57 Monster.com India Pvt Ltd.

Permanent

0.09

13.

Mr. Amit Jain

Senior Vice

President

23.52

Bachelor of Science, Post Graduate Diploma in

Business Administration

March 10, 2000

23

43 -

Permanent

0.08

14.

Mr. Puneet Gupta

Vice President

19.72

Bachelor of Commerce, Chartered Accountant

August 10, 2015

19

39 BT eServ (India) Pvt. Ltd.

Permanent

0.02

15.

Mr. Vikram Varshney

Vice President

19.58

Bachelor Of Engineering (Electronics and

Communication)

November 14, 2016

16

36 Windoi Energy Private

Limited

Permanent

0.06

16.

Mr. Sunil Parolia

Senior Vice

President

18.27

Bachelor of Technology (Civil), Master of

Engineering (Civil)

March 15, 2017

23

55 One97 Communications

Limited

Permanent

0.05

17.

Mr. Samarendra

Pratap

Vice President

14.43

Bachelor of Science, Master of Computer

Application

July 04, 2011

19

43 Monster India Private Limited

Permanent

0.03

18.

Mr. Navendra Pratap

Singh

Vice President

12.98

Bachelor of Technology

May 12, 2014

17

40 Impetus Infotech India

Private Limited

Permanent

0.02

D.

Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel

in the last financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and

justification thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial

remuneration:

The increment on salaries of the employees is given basis the calendar year however for the increment of the managerial

personnel, financial year is being followed by the Company. Accordingly, the direct comparison of average percentile increase

in salaries of employees and the managerial personnel is not viable.

Further, in order to drive comparison, the weighted average increase in the salaries of the employees other than the

managerial personnel in last financial year was 16% whereas the average increase in the Managerial remuneration

was 15%.

It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration is as per Remuneration Policy of the Company.

On behalf of the Board

For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited

Place: Noida

Date: April 28, 2023

Sd/-

Brijesh Kumar Agrawal

(Whole Time Director)

DIN: 00191760

Sd/-

Dinesh Chandra Agarwal

(: Managing

Managing Director & CEO)

DIN: 00191800

To,

The Members

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited

1st Floor, 29-Daryaganj, Netaji Subash Marg,

New Delhi- 110002

We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance

of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good

corporate governance practices by IndiaMART InterMESH

Limited (hereinafter called “the Company”). Secretarial Audit

was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis

for evaluating the corporate conducts/ statutory compliances

and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers,

minute books, forms and returns filed and other records

maintained by the Company and also the information

provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized

representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit,

the explanations and clarifications given to us and the

representations made by the Management, we hereby report

that in our opinion, the company has, during the audit

period covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2023

(‘Audit Period’) complied with the statutory provisions listed

hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-

processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent,

in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter.

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and

returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for

the financial year ended on March 31, 2023 (“Period under

review”) according to the provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the rules made

thereunder;

(ii)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’)

and the rules made thereunder;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-

laws framed thereunder to the extent of Regulation 76 of

SEBI (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018;

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the

rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of

Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment

and External Commercial Borrowings to the extent

applicable;

(v)

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed

under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,

1992 (‘SEBI Act’):

a.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011;

b.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

c.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of

Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2018 to the extent applicable;

d.

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations,

2021 to the extent applicable;

e.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities)

Regulations, 2021; Not Applicable during the

period under review

f.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)

Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act

and dealing with client to the extent of securities

issued;

g.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting

of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; Not applicable

to the Company during the Audit Period

h.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-

back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 to the extent

applicable;

i.

The Management of the Company had confirmed

that no sector specific law applicable on the

Company.

We have also examined compliance with the applicable

clauses/Regulations of the following:

i)

Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company

Secretaries of India and notified by Ministry of Corporate

Affairs;

ii)

The Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015; (‘Listing Regulations’)

During the period under review, the Company has generally

complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations,

Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above.

We further report that:

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted

with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive

Directors and Independent Directors. The changes, in the

Annexure - 6

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

for the financial year ended March 31, 2023

[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder]:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure-A to this Report and forms an integral

part of this report.

ANNEXURE-A

To,

The Members

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited

1st Floor, 29-Daryaganj

Netaji Subash Marg New Delhi 110002

Our Report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on the random test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on random test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Date: April 27, 2023

Place: New Delhi

For Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

FRN: P1988DE002500

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1428/2021

Sd/-

Rupesh Agarwal

Managing Partner

Membership No. A16302

Certificate of Practice No. 5673

UDIN: A016302E000201850

This Report is limited to the Statutory Compliances on laws /regulations/ guidelines listed in our report which have been complied

by the Company up to the date of this Report pertaining to financial year ended March’ 2023.

Managing Director, Whole-time Director, Chief Financial Officer and

Company Secretary

8.

Turnover rate for permanent employees

(in percentages)

FY 23

FY 22

FY 21

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Sales & Servicing

60

91

52

50

62

48

29

43

30

Others*

20

22

72

37

38

56

33

32

39

*Includes Marketplace, Business Intelligence, Corporate, etc.

Note: The Company does not employ or engage with ‘worker’, as defined in the guidance note on BRSR, issued by SEBI

V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)

9.

Names of holding/subsidiary/associate companies/joint ventures

S.

No.

Name of the holding / subsidiary /

associate companies / joint ventures (A)

Indicate whether

holding/

Subsidiary/

Associate/ Joint

Venture

% of shares held

by listed entity

Does the entity

indicated at column

A, participate in the

Business Responsibility

initiatives of the listed

entity? (Yes/No)

1.

Tolexo Online Private Limited

Subsidiary

100

No

2.

Tradezeal Online Private Limited

Subsidiary

100

3.

Hello Trade Online Private Limited

Subsidiary

100

4

Pay With Indiamart Private Limited

Subsidiary

100

5

Busy Infotech Private Limited

Subsidiary

100

6

Livekeeping Technologies Private Limited*

Subsidiary

51.09

7

Simply Vyapar Apps Private Limited

Associate

27.45

8

Truckhall Private Limited

Associate

25.02

9

Shipway Technology Private Limited

Associate

26

10

Agillos E-Commerce Private Limited

Associate

26.23

11

Edgewise Technologies Private Limited

Associate

26.01

12

IB MonotaRO Private Limited

Associate

26

13

Mobisy Technologies

Associate

25.08

14

Adansa Solution Private Limited

Associate

26.01

*Formerly known as Finlite Technologies Private Limited

VI. CSR Details

10. a. Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013: Yes

b. Turnover (in `): 9,388.17 million

c. Net worth (in `): 20,644.10 million

VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances

11. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible

Business Conduct:

Stakeholder

group from

whom

complaint is

received

Grievance Redressal

Mechanism in Place

(Yes/No

FY 23

FY 22

(If Yes, then provide

web-link for grievance

redress policy)

Number of

complaints

filed during

the year

Number of

complaints

pending

resolution

at close of

the year

Remarks

Number of

complaints

filed during

the year

Number of

complaints

pending

resolution

at close of

the year

Remarks

Communities

Yes

4

0

-

2

0

-

Investors

(other than

shareholders)

Yes

0

0

-

0

0

-

Shareholders

Yes

48

1

The complaint pending

pertains to non-receipt

of final dividend for

FY 2021 and the same

was disposed of on

April 12, 2023

40

0

-

Employees and

workers

Yes

4

0

-

3

0

-

Customers

Yes

155

0

-

56

0

-

Value Chain

Partners^

Yes

0

0

-

0

0

-

Other (please

specify) - Buyers

Yes

28

0

-

30

0

-

Note: Refer our Terms of Use

Refer our Grievance Redressal Policy

^ Service Providers Code of Conduct in place. The same is annexed to Agreements & Contracts executed with them.

12. Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues

Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and social matters

that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach to adapt or mitigate the risk

along-with its financial implications, as per the following format

S.

No.

Material

issue

identified

Indicate

whether

risk or

opportunity

(R/O)

Rationale for identifying the risk /

opportunity

In case of risk,

approach to adapt

or mitigate

Financial implications

of the risk or

opportunity (Indicate

positive or negative

implications)

1

Governance

and Ethics

Risk

Set of rules, practices, and processes

which guide a company for day-to-day

operations and essentially balancing the

interests of the company's stakeholders

including shareholders. The basic principles

of corporate governance are accountability,

transparency, responsibility, stakeholder

inclusiveness, anti-corruption, and anti-

competitive behavior. Ethics relate to

the policies and processes in place to

achieve the outcomes that are aligned

to organisational development based on

human, cultural, economic, political and

social rights.

IndiaMART is

committed to adhering

to ethical business

standards through

robust corporate

governance, risk

management,

compliance system,

and vigil mechanism

Negative:

Managing Director & Chief Executive officer and

Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal, Whole-Time Director of the Company.

# Calculated on total monthly cost to company basis excluding ESOP perquisite and sales Incentives.

4.

Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues

caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes/No)

IndiaMART has robust processes in place to for employees to address their complaints or grievances to the Human Resource

department or to the Senior Management. There shall be no retaliation or reprisal taken against any employee or associate

who raises concerns. A committee may be formed or delegated to investigate the reported issues. The Committee is

responsible for evaluating the reported issues and ensuring that they are addressed and rectified. In collaboration with Senior

Management, the Committee may also recommend a suitable resolution.

5.

Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues

The Company is committed to uphold the dignity of every individual engaged or associated with the Company and eludes

all kinds of discrimination. The Employee Code of Conduct lays down the acceptable employee behaviour on various

aspects including human rights. All employees, with direct interface to customers, are trained to be polite and courteous

to customers under all circumstances. This focus on human rights extends towards all its interactions with stakeholders

with utmost importance placed on fairness and transparency. The Company also inculcates its Core Values i.e., Teamwork,

Responsible, Integrity and Passion (TRIPS) in its employees as part of their induction training ‘Shubhaarambh’. All elements

of equality for the company are covered by policies on human rights, which also include the company’s other rules like the

employee code of conduct, sexual harassment prevention, and whistle blower policies. In order to maintain high levels of

customer service and ensure ethical business practises across its value chain, the firm has established a code of conduct for

its service providers. By assuring adherence to this code of conduct, the company aims to provide its suppliers and customers

with services that are of the highest calibre possible. The code of conduct for service providers prohibits engaging in unlawful

practises, discloses any conflicts of interest, and forbids any antitrust breaches.

6.

Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:

FY 23

FY 22

Filed during

the year

Pending

resolution at

the end of

year

Remarks

Filed during

the year

Pending

resolution at

the end of

year

Remarks

Sexual Harassment

Nil

Nil

NA

Nil

Nil

NA

Discrimination at

workplace

Nil

Nil

NA

Nil

Nil

NA

Child Labour

Nil

Nil

NA

Nil

Nil

NA

Forced Labour/

Involuntary Labour

Nil

Nil

NA

Nil

Nil

NA

Wages

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

Other human rights

related issues

Nil

Nil

NA

Nil

Nil

NA:

Managing Director & CEO*

Nil

Nil

Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal, Whole-time Director*

Nil

Nil

Mr. Prateek Chandra, Chief Financial Officer

Nil

Nil

Mr. Manoj Bhargava, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Nil

Nil

*: Managing

Managing Director & CEO)

DIN: 00191800

A. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY

Though business operation of the Company is not

energy-intensive, the Company, being a responsible

corporate citizen, makes conscious efforts to reduce

its energy consumption. The Company aims to have

negligible negative impact on the environment by

identifying ways to optimize resource consumption in its

operations, although the very nature of the businesses of

the Company, internet enabled online marketplace, has

limited impact on environment. However, the Company

complies with applicable environmental regulation in

respect of premises and its operation.

Some of the initiatives undertaken by the Company on

a continuous basis to address environmental issues and

focus on a responsible and sustainable business growth

including during the year under review, are listed below:

1.

Steps taken or impact on conservation of energy:

i.

Offering a robust platform for free web presence

of green products and enabling its reach across

the country. The Company has made substantial

investment in creation of categories and catalogues

(‘VFCP’) of sustainable products, manufactured

using toxic-free ingredients and environmentally

friendly procedures, which are designed to minimize

environmental impacts and promote the adoption

of an eco-conscious lifestyle.

ii.

Our cloud-based ERP application, mobile extension

and digital L&D initiatives helped in quickly

transforming all the processes and enabling the

teams to work from the safety of their homes.

iii.

Rationalisation of usage of electrical equipment - air

conditioning system, office illumination, beverage

dispensers, desktops.

iv.

In compliance with the COVID-19 guidelines, the

temperature Setpoints have been revised to ensure

less power consumption.

v.

As a consequence, to the hybrid model being

followed by IndiaMART, employees are commuting

to the office lesser than earlier. Thereby reducing

fuel and resource wastages.

vi.

In addition to employing energy efficient technology

and methods in our data centres, best business

practices are employed when it comes to cloud

computing service infrastructure. The Company’s

data centre operations provider is certified with

‘Green Globes’, a green building initiative; ‘Energy

Annexure – 9

DISCLOSURES TO BE MADE PURSUANT TO SECTION 134(3)(M) OF THE COMPANIES

ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 8(3) OF THE COMPANIES (ACCOUNTS) RULES, 2014

Star’ for energy efficiency and the buildings are

‘LEED’ certified.

vii. Multiple initiatives are undertaken to educate

employees about environmental impacts and drive

environmentally sustainable business operations

including:

•

Focus on paperless working in our offices;

•

Encouraging employees to turn off lights in

unoccupied conference rooms and cabins for

saving energy costs;

•

Work from home/ remote working leading to

lesser electricity consumption;

•

Usage of energy efficient illumination fixtures

by installing green products/LED lights in

offices for reducing electricity;

•

Video conferencing leading to lesser travel;

•

Power factor rationalisation;

•

Signage timings rationalisation.

viii. Best Practices adopted by the company during FY 2023:

a)

Sensor Based Water Taps:

Sensor based water taps are installed in all the

facilities for a touch free environment. This initiative

helps in promoting hygiene and helped the company

to conserve water and minimize the water wastage.

b)

Regular Room Temperature Monitoring:

Regular monitoring of room temperature helps to

maintain temperature and humidity levels.

c)

Mass awareness:

i.

Periodic fire drills conducted to ensure that

employees are prepared at all times in case of

any exigency.

ii.

Informative mailers rolled out to all employees

to ensure safety measures (COVID protocol) is

necessarily adhered to.

iii.

Urgent medical requirements (blood or

plasma donation) are communicated to all the

employees as and when needed.

2.

Steps taken by the Company for utilising alternate

source of energy:

The business operations of the Company are not energy-

intensive, hence apart from steps mentioned above to

conserve energy, the management would also explore

feasible alternate sources of energy.:

Managing Director & CEO)

DIN: 00191800

Annexure - 10

CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C Clause (10)(i) of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)

To,

The Members

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited

CIN: L74899DL1999PLC101534

1st Floor, 29-Daryaganj, Netaji

Subash Marg, New Delhi-110002

We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited and having CIN:L74899DL1999PLC101534 and having Registered office at 1st Floor,

29-Daryaganj, Netaji Subash Marg, New Delhi-110002, India (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before us

by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C

Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number

(DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company & its

officers and based on declarations received from respective Directors. We hereby certify that as on Financial Year ended on March

31, 2023, none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below have been debarred or disqualified from being

appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs

or any such other Statutory Authority:

S. No.

Name of the Director

DIN

Date of appointment in Company

1.

Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal

00191800

September 13, 1999

2.

Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal

00191760

September 13, 1999

3.

Mr. Dhruv Prakash

05124958

October 28, 2015

4.

Mr. Rajesh Sawhney

01519511

January 27, 2011

5.

Mr. Vivek Narayan Gour

00254383

April 30, 2018

6.

Ms. Pallavi Dinodia Gupta

06566637

October 20, 2022

Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment/continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of

the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the

affairs of the Company.

Place: New Delhi

Date: April 27, 2023

For Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

FRN: P1988DE002500

Peer Review Certificate No: 1428/2021

Sd/-

Rupesh Agarwal

Managing Partner

Membership No. A16302

Certificate of Practice No. 5673

UDIN: A016302E000201905:

Managing Director & CEO)

(Whole-time Director)

Membership No.: 511565

DIN:00191800

DIN:00191760

Place: Gurugram

Prateek Chandra

Manoj Bhargava

Date: 28 April 2023

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

Place: Noida

Date: 28 April 2023

(Amount in INR million, unless otherwise stated)

STANDALONE BALANCE SHEET

as at 31 March 2023

Notes

As at

31 March 2023

As at

31 March 2022

Assets

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment

4

118.31

30.27

Capital work in progress

4

1.77

1.77

Right-of-use assets

5

412.60

528.43

Intangible assets

6

0.97

1.63

Investment in subsidiaries and associates

7

8,864.49

2,691.22

Financial assets

(i)

Investments

8

1,857.10

1,768.65

(ii)

Loans

8

0.84

0.74

(iii)

Other financial assets

8

40.67

39.02

Deferred tax assets (net)

26

19.00

-

Non-current tax assets (net)

18

65.49

231.91

Other non-current assets

11

0.54

24.98

Total Non-current assets

11,381.78

5,318.62

Current assets

Financial assets

(i)

Investments

8

21,519.68

22,994.11

(ii)

Trade receivables

9

15.82

13.26

(iii)

Cash and cash equivalents

10

501.09

452.78

(iv)

Bank balances other than (iii) above

10

1.66

272.77

(v)

Loans

8

4.36

447.68

(vi)

Other financial assets

8

134.69

106.86

Other current assets

11

47.30

43.52

Total Current assets

22,224.60

24,330.98

Total assets

33,606.38

29,649.60

Equity and Liabilities

Equity

Share capital

12

305.79

305.53

Other equity

13

20,338.31

18,615.88

Total Equity

20,644.10

18,921.41

Liabilities

Non-current liabilities

Financial liabilities

(i)

Lease liabilities

15

340.28

462.39

(ii)

Other financial liabilities

15

50.50

-

Contract liabilities

17

4,152.24

3,315.19

Provisions

16

184.31

226.12

Deferred tax liabilities (net)

26

-

156.42

Total Non-current liabilities

4,727.33

4,160.12

Current liabilities

Financial liabilities

(i)

Lease liabilities

15

118.80

100.41

(ii)

Trade payables

14

(a)

total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises

-

-

(b)

total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small

enterprises

254.79

182.96

(iii)

Other financial liabilities

15

218.04

194.29

Contract liabilities

17

7,191.74

5,750.78

Other current liabilities

17

349.22

290.16

Provisions

16

66.53

49.47

Current tax liabilities (net)

35.83

-

Total Current liabilities

8,234.95

6,568.07

Total Liabilities

12,962.28

10,728.19

Total Equity and Liabilities

33,606.38

29,649.60

Summary of significant accounting policies

2

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the standalone financial statements.

As per our report of even date

For B S R & Co. LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

Chartered Accountants

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited

ICAI Firm Registration No.: 101248W/ W-100022

Kanika Kohli

Dinesh Chandra Agarwal

Brijesh Kumar Agrawal

Partner

(: Managing

Managing Director & CEO)

(Whole-time Director)

Membership No.: 511565

DIN:00191800

DIN:00191760

Place: Gurugram

Prateek Chandra

Manoj Bhargava

Date: 28 April 2023

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

Place: Noida

Date: 28 April 2023

(Amount in INR million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director & CEO)

(Whole-time Director)

Membership No.: 511565

DIN:00191800

DIN:00191760

Place: Gurugram

Prateek Chandra

Manoj Bhargava

Date: 28 April 2023

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

Place: Noida

Date: 28 April 2023

STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

for the year ended 31 March 2023

(Amount in INR million, unless otherwise stated):

Letter

of Offer was made to all eligible shareholders. The Company bought back 160,000 equity shares out of the shares that were tendered by

eligible shareholders and extinguished the equity shares on 29 June 2022. Capital redemption reserve was created to the extent of share

capital extinguished of INR 1.60. The excess cost of buy-back of INR 1,012.78 (including INR 12.78 towards transaction cost of buy-back)

over par value of share and corresponding tax on buy-back of INR 232.59 were offset from retained earnings.

2.

i.

During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Company had raised money by the way of Qualified Institutions Placement (’QIP’) and

alloted 1,242,212 equity shares of face value INR 10 each to the eligible qualified institutional buyers (QIB) at a price of INR 8,615 per

equity share (including a premium of INR 8,605 per equity share) aggregating to INR 10,701.66 on 22 February 2021. The issue was

made in accordance SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended.

Expenses incurred in relation to QIP amounting to INR 189.67 were adjusted from Securities Premium Account which resulted into the

QIP’s net proceeds of INR 10,511.99.

Out of these proceeds, the Company has utilised till 31 March 2023 INR 10,138.42 (31 March 2022 : INR 3,954.17) towards purposes

specified in the placement document from the date of QIP. The balance amount of QIP’s net proceeds remain invested in liquid

instruments.

ii.

Out of the amount utilised from QIP’s net proceeds as mentioned in 2(i) above, INR 985.95 has been utilised through Tradezeal Online

Private limited, the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, details of the same are given below :-

Investment made through Tradezeal Online Private Limited

As at

31 March 2023

As at

31 March 2022

Truckhall Private Limited

185.10

110.10

Shipway Technology Private Limited

182.00

182.00

Legistify Services Private Limited

87.90

87.90

Agillos E-Commerce Private Limited

260.00

260.00

Edgewise Technologies Private Limited

133.45

133.45

Adansa Solutions Private Limited

137.50

-

Total

985.95

773.45

Other than as disclosed above, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share

premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the company to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign

entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Intermediary shall lend or

invest in party identified by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries).The company has not received any funds from

any party(s) (Funding Party) with the understanding that the company shall whether directly or indirectly lend or invest in other

persons or entities identified by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or provide any guarantee, security or the

like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.

a)

Terms/ rights attached to equity shares:

1)

The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of INR 10 per share. Each holder of equity is

entitled to one vote per share.

2)

In event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares would be entitled to receive remaining assets of the

Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity

shares held by the shareholders.

12 SHARE CAPITAL (Contd.):

Managing Director & CEO

Brijesh Kumar Agrawal

Whole time director

Prateek Chandra

Chief financial officer

Manoj Bhargava

Company Secretary

Dhruv Prakash

Non-executive director

Rajesh Sawhney

Independent director

Elizabeth Lucy Chapman

Independent director (Resigned with effect from 07 October 2022)

Vivek Narayan Gour

Independent director

Pallavi Dinodia Gupta

Independent director (Appointed with effect from 20 October 2022)

c)

Entities where Individuals and Key Management Personnel (KMP) as defined above exercise significant

influence

Mansa Enterprises Private Limited

Mynd Solutions Private Limited

d)

Other related parties

Indiamart Employee Benefit Trust (administered Trust to manage employees share based payment plans of the company)

Indiamart Intermesh Employees Group Gratuity Assurance Scheme (administered Trust to manage post employment

defined benefits of employees of the company)

ii)

Key management personnel compensation

For the year ended

31 March 2023

For the year ended

31 March 2022

Short-term employee benefits

154.26

137.24

Post- employment benefits

0.04

0.25

Other long-term employee benefits

1.79

0.36

Employee share based payment

13.76

5.46

169.85

143.31

The following table provides the total amount of transactions that have been entered into with the related parties for the

relevant financial year:

Particulars

For the year ended

31 March 2023

For the year ended

31 March 2022

Entities where KMP and Individuals exercise Significant influence

Expenses for rent

Mansa Enterprises Private Limited

2.64

1.73

Purchase of Investment

Mynd Solutions Private Limited

240.68

-

Sale of Investment

Mynd Solutions Private Limited

137.31

-

Key management personnel (KMP)

Recruitment and training expenses

Dhruv Prakash

2.25

-

33 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Contd.):

Managing Director & CEO)

(Whole-time Director)

Membership No.: 511565

DIN:00191800

DIN:00191760

Place: Gurugram

Prateek Chandra

Manoj Bhargava

Date: 28 April 2023

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

Place: Noida

Date: 28 April 2023:

Managing Director & CEO)

(Whole-time Director)

Membership No.: 511565

DIN:00191800

DIN:00191760

Place: Gurugram

Prateek Chandra

Manoj Bhargava

Date: 28 April 2023

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

Place: Noida

Date: 28 April 2023

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS

for the year ended 31 March 2023

Notes

For the year ended

31 March 2023

For the year ended

31 March 2022

Income:

Revenue from operations

19

9,853.99

7,534.85

Other income

20

1,805.26

1,121.94

Total income

11,659.25

8,656.79

Expenses:

Employee benefits expense

21

4,247.35

2,675.52

Finance costs

22

81.51

54.02

Depreciation and amortisation expense

23

310.75

119.46

Other expenses

24

2,927.81

1,780.87

Total expenses

7,567.42

4,629.87

Net profit before share of loss in associates and tax

4,091.83

4,026.92

Share in net loss of associates

(379.05)

(122.49)

Profit before tax

3,712.78

3,904.43

Income tax expense

Current tax

26

950.11

980.47

Deferred tax

26

(75.60)

(52.22)

Total tax expense

874.51

928.25

Net profit for the year

2,838.27

2,976.18

Other comprehensive income

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

Re-measurement gain on defined benefit plans

60.37

4.50

Income tax effect

(15.31)

(1.44)

Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax

45.06

3.06

Total comprehensive income for the year

2,883.33

2,979.24

Earnings per equity share:

25

Basic earnings per equity share (INR) - face value of INR 10 each

92.96

97.82

Diluted earnings per equity share (INR) - face value of INR 10 each

92.63

96.84

Summary of significant accounting policies

2

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

As per our report of even date attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

Chartered Accountants

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited

ICAI Firm Registration No.: 101248W/W-100022

Kanika Kohli

Dinesh Chandra Agarwal

Brijesh Kumar Agrawal

Partner

(: Managing

Managing Director & CEO)

(Whole-time Director)

Membership No.: 511565

DIN:00191800

DIN:00191760

Place: Gurugram

Prateek Chandra

Manoj Bhargava

Date: 28 April 2023

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

Place: Noida

Date: 28 April 2023

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

for the year ended 31 March 2023

Particulars

Notes

For the year ended

31 March 2023

For the year ended

31 March 2022

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Profit before tax for the year

3,712.78

3,904.43

Adjustments for:

Depreciation and amortisation expense

23

310.75

119.46

Interest, dividend and other income

20

(32.22)

(60.87)

Gain on de-recognition of Right-of-use assets

20

(4.71)

(1.76)

Provisions and liabilities no longer required written back

20

(1.55)

(7.30)

Fair value gain on measurement, interest and income from sale of mutual funds,

exchange traded funds, bonds, debentures, units of investment trust and alternative

investment funds

20

(908.20)

(1,030.24)

Fair value gain on measurement and sale of Investment in other entities

20

(837.99)

(7.72)

Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment

20

(2.86)

(1.56)

Finance costs

22

81.51

54.02

Allowances for doubtful debts

0.18

0.72

Share-based payment expense

21

265.66

102.73

Gain on sale of investment in Associates

20

(0.28)

-

Share of net loss of associates

379.05

122.49

Operating profit before working capital changes

2,962.12

3,194.40

Net changes in:

Trade receivables

27.20

(1.51)

Other financial assets

(3.47)

(62.31)

Other assets

(2.77)

(5.20)

Other financial liabilities

33.13

1.62

Trade payables

72.89

29.29

Contract liabilities

2,332.76

1,809.37

Provisions and other liabilities

90.90

28.70

Cash generated from operations

5,512.76

4,994.36

Income tax paid (net)

(754.48)

(971.22)

Net cash generated from operating activities

4,758.28

4,023.14

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

11.55

1.81

Purchase of property, plant and equipment, other intangible assets and capital

advances

(172.03)

(44.18)

Purchase of current investments

(21,825.59)

(27,543.20)

Inter-corporate deposits placed with financials institutions

(52.12)

(437.03)

Redemption of inter-corporate deposits placed with financials institutions and body

corporates

448.95

721.60

Proceeds from sale of current investments

22,960.84

27,623.65

Interest and dividend received

535.68

174.55

Payment for acqusition (net of cash acquired)

(5,068.37)

-

Investment in bank deposits (includes earmarked balances with bank) (having

original maturity of more than three months)

(1.86)

(274.66)

Redemption of bank deposits

371.29

377.97

Investment in associates and other entities

(724.13)

(3,954.16)

Proceeds from sale of investment in associates and other entities

275.69

-

Net cash used in investing activities

(3,240.10)

(3,353.65)

(Amount in INR million, unless otherwise stated)

(Amount in INR million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director & CEO)

(Whole-time Director)

Membership No.: 511565

DIN:00191800

DIN:00191760

Place: Gurugram

Prateek Chandra

Manoj Bhargava

Date: 28 April 2023

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

Place: Noida

Date: 28 April 2023

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

for the year ended 31 March 2023

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

for the year ended 31 March 2023

1.

CORPORATE INFORMATION

IndiaMART Intermesh Limited (“the Company” or “the

Parent Company”) is a public company domiciled in India

and was incorporated on 13 September 1999 under the

provisions of the Companies Act applicable in India. The

equity shares of the Company are listed on BSE Limited and

National Stock Exchange of India. The Company and its

consolidated subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred

to as “the Group”) is an e-marketplace for business

needs, which acts as an interactive hub for domestic and

international buyers and suppliers. The registered office of

the Company is located at 1st Floor, 29-Daryagang, Netaji

Subash Marg New Delhi-110002, India.

The consolidated financial statements were authorised for

issue in accordance with a resolution passed by Board of

Directors on 28 April 2023.

2.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

2.1 Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared

on the historical cost basis as explained in the accounting

policies below, except for the following:

•

certain financial assets and liabilities measured at fair

value where Ind AS requires a different accounting

treatment (refer accounting policy regarding financial

instruments);

•

share-based payments

•

net defined benefit (asset)/liability - Fair value of

plan assets less present value of defined benefit

obligations.

The preparation of these consolidated financial statements

requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates

and judgements. It also requires the management

to exercise judgement in the process of applying the

Group’s accounting policies. The areas where estimates

are significant to the consolidated financial statements,

or areas involving a higher degree of judgement or

complexity, are disclosed in Note 3.

2.2 Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements comprise the

financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries

and associates as at 31 March 2023. Control is achieved

when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable

returns from its involvement with the investee and has

the ability to affect those returns through its power over

the investee. Specifically, the Group controls an investee

if and only if the Group has:

•

Power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give

it the current ability to direct the relevant activities

of the investee)

•

Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its

involvement with the investee, and

•

The ability to use its power over the investee to affect

its returns

Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting

rights result in control. To support this presumption and

when the Group has less than a majority of the voting

or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all

relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it

has power over an investee, including:

•

The contractual arrangement with the other vote

holders of the investee

•

Rights arising from other contractual arrangements

•

The Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights

•

The size of the group’s holding of voting rights

relative to the size and dispersion of the holdings of

the other voting rights holders.

Group subsidiaries and associates are as follows:

S.

No.

Name of Subsidiaries and Associates and

date of shareholding

Proportion of

ownership interest

as at 31 March, 2023

Proportion of

ownership interest

as at 31 March 2022

(A)

Subsidiaries:

1

Tradezeal Online Private Limited (from 31 May 2005)

(formerly Known as Tradezeal International Private Limited)

100.00%

100.00%

2

Hello Trade Online Private Limited (from 03 July 2008)

100.00%

100.00%

3

Busy Infotech Private Limited (from 06 April 2022)

100.00%

-

4

Livekeeping technologies Private Limited (Formerly known

as Finlite Technologies Private Limited) (from 23 May 2022)

51.01%

-

5

Pay With IndiaMART Private Limited (from 07 February 2017)

100.00%

100.00%

6

Tolexo Online Private Limited (from 28 May 2014)

100.00%

100.00%

(Amount in INR million, unless otherwise stated):

Letter

of Offer was made to all eligible shareholders. The Company bought back 160,000 equity shares out of the shares that were tendered by

eligible shareholders and extinguished the equity shares on June 29, 2022. Capital redemption reserve was created to the extent of share

capital extinguished of INR 1.60. The excess cost of buy-back of INR 1,012.78 (including INR 12.78 towards transaction cost of buy-back) over

par value of share and corresponding tax on buy-back of INR 232.59 were offset from retained earnings.

2

Utilisation of Qualified Institutions Placement (’QIP’) funds

(i) During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Company had raised money by the way of QIP and alloted 1,242,212 equity shares of face value

INR 10 each to the eligible qualified institutional buyers (QIB) at a price of INR 8,615 per equity share (including a premium of INR 8,605

per equity share) aggregating to INR 10,701.66 Millions on 22 February 2021. The issue was made in accordance SEBI (Issue of Capital and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended.

Expenses incurred in relation to QIP amounting to INR 189.67 has been adjusted from Securities Premium Account which resulted into the

QIP’s net proceeds of INR 10,511.99.

Out of these proceeds, the Company has utilised till 31 March 2023 INR 10,138.42 (31 March 2022 : 3,954.17) towards purposes specified

in the placement document from the date of QIP. The balance amount of QIP’s net proceeds remain invested in liquid instruments.:

Managing Director & CEO

Brijesh Kumar Agrawal

Whole time director

Prateek Chandra

Chief financial officer

Manoj Bhargava

Company Secretary

Dhruv Prakash

Non-executive director

Rajesh Sawhney

Independent director

Elizabeth Lucy Chapman

Independent director (Resigned with effect from 07 October 2022)

Vivek Narayan Gour

Independent director

Pallavi Dinodia Gupta

Independent director (Appointed with effect from 20 October 2022)

c)

Entities where Individuals and Key Management Personnel (KMP) as defined above exercise significant

influence

Mansa Enterprises Private Limited

Mynd Solutions Private Limited

d)

Other related parties

Indiamart Employee Benefit Trust (administered Trust to manage employees share based payment plans of the Company)

Indiamart Intermesh Employees Group Gratuity Assurance Scheme (administered Trust to manage post-employment

defined benefits of employees of the Company)

ii)

Key management personnel compensation

For the year ended

31 March 2023

For the year ended

31 March 2022

Short-term employee benefits

154.26

137.24

Post-employment benefits

0.04

0.25

Other long-term employee benefits

1.79

0.36

Employee share based payment

13.76

5.46

169.85

143.31:

Director's sitting fees

4.86

3.55

Dividend paid

Dinesh Chandra Agarwal

17.18

129.46

Brijesh Kumar Agrawal

11.64

87.73

Prateek Chandra

0.23

1.46

Manoj Bhargava

0.01

0.01

Rajesh Sawhney

0.01

0.08

Dhruv Prakash

0.03

0.38

Vivek Narayan Gour

0.01

0.15

Associates

Investment in associates

Truckhall Private Limited

75.00

110.10

Shipway Technology Private Limited

-

182.00

Agillos E-Commerce Private Limited

-

260.00

Edgewise Technologies Private Limited

-

133.45

IB MonotaRO Private Limited

-

1,041.77

Simply Vyapar Apps Private Limited

39.78

615.50

Adansa Solutions Private Limited

137.50

-

Mobisy Technologies Private Limited

231.18

-

Sale of Investment in associates

Ten Times Online Pvt. Ltd

1.21

-

Web & Advertisement services provided to

Simply Vyapar Apps Private Limited

16.47

8.43

IB Monotaro Private Limited

0.32

-

Internet and online services availed

Ten Times Online Private Limited

0.05

0.17

Particulars

For the year ended

31 March 2023

For the year ended

31 March 2022

Miscellaneous services provided to

Simply Vyapar Apps Private Limited

0.43

2.38

Indiamart Employee Benefit Trust

Interest free Loan given

-

0.50

Repayment of loan given

-

2.00

Share capital issued

2.10

1.73

Dividend paid

0.15

3.31

Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties

The transactions with related parties are entered on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions.

Outstanding balances as at the year end are unsecured and interest free and settlement occurs in cash. There have been no

guarantees provided or received for any related party receivables or payables. This assessment is undertaken each financial

year through examining the financial position of the related party and the market in which the related party operates.

The following table discloses the related parties balances at the year end:

Balance Outstanding at the year end

As at

31 March 2023

As at

31 March 2022

Key management personnel

Loans

Manoj Bhargava

-

1.50

Investment in equity instruments of associates (At cost)*

Simply Vyapar Apps Private Limited

967.30

927.52

Ten Times Online Private Limited

-

0.93

Truckhall Private Limited

110.10

110.10

Shipway Technology Private Limited

182.00

182.00

Agillos E-Commerce Private Limited

260.00

260.00

Edgewise Technologies Private Limited

133.45

133.45

IB MonotaRO Private Limited

1,041.77

1,041.77

Adansa Solutions Private Limited

137.50

-

Mobisy Technologies Private Limited

463.89

-

Investment in debt instruments of associates (At FVTPL)

Truckhall Private Limited

75.00

-

Mobisy Technologies Private Limited

80.00

-

Trade receivables

Simply Vyapar Apps Private Limited

2.00

-

Deferred Revenue

Simply Vyapar Apps Private Limited

2.53

1.01

IB Monotaro Private Limited

1.10

-

Investment in Entities where KMP and Individuals exercise Significant

influence

Mynd Solutions Private Limited

577.36

-

*Does not include share of profit/loss of associate as accounted under equity method

33 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Contd.)

33 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Contd.):

Managing Director & CEO)

(Whole-time Director)

Membership No.: 511565

DIN:00191800

DIN:00191760

Place: Gurugram

Prateek Chandra

Manoj Bhargava

Date: 28 April 2023

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

Place: Noida

Date: 28 April 2023

S.

No.

Name of the struck off company

Nature of Transactions

Relationship

31 March 2022

Transaction

amount

Balance

outstanding

119 Amruta Pharmaceutical Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

120 Luxorian Corporate Services Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

121 Tgs Vertical Transportation Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

122 Gdc Agro Foods Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

123 Purplepro It Solutions India Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

124 Telesis Consultancy Services Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

125 Tot'Strunk Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

126 Goeco Solar Power Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

127 Vividha Arts Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

128 Striker Security Services Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

129 Heritage Manufacturing Company Private

Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

130 Brivon Pharmatec Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

131 D1 Engineering And Constructions (Opc)

Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

132 Incon Technologies Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

133 Eleczio (Opc) Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

134 Lunatic Craftwork Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

135 Akara Exim Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

136 Ovata Seal Construction Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

137 Dpass Multi Solutions Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

138 Strawsun Manufacture Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

139 Gintara Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

140 Solsun Power (Opc) Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

141 Ashwanthana Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

142 Abba Cure & Care Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

143 Dream Success Inframart Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

144 We Sprout Landscapers (Opc) Private

Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

145 Ab Brothers Private Limited (Opc)

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

146 Nlive Electronics India Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

147 Clarismart Technologies Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

148 Kings And Queens Impex Private Limited (Opc) Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

149 Majesty Aaron Elevators India Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

150 Alfatech Thermal Engineers Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

151 Kagazi Crafts Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

152 Oum Sound & Acoustic Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

153 Seastar Watersport Products Private Limited Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

154 Jingea Art Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

155 Naksh Technologies Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

156 Rrootofly Online Services Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

157 Rubicon Ro Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

158 Aqua Purity Industries Private Limited

Revenue and contract liabilities

Customer

-*

-*

159 Puran Associates Private Limited

-

Shareholders #

-

-

160 Avanti Realtors Private Limited

-

Shareholders #

-

-

161 Rishiroop Polymers Pvt Ltd

-

Shareholders #

-

-

162 Ratna Commercial Enterprises Pvt Ltd

-

Shareholders #

-

-

* Less than INR 1.00 Million.

# Shareholders means persons holding the securities of the Company.

40 EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

a)

The Group has evaluated all the subsequent events through 28 April 2023, which is the date on which these consolidated

financial statements were issued, and no events have occurred from the balance sheet date through that date except for

matters that have already been considered in the consolidated financial statements.

b)

Dividend

Dividend declared by the Company is based on the profit available for distribution. On 28 April 2023, the Board of Directors

of the Company have proposed a final dividend of INR 20/- per share in respect of the year ended 31 March 2023.

c)

Bonus issue

On April 28, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company proposed issuance of 1:1 bonus shares on fully paid equity shares

having face value of INR 10 per share, subject to approval of the shareholders. In the event of approval by the shareholders

of the proposed Bonus issue, post adjusting for this Bonus issue, the Basic Earnings per equity share would have been

INR 46.48 per share and INR 48.91 per share for the year ended 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2022 respectively, and Diluted

Earnings per equity share would have been INR 46.32 per share and INR 48.42 per share for the year ended 31 March 2023

and 31 March 2022 respectively.:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal

(DIN: 00191760)

Whole-time Director

Mr. Dhruv Prakash

(DIN: 05124958)

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

Ms. Elizabeth Lucy Chapman*

(DIN: 06459440)

Non-Executive Independent Director

Mr. Rajesh Sawhney

(DIN: 01519511)

Non-Executive Independent Director

Mr. Vivek Narayan Gour

(DIN: 00254383)

Non-Executive Independent Director

Ms. Pallavi Dinodia Gupta**

(DIN: 06566637)

Non-Executive Independent Director

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Prateek Chandra

Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

Mr. Manoj Bhargava

Secretarial Auditors

Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

Statutory Auditors

BSR & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Registrar and Transfer Agent

Link Intime India Private Limited

Noble Heights, 1st Floor,

Plot No. NH-2, C-1 Block, LSC,

Near Savitri Market, Janakpuri,

New Delhi - 110058

Email: delhi@linkintime.co.in

Website: www.linkintime.co.in

Tel: +011-49411000

Registered Office of the Company

1st Floor, 29-Daryaganj,

Netaji Subash Marg,

New Delhi - 110002

Website: http://investor.indiamart.com

Email: cs@indiamart.com

Tel: +91-11-45608941

Corporate Office of the Company

6th Floor, Tower 2,

Assotech Business Cresterra,

Plot No. 22, Sector 135, Noida - 201305,

Uttar Pradesh, India

Tel: +91-9696969696

*Resigned from the Board of the Company w.e.f., October 07, 2022

**Appointed on the Board of the Company w.e.f., October 20, 2022

NOTES:

