letter dated May 26, 2023, submitted under Regulation 42 of LODR,

please find attached herewith a copy of the Notice dated July 14, 2023 convening the 28th Annual General Meeting

(AGM) of the Company on Friday, August 25, 2023 at 05:30 P.M. through Video Conferencing (VC)/Other Audio

Visual Means (OAVM) and Annual Report for FY 2022-23. The venue of the meeting shall be deemed to be the

Registered Office of the Company at GF-12A, 94, Meghdoot Building, Nehru Place, New Delhi-110019.

In compliance with the General Circular No. 10/2022 dated December 28, 2022 issued by the Ministry of

Corporate Affairs (MCA) and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/4 dated January 5, 2023 issued by

the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), copy of the AGM Notice and Annual Report will be sent to

the members for this AGM by electronic means only.

This is to further inform you that the Company has completed the electronic dispatch of the Notice and Annual

Report for FY 2022-23 today i.e. Tuesday, August 1, 2023. A copy of the Annual Report and AGM Notice sent

to the shareholders is also attached herewith for your reference.

The Annual Report for FY 2022-23 and AGM Notice 2023 have been uploaded on the website of the Company

&

may

be

accessed

by

following

the

links

https://www.infoedge.in/pdfs/Report_filings/InfoEdge_Annual_Report_2023.pdf

and

https://www.infoedge.in/pdfs/Report_filings/28th_AGM_Notice_2023.pdf and websites of the Stock Exchanges

i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com

respectively,

and

on

the

website

of

National

Securities

Depository

Limited

(NSDL)

https://www.evoting.nsdl.com.

A schedule of events relating to the AGM and Dividend is set out below:

Event

Date

Time

Relevant Date/Cut-off date to vote on AGM Resolutions

Friday, August 18, 2023

N.A.

Commencement of E-voting

Monday, August 21, 2023

09:00 A.M

End of E-voting

Thursday, August 24, 2023

05:00 P.M

Final Dividend Record date

Friday, July 28, 2023

N.A

Final Dividend Payment date

On or after September 5, 2023

N.A

AGM

Friday, August 25, 2023

05:30 P.M.

You are requested to take the same on record.

Thanking You,

Yours Faithfully,

For Info Edge (India) Ltd.

Jaya Bhatia

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Encl.: as above

JAYA

BHATIA

Digitally signed

by JAYA BHATIA

Date: 2023.08.01

20:28:00 +05'30':

letter, etc. authorizing their representatives to attend the

AGM to the scrutinizer by e-mail to shashikant@cacsindia.com.

Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM shall be reckoned for the purpose of quorum under Section 103

of the Act.

3.

An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act is annexed hereto. Further, Information under

Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing

Regulations’) and Secretarial Standard-2 in respect of the Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment at the

AGM (Item nos. 3, 4 & 6 of the Notice) is given in Annexure-A to the Notice.

4.

The Company has fixed Friday, July 28, 2023, as the ‘Record Date’ for determining the entitlement of members for

payment of final dividend for FY23, if approved at the AGM and for the purpose of voting on resolutions set out

in the Notice.

5.

Final dividend of `9/- per equity share of `10/- each for the year ended March 31, 2023, has been recommended

by the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on May 26, 2023, subject to the approval of the members at the

AGM. The final dividend, once approved by the members in the ensuing AGM, will be paid on or after September

5, 2023.

6.

The final dividend for FY23 will be paid electronically through various online transfer modes to those members

who have updated their bank account details. For members who have not updated their bank account details,

dividend warrants/demand drafts/cheques will be sent out to their registered addresses. To avoid delay in

receiving dividend, members are requested to update their KYC with their depositories (where shares are held in

dematerialized mode) and with the Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent, M/s. Link Intime India Private Limited

(‘Linkintime or RTA’) (where shares are held in physical mode) to receive dividend directly into their bank account

on the payout date.

7.

Members may note that the Income-tax Act, 1961, (‘the IT Act’) as amended by the Finance Act, 2020, mandates

that dividends paid or distributed by a company after April 1, 2020 shall be taxable in the hands of members. The

Company shall therefore be required to deduct tax at source (‘TDS’) at the time of making the payment of final

dividend. In order to enable us to determine the appropriate TDS rate as applicable, members are requested to

submit relevant documents, as specified in the below paragraphs, in accordance with the provisions of the IT Act.

For resident shareholders, taxes shall be deducted at source under Section 194 of the IT Act as follows:

Members having valid Permanent Account Number (‘PAN’) 10% or as notified by the Government of India

Members not having PAN/Invalid PAN

20% or as notified by the Government of India

However, no TDS shall be deducted on the dividend payable to a resident individual if the total dividend to be

received by them during FY24 does not exceed `5,000/- and also in cases, where members provide Form 15G

(applicable to an individual aged less than 60 years)/Form 15H (applicable to individual aged 60 years or more)

subject to conditions specified in the IT Act. Resident shareholders may also submit any other document as

prescribed under the IT Act to claim a lower/nil withholding tax. PAN is mandatory for members providing Form

15G/15H or any other document as mentioned above.

Non-resident shareholders [including Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs)] can

avail beneficial rates under tax treaty between India and their country of tax residence, subject to providing

necessary documents i.e. No Permanent Establishment and Beneficial Ownership Declaration, Tax Residency

Certificate, Form 10F or any other document which may be required to avail the tax treaty benefits.

Members are requested to visit https://www.infoedge.in/InvestorRelations/Investor_Services_Tax for

format of relevant declaration(s), instructions and information on this subject.:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

Whole-time Director &

Chief Financial Officer

Additional (Non-

Executive, Independent)

Director

DIN

01189953

00678173

02013812

Date of Birth (Age)

05/06/1972 (51 years)

30/09/1966 (56 years)

04/10/1957 (65 years)

Date of First Appointment

on Board

25/05/2001

16/10/2014

15/07/2023

Relationship with

Directors/Manager/KMP

None

None

None

Expertise in Specific

Functional Area

Mr. Oberoi has wide

experience in Sales &

Marketing operations,

setting up new

businesses & rich

experience in Finance &

Management.

Mr. Thakkar has

extensive experience

in Finance, Consulting

and Operations. His

experience includes

creating innovative

business models,

JV's, structuring of

transactions, M&A

integration, fund raising,

capital structuring,

licensing models and

large deals ranging

right from software

licenses to real estate.

Mr. Sachar has deep

knowledge and

expertise in Strategy,

Governance, Finance

and Human Resources.

Qualification

Bachelor’s Degree in

Computer Science from

IIT, Delhi & Masters of

Business Administration

from IIM, Bangalore.

Chartered Accountant

Bachelor’s Degree in

Economics from Hindu

College, University of

Delhi and Chartered

Accountant.

Experience/Brief Resume

Mr. Oberoi obtained

his bachelor’s degree

in computer science

and engineering from

the Indian Institute

of Technology,

Delhi in 1994 and a

postgraduate diploma

in management from

Indian Institute of

Management, Bangalore

in 1996. Prior to joining

the Company, he was

the regional planning

Mr. Thakkar is a

Chartered Accountant

by profession and

has more than 30

years of experience

in finance, consulting

and operations. His

experience includes

creating innovative

business models, joint

ventures, structuring of

transactions, merger and

acquisition integration,

fund raising, capital

Mr. Sanjiv Sachar is a

Fellow Member of the

Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India

and has retired as

the Senior Partner

of Egon Zehnder

in 2016, the world’s

largest privately held

executive search firm.

Mr. Sachar has set up

the Egon Zehnder

practice in India in

1995 and has played a:

Letter

of appointment.

Remuneration Last Drawn

Please refer Report on

Corporate Governance for

details.

Please refer Report on

Corporate Governance for

details.

Not Applicable#

Listed entities from which

the person has resigned in

the past three years

Nil

Nil

Nil

Number of Board Meetings

attended during the year

Twelve (12)

Twelve (12)

Not Applicable#

$ Listed companies

# Mr. Sachar’s appointment is effective from July 15, 2023.:

letter, etc. with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail

to shashikant@cacsindia.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional shareholders

(i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution/Power of Attorney/

Authority: Letter, etc. by clicking on ‘Upload Board Resolution/Authority Letter’ displayed under ‘E-Voting’

tab in their login.

2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to

keep your password confidential. Login to the E-Voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful

attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the ‘Forgot

User Details/Password?’ or ‘Physical User Reset Password?’ option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com

to reset the password.

3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

E-Voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or

call on: 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 or send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager,

NSDL at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Webcast of the AGM:

1.

The Shareholders are informed that the Company will be providing a facility to view the live streaming of

the AGM Webcast on the NSDL website. You may access the same by following the Remote E-Voting process

as given above in the Notice. The link will be available in shareholder login where the EVEN of Company will

be displayed.

2.

The Webcast facility will be available from 05:30 P.M. onwards on Friday, August 25, 2023.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and E-Voting

user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on:

022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 or send a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or contact Ms. Jaya Bhatia,

Company Secretary at email: investors@naukri.com.

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

C

Message

Annual Report 2022-23

4:

letter, we are experiencing a major transformation in labour markets

across the world. This has been driven by rapid digitisation. Consequently, the

notion of digital transformation is now quite advanced. Over the last two years,

many organisations have worked on metamorphosing businesses by taking

radical steps to adopt technology advancements, modernise work culture,

organisation structures, measurement systems and operating architectures.

New technologies, that leverage the

use of data, computing power, human-

machine interaction, analytics, artificial

intelligence and advanced production

methods, are driving activities across

companies worldwide. Digital platforms

around the world are getting rapidly

integrated into different global value

chains. This has a net positive impact

for our businesses, as more people and

companies fundamentally move from

offline ways of doing things to online

modes and methods.

EMPLOYMENT DYNAMICS

It is also expected that labour markets

are in the early stages of a period of

significant transition, in the decades

to come. Environmental, technological

and economic trends are the principal

disrupters. According to the World

Economic Forum report titled ‘Future of

Jobs’, we can expect to see disruptions

for some 23% of global jobs. It is

important to highlight that while some

skillsets will lose their importance,

others are emerging with renewed

demand. The report suggests that there

will be 14 Million fewer jobs overall, in

the next five years, with an estimated

83 Million roles disappearing. At the

same time 69 Million new roles shall

emerge and these will have to be

serviced by people with appropriate

skill sets.

After two strong years of growth the

second half of FY23 witnessed a

slowdown in global IT sector hiring.

Many technology companies across

the world announced layoffs as

they rightsized their workforce after

unprecedented hiring post covid.

Though this trend may continue for

a few months of FY24, there are also

significant new opportunities and roles

emerging within the sector. These have

been driven by changing technology,

as companies get ready to adopt and

leverage advancements in machine

learning and generative AI.

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

5

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS:

letter, it is imperative

for us, at Info Edge, to continuously adapt to the changes

happening in our markets and businesses to stay ahead

of competition. Today, our operations have imbibed this

ethos. The future of our Company lies in our people and

the way we leverage new emerging technologies across

our business domains.

Total headcount increased by 10.53% to 5,311 people as of

March 31, 2023 and technical hiring also demonstrated a

significant increase. It is important that our employees are

appropriately skilled to leverage opportunities and address

business challenges going forward. This is something

we are focusing on — by undertaking several in-house

trainings and hiring new people with the right kind of

qualifications and experience.

On the technology front, we are

making significant investments,

driven by initiatives around

Generative AI and Machine

Learning. We continue to

invest more in our on-site user

experience, our brand-building

efforts on social media, video

marketing platforms and in

our go-to-market efforts for our

new products and services.

Annual Report 2022-23

8:

letter and spirit. This report, along with Management

Discussion & Analysis Report and additional shareholders’

information provides the details of implementation of

the corporate governance practices by your Company as

contained in Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,

as amended from time to time (‘Listing Regulations’).

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PHILOSOPHY

Info Edge’s philosophy on Corporate Governance envisages

accomplishment of a high level of transparency, integrity,

honesty and accountability in the conduct of its businesses

and puts due prominence towards regulatory compliances. At

Info Edge, corporate governance is considered as a benchmark

for efficient working of Board of Directors, management

reviews, strong control procedures and a guiding culture for

employees. The Company’s governance structure is designed

to provide a framework for the successful implementation of

business ethos.

Your Company always strives to adopt best global practices

in corporate governance and remains abreast with the

continuous developments in the industry’s corporate

governance systems. The entire framework is governed by a

strong Board of Directors and executed by a committed team

of management and employees.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

A quality Board, being at the core of its corporate governance

practice, plays the most pivotal role in overseeing how the

management serves and protects the long-term interests of

all stakeholders. Info Edge firmly believes that an active, well-

informed and independent board is necessary to ensure the

highest standards of corporate governance in order to bring

objectivity and transparency in the management.

SELECTION OF THE BOARD: In terms of the requirement of

the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and

provisions of the Listing Regulations, the Nomination &

Remuneration Committee has been designated to evaluate

the need for change in the composition and size of the Board

of the Company and to select members to fill Board vacancies

based on defined criteria and nominating candidates for

election by the shareholders.

COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD: Info Edge’s Board consists

of an optimal combination of eminent Executive Directors

and Non-Executive Directors including Independent Directors

and Women Directors with varied professional backgrounds,

representing a judicious mix of professionalism, knowledge

and experience. As on March 31, 2023, the Company’s

Board comprised of 12 (twelve) Directors, of which 3 (three)

were Executive Directors, 7 (seven) were Independent

Directors (including 2 (two) Women Independent Directors)

constituting 58.33% of the Board’s strength and 2 (two)

were Non-Executive, Non-Independent Directors (including

1 (one) Women Director). The Chairman of the Board is a

Non-Executive, Non-Promoter Director. The composition of

the Board is in conformity with Regulation 17 of the Listing

Regulations read with Section 149 and 152 of the Act.

Even though, Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations states

that if the chairperson of the board is a non-executive, non-

promoter director, only one-third of the board is required to

be independent. Info Edge had, believing in the significance

of independent board, ensured that 58.33% of its Board

members were Independent Directors as on March 31, 2023.

None of the Directors on the Board:

•

holds directorships in more than ten public companies;

•

serves as director or as independent director in more

than seven listed entities; and

•

who are the Executive Directors serves as independent

directors in more than three listed entities.

Necessary disclosures regarding Committee positions in

other public companies as on March 31, 2023 have been

made by the Directors. None of the Directors are related to

each other.

In addition, there is a segregation between the position of the

CEO and the Chairman.

Independent Directors are non-executive directors as defined

under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and

Section 149(6) of the Act along with rules framed thereunder.

In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations, they

have confirmed that they are not aware of any circumstance

or situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated

that could impair or impact their ability to discharge

their duties. Based on the declarations received from the

Independent Directors, the Board of Directors has confirmed

that they meet the criteria of independence as mentioned

under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b)

of the Listing Regulations and that they are independent

of the management. Further, the Independent Directors

have included their names in the data bank of independent

directors maintained with the Indian Institute of Corporate

Affairs in terms of Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6 of

the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors)

Rules, 2014.

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

64

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

50

Mr. Chintan Thakkar

Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer

56

Mr. Pawan Goyal#

Whole-time Director

52

Mr. Saurabh Srivastava*

Non-Executive, Independent Director

77

Mr. Naresh Gupta*

Non-Executive, Independent Director

56

Ms. Bala C Deshpande**

Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director

57

Mr. Sharad Malik

Non-Executive, Independent Director

59

Mr. Ashish Gupta

Non-Executive, Independent Director

56

Ms. Geeta Mathur

Non-Executive, Independent Director

56

Ms. Aruna Sundararajan$

Non-Executive, Independent Director

63

Mr. Arindam Kumar Bhattacharya$

Non-Executive, Independent Director

61

#Appointed as Whole-time Director w.e.f. April 30, 2023.

*Mr. Saurabh Srivastava and Mr. Naresh Gupta, Independent Directors of the Company had completed their respective second term of four years effective from

April 1, 2019 on March 31, 2023. Thereafter, they continue to be Non-Executive Directors on the Board of the Company w.e.f. April 1, 2023 till August 12, 2023.

**Ms. Bala C Deshpande continues to be a Non-Executive Director from April 01, 2023 till August 12, 2023, after expiry of her tenure on March 31, 2023.

$Ms. Aruna Sundararajan and Mr. Arindam Kumar Bhattacharya were appointed as Non-Executive, Independent Directors w.e.f. February 11, 2023.

EXTERNAL COMMITMENTS OF WHOLE-TIME DIRECTORS

& EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP: In order to regulate external

commitments of Whole-time Directors and that of executive

leadership of the Company, your Company has adopted a

policy- ‘Policy for Personal Investments and Engagement

by Executive Leadership with other Entities’, defining the

limitations and approval process in relation to engagement

and investment by employees holding executive positions

including the Whole-time Directors of the Company.

The aforesaid policy most importantly ensures that the focus

on core business of the Company is maintained and there is

no conflict of interest between the obligations of executive

leaders towards the Company and other engagements.

A copy of the said policy is uploaded on the website of the

Company

at

http://infoedge.in/pdfs/Policy_for_Personal_

Investments_and_Engagment_by_Executive_Leadership_

with_other_Entities.pdf

BOARD & COMMITTEE MEETINGS

1.

INFORMATION SUPPLIED TO THE BOARD: The Board

has complete access to all the information of the

Company. Information stipulated under Regulation

17(7) read with Schedule II of the Listing Regulations

is regularly provided to the Board/Committee members

as part of agenda papers along with notes on agenda,

presentations and other necessary documents seven

days in advance of the Board/Committee meetings

(except in cases where meetings are convened at

a shorter notice for which necessary approvals are

obtained as per applicable provisions). Agenda items

which are in nature of unpublished price sensitive

information are dealt as per the provisions of the Act and

Secretarial Standard-1 on Board/Committee meetings.

There is a structured manner in which agenda items

are created and materials are distributed for Board/

Committee meetings. The functional heads/business

heads, who can provide additional insights into the

agenda item being discussed, are also invited to the

Board/Committee meetings on need basis.

2.

SELECTION

OF

AGENDA

ITEMS

FOR

BOARD/

COMMITTEE MEETINGS: The Company Secretary is

responsible for collation, review and distribution of all

papers submitted to the Board and Committees and

prepares the agenda of the Board/Committee meetings

on the basis of suggestions from the Board of Directors.

Each Board/Committee member is free to suggest the

inclusion of item(s) to the agenda. The Board believes

that certain continuing oversight responsibilities should

have priority on the agenda, taking into account the

overall focus of preserving and increasing stakeholders’

value. This includes review of the Company’s strategy and

annual plan, performance and business plans, budget

(annual operating and capital expenditure), investments

and exposure limits, ethical business practices and legal

compliances, accounting and internal financial controls,

financial structure, preservation of assets, functioning

of subsidiary companies, working of Board Committees

and Board effectiveness.

3.

BOARD

MATERIALS

DISTRIBUTED

IN

ADVANCE:

Information and data that is important to the Board’s

understanding of matters on the agenda is distributed

in writing or electronically to the Board/Committee

members prior to the Board/Committee meetings in order

to permit adequate review. The Board acknowledges

that sensitive subject matters may be discussed at the

Board/Committee meeting without written materials

65

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer,

Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer, Statutory

Auditor, Internal Auditor and/or their representatives, wherever

necessary and those executives of the Company who were

considered necessary for providing inputs to the Committee.

Ms. Jaya Bhatia, Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to

the Committee.

Ms. Geeta Mathur, Chairperson of the Committee has wide

experience in finance with over 25 years of experience in

banking, large corporate treasuries, investor relations and

development sector. She also has specialization in the area

of project, corporate and structured finance, treasury, investor

relations and strategic planning. All other members of the

Committee also have accounting and financial management

knowledge. Ms. Geeta Mathur, the Chairperson of the Audit

Committee had attended the Annual General Meeting (AGM)

held on August 26, 2022.

BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF TERMS OF REFERENCE

The functions and scope of the Audit Committee includes

review of Company’s financial reporting, internal controls,

related party transactions, utilization of proceeds from

public issue, rights issue, preferential issue and qualified

institutional placement (QIP), insider trading, disclosures in

financial statements, management discussion and analysis

report, risk mitigation mechanism, appointment of statutory

auditor, secretarial auditor and internal auditor and all other

aspects as specified in Section 177 of the Act and Regulation

18 read with Part C of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations.

The Audit Committee has authority to undertake the specific

duties and responsibilities as set out in its Charter.

The highlights of the terms of reference of the Audit

Committee are enumerated below:

1.

Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process and

the disclosure of its financial information to ensure that the

financial statements are correct, sufficient and credible.

2.

Discuss and review, with the management and auditors, the

annual/quarterly financial statements before submission to

the Board for approval, with particular reference to matters

required to be included in the Directors’ Responsibility

Statement, Disclosure under Management Discussion and

Analysis of financial condition and results of operations,

major accounting entries, significant adjustments made

in the financial statements arising out of audit findings,

compliance with listing and other legal requirements,

disclosure of related party transactions, audit report, inter

corporate loans and investments, appointment of CFO etc.

3.

To recommend appointment/re-appointment, removal,

audit fee of Statutory/Secretarial/Internal Auditors.

4.

Review management letters/letters of internal control

weaknesses issued by statutory/internal auditors and

evaluation of internal financial controls.

5.

Review the functioning of the Whistle Blower Mechanism.

6.

To oversee compliance with regulatory requirements

and policies.

7.

To review and approve all related party transactions or

any subsequent modification thereof.

8.

Review the financial statements, in particular, the

investments made by the unlisted subsidiary companies.

9.

Setting forth the policies relating to and overseeing the

implementation of the Securities & Exchange Board of

India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015

(including any amendment thereof) and the Code of

Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading and Code of

Corporate Disclosure Practices.

10. Review of the utilization of loans and/or advances from/

investment by the Company in the subsidiary companies

exceeding ₹100 Crore or 10% of the asset size of the

subsidiary, whichever is lower including existing loans/

advances/investments.

11. To consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits

and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger,

amalgamation etc., on the Company and its shareholders.

12. The Audit Committee may also review such matters as are

considered appropriate by it or referred to it by the Board.

The Audit Committee is empowered pursuant to its terms of

reference to:

(i) Investigate any activity within its terms of reference and

to seek information it requires from any employee;

(ii) Obtain legal or other independent professional advice

and to secure the attendance of outsiders with relevant

experience and expertise, when considered necessary.

During the year, all recommendations of Audit Committee

were accepted by the Board.

The details of total fees paid to the Statutory Auditors-

M/s. S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants

(FRN: 101049W/E300004) and all entities in the network

69

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW:

letter which prescribes that any Independent

Director may resign from his office subject to detailed

reasons for his resignation along with a confirmation that

there is no other material reason other than those provided

to the Board. The Company does not pay any severance fees

or any other payment to the Directors. The Notice period of

the Directors is governed by the applicable policies.

None of the Non-Executive Directors had any pecuniary

relationship or transactions vis-à-vis the Company, other than

the payment of remuneration as explained above.

TABLE 11

DETAILS OF STOCK OPTIONS GRANTED TO DIRECTORS

S.No.

Name

Designation

No. of

Options

Granted

No. of

Options

Vested*

No. of

Options

Exercised

No. of

Options

Cancelled

No. of Options

in force

(Unvested)

Share

Issued

1.

Mr. Chintan Thakkar

Whole-time

Director & CFO

310,055

80,250

130,200

60,000

39,605

104,514

During FY23, 10,555 options were granted to Mr. Chintan Thakkar.

*No. of options vested excludes options already exercised.

74

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Member

4

4

Mr. Chintan Thakkar

Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer

Member

4

4

Ms. Geeta Mathur#

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Chairperson

-

-

*Mr. Saurabh Srivastava ceased to be an Independent Director of the Company upon completion of his second term as an Independent Director on

March 31, 2023 and thereby as the member & Chairperson of the Committee.

#Ms. Geeta Mathur had been appointed as a member & Chairperson of CSR committee w.e.f. April 1, 2023.

BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF TERMS OF REFERENCE

The Terms of Reference of CSR Committee primarily include, to:

1.

Formulate and recommend to the Board, a CSR Policy

which shall indicate the activities to be undertaken by

the Company as specified in Schedule VII to the Act and

also reviewing the CSR Policy of the Company from time

to time;

2.

Formulate and recommend to the Board, CSR annual

action plan in pursuance to its Policy;

3.

Reviewing annual budgets with respect to CSR Policy;

4.

Work with management to establish, develop and

implement the requisite framework w.r.t. CSR matters;

5.

Receive reports on the Company’s CSR performance

to assess the effectiveness of the CSR Policy of the

Company;

6.

Review the findings or recommendations arising out of

any audit of Company’s CSR matters; and

7.

Carry out any other duties and responsibilities delegated

to it by the Board from time to time that are related to the

purpose of the Committee.

E. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

The Company has an effective risk management procedure,

which is governed at the highest level by the Board of Directors.

However, to further strengthen & streamline the procedures

about risk assessment and minimization procedures, the Board

of Directors have constituted a Board level Risk Management

Committee (‘RMC’).

COMPOSITION,

MEETINGS

&

ATTENDANCE

DURING

THE YEAR

RMC comprises of two Independent Directors including its

Chairperson and three Executive Directors. During the FY23,

RMC held 3 (three) meetings on April 14, 2022, October 8,

2022 and March 31, 2023. The details of the composition,

meetings & attendance of the RMC are given in Table No. 16

below:

TABLE 16

COMPOSITION, MEETINGS & ATTENDANCE DETAILS OF RMC FOR FY23

Name of the Member

Category

Position in the

Committee

No. of Meetings

Held

Attended

Ms. Geeta Mathur

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Chairperson

3

3

Mr. Ashish Gupta

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Member

3

3

Mr. Chintan Thakkar

Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer

Member

3

3

Mr. Sanjeev Bikhchandani

Founder & Executive Vice-Chairman

Member

3

2

Mr. Hitesh Oberoi: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Member

4

4

BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF TERMS OF REFERENCE

BRSR Committee, as approved by the Board, has been entrusted with the responsibility of framing, implementing and monitoring

various Business Responsibility and Sustainability policies/initiatives and assessing the Business Responsibility and Sustainability

performance of the Company.

G. COMMITTEE OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Committee of Executive Directors (‘COED’) has been constituted to take decisions on certain matters of routine nature which

may require an immediate decision and where the convening of a Board meeting immediately may not be feasible, in addition to

dwelling upon and taking decisions, on behalf of the Board, in matters as may be specifically delegated to it by the Board.

COMPOSITION, MEETINGS & ATTENDANCE DURING THE YEAR

The COED, constituted by the Board, comprised of 3 (three) Executive Directors as on March 31, 2023. The COED held 22

(twenty-two) meetings during the FY23, as and when required. The details of the composition & attendance of the COED are

given in the Table No. 18 below:

TABLE 18

COMPOSITION, MEETINGS & ATTENDANCE DETAILS OF COED FOR FY23

Name of the Member

Category

Position in the

Committee

No. of Meetings

Held

Attended

Mr. Sanjeev Bikhchandani

Founder & Executive Vice-Chairman

Chairperson

22

22

Mr. Hitesh Oberoi: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, the Whole-time Director & CFO and

the Founder & Executive Vice-Chairman of the Company, for

the year ended March 31, 2023 is enclosed at the end of this

Report. In order to imbibe a compliant & ethical culture in

the organization, the Company has in place digitally enabled

compliance management tool (‘Compliance Dashboard’)

which provides reasonable comfort and assurance to

the management and the Board of Directors regarding

effectiveness of timely compliances. The amendments

and changes in regulations are also integrated in the tool.

Responsibility matrix is cascaded down to single point of

responsibility. The timelines are fixed based on the legal

requirement in the Compliance Dashboard and the system

is aligned in such a manner that it alerts the users on a

timely manner followed by the escalations to management

in event of delayed/non-compliance. The updation of such

system is an ongoing process. The Company also follows

a back-up certification system by Business & Functional

Heads for compliance with respect to their concerned areas

thereby providing double layer of compliance protection and

assurance to management and Board of Directors.

CERTIFICATE FOR NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS:

A certificate from M/s. Chandrasekaran Associates, Practicing

Company Secretaries, has been issued, confirming that none

of the Directors on the Board of the Company has been

debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing

as a Director by the Securities and Exchange Board of India/

Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority.

The certificate is appended as an Annexure to this report.

CODE OF CONDUCT: The Board has laid down a Code of Ethics

& Conduct for all Board members and Senior Management

Personnel of the Company. The Code is displayed on the

website of the Company http://infoedge.in/pdfs/code-of-

ethics.pdf. All Board members and Senior Management

Personnel have affirmed compliance with the said Code of

Ethics & Conduct. A declaration signed by the Chief Executive

Officer (CEO) to this effect is enclosed as Annexure at the

end of this report.

LOANS & ADVANCES: During the year under review, the

Company and its subsidiaries have not given loans to any

company(s)/firm(s) in which directors are interested:

S.No. Name of the Company Amount

Name of the

Director interested

Nil

Note: Excluding details of 4B Networks Pvt. Ltd. (4B Networks) - step down

subsidiary of the Company. Please note that the Company has repeatedly made

requests to 4B Networks and its management for providing us with above details.

However, our requests have gone unanswered and no information in this regard

has been provided to us, thus we are constrained from making any disclosure in

this regard. In any event, the Company has written down its entire investment in

4B Networks and the said impairment was charged as an exceptional item in the

financial results.

SEXUAL HARASSMENT POLICY: The Company has zero

tolerance for sexual harassment at workplace and has a

policy on prevention, prohibition and redressal of sexual

harassment at workplace in line with the provisions of Sexual

Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition

and Redressal) Act, 2013 and rules framed thereunder.

During the year, the Company has received two complaints on

sexual harassment which have been duly resolved as on the

end of FY23.

WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY: The Company has formulated

an effective Whistle Blower Mechanism and a policy that

lays down the process for raising concerns about unethical

behavior, actual or suspected fraud or violation of the

Company’s Code of Conduct or ethics policy (‘Protected

Disclosure’). Objective of the Policy is to establish no threat

window whereby an individual, who is aware of any Protected

Disclosure in the Company, is able to raise it to the appropriate

channel as outlined in the policy, to ensure appropriate and

timely institutional response and remedial action and offer

protection to such individual from victimization, harassment

or disciplinary proceedings. The Company has also appointed

M/s. Thought Arbitrage Consulting, as an Independent

External Ombudsman. During the FY23, no personnel has

been denied access to the Audit Committee for raising

concerns under Whistle Blower Policy.

SUCCESSION PLAN: The Board of Directors has satisfied itself

that plans are in place for orderly succession for appointment

to the Board of Directors and Senior Management.

80

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter dated May 16, 2022.

Presently, there are no shares lying in the Unclaimed Suspense

Account of the Company.

TABLE 23

Particulars

No. of

Shareholders

No. of Equity

Shares

Opening Balance: Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the

Unclaimed Suspense Account lying as on April 1, 2022

3

324

Less: Number of shareholders who approached the Company for transfer of shares and shares

transferred from Suspense account during the year

3

324

Less: Number of shareholders whose shares got transferred from suspense account to IEPF

during the year

-

-

Closing Balance: Aggregate number of shareholders and outstanding shares lying in the

suspense account as on March 31, 2023

-

-

LISTING

At present, the equity shares of the Company are listed on BSE and NSE. The annual listing fees for the FY24 to BSE and NSE has

been paid.

TABLE 24

COMPANY’S STOCK EXCHANGE CODES

Name of the Stock Exchange

Stock Code

NSE

Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051

NAUKRI

BSE

Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001

532777

84

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter of confirmation will be

issued to the shareholders and shall be valid for a period of

120 days, within which the shareholder shall make a request to

the Depository Participant for dematerializing those shares. If

the shareholders fail to submit the dematerialisation request

within 120 days, then the Company shall credit those shares

in the Suspense Escrow Demat account held by the Company.

Shareholders can claim these shares transferred to Suspense

Escrow Demat account on submission of necessary

documentation.

COMPANY’S OFFICE ADDRESSES: The address of Registered and Corporate Office of the Company are as under:

Registered Office

Corporate Office

Info Edge (India) Limited,

GF-12A, 94, Meghdoot Building, Nehru Place,

New Delhi- 110019

Tel No.: 011-26463894

Info Edge (India) Limited,

B-8, Sector-132, Noida-201304.

Tel No: 0120- 4841100

Fax No: 0120-3082095

E-Mail ID - investors@naukri.com

E-Mail ID: - investors@naukri.com

PLANT (BRANCH) LOCATIONS: Being a service provider, the Company has no Plant Locations, however the Company has 79

offices as on March 31, 2023 spread in 55 cities across India apart from international offices in Dubai, Bahrain, Riyadh, Qatar and

Abu Dhabi. The addresses of these offices are available on our corporate website.

87

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW:

Managing Director & CEO

Whole-time Director & CFO

Founder & Executive Vice-Chairman

Date: May 26, 2023

Place: Noida

This is to confirm that the Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for its Board Members and Senior Management and the same

is available on our corporate website www.infoedge.in.

I confirm that the Company has in respect of financial year ended March 31, 2023, received from Members of the Board & Senior

Management team of the Company a declaration of the compliance with the Code of Conduct as applicable to them.

Ceo’s declaration to compliance of code of conduct

Hitesh Oberoi: Managing

Dear Member(s),

The Board of Directors of your Company take pleasure in presenting the Twenty Eight (28th) Annual Report on the business and

operations of Info Edge (India) Limited (the Company) together with the Audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Statements

and the Auditors Report thereon for the financial year ended March 31, 2023.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The results of operations for the year under review are given below:

(₹ in Million)

S. No. Particulars

Standalone

Consolidated

FY23

FY22

FY23

FY22

1.

Net Revenue

21,586.19

15,624.59

23,456.91

15,890.26

2.

Other Income

1,750.94

1,702.38

3,928.53

4,403.62

3.

Total Income (1+2)

23,337.13

17,326.97

27,385.44

20,293.88

Expenditure:

a)

Network and other direct Charges

450.97

318.96

633.67

340.16

b)

Employees Cost

9,087.10

7,112.66

10,973.05

7,463.05

c)

Advertising and Promotion Cost

3,155.39

2,850.97

4,082.09

2,860.78

d)

Depreciation/Amortization

447.41

400.63

730.15

449.05

e)

Administration & other Expenditure

1,050.58

704.70

2,084.35

833.91

f)

Finance Cost

38.89

46.28

73.35

46.51

4.

Total expenditure

14,230.34

11,434.20

18,576.66

11,993.46

5.

Share of Profit/(Loss) Joint Ventures & Associates

-

-

(2,310.14)

21,953.62

6.

Operating PBT (1-4+5)

7,355.85

4,190.39

2,570.11

25,850.42

7.

Profit before tax and exceptional items (3-4+5)

9,106.79

5,892.77

6,498.64

30,254.04

8.

Exceptional Item-(loss)/gain

(2,947.45)

95,116.21

(5,092.52)

111,747.10

9.

Net Profit before tax (7+8)

6,159.34

101,008.98

1,406.12

142,001.14

10.

Tax Expense

2,047.41

11,783.51

2,110.71

13,178.84

11.

Net Profit after tax (9-10)

4,111.93

89,225.47

(704.59)

128,822.30

12.

Share of Minority interest in the losses of Subsidiary

Companies

-

-

(372.84)

(1,226.59)

13.

Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) (including share of

profit/(loss) of Joint Venture and associate -Net of Tax)

(33,434.00)

7,000.44

(36,151.74)

(7,701.53)

14.

Total Comprehensive Income/(Loss) (11+12+13)

(29,322.07)

96,225.91

(37,229.17)

119,894.18

1. FINANCIAL REVIEW

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The annual Audited Standalone Financial Statements

for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 have been

prepared in accordance with the Companies (Indian

Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (Ind-AS) prescribed

under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act)

and other recognized accounting practices and policies

to the extent applicable.

Your Company derives its revenue from recruitment,

real estate, matrimonial and education classifieds and

related services and other income.

FY23 was the first full year of operations after the COVID

related global economic and business disruptions. As

economic activity gained traction post the COVID related

disruptions, FY23 brought with it a new round of challenges

and opportunities. While the human dimension to the

COVID tragedy will take a long time to heal, economic

activity has regained some traction. The only positive spin

off from the last few years is the accelerated absorption

of digitisation across the globe. Internet penetration has

got a fillip and world is now much more connected over

the web in terms of actual ways of working and living.

Your Company has been one of India’s leading digital

companies that services different economic domains

through its specialised online offerings. It’s strong legacy

of pioneering digital penetration in the country is well

established over the last two decades. During these last

two years, the Company has looked within and improved

its internal efficiencies and re-engineered its businesses

to better service the rapidly changing demands of the

customers. With a focused approach that constantly

drives at enhancing efficiencies and servicing new

opportunities, your Company today has emerged as

one of the leaders in all the business domains where it

operates. Essentially, the Company is today entering

into a new realm of transformation with the effective

adoption of modern technology tools like Generative AI

and Machine Learning to create state of the art interactive

digital support platforms in the markets where it operates.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

92

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter from Policybazaar seeking

its consent for withdrawal of the aforesaid Scheme from

the Hon’ble Tribunal in order to expedite the process of

its IPO. In view of the above, the Board of Directors of

MTL had passed a resolution approving the withdrawal of

the aforesaid Scheme, subject to approval of the Hon’ble

Tribunal. Thereafter, the Hon’ble Tribunal vide its Order

dated October 28, 2021, had approved the withdrawal of

the said Scheme. Thereafter, both the companies had

agreed that they intend to file a fresh scheme, in the

same form as the current Scheme, after making requisite

changes due to listing of Policybazaar post completion

of the said IPO.

Accordingly, MTL and Policybazaar at their respective

Board Meetings, held on April 26, 2022, had approved

the fresh Scheme of Amalgamation between MTL

(Transferor Company) and Policybazaar (Transferee

Company) and their respective shareholders, under

Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions

of the Act, including rules made thereunder. The said

Scheme is subject to the necessary regulatory and

statutory approvals. Upon the said Scheme becoming

effective and pursuant to proportionate share issuance

by the Transferee Company to the shareholders of the

Transferor Company, economic interest of the Company

in Policybazaar shall remain unchanged.

The said Scheme of Amalgamation provides for the

amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the

Transferee Company to derive the following benefits:

a.

Streamlining of the corporate structure.

b.

Pooling of resources of the Transferor Company with

the resources of the Transferee Company.

c.

Significant reduction in the multiplicity of legal and

regulatory compliances required at present to be

carried out by both the Transferor Company and the

Transferee Company.

d.

Rationalization of costs, time and efforts by eliminating

multiple record keeping, administrative functions

and consolidation of financials through legal entity

rationalization; and

e.

Reduction

of

administrative

responsibilities,

multiplicity of records and legal as well as regulatory

compliances.

The aforesaid Scheme was filed by the Transferee

Company with NSE and BSE and no-objection certificate

has also been issued by the NSE and BSE on the Scheme.

Further, during FY24, the Transferor Company and

Transferee Company have filed a Joint Application before

the Hon’ble Tribunal, under the provisions of Sections 230

to 232 of the Act and the same is under process.

INVESTEE COMPANIES

Your Company has the following continuing external

financial and strategic investments.

All holding percentages in the investee companies given

below are computed on fully converted and diluted basis.

The percentage holdings are held directly or indirectly

through its subsidiaries. It may be noted that the actual

economic interest in these investee companies may or

may not result into equivalent percentage shareholding

on account of the terms of the agreements with them.

A. SUBSIDIARIES

Aisle Network Pvt. Ltd. (Aisle), is engaged in the

business of running multiple dating platforms on the web

via its mobile apps Aisle, Anbe, Arike, Neetho and Neene.

These platforms allow users to browse through profiles

of other users with the intent of finding their suitable

partner. It had the total income of ₹325.89 Million in FY23

as compared to ₹141.77 Million in FY22.

Sunrise Mentors Pvt. Ltd. (Sunrise), is engaged in the

business of providing online education and operates an

e-learning platform - CodingNinjas.

During the year under review, the Company, through

its wholly-owned subsidiary SIHL, had acquired 2,356

Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares of Sunrise for

an aggregate consideration of about ₹70 Million.

Further, the Company had also acquired 22,836

Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares and 27,089

Equity Shares via a mix of primary and secondary

acquisition of Sunrise for an aggregate consideration

of about ₹1,353.92 Million. As on March 31, 2023, the

Company holds an aggregate stake of 54.64% in Sunrise

on a fully converted & diluted basis and consequently,

Sunrise has become the subsidiary of the Company.

During the year under review, it had net revenue of ₹589.08

Million, as against ₹279.62 Million revenue during the

previous financial year. The total income stood at ₹613.06

Million in FY23 as against ₹289.12 Million in FY22.

International Educational Gateway Pvt. Ltd. (Univariety),

is engaged in an educational business of providing

products and services and counselling to students,

schools, colleges and education. These enable students

and parents take better informed decisions on higher

education and related products and services. The

products and services are provided through physical

connects, an online portal named as www.univariety.com

and through third party portals of partner entities.

Further, during the year under review, the Company,

through its wholly-owned subsidiary SIHL, has acquired

3,789 Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares of

Univariety for an aggregate consideration of ₹40 Million.

As on March 31, 2023, the Company holds an aggregate

stake of 53.55% in Univariety and consequently, Univariety

has become step-down subsidiary of the Company

through SIHL.

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

99

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW:

letter(s) of appointment outlining

his/her role, functions, duties and responsibility.

The details of the familiarization programme are

explained in the Corporate Governance which forms part

of this Annual Report. The same is also available on the

website of the Company and can be accessed by web link

http://www.infoedge.in/pdfs/Board-Familiarisation.pdf.

PERFORMANCE EVALUATION OF THE BOARD OF

DIRECTORS

Listing Regulations laying down the key functions of the

Board, mandates that the Board shall monitor and review

the Board Evaluation Process and also stipulates that the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee of the Company

shall lay down the evaluation criteria for performance

evaluation of Independent Directors, Board of Directors,

Committee and Individual Directors. Section 134 of the

106

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer;

3.

Mr. Chintan Thakkar, Whole-time Director & Chief

Financial Officer;

4.

Mr. Pawan Goyal, Whole-time Director with effect

from April 30, 2023; and

5.

Ms. Jaya Bhatia, Company Secretary & Compliance

Officer with effect from April 15, 2022.

4. AUDITORS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT

STATUTORY AUDITORS

In terms of the provisions of Section 139 of the Act,

M/s. S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants

(FRN: 101049W/E300004), pursuant to your approval, were

re-appointed as Statutory Auditors of the Company, to hold

office for the second term of 5 (five) consecutive years

from the conclusion of the 27th Annual General Meeting,

held on August 26, 2022, till the conclusion of the 32nd

Annual General Meeting of the Company.

The notes on financial statements referred to in the

Auditors’ Report are self-explanatory and do not call for

any further comments. The Auditors’ Report does not

contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark

or disclaimer.

SECRETARIAL AUDITORS

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Act read

with Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Board of Directors

had appointed M/s. Chandrasekaran Associates, Company

Secretaries as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company to

undertake Secretarial Audit of the Company for financial

year ended March 31, 2023. Their report is reviewed by the

Audit Committee and the Board on quarterly basis.

The Secretarial Audit Report and Secretarial Compliance

Report are annexed herewith as Annexure III. The Secretarial

Audit Report is self-explanatory and does not contain any

qualification, reservation or adverse remark or disclaimer.

INTERNAL AUDITORS

M/s. T.R. Chadha & Co LLP, Chartered Accountants

perform the duties of internal auditors of the Company

and their report is reviewed by the Audit Committee on

quarterly basis.

MAINTAINANCE OF COST RECORDS

The provisions of maintenance of Cost Records

as specified by the Central Government under sub-

section (1) of Section 148 of the Act are not applicable

on the Company.

REPORTING OF FRAUDS BY AUDITORS

During the year under review, none of the auditors,

viz. Statutory Auditors and Secretarial Auditors have

reported to the Audit Committee, under Section 143(12)

of the Act, any instances of fraud committed against

the Company by its officers or employees, the details of

which would need to be mentioned in the Board’s Report.

5. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)

For your Company, CSR means the integration of social,

environmental and economic concerns in its business

operations. CSR involves operating Company’s business

in a manner that meets or exceeds the ethical, legal,

commercial and public expectations that society has of

businesses. In alignment with vision of the Company,

Info Edge, through its CSR initiatives, will continue to

enhance value creation in the society through its services,

conduct & initiatives, so as to promote sustained growth

for the society.

The CSR Committee of the Company helps the Company

to frame, monitor and execute the CSR activities of the

Company. The Committee defines the parameters and

observes them for effective discharge of the social

responsibility of your Company. The CSR Policy of your

Company outlines the Company’s philosophy & the

mechanism for undertaking socially useful programmes

for welfare & sustainable development of the community

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

107

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW:

Managing Director & CEO

0.74*

32.63

Mr. Chintan Thakkar

Whole Time Director & CFO

22.80*$

39.51

Mr. Saurabh Srivastava

Non-Executive, Independent Director

10#^

4.52

Mr. Naresh Gupta

Non-Executive, Independent Director

1#^

3.65

Ms. Bala C Deshpande

Non-Executive Director

(35)#

2.16

Mr. Sharad Malik

Non-Executive, Independent Director

(1)#

3.80

Mr. Ashish Gupta

Non-Executive, Independent Director

(28)#

2.04

Ms. Geeta Mathur

Non-Executive, Independent Director

(1)#

3.80

Ms. Aruna Sundararajan

Non-Executive, Independent Director

N.A.@#

0.12

Mr. Arindam Kumar Bhattacharya

Non-Executive, Independent Director

N.A.@#

0.12

Note 1: Details of remuneration paid to Directors for FY23 are disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report forming part this Annual Report.

Note 2: Since Ms. Jaya Bhatia was appointed as Company Secretary effective April 15, 2022, disclosure regarding percentage increase in remuneration of

Company Secretary in the financial year is not applicable for FY23.

110

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

2)

The management has confirmed that the records submitted to us are true and correct. This Report is limited to the Statutory Compliances on laws/

regulations/guidelines listed in our report of which, the due date has been ended/expired on or before March 31, 2023 pertaining to Financial Year

2022-23.

For Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

FRN: P1988DE002500

Peer Review Certificate No: 1428/2021

Rupesh Agarwal

Managing Partner

Membership No. A16302

Certificate of Practice No. 5673

UDIN: A016302E000371888

Date: 24.05.2023

Place: Delhi

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

121

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW:

Managing Director & CEO)

4

4

5.

Mr. Chintan Thakkar

Member

(Whole-time Director & CFO)

4

4

*Ms. Geeta Mathur has been appointed as a member & Chairperson of CSR Committee w.e.f. April 1, 2023 by the Board of Directors of the Company.

#Mr. Saurabh Srivastava ceased to be a member & Chairperson of the CSR Committee w.e.f. March 31, 2023.

3.

PROVIDE THE WEB-LINK(S) WHERE COMPOSITION OF CSR COMMITTEE, CSR POLICY AND CSR PROJECTS APPROVED BY

THE BOARD ARE DISCLOSED ON THE WEBSITE OF THE COMPANY:

• Composition of CSR Committee: https://www.infoedge.in/InvestorRelations/CorporateGovernance_CBC

• CSR Policy: https://www.infoedge.in/pdfs/CSR-Policy.pdf

• CSR Projects approved by the Board: https://www.infoedge.in/InvestorRelations/corporateGovernance_CSR

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

127

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW:

Managing Director & CEO)

(Chairperson-CSR Committee)

132

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer), Mr. Chintan Thakkar (Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer) and Ms. Jaya Bhatia (Company Secretary & Compliance

Officer) are the KMP of the Company.

20. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers*

(Disclose trends for the past 3 years)

FY23

(Turnover rate in current FY)

FY22

(Turnover rate in previous FY)

FY21

(Turnover rate in the year

prior to the previous FY)

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Permanent Employees

30.10%

37.53%

33.08%

40.54%

46.30%

42.86%

21.75%

23.20%

22.32%

*Since there is no classification of workers in the workforce, the workers category does not apply to the Company.

134

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter and obtaining a rating from

their previous manager. ‘i-Evolve’ aims to provide opportunities for professional growth and development within the Company.

5.

Details on assessment of value chain partners:

% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed

Health and safety practices

No formal assessments were conducted in the financial year. However, the Company prioritizes

the well-being and health and safety of employees within its value chain. This commitment is

reflected in the contractual agreements and terms established with our value chain partners.

These agreements explicitly outline the Company’s expectations for maintaining suitable

working conditions at their respective workplaces. By incorporating these clear requirements

into our contracts, we aim to encourage our value chain partners to prioritize the well-being

and safety of their employees.

Working conditions

6.

Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising from assessments

of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.

Not applicable, as no such concern was raised during the financial year.

PRINCIPLE 4: BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT THE INTERESTS OF AND BE RESPONSIVE TO ALL ITS

STAKEHOLDERS

ESSENTIAL INDICATORS

1.

Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.

We consider any individual, group or institution that contributes value as a core stakeholder. Currently, we have identified

specific stakeholder groups that have a direct influence on the Company’s operations and functioning. These groups consist

of internal stakeholders, including employees and leadership, as well as external stakeholders such as regulators, investors,

suppliers, customers and the community. Recognizing the importance of these stakeholders, we actively engage with them

to ensure a positive impact on our business and foster mutually beneficial relationships.

2.

List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder group.

The Company carries out continuous interaction and engagement with all Internal & External stakeholders including the

disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalized stakeholders in accordance with the Stakeholder Engagement Policy of the Company.

Stakeholder

Group

Whether

identified as

Vulnerable &

Marginalized

Group (Yes/No)

Channels of communication (Email, SMS,

Newspaper,

Pamphlets,

Advertisement,

Community

Meetings,

Notice

Board,

Website), Other

Frequency of

engagement

(Annually/Half-yearly/

Quarterly/others –

please specify)

Purpose and scope of

engagement including

key topics and concerns

raised

during

such

engagement

Employees

No

a. Periodical Employees’ Surveys such as the

HR Survey called ‘ispeak’ (Company wide

survey to capture voice of the employee),

IT services related survey, Administration

Services related survey etc.

b. The engagement bot by the name of

’Amber’ reaches out to employees at

specific moments in their journey in

the organization. It helps leaders and

HR better understand the feedback or

concern employee may have.

Need basis

• Career Management

and Growth

Prospects;

• Learning

opportunities;

• Compensation

structure;

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

147

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW:

Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer), Mr. Chintan Thakkar (Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer) and Ms. Jaya Bhatia (Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) are

the KMP of the Company.

4.

Do you have a focal point (Individual/Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or

contributed to by the business? (Yes/No)

Yes, the Company is determined to uphold and respect the human rights of all the stakeholders. The BRSR Committee at the

Company serves as the focal point for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or contributed to by the business.

Further, the Internal Complaints Committee addresses and resolves all complaints and grievances related to harassment or

discrimination of any form raised by the employees. We also take preventative steps to ensure there is no violation of human

rights throughout our operations supply chain, business connections and the communities we operate in.

5.

Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.

We empower our employees and contractual staff to report any incidents of discrimination and harassment. We strongly

condemn practices such as child labor and have a robust grievance mechanism in place to promptly address all such concerns

in an effective manner.

To ensure that grievances related to sexual harassment are actively attended to and resolved, we have constituted an Internal

Complaints Committee that specifically addresses complaints of sexual harassment raised by all employees. Additionally,

there is an effective whistle blower framework in place which is managed by an independent external ombudsman and offers

complete anonymity and confidentiality to encourage our employees to put forth their concerns without any fear of retaliation.

We also encourage our business partners to abide by the applicable policies as well as code of conduct. We refrain from

dealing with any supplier contractor if they violate any human rights or are involved in the use of forced or child labor.

6.

Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers*:

FY23

FY22

Filed during

the year

Pending resolution

at the end of year

Remarks Filed During

the year

Pending resolution

at the end of year

Remarks

Sexual harassment

2

Nil

-

Nil

Nil

-

Discrimination at workplace

2

Nil

-

Nil

Nil

-

Child labour

Nil

Nil

-

Nil

Nil

-

Forced labour/Involuntary labour

Nil

Nil

-

Nil

Nil

-

Wages

Nil

Nil

-

Nil

Nil

-

Other human rights-related issues

Nil

Nil

-

Nil

Nil

-

*Since there is no classification of workers in the workforce, the workers category does not apply to the Company.

7.

Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.

At the Company, we strive to create a culture where employees can raise and report their concerns without any fear or

retaliation. This is reinforced through our Code of Ethics and Conduct by specifically laying out the Company’s emphasis on

non-toleration of adverse consequences against any complainant. We conduct regular trainings on compliance where these

conditions are reiterated and communicated to all our employees. Anyone found to be engaging in such conduct is subject

to disciplinary actions as per our policy.

8.

Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)

Yes, Our business agreements prioritize the protection and promotion of human rights. We have a comprehensive policy

that emphasizes the importance of safeguarding human rights, which applies to all partners throughout the value chain. Our

Supplier Code of Conduct clearly outlines the expectations for our business partners to comply with our human rights policy.

We do not engage in any business relationships with partners or potential partners involved in human rights abuses in any

region of operation.

150

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director & CEO

N.A.*

Whole-time Director & CFO

10,555

Company Secretary

-

* Founder & Executive Vice-Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Director & CFO

Membership Number 094941

DIN: 01189953

DIN: 00678173

Jaya Bhatia

Company Secretary

Membership number: A33211

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: May 26, 2023

Date: May 26, 2023

174

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Director & CFO

Membership Number 094941

DIN: 01189953

DIN: 00678173

Jaya Bhatia

Company Secretary

Membership number: A33211

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: May 26, 2023

Date: May 26, 2023

Statement of Profit and Loss FOR YEAR ENDED

MARCH 31, 2023

Particulars

Notes

Year Ended

March 31, 2023

(₹ Million)

Year Ended

March 31, 2022

(₹ Million)

Income

Revenue from operations

13

21,586.19

15,624.59

Other income

14

1,750.94

1,702.38

I. Total Income

23,337.13

17,326.97

Expenses

Employee benefits expense

15

9,087.10

7,112.66

Finance costs

16

38.89

46.28

Depreciation and amortisation expense

17

447.41

400.63

Advertising and promotion cost

18

3,155.39

2,850.97

Network, internet and other direct charges

19

450.97

318.96

Administration and other expenses

20

1,050.58

704.70

II. Total Expense

14,230.34

11,434.20

III. Profit before exceptional items and tax (I-II)

9,106.79

5,892.77

IV. Exceptional items-Gain/(loss)

35

(2,947.45)

95,116.21

V. Profit/(loss) before tax (III+IV)

6,159.34

101,008.98

VI. Tax expense

(1) Current tax

2,162.41

1,488.76

(2) Deferred tax (credit)/charge

5

(115.00)

10,294.75

Total tax expense

2,047.41

11,783.51

VII. Profit for the year (V-VI)

4,111.93

89,225.47

Other comprehensive income [OCI]

(A) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

Remeasurement gain of post employment benefit obligation

18.49

3.95

(Loss)/ Gain on financial assets measured at Fair value through OCI

(37,731.15)

7,858.52

Income tax relating to this

4,278.66

(862.03)

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of income tax

(33,434.00)

7,000.44

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year

(29,322.07)

96,225.91

Earnings per share:

24

Basic - Profit for the year (after exceptional items)

31.91

693.25

Basic - Profit for the year (before exceptional items)

54.78

35.78

Diluted - Profit for the year (after exceptional items)

31.81

689.20

Diluted - Profit for the year (before exceptional items)

54.61

35.57

175

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW:

Managing Director

Director & CFO

Membership Number 094941

DIN: 01189953

DIN: 00678173

Jaya Bhatia

Company Secretary

Membership number: A33211

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: May 26, 2023

Date: May 26, 2023

176

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Director & CFO

Membership Number 094941

DIN: 01189953

DIN: 00678173

Jaya Bhatia

Company Secretary

Membership number: A33211

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: May 26, 2023

Date: May 26, 2023

178

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer (MD & CEO) who have been identified as the

CODM, to assess the financial performance and position

of the Company and makes strategic decisions.

The Company is primarily in the business of internet

based service delivery operating in four service verticals

through various web portals in respective verticals namely

recruitment solutions comprising primarily naukri.com,

other recruitment related portals and ancillary services

related to recruitment, 99acres.com for real estate

related services, Jeevansathi.com for matrimony related

services and Shiksha.com for education related services.

(a) Description of segments and principal activities

The CODM evaluates the Company’s performance and

allocates resources based on an analysis of various

performance indicators by business segments.

Accordingly, information has been presented along

these business segments. The accounting principles

used in preparing these financial statements are

consistently applied to record revenue & expenditure

in individual segments. The reportable segments

represent “Recruitment Solutions” and “99acres” and

the “Others”.

1: Recruitment Solutions: This segment consists of

Naukri (both India and Gulf business) and all other

allied business which together provides complete

hiring solutions which are both B2B as well as B2C.

Apart from all Other Online business, it also includes

Offline headhunting business ‘Quadrangle’.

2: Real State- 99acres: 99acres.com derives its

revenues from property listings, builders’ and

brokers’ branding and visibility through micro-sites,

home page links and banners servicing real estate

developers, builders and brokers.

3: Others: This segment comprises primarily

Jeevansathi and Shiksha service verticals since they

individually do not meet the qualifying criteria for

reportable segment as per the Ind AS.

The CODM primarily uses a measure of profit before

tax to assess the performance of the operating

segments. However, the CODM also receives

information about the segments’ revenue and assets

on a monthly basis.

(b) Profit before tax

Profit before tax for any segment is calculated by

subtracting all the segment’s expenses (excluding

taxes) incurred during the period from the respective

segment’s revenue earned during the period. To

calculate the segment level expenses, certain

common expenditures which are incurred for the

entity as a whole but cannot be directly mapped to a

single segment are allocated basis best management

estimates to all the segments.

Interest income is not allocated to segments as

this type of activity is driven by the central treasury

function. Similarly, certain costs including corporate

expenses which are not directly related to general

functioning of business are not allocated to segments.

2.13 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet comprise

cash on hand, amount at banks and other short-term

184

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the Company examines the Company’s performance both from a business

& geographical prospective and has identified as reportable segment of its business which are “Recruitment Solutions” and

“99acres”; the “Other segments” comprises primarily Jeevansathi & Shiksha verticals are not considered as reportable operating

segment since they individually do not meet qualifying criteria for the reportable segment as per Ind AS 108.

Business Segment

Amount (₹ Million)

Particular

2022-23

2021-22

1

Segment Revenue:

Recruitment solutions

16,795.86

11,542.16

99acres for real estate

2,845.06

2,173.22

Others

1,945.27

1,909.21

Segment Revenue-Total

21,586.19

15,624.59

2

Results (Profit) after tax:

Recruitment Solutions

10,059.56

6,572.73

99acres for real estate

(1,185.01)

(895.90)

Others

(1,019.13)

(1,092.96)

Total Segment Result

7,855.42

4,583.87

Less: unallocable expenses

(499.57)

(393.48)

Add: unallocated income

1,750.94

1,702.38

Exceptional Item -(loss)/gain

(2,947.45)

95,116.21

Profit Before Tax

6,159.34

101,008.98

Tax Expense

2,047.41

11,783.51

Profit after tax

4,111.93

89,225.47

221

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW:

Managing Director

Director & CFO

Membership Number 094941

DIN: 01189953

DIN: 00678173

Jaya Bhatia

Company Secretary

Membership number: A33211

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: May 26, 2023

Date: May 26, 2023

243

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW:

Managing Director

Membership Number 094941

DIN: 00065640

DIN: 01189953

Chintan Thakkar

Jaya Bhatia

Director & CFO

Company Secretary

DIN: 00678173

Membership number: A33211

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: May 26, 2023

Date: May 26, 2023

252

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Membership Number 094941

DIN: 00065640

DIN: 01189953

Chintan Thakkar

Jaya Bhatia

Director & CFO

Company Secretary

DIN: 00678173

Membership number: A33211

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: May 26, 2023

Date: May 26, 2023

253

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW:

Managing Director

Membership Number 094941

DIN: 00065640

DIN: 01189953

Chintan Thakkar

Jaya Bhatia

Director & CFO

Company Secretary

DIN: 00678173

Membership number: A33211

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: May 26, 2023

Date: May 26, 2023

255

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW:

Managing Director

Membership Number 094941

DIN: 00065640

DIN: 01189953

Chintan Thakkar

Jaya Bhatia

Director & CFO

Company Secretary

DIN: 00678173

Membership number: A33211

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: May 26, 2023

Date: May 26, 2023

257

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW:

Managing Director

& Chief Executive Officer (MD & CEO) who been

identified as the CODM, to assess the financial

performance and position of the Group and

makes strategic decisions.

266

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Membership Number 094941

DIN: 00065640

DIN: 01189953

Chintan Thakkar

Jaya Bhatia

Director & CFO

Company Secretary

DIN: 00678173

Membership number: A33211

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: May 26, 2023

Date: May 26, 2023

343

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW:

