Managing Director of the Company,

amounting to H6,34,68,777/- (Rupees Six Crore Thirty Four Lakh Sixty Eight

Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy Seven Only) and perquisites for the

Financial Year 2022-23 (upto 5th February, 2023) on such terms and conditions

as approved by the shareholders vide resolutions dated July 3, 2018 and

September 29, 2020.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company and/or

any committee thereof be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds

and things as may be required to give effect to the above resolution.”

Item No. 10 – To consider and approve managerial

remuneration paid to Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Executive

Director of the Company for the Financial Year 2022-23

(upto 5th February, 2023) and if thought fit, to pass, the

following resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 196, 197 and 198

read with Schedule V and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies

Act, 2013 (“Act”) (including any amendment, modification or re-enactment

thereof), applicable provisions, if any, of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the rules, regulations, directions

and notifications issued/ framed thereunder and the Articles of Association

of the Company and basis the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and that of the Board of Directors of the Company,

consent of the Members be and is hereby accorded for payment of fixed

managerial remuneration made to Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Executive Director of

the Company, amounting to H4,38,50,548/- (Rupees Four Crore Thirty Eight

Lakh Fifty Thousand Five Hundred and Forty Eight Only) and perquisite for the

Financial Year 2022-23 (upto 5th February, 2023) on such terms and conditions

as approved by the shareholders vide resolutions dated July 3, 2018 and

September 29, 2020.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company and/or

any committee thereof be and is hereby authorized to do all acts, deeds and

things as may be required to give effect to the above resolution.”

By order of the Board

For PVR INOX Limited

Sd/-

Place: New Delhi

Mukesh Kumar

Date: May 15, 2023

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

3

NOTICE:

Letter etc., authorizing

its representative to attend the AGM through VC

/ OAVM on its behalf and to cast its vote through

remote e-voting. Together with attested specimen

signature(s) of the duly authorised representative(s),

to the Scrutinizer at email id dpv@dpvassociates.com

with a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com. The

scanned image of the above-mentioned documents

should be in the naming format “PVR INOX LIMITED

Event No. 7530”

(B)

Members whose email IDs are not registered with

the Company/Depository Participants(s), and

consequently the Annual Report, Notice of AGM and

e-voting instructions cannot be serviced will have to

follow the following process:

i.

Members who have not registered their email address

and in consequence the Annual Report, Notice of

AGM and e-voting instructions cannot be serviced,

may temporarily get their email address and mobile

number registered with KFintech, by accessing the link:

https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/mobilereg/

mobileemailreg.aspx. Members are requested to

follow the process as guided to capture the email

address and mobile number for sending the soft copy

of the notice and e-voting instructions along with

the User ID and Password. In case of any queries,

member may write to einward.ris@kfintech.com.

ii.

Alternatively, member may send an e-mail request

at the email id einward.ris@kfintech.com along with

scanned copy of the signed copy of the request: letter

providing the email address, mobile number, self-

attested PAN copy and Client Master copy in case of

electronic folio and copy of share certificate in case of

physical folio for sending the Annual report, Notice of

AGM and the e-voting instructions.

iii.

After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow

all steps above to cast your vote by electronic means.

Details on Step 3 are mentioned below:

II)

Instructions for all the shareholders, including

Individual, other than Individual and Physical, for

attending the AGM of the Company through VC/

OAVM and e-Voting during the meeting.

i.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend the

AGM through VC / OAVM platform provided by

KFintech. Members may access the same at https://

emeetings.kfintech.com/ by using the e-voting login

credentials provided in the email received from the

Company/KFintech. After logging in, click on the

Video Conference tab and select the EVEN of the

Company. Click on the video symbol and accept the

meeting etiquettes to join the meeting. Please note

that the members who do not have the User ID and

Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID

and Password may retrieve the same by following the

remote e-Voting instructions mentioned above.

ii.

Facility for joining AGM though VC/ OAVM

shall open at least fifteen minutes before the

commencement of the Meeting.

iii.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops/ Desktops with Google Chrome (preferred

browser), Safari, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge,

Mozilla Firefox 22.

iv.

Members will be required to grant access to the

webcam to enable VC / OAVM. Further, Members

connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or

through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may

experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in

their respective network. It is therefore recommended

to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate

any kind of aforesaid glitches.

v.

As the AGM is being conducted through VC / OAVM,

for the smooth conduct of proceedings of the AGM,

Members are encouraged to express their views /

8

Managing Director-

Annual fixed managerial remuneration of H5.50 Crores with

an annual increment @ 8% per annum of fixed remuneration

from FY 2019-20 up to FY 2022-23 plus variable remuneration

by way of Commission @ 3.9% of Net Profits of the Company

payable annually; and

10:

Managing Director-

Annual fixed managerial remuneration of H3.80 Crores with an

annual increment @ 8% per annum of fixed remuneration from

FY 2019-20 up to FY 2022-23 plus variable remuneration by

way of Commission @ 2.10 % of Net Profits of the Company

payable annually.

Later, the Members reconfirmed the above mentioned fixed and

variable remuneration at their meeting held on September 29,

2020 and also approved that the variable remuneration by way of

commission shall be computed without considering the impact of Ind AS

116 (Lease Accounting).

In accordance with the above mentioned minimum fixed remuneration

approved by the Members, the Company has paid fixed remuneration

to Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar during the financial year

FY 2022-23 (upto 5th February, 2023).

The Members may kindly note that since the Company suffered losses

during the last three financial years FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23, due

to COVID-19 pandemic, Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar did

not receive any variable remuneration during the said periods. A

comparison of the Salary drawn by them in last 5 years is provided

below (as Table 1 and Table 2) for your reference.

Table 1

Remuneration (INR Crores)

Mr. Ajay Bijli

FY 2018-19

FY 2019-20

FY 2020-21

FY 2021-22

FY 2022-23^

Pre-Pandemic

Pandemic Impacted

Recovery Year

Fixed

5.50

5.94

6.42

6.42

6.34

Variable

10.76

7.72

-

-

-

Total

16.26

13.66

6.42

6.42

6.34

^ Remunerations as per the earlier approved contract from 1st April 2022 till 5th Feb’23

Table 2

Remuneration (INR Crores)

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar

FY 2018-19

FY 2019-20

FY 2020-21

FY 2021-22

FY 2022-23^

Pre-Pandemic

Pandemic Impacted

Recovery Year

Fixed

3.80

4.10

4.43

4.43

4.38

Variable

6.83

5.74

-

-

-

Total

10.63

9.84

4.43

4.43

4.38

^ Remuneration as per the earlier approved contract from 1st April 2022 till 5th Feb’23

The Company, led by Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, has

displayed remarkable performance and has consistently maintained its

status as a top-tier premier cinema exhibitor in India. Being pioneers

in this industry, they have fostered growth and success through both

organic and inorganic expansion. The Company has faced significant

challenges during the COVID-19 pandemic as cinema exhibition

industry was amongst the worst hit by the pandemic, causing a standstill

of Company’s operations during lock-down. Under the stewardship

of Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, the Company was able to

effectively manage the crisis of COVID-19 pandemic to a great extent

with strong financial resilience, fixed cost control, and raising sufficient

capital in a timely manner to sustain liquidity. Inspite of challenging

business environment, Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar have

successfully steered the Company towards continued success, making

them deserving of the overall credit for the Company's accomplishments

in recent years.

Under their leadership, the number of screens has grown approximately

3 times from 625 screens in March’18 to 1680 screens in March’23

and is further expected to grow to about 1850-1900 screens by

March’24. The company’s screen market share in India has almost

trebled from 6.6% in calendar year CY’18 to 18% in CY’22 and total

India box office market share expanded from 13% to 30% during the

same period.

PVR INOX Merger

Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar not only navigated the Company

through a challenging business environment with efficiency, but they

also led its resurgence with the announcement of merger of INOX

Leisure Limited with the Company in March’2022. Their strategy to

ensure sustained growth of the business was driven by a commitment to

serving the best interests of all stakeholders – including shareholders,

customers etc. The merger of INOX Leisure Limited with the Company

has resulted in the creation of the largest cinema exhibitor in India.

Post-merger, the Company has a nationwide network of 1,689 screens

across 361 properties in 115 cities as on date and a market-leading

position in key regions. The combined scale is expected to attract

approximately180 million+ patrons annually, placing the company

among the top global multiplex operators. Under the able leadership

of Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, the merged company has

embarked on implementing various strategic initiatives including

focusing on profitable growth by exiting underperforming properties,

driving merger synergies to create long term stakeholder value.

Although the Financial year 2022-23 was a recovery year for the

business with revenue nearly returning to the pre-pandemic levels,

however, the profitability was affected due to lower footfalls and higher

fixed costs. Additionally, exceptional costs pertaining to merger related

expenses, asset write-offs in cinemas slated for closure, and deferred

tax write-off led to the Company reporting losses for FY 2022-23.

11

NOTICE:

Managing Director

& CEO of ICICI Venture for close to a decade, she has

contributed in many ways to the evolution of that firm to one

of the largest private equity funds in India. Ms. Renuka has

deep experience of raising, investing and returning third party

capital across several economic cycles.

Has over 23 years of experience in the film exhibition

industry. Has been instrumental in setting up PVR’s relation

with various Hollywood studios including Miramax,

Newline, IEG and Zee MGM.

Terms and conditions of appointment

Liable to retire by rotation

Five years with effect from 6th February, 2023 as Executive

Director and liable to retire by rotation.

Details of remuneration and

remuneration last drawn

NIL

H4,43,22,264/- (Rupees Four Crore Forty Three Lakh

Twenty Two Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty Four Only)

Details of remuneration sought to be

paid

NIL

H4,38,50,548/- (Rupees Four Crore Thirty Eight Lakh

Fifty Thousand Five Hundred and Forty Eight Only) and

perquisites as approved by the shareholders

Directorship held in other companies

(excluding foreign companies)

1. Multiples Alternate Asset Management Private Limited

2. Multiples Equity Fund Trustee Private Limited

3. Tata Communications Limited

4. Peoplestrong Technologies Private Limited

5. Vastu Housing Finance Corporation Limited

6. TV 18 Broadcast Limited

7. Zenex Animal Health India Private Limited

8. Multiples Asset Management IFSC Private Limited.

1. PVR Pictures Limited

2. Bijli Realty Private Limited

3. SRB Grace Enterprises Private Limited

Listed entities from which director has

resigned in past 3 years

1. Arvind Limited.

NIL

Committees membership/

chairmanships held in other companies

(excluding foreign companies)

Name of Company Committee

Designation

PVR Pictures Limited – CSR Committee (Member).

Multiples Alternate

Asset Management

Private Limited

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Committee

Chairperson

Member

Tata

Communications

Limited

Audit Committee Chairperson

Nomination and

Remuneration

Committee

Member

Number of shares/Convertible

Instrument, either in individual

capacity or on a beneficial basis, held

in the Company, as on the date of

appointment

NIL

40,95,070

Membership/ Chairmanships of

Committees of the Board

• Nomination and Remuneration Committee

• Risk Management Committee

• Stakeholders Relationship Committee

• Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

• Finance & Operations Committee

Relationship with any Director(s),

Manager(s) and other Key

Managerial Personnel of the

Company

None

None

Number of Board meetings attended

during the Financial Year 2022-23

6

5

13

NOTICE:

Managing Director at

UBS and previously

JP Morgan."

• “Nominated as the

‘Entrepreneur of

the Year’ by The

Economic Times for

two years (2004 &

2005) in succession,

• Recognized as ‘The

Most Admired Food

Professional of the

Year’ at The Golden

Spoon Awards 2008:

The Images Award

for Excellence in

food retailing,

• Admitted as the only

Restaurateur in the

'Hall of fame' by

the Federation of

Hotels & Restaurants

of India (FHRAI) at

their 45th convention

in Agra in 2010

• Contributed

immensely to the

growth of F & B

Retail and has

been Chairman

of International

Hospitality Fair,

Confederation of

Indian Industry

(CII) – 2010,

Sub-Committee on

Tourism (Northern

Region), CII(The

Confederation of

Indian Industry)

2004 – 2006, CII

National Committee

on Retailing 2002-

2004, CII Delhi State

Council 2003-2004.

• A highly recognised

influencer and opinion

leader in hospitality, travel

and tourism with numerous

achievements to her credit.

• Featured in Impact’s list of

Most Influential Women in

Marketing across 3 years

and the Business Today list

of Most Powerful Business

Women for 2 years.

• A unique luxury hospitality

and brand specialist with

proficiency in Branding,

Marketing, Sales and

Public Relations.

• Ex-Head of Sales &

Marketing for Taj Hotels,

Palaces, Resorts, Safaris.

• She has served on various

travel & tourism entities

such as CII & FICCI

tourism entities, FAITH,

TAAI, HAI during her

tenure with the Taj.

• Ranked as ‘Global Leader’ in WWL Global

Guides Arbitration 2022

• Recognised as a Star Individual for Dispute Resolution

by Chambers and Partners, 2020-22

• Recognised as an Eminent Practitioners in

Competition/Antitrust & Band 2 in White-Collar

Crime & Dispute Resolution: Arbitration by

Chambers & Partners, 2022

• Awarded the Hall of Fame for Dispute Resolution

by Legal 500, 2020-22

• Among the Economic Times Most Promising

Women Leaders of 2021

• Among the Top 50 Managing Partners in the

Forbes, India, Legal Powerlist, 2020-21

• Recognised as a Dispute Resolution Star for

Commercial and Transactions, Competition/Antitrust by

Benchmark Litigation, 2020-21

• Recognised in Global Investigation

Review 100, 2021

• Recognised as an Elite practitioner for Dispute

Resolution and Competition/Antitrust by Asialaw

Profiles, 2020-21

• Recognised in Fortune India’s Most Powerful

Women in Business, 2021

• Honoured with ‘Award of Mulan’ at the BRICS

Women Innovation Contest, 2021

• Recognised as a Litigation Star for Commercial

and Transactions, Competition/Antitrust by Benchmark

Litigation Asia-Pacific, 2021

• Recognised among ‘The Economic Times Most

Promising Women Leaders of 2021’

• Recognised as a Thought Leader – Global

Elite by Who’s Who Legal 2021

• Among IBLJ’s A-List of India’s Top 100

Lawyers & 35 Legal Icons, 2021

• Awarded the Lawyers of India Day Award –

2020 by the Bar Association of India

• Awarded the Woman Lawyer of the Year at the

BW Global Legal Awards, 2020

• Among the Top 100 Women in Litigation

2020 by Benchmark Litigation

• Received the Lifetime Achievement Award at the

Chambers India Awards, 2019.

• Member of the Academy

of Motion Pictures, Arts &

Sciences (since 2006)

• Member of the Board

of Directors of Premiere

Digital, a prominent

Post Production

Corporation based in Los

Angeles & Bangalore

• Recipient of the OUR

HOUSE Founders Award,

• Recipient of the American

Cinematheque annual

Sid Grauman Award,

• Former Director of the

IMAX’s corporate Board of

Directors and IMAX China,

a subsidiary of IMAX

Corporation and Member

of the Board of Trustees of

the University of Southern

California School of

Dramatic Arts (2013-2018)

15

NOTICE:

Director's Cut, Insignia, and Luxe, PVR INOX promises

moviegoers an immersive and indulgent adventure like

never before. The seamless integration of their loyalty

programmes introduces a unified rewards system, adorned

with personalised benefits tailored to individual preferences.

As for indulging the senses, PVR INOX offers a tantalising

range of Food and Beverage (F&B) options catering to

diverse tastes, from gourmet delights to healthier alternatives.

Moreover, the merged entity places great importance

on environmental consciousness, adopting eco-friendly

practices to create a sustainable cinema experience.

Paving the way for expanded access to entertainment

in untapped markets and elevating customer service to

new heights, PVR INOX's world of cinematic brilliance

promises nothing short of an extraordinary journey.:

Managing Director: Dear Shareholders,

It is with immense pleasure that we present

to you the first Annual Report of the merged

entity PVR INOX Limited. We are excited

about the endless possibilities that lay ahead

of us, especially during a time when the

industry is poised for recovery and growth.

The Merger

As the cinema industry was emerging from

the pandemic, we realised that the changing

media landscape and evolving consumer

behaviour would make scale even more

relevant in times ahead. We were presented

with a unique opportunity to merge two

of the strongest consumer brands in India

and create the largest cinema exhibition

chain. On March 27, 2022, the Board of

Managing Director

Sanjeev Kumar

Executive Director

MD AND ED’S MESSAGE

Our immediate focus

post-merger is successful

integration of both the

entities, realisation

of synergies and also

relooking the combined

portfolio from the

lens of profitability

and favourable unit

economics.

04

05

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

>>> MD & ED'S Message:

Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to present to you the first

annual report of PVR INOX, post the merger

of INOX Leisure Limited with PVR Limited.

Please note that the reported numbers for FY

2022-23 vis-a-vis the previous years are not

comparable. Given that the appointed date

of the merger with INOX was

January 1, 2023, the financial performance

of Inox Leisure for only one quarter i.e., Q4

FY2023 forms part of the annual results.

Hence for full-year FY 2022-23, the reported

numbers have three quarters of PVR and

1 quarter of PVR INOX’s financials. For

the purpose of presenting a like-to-like

analysis, proforma figures have been used

for the combined entity for all periods in the: letter below.

Overview

FY 2022-23 was a year of recovery for the

cinema exhibition industry as box office

collections recovered to almost

pre-pandemic levels. The industry recorded

box office collections of C10,637 Crores

in CY 2022 and had recorded collections

of C10,948 Crores in CY 2019. (Source:

Ormax Media)

Although the revenue for the Company

recovered to the pre-pandemic levels

of FY 2019-20, the year was marked by

significant quarter-on-quarter volatility

in terms of admissions and box office

performance across genres. The overall

occupancy for the year was lower by

~6.6% when compared to FY 2019-20

and the absolute admissions were lower

by approximately 16%. The decline in

admissions on same-store basis was even

steeper at 21%.

While South Indian and regional content

experienced a strong recovery in box

office collections during the year with

outperformance coming in from the three

major South Indian languages (Tamil, Telugu

and Kannada), mainstream Hindi language

content and Hollywood films significantly

underperformed when compared to the

pre-pandemic levels.

The first quarter recorded the highest-ever

quarterly Revenue, EBITDA, and PAT, with

43+ Million patrons visiting our cinemas.

This quarter saw the release of KGF 2

(Kannada), which became the second

highest-grossing domestic movie of all

time, accumulating C970 Crores in gross

collections. The second quarter turned out

to be a break-even period operationally,

as highly anticipated blockbusters like Laal

Singh Chaddha, Raksha Bandhan, and

Liger from Bollywood failed to perform

well at the box office. The third quarter

showed improvement compared to the

second quarter but was still lower than

the first quarter, driven by the exceptional

performance of regional movies like

Ponniyin Selvan 1 (Tamil) and Kantara

(Kannada), as well as Bollywood's

Drishyam 2 and Hollywood's Avatar 2:

The Way of Water and Wakanda Forever.

Avatar 2 emerged as the highest-grossing

English movie in India. The fourth quarter

started strong with the release of Pathaan,

which became the highest-grossing

Bollywood movie ever. However, apart

from the residual collections of Avatar 2,

other English movies did not perform well,

resulting in the quarter being operationally

break-even for the Company.

Box office collections were impacted due

to underperformance of Hindi films as

successive tentpoles failed to resonate

with the audiences. Hindi box office lost

market share to South Indian languages as

it reduced from 44% in CY 2019 to 33% in

CY 2022. 32% of Hindi box office came

from dubbed versions of South Indian films

like KGF 2, RRR, Kantara, etc. Without these

films, Hindi cinema would have closed the

year at an even-lower total.

Hindi

44%

Telugu

13%

Tamil

13%

Kannada

5%

Malayalam

6%

Hollywood

15%

Others

4%

Hollywood box office collections were

impacted globally because ~46% fewer

movies were released compared to the pre-

pandemic period. This resulted in the US and

Canada box office recovering to only 66%

of pre-pandemic levels. (Source: Box Office

Mojo by IMDbPr)

Language-wise Box Office

Share in CY 2019

(Source: Ormax Media)

Volatility in Quarterly Admissions

(Mn)

Q1

FY23

Q2

FY23

Q3

FY23

Q4

FY23

43

30

37

30

The recovery in revenue for us resulted primarily from

growth in ticket prices and growth in average spend per

head on F&B in cinemas.

Hindi

33%

Telugu

20%

Tamil

16%

Kannada

8%

Malayalam

6%

Hollywood

12%

Others

5%

Language-wise Box Office

Share in CY 2022

NITIN SOOD

Chief Financial Officer

06

07

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

>>> Message from the CFO

DIRECTOR'S CUT

LUXURY

TOTAL 126

20

21

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

>>> Brand Portfolio:

Managing Director

SANJEEV KUMAR

Executive Director

PAVAN KUMAR JAIN

Chairman and Non-Executive Director

RENUKA RAMNATH

Non-Executive Director

HAIGREVE KHAITAN

Independent Director

PALLAVI SHARDUL SHROFF

Independent Director

VISHESH CHANDER CHANDIOK

Independent Director

SIDDHARTH JAIN

Non-Executive Director

SANJAI VOHRA

Independent Director

AMIT JATIA

Independent Director

AJAY BIJLI: Managing Director

Mr. Ajay Bijli is the Managing Director of the

company. As the Founder of PVR Cinemas,

Mr. Bijli transformed the way millions of

Indians watch movies for over two and a

half decades exposing Indian viewers to

world-class movie viewing experience. This

led to the beginning of the growth of the

out-of-home entertainment sector with movie

going in multiplexes playing an integral role.

A visionary and thought leader in the film

exhibition industry, Mr. Bijli is spearheading

the multiplex industry growth in an

under-screened market for the world’s largest

film producing nation.

He has served on several influential bodies

including the Mumbai Academy of the Moving

Image (MAMI), FICCI Multiplex Association

(India), The Film and TV Producers Guild

(India), Young Presidents’ Organization

and Central Board of Film Certification,

Government of India.

Mr. Bijli is the recipient of numerous

international and national awards including

the Economic Times Excellence in CX and

Economic Times Employee Excellence 2022,

India’s Top Multiplex Chain of the Year’ in Big

Cine Expo 2022, IMAGES Most Admired

Multiplex Operator of the Year 2022,

International Exhibitor of the Year award

at Cine Asia 2017 and CNBC TV 18 Asia

Innovator of the Year 2016.

Mr. Bijli has completed the Owners/President

Management program from the Graduate

School of Business Administration, Harvard

University. He is an YPO Gold Fellow of

the world’s largest leadership community of

Chief Executives.

Mr. Bijli belongs to an ecosystem of prolific

and gifted directors, writers, actors, and

musicians. Their creative pursuits inspired him

to cultivate his childhood love for singing. He

is the lead singer of his newly formed band,

‘Random Order’.

SANJEEV KUMAR

Executive Director

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar is the Executive Director

of the company. As the Co-Founder of

PVR Cinemas, Mr. Kumar managed the full

spectrum of the company’s business including

programming, relationship with Hollywood

studios, film distribution, content selection,

development & growth strategy. Mr. Kumar

is also the Director of PVR Pictures Limited,

the motion picture arm of PVR INOX Limited

which enjoys a pivotal leadership role in the

independent film distribution space.

Mr. Kumar is a member of Entrepreneurs

Organization (EO), the world’s only peer-to-

peer network exclusively for entrepreneurs that

offers educational opportunities, mentoring and

networking opportunities to young business

owners. Taking forward its vision, he offers

mentorship and seed money for grooming

young entrepreneurs at the school level in the

‘Business Blasters’ programme, the school

start-up initiative of the Delhi Government.

As an experiential evangelist, Mr. Kumar

has been honoured with the Business World

Applause Person of the Year 2020.

Mr. Kumar holds a Bachelor’s degree in

Finance and Accounting from Salford

University, Manchester and a Master’s

degree in Business Administration from

Imperial College, London University.

On receiving professional training in

operations and development at the Village

Entertainment Centre, Australia, Mr. Kumar

excelled in management skills in the cinema

industry domain.

Mr. Kumar is an avid explorer and likes to

indulge himself with travelling, music, TV shows,

reading and a columnist in media publications.

He maintains a high level of consciousness

and action in social, environment and climate

change initiatives.

Committee Details

Managing Director and CEO

of Multiples Alternate Asset Management, a

private equity manager and advisor to funds

of ~ USD 1.5 bn. She has over 30 years

of experience in the Indian financial sector

across private equity, investment banking and

structured finance. For close to three decades

in financial services, Renuka successfully

built several businesses in the ICICI Group

including Investment Banking, e-commerce

and private equity. As the MD and CEO of

ICICI Venture for close to a decade, she led

that firm to become one of the largest private

equity funds in India.

She is a Board member of EMPEA, the global

industry association for private capital in

emerging markets. She is also the vice-

chairperson of the Executive Committee of

Indian Venture Capital Association. Renuka

has been featured in many prestigious listings,

including the Top 25 Most Powerful Women

in Business (Business Today, India); India's

most Powerful CEO's (Economic Times), the

Top 25 Non Bank Women in Finance (US

Banker's global list), Asia's Women in the

Mix: The Year's Top 50 for Achievement in

Business (Forbes), Top 25 Women in Asian

Asset Management (Asian Investor) and most

recently has been awarded the AVCJ Special

Achievement Award, 2019.

PALLAVI SHARDUL SHROFF

Independent Director

Ms. Pallavi Shardul Shroff is the Independent

Director of the Company. She is the

Managing Partner of Shardul Amarchand

Mangaldas & Co. with over 37 years

of extensive experience. Her broad and

varied representation of public and private

corporations and other entities, before various

national courts, tribunals and legal institutions

has earned her national and international

acclaim. She is a member of the Competition

Law Review Committee, constituted by the

Government of India. Ms. Shroff has been

closely involved with some of the most

challenging litigation and arbitration matters

in India. She appears regularly in the Supreme

Court and High Courts of India, and in

arbitrations, mediations and international legal

disputes. She has recently been appointed on

the ICC (International Chamber of Commerce)

Court of Arbitration. She is presently a Director

on the Boards of prestigious companies

viz. Apollo Tyres Ltd., Trident Ltd., Asian

Paints Ltd, InterGlobe Aviation (Indigo Airlines)

and One97 Communications Ltd (Paytm).

Ms. Shroff was recently conferred the ‘Lifetime

Achievement Award’ at the Chambers India

Awards 2019 and also been recognised as

one of the Most Powerful Women in Indian

Business by Business Today, seven years in

succession (2013-19).

SANJAI VOHRA

Independent Director

Sanjai Vohra is an Independent Director

of our Company. He holds a bachelor’s

degree in science from the University of

Delhi and holds a post graduate diploma

in management from the Indian Institute of

Management, Ahmedabad. He is also a

director on the board of Tivass Strategies

(India) Private Limited.

HAIGREVE KHAITAN

Independent Director

Haigreve is a Partner and heads the

Corporate / M&A and Private Equity practice

at the Khaitan & Co. He is an elected member

of the National Executive Committee of

the Firm, which is responsible for the Firm’s

strategic growth and development. He advises

companies, boards of directors and financial

institutions on a wide range of corporate

matters, including mergers and acquisitions,

private equity investments, corporate

governance, corporate restructuring and other

corporate and securities laws matters.

He has been involved in some of the most

high-profile and complex M&A and private

equity transactions in India and is sought after

for his expertise by some of the most prominent

Indian promoters, Indian and international

companies, Indian regulatory agencies as well

as some of the largest global funds investing

in India. He advises a range of large Indian

conglomerates and multinational clients in

various business sectors, including financial

services, manufacturing, retail, infrastructure,

steel, software and technology.

Haigreve has been consistently recommended

by many of the world’s leading law chambers

and accreditation bodies. Sources also

praise him as an “outstanding lawyer” who

is “extremely good and very sharp when it

comes to large transactions’’.

Haigreve serves as an Independent

Non-Executive Director on the Board of

Directors of several Indian companies such as

Jio Platforms Limited, Torrent Pharmaceuticals

Ltd, Mahindra & Mahindra Limited, CEAT

Limited, JSW Steel Limited, Tech Mahindra

Limited and Borosil Renewables Limited.

VISHESH CHANDER CHANDIOK

Independent Director

As Chief Executive Officer of Grant Thornton

Bharat, Vishesh leads the execution of the

Firm’s strategy and vision and is responsible

for its operations and growth.

Vishesh drives the Firm’s relationship with

some of the most dynamic private, public,

and multinational clients and assists them

in unlocking their growth potential. He has

been involved with UK and US IPOs of

several Indian businesses and cross-border

acquisitions by Indian companies and has

helped global multinationals succeed in India.

For over 20 years, Vishesh has been one

of the most vocal promoters of the need for

Indian family businesses to adopt formal

governance structures and succession

planning frameworks, thereby preserving

business legacy.

Vishesh has been the primary advisor to

the World Bank’s report, Observance of

Standards and Codes (ROSC), on accounting

and auditing. In collaboration with large

corporates, the audit profession and

regulators, the report set out the action plan on

accounting and auditing for India.

Vishesh works closely with the global Grant

Thornton network and its member firms. He

has been associated with several global

committees, including the Senior Leadership

Program at SAID Business School, the

University of Oxford, and in incubating

Global Research and Global Delivery

from India for benefit of the network. On

1 January 2016, Vishesh became the

youngest member to be elected to the Global

Board of Governors of Grant Thornton

International Limited, the ultimate decision-

making authority within the Firm.

Vishesh is a Chartered Accountant from the

Institute of Chartered Accountants in England

and Wales, UK, and holds a Master of

Science in Business and Management from the

University of Strathclyde, Glasgow, UK. He

has been working with Grant Thornton in the

UK and India for over 20 years.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

AMIT JATIA

Independent Director

Amit Jatia is the Vice Chairman at

Westlife Foodworld Ltd, formerly known

as Westlife Development, the master

franchisee of McDonald’s® restaurants in

West & South India.

In his role as the leader of the world’s

largest and most loved QSR brand in

West & South India, Amit is responsible for

providing strategic direction to the business

and leading the team towards achieving

rapid growth and profitability.

Amit’s tryst with entrepreneurship

started early when he joined his family’s

manufacturing business and led many

critical projects successfully. In 1996,

Amit got the opportunity of setting up

McDonald’s in India and has been an

integral part of the QSR industry for

over 25 years. Under his leadership,

McDonald’s expanded its footprint to over

300 restaurants, launched its in-house

coffee chain McCafé and scaled itself to

a food tech company going from strength

to strength.

Amit is passionate about mentoring

businesses and often guides several other

family-owned firms.

In 2003, Amit was bestowed with the

‘Young Achievers Award’, by the

Indo-American Society. Business World,

a leading business magazine named

McDonald’s the ‘Most Respected

Company in the Food Sector for three

consecutive years.

>>> Board of Directors

Committee Details

Chairman

Member

Audit Committee Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) Risk Management Committee (RMC)

Stakeholders Relationship Committee (SRC) Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (CSR):

Managing Director)

Sanjeev Kumar

Promoter and Co-founder

(Executive Director)

Siddharth Jain

Promoter

(Non-Executive Director)

Renuka Ramnath

(Non-Executive Director)

Sanjai Vohra

(Independent Director)

Pallavi Shardul Shroff

(Independent Director)

Haigreve Khaitan

(Independent Director)

Amit Jatia

(Independent Director)

Vishesh Chander Chandiok

(Independent Director)

Nitin Sood

(Chief Financial Officer)

Mukesh Kumar

(Company Secretary and Compliance Officer)

Corporate

Information

Statutory Auditor

S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants Firm's Registration

No.: 301003E/E300005

Internal Auditor

KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP

LLP Registration No. : AAT-0367

Main Bankers

HDFC Bank Limited

ICICI Bank Limited

Axis Bank Limited

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

IDFC First Bank Limited

IndusInd Bank Limited

Registered Office

7th Floor, Lotus Grandeur Building,

Veera Desai Road, Opposite Gundecha

Symphony, Andheri (West)

Mumbai - 400053, Maharashtra

Corporate Office

Block A, 4th Floor, Building No. 9A, DLF

Cyber City, Phase - III, Gurugram 122 002,

Haryana, India

Tel: +91 124 4708 100

Website: www.pvrcinemas.com

Investor Grievance e-mail:

cosec@pvrcinemas.com,

Investorrelations@pvrcinemas.com

Registrar and Transfer Agent

KFIN Technologies Limited

(formerly known as ‘KFin Technologies Private

Limited’) Selenium Building, Tower B,

Plot No- 31& 32, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,

Hyderabad, Rangareddy, 500 032,

Telangana, India

Tel: +91 40 6716 2222

Website: www.kfintech.com

Investor grievance e-mail:

einward.ris@kfintech.com

PVR INOX LIMITED

Corporate Identity Number

L74899MH1995PLC387971

58

59

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

CORPORATE OVERVIEW:

Managing Director of

the Company.

iii)

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar was appointed as Executive Director of

the Company; and

iv)

Mr. Siddharth Jain was appointed as Non-Executive

Director of the Company.

2.

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan and Mr. Amit Jatia were appointed

as an Independent Directors for a period of one year w.e.f.

February 10, 2023;

60

61

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

>>> Board Report

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director

Mr. Nitin Sood

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Mukesh Kumar

Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

12. Meetings of the Board of Directors

During the Financial Year 2022-23, the Board of Directors met

6 times. The details of Board Meetings and Committee Meetings

are given in the Corporate Governance Report forming part of

the Annual Report.

13. Audit Committee

As on March 31, 2023, the Audit Committee comprised the

following directors:

• Mr. Ajay Bijli

• Mr. Siddharth Jain

• Mr. Haigreve Khaitan;

• Mr. Vishesh Chander Chandiok;

• Mr. Sanjai Vohra; and

• Ms. Pallavi Shardul Shroff;

It is further confirmed that the recommendations of Audit

Committee, as made from time to time, were duly accepted by the

Board of Directors.

14. Policy on Directors Appointment and

Remuneration Policy

Pursuant to the requirements under Section 134(3)(e) and

Section 178(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, the policy on

appointment of Board Members including criteria for determining

qualifications, positive attributes, independence of a director and

remuneration of directors, KMP and other employees is annexed

as Annexure ‘1’, which forms part of this Report.

There has been no change in the Policy during the financial year

under review.

15. Performance Evaluation of the Board, its

Committees and Directors

Pursuant to applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

and Listing Regulations, the Board, in consultation with its

Nomination & Remuneration Committee, has formulated a

framework containing, inter alia, the criteria for performance

evaluation of the entire Board, its Committees and Individual

Directors, including Independent Directors.

In order to evaluate the performance of the Board, various

factors viz. board diversity, knowledge and expertise, corporate

governance practices etc. are assessed. Similarly, for evaluation

of Directors’ performance, their profile, contribution in Board and

Committee Meetings, execution and performance of specific

duties, obligations, regulatory compliances and governance

are evaluated.

During the Financial Year under review, the Independent Directors

met separately without the presence of any Non-Independent

Director and the members of management and discussed, inter

alia, the performance of Non-Independent Directors and Board

as a whole and reviewed the performance of the Chairman of

the Company.

The performance evaluation of all the Independent Directors

have been done by the entire Board, excluding the Director

being evaluated.

The Directors expressed their satisfaction with the

evaluation process.

16. Remuneration of Directors and Employees

Disclosures pertaining to remuneration and other details as

required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(1) of

the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014 is annexed as Annexure ‘2’ which

forms part of this Report.

In terms of Section 136 of the Act, the report and accounts

are being sent to the Members and others entitled thereto,

excluding the information on employees particulars which is

available for inspection by the members at the registered office

of the Company during business hours on working days of the

Company from the date of this Report up to the date of ensuing

Annual General Meeting. Any member interested in obtaining

such particulars may write to the Company Secretary and the

same will be made available on request.

17. Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Pursuant to requirements of Section 134(3)(c) of the Companies

Act, 2013 with respect to Directors’ Responsibility Statement, the

Directors confirm:

(a)

That in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable

accounting standards had been followed along with proper

explanation relating to material departures;

(b)

That the directors had selected such accounting policies and

applied them consistently and made judgments and estimates that

are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of

the state of affairs of the Company at the end of the financial year

and of the profit and loss of the Company for that period;

(c)

That the directors had taken proper and sufficient care for the

maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance

with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding the assets of

the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and

other irregularities;

(d)

That the directors had prepared the annual accounts on a going

concern basis;

(e)

That the directors, had laid down internal financial controls to be

followed by the Company and that such internal financial controls

are adequate and were operating effectively; and

(f)

That the directors had devised proper systems to ensure

compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that

such systems were adequate and operating effectively.

18. Internal Financial Control and their adequacy

The Company has an internal control system, commensurate with

the size, scale and complexity of its operations. The Company

has in place adequate controls, procedures and policies,

ensuring orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including

adherence to the Company’s policies, safeguarding of its assets,

prevention and detection of frauds and errors, accuracy and

completeness of accounting records and timely preparation of

reliable financial information. Further, Audit committee interacts

with the statutory auditors, internal auditors and management in

dealing with matters within its terms of reference. During the year

under review, such controls were assessed and no reportable

material weakness in the design or operations were observed.

Accordingly, the Board is of the opinion that the Company’s

internal financial controls were adequate and effective during

Financial Year 2022-23.

Kindly refer Statutory Auditor Report on internal financial controls

forming part of this Annual Report for Auditors opinion on internal

financial controls.

19. Details in respect of frauds reported by Auditors

other than those which are reportable to

the Central Government.

The Statutory Auditors and Secretarial Auditor of the Company

have not reported any fraud to the Audit committee or the Board

of Directors under Section 143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013,

including rules made thereunder.

20. Report on the Performance & Financial

Position of Subsidiaries

As on March 31, 2023, following is the list of subsidiaries of the

Company:

Sl.

No.

Name of the subsidiary company

1

PVR Pictures Limited

2

Zea Maize Private Limited

3

P V R Lanka Limited

4

Shouri Properties Private Limited

In terms of Companies Act, 2013, your Company does not have

any direct associate Company or joint venture Company during

the Financial Year 2022-23.

Pursuant to Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013 and

Rule 8(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 report on

performance and financial position of subsidiaries in prescribed

Form AOC-1 is annexed as per Annexure ‘3’ which forms part

of this Report.

In terms of provisions under Section 136 of the Companies Act,

2013, audited accounts of the subsidiary companies are placed

on the website of the Company at https://www.pvrcinemas.

com/corporate.

The Company will make available these documents upon request

by any shareholder of the Company. The procedure for inspection

of documents is mentioned in the Notice forming part of the

Annual Report.

Board Report

62

63

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

>>> Board Report

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director

Executive Director

Board Report

64

65

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

>>> Board Report

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director(s) and

Whole-time Director(s)) appointed under the

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules

made thereunder.

Key Managerial

Personnel :: Managing

Managing Director

1:225

B Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Executive Director

1:156

Median Salary – (In `)

3,72,156

(ii)

The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer and

Company Secretary

A Mr. Ajay Bijli,: Managing

Managing Director

Executive Director

Annexure '6' to Board Report

To,

The Members of

PVR INOX LIMITED

(formerly known as PVR Limited)

(CIN: L74899MH1995PLC387971)

7th Floor Lotus, Grandeur Building,

Veera Desai Road, Opposite Gundecha

Symphony, Andheri (West) Mumbai

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of

applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate

practices by PVR INOX LIMITED (formerly known as PVR Limited)

(hereinafter called ‘the Company’). Secretarial Audit was conducted

in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for evaluating the

corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing my opinion

thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute

books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the

Company and also the information provided by the Company, its

officers, agents and authorised representatives during the conduct of

secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company

has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on

March 31, 2023 (‘Audit Period’) complied with the statutory provisions

listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board

processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the

manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns

filed and other records maintained by the Company for the Audit

Period according to the provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) and the rules made

thereunder;

(ii)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the

rules made thereunder;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws

framed thereunder;

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules

and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign

Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External

Commercial Borrowings;

(v)

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’): —

(a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial

Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

(b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

(c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of

Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018

(Not applicable to the Company during the Audit Period);

(d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021;

(e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and

Listing of Non-convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021;

(f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to

an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993

regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;

(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of

Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021(Not applicable to the

Company during the Audit Period); and

(h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback

of Securities) Regulations, 2018(Not applicable to the

Company during the Audit Period);

(vi) We further report that having regard to the compliance system

prevailing in the Company and on examination of the relevant

documents and records in pursuance thereof on test-check basis,

the Company has complied with the following laws applicable

specifically to the Company:

(a)

All Cinematograph Acts and Rules as applicable to

the Company;

(b)

The Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 read with the

Food Safety and Standards Rules, 2011 with allied rules

and regulations;

We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of

the following:-

(i)

Secretarial Standards (SS-1 and SS-2) issued by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India; and

(ii)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

During the audit period, the Company has complied with the

provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. as

mentioned above.

I further report that the Board of Directors of the Company is duly

constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive

Directors and Independent Directors including the Woman Director.

The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took

place during the audit period were carried out in compliance with the

provisions of the Act.

Adequate notices were given to all directors to schedule the Board

Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent in advance

of the meetings and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further

information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting

and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings were carried

out unanimously as recorded in the minutes of the meetings of the Board

of Directors or Committee(s) of the Board, as the case may be.

Board Report

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

For the Financial year ended March 31, 2023

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

74

75

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

>>> Board Report

STATUTORY REPORTS:

letter of even date which is annexed as

Annexure and forms an integral part of this report.

To

The Members,

PVR INOX LIMITED

(formerly known as PVR Limited)

(CIN: L74899MH1995PLC387971)

7th Floor Lotus, Grandeur Building,

Veera Desai Road, Opposite Gundecha

Symphony, Andheri (West) Mumbai

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter:

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on

those secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test-check basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in the secretarial

records. I believe that the process and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of the financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of

events, etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of the

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test-check basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For DPV & Associates LLP

Company Secretaries

Firm Reg. No.: L2021DE009500

Peer Review Certificate No. 2792/2022

Devesh Kumar Vasisht

Managing Partner

Place: New Delhi

CP No.:13700/Mem. No. F8488

Date: May 15, 2023

UDIN: F008488E000402475

Annexure to the Secretarial Audit Report

Board Report

76

77

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

>>> Board Report

STATUTORY REPORTS

Managing Director

and the Executive Director respectively for 5 years. Mr. Pavan Jain

and Mr. Siddharth Jain have been appointed as the Non-Executive

Chairman and Non-Executive Director. Other members of the board

are:

• Ms. Renuka Ramnath: Non-Executive Director

– She is also the founder,: Managing Director and CEO of

Multiples Alternate Asset Management

• Ms. Pallavi Shardul Shroff: Independent Director

– She is also the Managing Partner of Shardul Amarchand

Mangaldas & Co.

• Mr. Sanjai Vohra: Independent Director

– Ex Managing Director at UBS and JP Morgan

• Mr. Haigreve Khaitan: Independent Director

– He is also a Partner and heads the Corporate/M&A and

Private Equity practice at Khaitan & Co.

• Mr. Vishesh Chander Chandiok: Independent Director

– He is also the Chief Executive Officer of Grant Thornton Bharat

• Mr. Amit Jatia: Independent Director

– He is also the Vice

letter of law;

• Do what is right and not what is convenient;

• Provide complete transparency on operations; and

• Follow openness in communication with all our stakeholders.

The Corporate Governance Structure of the Company can be

described through three layers namely:

• Shareholders appoint Board of Directors and entrust them with

necessary powers;

• Board leads strategic management and constitutes various

committees to handle specific areas of responsibility; and

• The KMP’s and the committees take up specific responsibility and

day to day affairs as set by the Board and as required by the law.

Corporate Governance is an integral part of PVR INOX in its pursuit of

excellence, growth and value creation. It continuously endeavours to

leverage available resources for translating opportunities into reality.

During the year under review, the Board of Directors, Management

and employees continued their pursuit of achieving these objectives

through the adoption and monitoring of prudent business plans

and by monitoring the major risks of the Company’s business.

The Company pursues policies and procedures to satisfy its legal

and ethical responsibilities. The Company’s Philosophy is to achieve

business excellence and optimise long-term Shareholders’ value on a

sustained basis by ethical business conduct. The Company is committed

to transparency in all its dealings and places strong emphasis on

business ethics.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS (“THE BOARD”)

Composition of the Board:

As on March 31, 2023, the Company had Ten Directors on the Board.

The Board is comprised of two Executive Directors and Eight Non-

Executive Directors out of which five are Independent Directors. The

Board included two Women Non-Executive Directors and out of which

one is Independent Woman Director. The composition of the Board

was in accordance with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred as “Listing

Regulations”) and Companies Act, 2013.

Mr. Pavan Kumar Jain, Promoter and Non - Executive Director is the

Chairman of the Board.

The composition of the Board of Directors, shareholding in the Company, details regarding directorship/membership in Committees of other

companies, attendance in last Annual General Meeting & Board Meetings of the Company held during the Financial Year 2022-23 are as under:

Name of the

Directors

Category

Sharehold-

ing in the

Company

as on

March 31,

2023 (No.

of equity

shares)

No. of

Board

Meetings

attended

during the

Financial

Year

2022-23

Name of other Listed Entity in

which the person is a director

and category

Attendance

at the last

AGM held

on July

2022

Relationship

between

Directors

inter-se

*Number

of other

Director-

ships as

on 31.03.

2023

&Number of Committee

Memberships and

Chairmanship in other

public Companies as on

31.03.2023

Member-

ships

Chairman-

ships

Pavan Kumar

Jain$

Promoter, Chairman

& Non-Executive

Director

2,15,992

1 of 1 GFL Limited – Director

N.A.

Father of

Mr. Siddharth

Jain

4

3

1

Ajay Bijli@

Promoter and: Managing Director

57,72,205

5 of 6 NIL

Yes

No inter-se

relationship

between

Directors

4

NIL

NIL

Sanjeev

Kumar@

Promoter and

Executive Director

40,95,070

5 of 6 NIL

Yes

No inter-se

relationship

between

Directors

3

NIL

NIL

Siddharth Jain$

Promoter and

Non-Executive,

Non-Independent

2,82,589

1 of 1 GFL Limited - Director

N.A.

Son of

Mr. Pavan

Kumar Jain

5

3

1

Renuka

Ramnath

Non-Executive,

Non-Independent,

Woman Director

-

6 of 6 i. Tata Communications Limited-

Independent Director

ii. TV18 Broadcast Limited-

Independent Director

iii. Vastu Housing Finance

Corporation Limited –

Nominee Director

Yes

No inter-se

relationship

between

Directors

8

1

1

Vikram Bakshi~

Non-Executive,

Independent

Director

-

4 of 5 NIL

Yes

No inter-se

relationship

between

Directors

17

NIL

NIL

Sanjai Vohra

Non-Executive,

Independent

Director

1,343

5 of 6 NIL

Yes

No inter-se

relationship

between

Directors

1

NIL

NIL

Name of the

Directors

Category

Sharehold-

ing in the

Company

as on

March 31,

2023 (No.

of equity

shares)

No. of

Board

Meetings

attended

during the

Financial

Year

2022-23

Name of other Listed Entity in

which the person is a director

and category

Attendance

at the last

AGM held

on July

2022

Relationship

between

Directors

inter-se

*Number

of other

Director-

ships as

on 31.03.

2023

&Number of Committee

Memberships and

letter of

appointment setting out in detail, the terms of appointment, duties,

responsibilities and expected time commitments, Remuneration,

Training etc. Each newly appointed Independent Director is taken

through a familiarisation programme including the presentation from

the: Managing Director & CEO on the Company’s Business, finance

performance and other important aspects. The Company Secretary

briefs the Director about their legal and regulatory responsibilities

as a Director. The details of the familiarisation programme of the

Independent Directors is available on the website of the Company at

https://originserver-static1-uat.pvrcinemas.com/pvrcms/corporate/

familiarisation.pdf

Evaluation of Board’s Performance:

The Board has in place a mechanism for evaluating its performance

as well as that of its Committees and individual Directors, including

the

Managing Director and CEO

of Multiples Alternate Asset Management, a private equity

manager and advisor to funds of ~ USD 1.5 bn. Ms. Ramnath

has over 30 years of experience in the Indian financial sector

across private equity, investment banking and structured finance.

For close to three decades in financial services, Ms. Renuka

successfully built several businesses in the ICICI Group including

Investment Banking, e-commerce and private equity. As the

MD & CEO of ICICI Venture for close to a decade and led that

firm to become one of the largest private equity funds in India.

Ms. Ramnath is a Board member of EMPEA, the global industry

association for private capital in emerging markets. She is also

the vice-chairperson of the Executive Committee of Indian Venture

Capital Association. Ms. Renuka has been featured in many

prestigious listings, including the Top 25 Most Powerful Women

in Business (Business Today, India); India’s most Powerful CEO’s

(Economic Times), the Top 25 Non Bank Women in Finance (US

Banker’s global list), Asia’s Women in the Mix: The Year’s Top 50

for Achievement in Business (Forbes), Top 25 women in Asian

asset management (Asian Investor) and most recently has been

awarded the AVCJ Special Achievement Award, 2019.

6.

Ms. Pallavi Shardul Shroff is the Independent Director of the

Company. She is the Managing Partner of Shardul Amarchand

Mangaldas & Co. with over 37 years of extensive experience.

Her broad and varied representation of public and private

corporations and other entities, before various national courts,

tribunals and legal institutions has earned her national and

international acclaim. She is a member of the Competition Law

Review Committee, constituted by the Government of India.

Ms. Shroff has been closely involved with some of the most

challenging litigation and arbitration matters in India.

7.

Mr. Sanjai Vohra has over three decades of rich and relevant

experience in the Banking Industry, Private Finance and Risk

Management. Mr. Vohra is an Independent Director of the

Company. He holds a bachelor’s degree in science from

the University of Delhi and holds a post graduate diploma

in management from the Indian Institute of Management,

Ahmedabad. Mr. Vohra has served various banks such as

Credit Suisse First Boston, Hongkong, JP Morgan, Hongkong &

Singapore, Standard Chartered Bank, Hongkong at senior level

position for more than 30 years. Mr. Vohra has also served for

more than 10 years for JP Morgan Chase & Co., Hongkong and

was also associated with UBS AG, Singapore & Hongkong.

8.

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan is a Partner and heads the Corporate/

M&A and Private Equity practice at the Khaitan & Co. He is an

elected member of the National Executive Committee of the

Firm, which is responsible for the Firm’s strategic growth and

development. Mr. Khaitan advises companies, boards of directors

and financial institutions on a wide range of corporate matters,

including mergers and acquisitions, private equity investments,

corporate governance, corporate restructuring and other

corporate and securities laws matters.

Mr. Khaitan has been involved in some of the most high-profile

and complex M&A and private equity transactions in India and

is sought after for his expertise by some of the most prominent

Indian promoters, Indian and international companies, Indian

regulatory agencies as well as some of the largest global funds

investing in India.

9.

Mr. Amit Jatia is the Vice Chairman at Westlife Foodworld Ltd,

formerly known as Westlife Development, the master franchisee

of McDonald’s® restaurants in West & South India. In his role as

the leader of the world’s largest and most loved QSR brand in

West & South India, Mr. Jatia is responsible for providing strategic

direction to the business and leading the team towards achieving

rapid growth and profitability.

In 2003, Mr. Jatia was bestowed with the ‘Young Achievers

Award’, by the Indo-American Society. Business World, a leading

business magazine named McDonald’s the ‘Most Respected

Company in the Food Sector for three consecutive years.

10. Mr. Vishesh Chander Chandiok, as Chief Executive Officer of

Grant Thornton Bharat, Mr. Vishesh leads the execution of the

Firm’s strategy and vision and is responsible for its operations and

growth. Mr. Chandiok drives the Firm’s relationship with some of

the most dynamic private, public, and multinational clients and

assists them in unlocking their growth potential. Mr. Chandiok has

been involved with UK and US IPOs of several Indian businesses

and cross-border acquisitions by Indian companies and has

helped global multinationals succeed in India.

For over 20 years, Mr. Chandiok has been one of the most

vocal promoters of the need for Indian family businesses to

adopt formal governance structures and succession planning

frameworks, thereby preserving business legacy. Mr. Vishesh

has been the primary advisor to the World Bank’s Report,

Observance of Standards and Codes (ROSC), on accounting

and auditing. In collaboration with large corporates, the audit

profession and regulators, the report set out the action plan

on accounting and auditing for India. Mr. Chandiok works

closely with the global Grant Thornton network and its member

firms. Mr. Chandiok has been associated with several global

committees, including the Senior Leadership Programme at SAID

Business School, the University of Oxford, and in incubating

Global Research and Global Delivery from India for benefit of the

network.

Mr. Chandiok is a Chartered Accountant from the Institute of

Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, UK, and holds

a Master of Science in Business and Management from the

University of Strathclyde, Glasgow, UK.

Opinion of Board and declarations from Independent

Directors:

In the opinion of the Board, the independent directors fulfill the

conditions specified in the Listing Regulations and are independent

of the management. The declaration(s) under Section 149 of the

Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 25 of Listing Regulations has

been received from all the Independent Directors.

Committee’s recommendation:

The Board of your Company has accepted the recommendations made

by various committees of the Board, during the Financial Year 2022-23.

Governance by the Committees of the Board:

Your Board has constituted following statutory committees and each

committee has their terms of reference as a Charter. The chairperson

of each committee along with the other members of the committee

and if required with other members of the Board, decide the agenda,

frequency and the duration of each meeting of the committee:

Sr.

No.

Name of Committee

1

Audit Committee

2

Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC)

3

Stakeholder’s Relationship Committee (SRC)

4

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (CSR)

5

Risk Management Committee (RMC)

Besides the statutory committees, the Board has constituted certain other

committees viz. Finance & Operations Committee, etc. and has clearly

stipulated the terms of reference. The Board is frequently apprised of the

decisions taken by the Members of the abovementioned Committees.

Corporate Governance Report

102

103

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

>>> Corporate Governance Report

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director

Member

-

-

-

-

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar

Executive Director

-

-

Member

Member

Member

Mr. Siddharth Jain

Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director

Member

-

Member

Member

Member

Ms. Renuka Ramnath

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

-

Member

-

-

-

Mr. Sanjai Vohra

Independent Non-Executive Director

Member

Member

Member

Member

Member

Ms. Pallavi Shardul Shroff

Independent Non-Executive Director

Member

-

-

-

-

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Member

Member

-

-

-

Mr. Amit Jatia*

Non-Executive, Independent Director

-

Member

Member

Member

-

Mr. Vishesh Chander Chandiok

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Member

-

-

-

*Member

Mr. Nitin Sood

Chief Financial Officer (CFO)

-

-

-

-

Member

Mr. Kailash B. Gupta

Deputy Chief Financial Officer (Dy. CFO)

-

-

-

-

Member

*Mr. Amit Jatia has been appointed as Member of Risk Management Committee w.e.f. May 15, 2023 and Mr. Vishesh Chander Chandiok ceases

to be member of Risk Management Committee w.e.f. May 15, 2023.

Attendance at Committee meetings during the Financial Year 2022-23:

Name of the Director

Category of Directors

Audit

Committee

Nomination

and

Remuneration

Committee

Stakeholder’s

Relationship

Committee

Corporate

Social

Responsibility

Committee

Risk

Management

Committee

Mr. Ajay Bijli

Executive

1 of 1

NA

1 of 1

0 of 1

1 of 2

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar

Executive

NA

NA

1 of 1

1 of 1

2 of 2

Mr. Siddharth Jain

Non-Executive Non-Independent

1 of 1

NA

NA

NA

NA

Ms. Renuka Ramnath

Non-Executive Non-Independent

NA

2 of 2

NA

NA

NA

Mr. Sanjai Vohra

Independent Non-Executive

4 of 5

2 of 2

NA

1 of 1

1 of 2

Ms. Pallavi Shardul Shroff

Independent Non-Executive

1 of 1

NA

NA

NA

NA

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan

Non-Executive Non-Independent

1 of 1

1 of 1

NA

NA

NA

Mr. Amit Jatia

Non-Executive Non-Independent

N.A

1 of 1

NA

N.A

NA

Mr. Vishesh Chander Chandiok

Non-Executive Non-Independent

0 of 1

NA

NA

NA

NA

Mr. Gautam Dutta

Co-Chief Executive Officer

NA

NA

NA

NA

2 of 2

Mr. Nitin Sood

Chief Financial Officer

NA

NA

NA

NA

1 of 2

Mr. Vikram Bakshi

Independent Non-Executive

4 of 4

NA

1 of 1

NA

NA

Ms. Deepa Misra Harris

Independent Non-Executive

4 of 4

1 of 1

NA

1 of 1

NA

Mr. Anish Kumar Saraf

Non-Executive, Non-Independent

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

Mr. Gregory Adam Foster

Independent Non-Executive

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

Audit Committee:

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are as per the guidelines

set out in the Listing Regulations read with Section 177 of the

Companies Act, 2013. These broadly includes;

(i)

Development of an annual plan;

(ii)

Review of financial reporting processes;

(iii) Review of risk management, internal control and governance

processes;

(iv) Review of quarterly, half yearly and annual financial statements

along with auditors report thereon;

(v)

Interaction with statutory and internal auditors;

(vi) Recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of

appointment of auditors;

(vii) Review of related party transactions;

(viii) Review of Whistle Blower mechanism;

(ix) Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments including

utilisation of loans and/or advances from/investment by the

holding company in the subsidiary, etc.

As on March 31, 2023 the Audit Committee was comprised of six

Members out of which four are Independent, Non-Executive Directors.

The Chief Financial Officer, the Statutory Auditors and the Internal

Auditors are the invitees in the Committee meetings. The Committee met

5 times in the year under review on (i) May 9, 2022; (ii) July 21, 2022;

(iii) October 17, 2022; (iv) January 19, 2023 and (v) March 16, 2023.

The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Audit Committee.

The composition of the Audit Committee is in accordance with

Regulation 18 of Listing Regulations read with Section 177 of the

Companies Act, 2013.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

As on March 31, 2023, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(NRC) comprised of four members of which two-third are Independent

Directors. The terms of reference of NRC includes the following:

i.

Formulation of criteria for determining qualifications, positive

attributes and independence of Directors and recommend to the

board of directors a policy relating to, the remuneration of the

directors, key managerial personnel and other employees;

ii.

In case of appointment of an independent director,

NRC evaluates the balance of skills, knowledge and experience

on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare

a description of the role and capabilities required of an

independent director. For the purpose of identifying suitable

candidates, the Committee may:

a.

uses the services of an external agencies, if required;

b.

consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds,

having due regard to diversity; and

c.

consider the time commitments of the candidates.

iii.

Formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of

independent directors and the board of directors;

iv.

Devising a policy on diversity of board of directors;

v.

Identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and

who may be appointed in senior management in accordance

with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the board of

directors their appointment and removal.

vi.

Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the

independent director, on the basis of the report of performance

evaluation of independent directors.

vii.

Recommendation to the board, all remuneration, in whatever

form, payable to senior management.

viii. Administration of Employee Stock Option Scheme (ESOS);

The Committee met two times in the year under review on May 9, 2022

and March 16, 2023. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of

the NRC.

Remuneration Policy:

The Remuneration policy of the Company is aimed at rewarding

performance, based on review of the achievements on a regular

basis. The remuneration paid to the Executive Directors and/or

Non-Executive Directors, if any, is recommended by the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board of Directors

in the Board Meeting, subject to fulfillment of necessary criteria as laid

therein and the subsequent approval by the shareholders, as and when

required. Detailed Remuneration Policy is provided on the Company’s

website https://originserver-static1-uat.pvrcinemas.com/pvrcms/

corporate/seniormanagement.pdf.

Remuneration paid to Directors during the Financial

Year 2022-23:

Executive Directors:

The details of remuneration and perquisites paid/payable to Mr. Ajay

Bijli,: Managing

Managing Director

of the Company for the Financial Year 2020-21.

2. Approval of managerial remuneration paid to Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing Director

of the Company for the Financial Year 2020-21.

3. Approval for the offer or invitation to subscribe to Non-Convertible Debentures on private

placement basis.

2021-22

Thursday,

July 21, 2022

11.00

A.M.

Held through

Video

Conferencing/

Other Audio

Visual Means

(“VC/OAVM”)

Facility

1. Managerial remuneration paid to Mr. Ajay Bijli,

Managing Director and Nitin Sood, Chief Financial Officer of PVR INOX Limited, to the best of our knowledge and belief, certify

that:

A.

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement of the Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2023 and that

to the best of our knowledge and belief:

i.

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might

be misleading;

ii.

These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting

standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

There are no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which are fraudulent, illegal or violate of the Company’s code

of conduct.

C.

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and procedures for the Company and that we

have evaluated the effectiveness of Company’s internal control systems and procedures pertaining to financial reporting.

D.

We have indicated based on our most recent evaluation wherever applicable, to the Company’s Auditors and through them to the Audit

Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors:

1.

Deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to

rectify these deficiencies.

2.

Significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year.

3.

Significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the financial

statements and

4.

Any fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the Management or an employee having a

significant role in the Company internal control system over financial reporting.

Sd/-

Sd/-

Place: New Delhi

Ajay Bijli

Nitin Sood

Date: May 15, 2023: Managing

Dear Stakeholders,

The year 2022-23 has been a momentous one for us with the merger of INOX and PVR, making PVR INOX Limited the largest film

exhibitor in India with 1,671 screens in 358 cinemas across 114 cities as of March 31, 2023. As a responsible business that touches

thousands of lives on a daily basis, we understand and respect the needs of various stakeholder groups that include our guests,

colleagues, business partners, investors, vendors and suppliers and the community at large. The way we conduct our business, deliver our

services and products, care for our employees, engage with different stakeholder groups (particularly vulnerable ones), and conserve the

environment while growing our business; is the true essence of a resilient and sustainable business.

During the year, while we continued to support and strengthen existing and ongoing initiatives, we have also been exploring other

opportunities of value creation. Some of these include the adoption of waste2wear fabric for employee uniforms in mainstream cinemas.

By replacing uniforms of 1,000 employees with this fabric, we have recycled 40,000 pet bottles. In the coming year, we should be able

to double this number. In addition, we are also close to replacing the current uniform shoes worn by our cinema employees with those

made from recycled pet bottles.

In an effort to create greater awareness around climate change and its impact and in order to inspire moviegoers in India to take

individual action by adopting sustainable practices, we launched a campaign in partnership with Bhumi Pednekar (Climate Warrior

and National SDG Advocate for the UN). The video spots created with Bhumi advocating sustainable behaviour are being screened

during movies in our theatres to draw the attention of people to the issue of climate change by leveraging the power and reach of cinema.

The Accessible Cinema Programme launched in 2018 continues to expand; both in the number of cinemas as well as the level of facilities

we can offer our patrons, we have procured another 20 Power Tracked climbers, taking the total number to 54 to enable patrons on

wheelchairs to be safely transported to a suitable row where they can comfortably enjoy films. These have been received very well by

patrons across our cinemas. We have also had each of our seat manufacturers design a removable chair option so that going forward,

every auditorium in all new cinemas will have one removal chair to accommodate a patrons for whom it is more convenient to continue

sitting in their wheelchair. We also propose to create wheelchair spaces. The number of accessible cinemas across PVR INOX is close to

touching 200 by June 2023.

Our employees are our greatest asset and a huge reason behind our success. We have undertaken several initiatives and investments to

ensure the well-being of our employees and enhancing their skills. PVR INOX has put in place a Diversity, Inclusion and Equity policy and

has initiated efforts to consciously hire employees with diverse needs, beginning with people with disabilities.

The safety of our patrons and employees is of paramount importance to us. In our pursuit to continuous improvement, we have put in place

a process to record ‘near-misses’; and integrate them through a listening and learning mechanism to foster a culture where each individual

can pre-empt incidences through preventive action.

Going forward you will see greater integration of ESG focus in our business operations. I look forward to growing a strong and resilient

business that contributes to the well-being of all our stakeholders

AJAY BIJLI: Managing

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00531142

DIN: 00208173

Vikas Mehra

Mukesh Kumar

Nitin Sood

Partner

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

ICAI Membership Number: 94421

ICSI – M. No. A-17925

Place: New Delhi

Place: New Delhi

Date: May 15, 2023

Date: May 15, 2023

Particulars

Note

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Income

Revenue from operations

23

3,55,917

1,21,331

Other income

24

7,686

31,074

Total income

3,63,603

1,52,405

Expenses

Movie exhibition cost

87,287

31,578

Consumption of food and beverages

25

29,176

9,857

Employee benefits expense

26

41,925

25,182

Finance costs

27

56,862

49,361

Depreciation and amortisation expense

28

74,071

59,442

Other operating expenses

29

93,902

44,132

Total expenses

3,83,223

2,19,552

Loss before exceptional items and tax

(19,620)

(67,147)

Exceptional items

30

1,082

-

Loss before tax

(20,702)

(67,147)

Tax expense:

Current tax (refer note 49)

-

-

Deferred tax (including MAT credit entitlement) (refer note 7)

12,596

(19,312)

Total tax expense

12,596

(19,312)

Loss for the year (A)

(33,298)

(47,835)

Other comprehensive income

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent year

31

58

(40)

Other comprehensive income for the year (net of tax) (B)

58

(40)

Total comprehensive income for the year (A+B) (comprising profit/(loss) and other

comprehensive income for the year)

(33,240)

(47,875)

Earnings per equity share on Net Profit/(loss) after tax

32

[Nominal Value of share I10 each (March 31, 2022: I10 each)]

Basic

(51.26)

(78.60)

Diluted

(51.26)

(78.60)

Summary of significant accounting policies

2.2

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the standalone financial statements

As per our report of even date attached

For S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of PVR INOX Limited

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration Number: 301003E/E300005

Ajay Bijli

Sanjeev Kumar: Managing

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00531142

DIN: 00208173

Vikas Mehra

Mukesh Kumar

Nitin Sood

Partner

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

ICAI Membership Number: 94421

ICSI – M. No. A-17925

Place: New Delhi

Place: New Delhi

Date: May 15, 2023

Date: May 15, 2023

Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended March 31, 2023

Standalone Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended March 31, 2023

Particulars

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Cash flows from operating activities:

Loss before tax

(20,702)

(67,147)

Adjustments to reconcile profit/(loss) before tax to net cash flows:

Depreciation on tangible assets

27,338

22,774

Amortisation on intangible assets

1,787

1,654

Amortisation on right-of-use assets

44,946

35,014

Allowance for doubtful debts and advances

298

589

Bad debts/advances written off

30

-

Net (gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment

(99)

(2)

Interest income

(3,070)

(2,585)

Finance costs

55,711

48,990

Share-based payment expense

1,416

550

Inventories written off

-

111

Unrealised foreign exchange (net)

(153)

-

Convenience fees (Time value of money adjustment)

(2,671)

(2,266)

Liabilities written back (including COVID-19 related rent concessions)

(1,126)

(25,883)

Exceptional items

1,082

-

Miscellaneous income

(193)

(462)

1,04,594

11,337

Working capital adjustments:

Increase/(Decrease) in provisions

27

(1,064)

Increase/(Decrease) in trade and other payables

(7,290)

7,407

Decrease/(Increase) in trade receivables

(5,691)

(4,753)

Decrease/(Increase) in inventories

(785)

(928)

Decrease/(Increase) in loans and advances and other assets

(553)

(397)

Cash generated from operations

90,302

11,602

Direct taxes paid (net of refunds)

-

836

Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities (A)

90,302

12,438

Cash flows from investing activities

Purchase of PPE, intangible assets, Capital work-in-progress, Security Deposit and capital advances

(62,930)

(12,407)

Proceeds from sale of PPE

201

43

Investment in subsidiaries

(5,150)

(600)

Loans given to subsidiaries

(3,050)

(1,727)

Loans repaid by subsidiaries

2,050

6,450

Interest received on deposits

1,068

1,904

Fixed deposits with banks

4,904

10,035

Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities (B)

(62,907)

3,698

Cash flows from financing activities

Proceeds from issue of equity shares

3,051

1,831

Proceeds from long-term borrowings

38,500

55,500

Repayment of long-term borrowings

(42,163)

(34,162)

Proceeds from short-term borrowings

73,859

1,06,531

Repayment of short-term borrowings

(57,559)

(1,12,331)

Repayment of lease liabilities (includes interest on lease liabilities)

(70,439)

(26,544)

Interest paid on borrowings

(14,492)

(12,441)

Net cash flow from/(used in) financing activities (C)

(69,243)

(21,616)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (A + B + C)

(41,848)

(5,480)

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

48,967

54,447

Add: Cash acquired on Business Combination (refer note 44)

23,738

-

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year

30,857

48,967

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

156

157

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

>>> Standalone

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00531142

DIN: 00208173

Vikas Mehra

Mukesh Kumar

Nitin Sood

Partner

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

ICAI Membership Number: 94421

ICSI – M. No. A-17925

Place: New Delhi

Place: New Delhi

Date: May 15, 2023

Date: May 15, 2023

Standalone Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended March 31, 2023

1

Company overview

PVR INOX Limited (erstwhile known as PVR Limited) (“the

Company”) is a public limited company domiciled in India and

incorporated under the provisions of the Indian Companies Act

with its registered office located at “7th Floor, Lotus Grandeur

Building, Veera Desai Road, Opposite Gundecha Symphony,

Andheri (west) - Mumbai - 400053, India”. The Company's

equity shares are listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE)

and National Stock Exchange (NSE) in India.

The Company is in the business of movie exhibition & production

and operates largest cinema network across India. The

Company earns revenue from sale of movie tickets, in-cinema

advertisements/product displays and sale of food and beverages

and restaurant business.

INOX Leisure Limited (INOX) amalgamated with PVR Limited as

per the scheme sanctioned by the Hon’ble National Company

Law Tribunal (NCLT) vide its order dated January 12, 2023

(Mumbai Bench) with the appointed date of January 01, 2023.

Post amalgamation, the Company has been renamed as PVR

INOX Limited.

2

Significant accounting policies

2.1 Basis of preparation

(a) Statement of compliance

These Standalone Financial Statements comply with the Indian

Accounting Standards ("Ind AS") as prescribed under Section 133

of the Companies Act, 2013 (the "Act"), read together with Rule 3

of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015,

(as amended from time to time) and presentation requirements of

Division II of Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013.

Accounting policies have been consistently applied except where

a newly-issued accounting standard is initially adopted or a

revision to an existing accounting standard requires a change in

the accounting policy hitherto in use.

As at the year-end, the Company has net current liabilities and

has incurred losses during the year. However, based on future

projections, the Company expects a significant increase in sales

and cash flows in the next year for its continued operations in the

foreseeable future and accordingly, the financial statements have

been prepared on a going concern basis.

These Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended

March 31, 2023 are approved by the Audit Committee and

Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 15, 2023.

(b) Functional and presentation currency

These Standalone Financial Statements are presented in Indian

Rupees (INR), which is also the Company’s functional currency.

All amounts have been rounded-off to the nearest lakhs, unless

otherwise indicated.

(c)

Basis of Measurement

These Standalone Financial Statements have been prepared on

an accrual basis and under the historical cost convention, except

for Certain financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value

(refer accounting policy regarding financial instruments, refer note

2.2(v))

(d) Critical accounting estimates and judgements

The preparation of the Standalone Financial Statements in

conformity with Ind AS requires the management to make

judgements, estimates and assumptions. These judgements,

estimates and assumptions affect the application of accounting

policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,

the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date

of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenue

and expenses during the period. Accounting estimates could

change from period to period. Actual results could differ from

those estimates. Appropriate changes in estimates are made as

the Management becomes aware of changes in circumstances

surrounding the estimates. Changes in estimates are reflected in

the financial statements in the period in which changes are made

and, if material, their effects are disclosed in the notes to the

standalone financial statements.

Information about significant areas of estimation and judgements

in applying accounting policies that have the most significant

effect on the Standalone Financial Statements are as follows:

• Note 2.2 (o) (iii) and 31 – measurement of defined benefit

obligations: key actuarial assumptions;

• Note 2.2 (b), (c), (d), 3 and 4B – measurement of useful life

and residual values of property, plant and equipment and

intangible assets;

• Note 34 – Management judgement is required for estimating

the possible outflow of resources, if any, in respect of

contingencies/ claim/ litigations against the Company

as it is not possible to predict the outcome of pending

matters with accuracy;

• Note 2.2 (t) – judgement required to determine

ESOP assumptions;

• Note 2.2 (p) – judgement required to determine probability

of recognition of current tax, deferred tax assets and MAT

credit entitlement;

• Note 2.2 (v) – fair value measurement of financial

instruments, and

• Note 2.2 (i)(iii) and 4A – Determination of lease term for

computation of lease liabilities and right of use assets and

discount rate used for discounting the lease payments to

compute the present value of lease liabilities.

There are no assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have

a significant risk resulting in a material adjustment within the next

financial year.

2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies

(A) Current and non-current classification

The Company presents assets and liabilities in the balance sheet

based on current/non-current classification. An asset is treated as

current when it satisfies any of the following criteria:

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

159

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

>>> Standalone

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2023

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

158:

Managing Director

of the Company has been identified as being the chief operating decision maker to assess the financial performance and position of the Company and make

strategic decisions. The Company is engaged primarily in the business of theatrical exhibition and allied activities under the brand “PVR INOX”. Accordingly, in the

context of Indian Accounting Standard 108 – Operating Segments, it is considered to constitute single reportable segment.

44 Business Combination

(i) Amalgamation of Inox Leisure Limited with PVR INOX Limited:

During the previous year, the Board of Directors of PVR INOX Limited (formerly known as PVR LIMITED) (“Company” or “Transferee Company”), in

their meeting held on March 27, 2022, considered and approved a scheme of amalgamation of INOX Leisure Limited (“Transferor Company”) into and

with the Company and their respective shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the

Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and other rules and regulations framed thereunder (“Scheme“).

During the current year, the Company has received requisite approvals and the scheme has been sanctioned by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal

(NCLT) vide its order dated January 12, 2023 ((Mumbai Bench) with the appointed date of January 01, 2023. The Certified true copy of the said order

sanctioning the scheme has been filed with the Registrar of Companies, New Delhi. In accordance with the order of NCLT, the Company has given effect to

the scheme in the standalone financial statements w.e.f. appointed date i.e. January 01, 2023. Management has determined that the effect of the difference in

appointed date between the requirements of the Scheme and of Ind AS 103 – Business Combinations, is not material to these financial statements. The merger

has been accounted for using the acquisition accounting method under Ind AS 103 – Business Combinations and the difference between the fair value of net

identifiable assets acquired and consideration paid on the merger has been accounted for as Goodwill of I4,63,379 Lakhs. In accordance with the Scheme,

the purchase consideration of I6,29,666 Lakhs has been discharged by issue and allotment of 36,701,729 equity shares of the Company to the shareholders

of INOX Leisure Limited.

The stamp duty payable on such issue amounting to INR 5,000 Lakhs has been debited to Securities Premium Account.

The amalgamation of PVR INOX Limited and INOX Leisure Limited is of significant strategic value for the Company and will further cement the Company's

market leadership position in India. The Company expects to realise synergies and cost savings related to this acquisition as a result of purchasing and

procurement economies of scale and general and administrative expense savings, particularly with respect to the consolidation of corporate related functions

and elimination of redundancies.

A

Fair value of consideration transferred:-

Particulars

Amount in lakhs

Value of Equity shares to be issued

6,29,666

Total consideration for business combination

6,29,666

B

Fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed (as adjusted for measurement period

adjustment) as on the date of acquisition is as below:

Particulars

Transferor

Company

Impact of Fair

Valuation

Adjustments

Total

Property, plant and equipment

92,644

12,915

-

1,05,559

Land

2,670

10,401

-

13,070

ROU

2,21,310

27,671

-

2,48,981

Capital work-in-progress

9,413

-

-

9,413

Intangible assets

309

(11)

-

298

Goodwill

1,750

-

(1,750)

-

Deferred tax assets (net)

30,683

(29,911)

-

771

Investments

14,569

-

-

14,569

Other non-current assets

8,555

-

-

8,555

Inventories

2,040

-

-

2,040

Trade receivables

5,428

-

-

5,428

Other financial assets

21,489

(1,903)

-

19,585

Other current assets

8,121

-

-

8,121

Income tax assets (net)

1,653

-

-

1,653

Total assets

4,20,632

19,161

(1,750)

4,38,043

Borrowings

16,399

-

-

16,399

Trade payables

15,120

-

-

15,120

Lease Liabilities

3,01,029

(64,031)

-

2,36,998

Other financial liabilities

7,908

-

-

7,908

Other current liabilities & provisions (includes provision created

against contingent liabilities)

13,045

1,703

(5,883)

8,864

Total Liabilities

3,53,500

(62,328)

(5,883)

2,85,289

Total Fair Value of the Net Assets **

1,52,754

Note: The adjustment between the measurement period and final valuation was not significant.

** Adjustments have been made to the book balance to give effects of alignment of accounting policies and practices, transaction between Transferor Companies and the Company.

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

198

199

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

>>> Standalone

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2023

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2023:

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Executive Director

Mr. Pawan Kumar Jain, Chairman and Non-Executive Director (w.e.f. February 06, 2023)

Mr. Siddharth Jain, Non-Executive Director (w.e.f. February 06, 2023 )

Ms. Renuka Ramnath, Director

Mr. Sanjai Vohra – Independent Director

Ms. Pallavi Shardul Shroff – Independent Director

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan – Independent Director (w.e.f. February 10, 2023 )

Mr. Vishesh Chander Chandiok – Independent Director (w.e.f. February 10, 2023 )

Mr. Amit Jatia – Independent Director (w.e.f. February 10, 2023 )

Mr. Vikram Bakshi – Independent Director (till February 10, 2023 )

Mr. Anish Kumar Saraf – Director (till February 06, 2023 )

Mr. Gregory Adam Foster – Independent Director (till February 10, 2023 )

Ms. Deepa Misra Harris – Independent Director (till February 10, 2023 )

Relatives of Key Management Personnel

Mr. Aamer Krishan Bijli, Son of Mr. Ajay Bijli

Ms. Nayana Bijli, Daughter of Mr. Ajay Bijli

Joint Ventures

Vkaao Entertainment Private Limited (50% each held by PVR Pictures Limited and Big

tree Entertainment Private Limited)

Enterprises over which Key management personnel and their

relatives are able to exercise significant influence

PVR Nest

Priya Exhibitors Private Limited

Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas & Co.

INOX India Private Limited (w.e.f February 06, 2023)

GFL Limited (w.e.f February 06, 2023)

Multiples Alternate Asset Management Pvt. Ltd.

Khaitan & Co. LLP (w.e.f February 10, 2023)

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

200

201

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

>>> Standalone

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2023

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2023:

Managing Director and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Executive Director respectively for the

year ended March 31, 2022 which was already approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors in

their respective meetings. The same is in accordance with the minimum remuneration as was originally approved by the shareholders vide their

resolutions dated July 03, 2018 and September 29, 2020. In view of the inadequacy of profits, the Company had also obtained approval of

the shareholders by way of special resolution in Annual General Meeting of the Company held on July 21st 2022, pursuant to the provisions

of Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013.

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

206

207

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

>>> Standalone

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2023

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2023:

Managing Director and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Executive Director respectively for the

year ended March 31, 2023 which was already approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors in

their respective meetings. The same is in accordance with the minimum remuneration as was originally approved by the shareholders vide their

resolutions dated July 03, 2018 and September 29, 2020. The Company shall seek approval of the shareholders by way of special resolution

in its forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Companies

Act, 2013 and in view of the inadequacy of profits.

52 Ratios as required by Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013:

Ratio

Numerator

Denominator

March 31,

2023

March 31,

2022

% Change

Reasons for variance

Current Ratio

Total current assets

Total current liabilities

0.35

0.57

-38%

All the ratios are not

directly comparable

with the previous year

on account of merger

of INOX Leisure Limited

w.e.f January 01, 2023

(refer note 44).

Debt - Equity Ratio

Total Borrowings

Total Equity

0.24

1.08

-77%

Debt Service Coverage

Ratio

Loss before tax +

Depreciation and

amortisation expense

+ Finance costs - Other

income

Interest on debentures,

term loans and bank and

others+Principal repayment

of Long Term Borrowings

excluding prepayments

1.86

0.23

710%

Return on Equity

Loss for the year

Average Total Equity

-8%

-30%

-74%

Inventory turnover ratio

Consumption of food

and beverages

Average Inventory (Food and

beverages)

9.61

5.87

64%

Trade receivables

turnover (times)

Revenue from

operations

Average Trade Receivables

31.08

26.71

16%

Trade payables

turnover (times)

Movie exhibition cost

+ Consumption of food

and beverages + Other

operating expenses

Average Trade Payables

5.41

3.56

52%

Net capital turnover

(times)

Total income

Total current assets -Total

current liabilities

-2.81

-2.51

12%

Net Profit Ratio

Loss for the year

Total income

-9.16%

-31.39%

-71%

Return on Capital

Employed

EBIT = Loss before tax

+ Finance costs

Capital Employed = Total

Equity +Total Borrowings-

Other intangible assets -

Goodwill

11%

-10%

-206%

Return on investments

Income generated from

investments

Average investments

5%

5%

15%

53 Other statutory information :

(i)

The Company do not have any transactions with companies struck off.

(ii)

The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.

(iii) The Company have not any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or disclosed as

income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of

the Income Tax Act, 1961).

(iv) The Company do not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the Company for holding any

Benami property.

(v)

The Company do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period.

(vi) The Company have not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries)

with the understanding that the Intermediary shall :

(a)

directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the company

(Ultimate Beneficiaries) or

(b)

provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries

(vii) The Company have not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the understanding

(whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:

(a)

directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party

(Ultimate Beneficiaries) or

(b)

provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

(viii) The title deeds/legal ownership of immovable properties including the leased properties as disclosed in the standalone financial statements

are held in the name of the Company.

(ix) The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any government authority.

54 Previous year figures have been audited by a firm of Chartered Accountants other than S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP and have been regrouped and

re-arranged wherever necessary.

As per our report of even date attached

For S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of PVR INOX Limited

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration Number: 301003E/E300005

Ajay Bijli

Sanjeev Kumar: Managing

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00531142

DIN: 00208173

Vikas Mehra

Mukesh Kumar

Nitin Sood

Partner

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

ICAI Membership Number: 94421

ICSI – M. No. A-17925

Place: New Delhi

Place: New Delhi

Date: May 15, 2023

Date: May 15, 2023

Particulars

Note

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Income

Revenue from operations

25

375,065

132,940

Other income

26

7,908

32,613

Total income

382,973

165,553

Expenses

Movie exhibition cost

81,842

28,980

Consumption of food and beverages

31,018

11,149

Employee benefits expense

27

43,890

26,505

Finance costs

28

57,162

49,784

Depreciation and amortization expense

29

75,332

61,440

Other operating expenses

30

113,546

55,766

Total expenses

402,790

233,624

Loss before share of (loss) of equity accounted investees and tax

(19,817)

(68,071)

Share of (loss) of equity accounted investees (net of tax)

5A

-

-

Loss before exceptional items and tax

(19,817)

(68,071)

Exceptional items

31

1,082

-

Loss before tax

(20,899)

(68,071)

Tax expense:

Current tax

201

134

MAT credit entitlement

-

MAT credit entitlement for earlier years

-

Adjustment of tax relating to earlier periods

(1)

-

Deferred tax (including MAT credit entitlement) (refer note 7A)

12,541

(19,354)

Total tax expenses

12,741

(19,220)

Loss after tax

(33,640)

(48,851)

Non-controlling interests

133

27

Net profit/ (loss) after tax and after adjustment of non controlling interests (A)

(33,507)

(48,824)

Other Comprehensive Income

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent period

32

62

(48)

Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent period

77

(172)

Other comprehensive income for the period (net of tax) (B)

139

(220)

Total comprehensive income for the period (comprising profit and other

comprehensive income ) (A+B)

(33,368)

(49,044)

Net Profit/ (loss) attributable to:

Owners of the Company

(33,507)

(48,824)

Non-controlling interests

(133)

(27)

Other Comprehensive Income attributable to:

Owners of the Company

139

(220)

Non-controlling interests [#]

-

-

Total Comprehensive Income attributable to:

Owners of the Company

(33,368)

(49,044)

Non-controlling interests

(133)

(27)

Earnings per equity share on Net profit/ (loss) after tax

33

[Nominal Value of share K 10 (March 31, 2022: K10)]

Basic

(51.59)

(80.23)

Diluted

(51.59)

(80.23)

[#] Amount below H 1 lakh

Summary of significant accounting policies

2.3

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

As per our report of even date attached

For S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of PVR INOX Limited

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration Number: 301003E/E300005

Ajay Bijli

Sanjeev Kumar: Managing

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00531142

DIN: 00208173

Vikas Mehra

Mukesh Kumar

Nitin Sood

Partner

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

ICAI Membership Number: 94421

ICSI – M. No. A-17925

Place: New Delhi

Place: New Delhi

Date: May 15, 2023

Date: May 15, 2023

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended March 31, 2023

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended March 31, 2023

Particulars

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Cash flows from operating activities:

Loss before tax

(20,899)

(68,071)

Adjustments to reconcile profit/ (loss) before tax to net cash flows:

Depreciation of tangible assets

27,628

23,196

Amortisation of intangible assets

2,473

2,856

Amortisation of right of use assets

45,231

35,388

Net (gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment

(99)

(3)

Interest income

(2,848)

(3,707)

Allowance for doubtful debts and advances

290

616

Bad debts/advances written off

30

64

Finance costs

56,000

49,383

Share based payment expense

1,416

550

Liabilities written back (including COVID-19 related rent concessions)

(1,402)

(26,300)

Miscellaneous income

(193)

(462)

Unrealised foreign exchange net

(5)

-

Inventories written off

-

111

Net gain on financial assets measured at FVTPL

(2)

Foreign currency translation reserve

37

Exceptional items

1,082

Convenience fees (Time value of money adjustment)

(2,671)

(2,266)

106,068

11,355

Working capital adjustments:

Increase/(Decrease) in provisions

553

(1,058)

Increase/(Decrease) in trade & other payables

(2,487)

7,678

Decrease/(Increase) in trade receivables

(9,680)

(4,804)

Decrease/(Increase) in inventories

(1,177)

(1,036)

Decrease/(Increase) in loans and advances and other assets

(6,896)

3,558

Cash generated/ (used in) from operations

86,381

15,693

Direct taxes paid (net of refunds)

9

986

Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities (A)

86,390

16,679

Cash flows from investing activities

Purchase of PPE, Intangible assets, Capital work-in-progress and capital advances

(63,595)

(12,490)

Security deposits given to Mall Developers

-

(531)

Proceeds from sale of PPE

201

43

Interest received on deposits

880

2,696

Fixed deposits with banks

4,928

10,001

Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities (B)

(57,586)

(281)

Cash flows from financing activities

Proceeds from issue equity shares

3,051

1,831

Proceeds from long-term borrowings

38,500

55,500

Repayment of long-term borrowings

(42,195)

(34,170)

Proceeds from short-term borrowings

73,859

106,531

Repayment of short-term borrowings

(57,560)

(112,331)

Repayment of lease liabilities (includes interest on lease liabilities)

(70,589)

(26,582)

Interest paid on borrowings

(14,416)

(12,460)

Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities (C)

(69,350)

(21,681)

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

220

221

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

>>> Consolidated

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00531142

DIN: 00208173

Vikas Mehra

Mukesh Kumar

Nitin Sood

Partner

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

ICAI Membership Number: 94421

ICSI – M. No. A-17925

Place: New Delhi

Place: New Delhi

Date: May 15, 2023

Date: May 15, 2023

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended March 31, 2023

1

Company overview

PVR INOX Limited (erstwhile known as PVR Limited) ("the

Company" or the "Parent Company" is a public limited Company

domiciled in India and incorporated under the provisions of the

Indian Companies Act and its equity shares are listed on the

Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National Stock Exchange

(NSE) in India. The Consolidated Financial Statements of the

Company as at and for the year ended on March 31, 2023

comprise the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred

to as "the Group") and the group interest in joint ventures.

The Group is engaged in the business of Movie exhibition,

distribution & production and also earns revenue from in-

house advertisement, sale of food & beverages, gaming and

restaurant business.

(i)

The Subsidiaries which are considered in the consolidation and the Group’s holdings therein is as under:

S. No.

Subsidiary Company

Country of Incorporation

Parent Company

Percentage of ownership as on

March 31, 2023

1

PVR Pictures Limited

India

PVR INOX Limited

100%

2

Zea Maize Private Limited

India

PVR INOX Limited

89.9%

3

P V R Lanka Limited

Sri Lanka

PVR INOX Limited

100%

4

Shouri Properties Private Limited

India

PVR INOX Limited

100%

(ii)

The joint ventures which are considered in the consolidation and the Group’s holdings therein is as under:

S.No.

Joint Venture

Country of Incorporation

Shareholder

Percentage of ownership as on

March 31, 2023

1

Vkaao Entertainment Private Limited (refer

note 5A)

India

PVR Pictures Limited

50%

The audited financial statements of the subsidiary companies and joint ventures which are included in the consolidation are drawn upto the

same reporting date as that of the Company i.e. March 31, 2023.

2.1 Basis of preparation

(a) Statement of compliance

These Consolidated Financial Statements of Group have

been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting

Standards (Ind AS) notified under the Companies (Indian

Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 notified under section

133 of Companies Act, 2013, (the ‘Act’) and other relevant

provisions of the Act.

Accounting policies have been consistently applied except

where a newly-issued accounting standard is initially

adopted or a revision to an existing accounting standard

requires a change in the accounting policy hitherto in use.

As at the year-end, the Group has net current liabilities

and has incurred losses during the year. However, based

on future projections, the Company expects a significant

increase in sales and cash flows in the next year for

its continued operations in the foreseeable future and

accordingly, the financial statements have been prepared

on a going concern basis.

These Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended

March 31, 2023 are approved by the Audit Committee and

Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 15, 2023.

(b) Functional and presentation currency

These Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in

Indian Rupees (INR), which is also the Group’s functional

currency. All amounts have been rounded-off to the nearest

lakhs, unless otherwise indicated.

(c) Basis of Measurement

These Consolidated Financial Statements have been

prepared on an accrual basis and under the historical cost

convention, except for Certain financial assets and liabilities

measured at fair value (refer accounting policy regarding

financial instruments, refer note 2.3 (x))

(d) Critical accounting estimates and judgements

The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in

conformity with Ind AS requires the management to make

judgements, estimates and assumptions. These judgements,

estimates and assumptions affect the application of

accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and

liabilities, the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities

at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts

of revenue and expenses during the period. Accounting

estimates could change from period to period. Actual results

could differ from those estimates. Appropriate changes in

estimates are made as the Management becomes aware

of changes in circumstances surrounding the estimates.

Changes in estimates are reflected in the financial

statements in the period in which changes are made and,

if material, their effects are disclosed in the notes to the

standalone financial.

• Note 2.3 (o) (iii) and 33 - measurement of defined

benefit obligations: key actuarial assumptions;

223

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Notes

to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2023

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

>>> Consolidated

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

222:

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Executive Director

Mr. Pawan Kumar Jain, Chairman and Non executive Director (w.e.f February 06,

2023 )

Mr. Siddharth Jain, Non executive Director (w.e.f February 06, 2023 )

Ms. Renuka Ramnath, Director

Mr. Sanjai Vohra – Independent Director

Ms. Pallavi Shardul Shroff - Independent Director

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan - Independent Director (w.e.f February 10, 2023 )

Mr. Vishesh Chander Chandiok - Independent Director (w.e.f February 10, 2023 )

Mr. Amit Jatia - Independent Director (w.e.f February 10, 2023 )

Mr. Vikram Bakshi – Independent Director (till February 10, 2023 )

Mr. Anish Kumar Saraf - Director (till February 06, 2023 )

Mr. Gregory Adam Foster - Independent Director (till February 10, 2023 )

Ms. Deepa Misra Harris - Independent Director (till February 10, 2023 )

Mr. Chirag Gupta, Director of a Subsidiary

Mr. Aruna Siriwardane, Director of a Subsidiary

Mr. Renaud Jean Palliere ( Till 17th March 2023)

Relatives of Key Management Personnel

Ms. Nayana Bijli, Daughter of Mr. Ajay Bijli

Mr. Aamer Krishan Bijli, Son of Mr. Ajay Bijli

Joint Ventures

Vkaao Entertainment Private Limited (50% each held by PVR Pictures Limited and Big

tree Entertainment Private Limited)

Enterprises over which Key management personnel and their

relatives are able to exercise significant influence

PVR Nest

Priya Exhibitors Private Limited

Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas & Co.

Multiples Alternate Asset Management Pvt Ltd

INOX India Private Limited (w.e.f February 06, 2023 )

GFL Limited (w.e.f February 06, 2023 )

Khaitan & Co. LLP (w.e.f February 10, 2023 )

Rivendell Consulting Limited ( Till 17th March 2023)

Particulars

Key Management Personnel

and their relatives

Joint Ventures

Enterprises owned or

significantly influenced by

key management personnel

or their relatives

31-Mar-23

31-Mar-22

31-Mar-23

31-Mar-22

31-Mar-23

31-Mar-22

Transactions during the year

Remuneration paid

Ajay Bijli

748

642

-

-

-

-

Sanjeev Kumar

517

443

-

-

-

-

Nayana Bijli

9

10

-

-

-

-

Aruna Siriwardane

2

4

-

-

-

-

Chirag Gupta

47

36

-

-

-

-

Sitting fees and commission

Deepa Misra Harris

28

33

-

-

-

-

Pallavi Shardul Shroff

20

21

-

-

-

-

Greg Foster

28

25

Sanjai Vohra

33

30

-

-

-

-

Vikram Bakshi

27

27

-

-

-

-

Amit Jatia

1

-

-

-

-

-

Haigreve Khaitan

2

-

-

-

-

-

Vishesh Chander Chandiok

1

-

-

-

-

-

Rent Expense

Priya Exhibitors Private Limited

-

-

-

-

430

402

Professional fees

Aamer Krishan Bijli

19

-

-

-

-

-

Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas & Co.

-

-

-

-

107

125

Khaitan & Co. LLP

-

-

-

-

26

-

Rivendell Consulting Limited

-

-

-

-

217

196

Income from Disinfection Services

Multiples Alternate Asset Management Pvt Ltd

-

-

-

1

-

Sale of Goods

Chirag Gupta #

-

0

-

-

-

-

Loans given

Ajay Bijli

-

800

-

-

-

-

Loans refunded

Ajay Bijli

-

800

-

-

-

-

CSR Expenditure

PVR Nest

-

-

-

-

10

7

Balance outstanding at the end of the year

Trade Payable

Vkaao Entertainment Private Limited

-

-

2

-

-

Priya Exhibitors Private Limited

-

-

-

-

6

5

Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas & Co.

-

-

-

-

-

100

Khaitan & Co. LLP

5

-

Advance Recoverable

Chirag Gupta

14

11

Priya Exhibitors Private Limited

-

-

-

-

21

62

Security Deposits Given

Priya Exhibitors Private Limited

-

-

-

-

166

166

Investment in Equity Share Capital

Vkaao Entertainment Private Limited

-

-

-

-

-

-

272

273

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

Notes

to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2023

Notes

to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2023

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

>>> Consolidated

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Executive Director respectively for

the year ended March 31, 2022 which was already approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors

in their respective meetings. The same is in accordance with the minimum remuneration as was originally approved by the shareholders

vide their resolutions dated July 03, 2018 and September 29, 2020. In view of the inadequacy of profits, the Company had also obtained

approval of the shareholders by way of special resolution in Annual General Meeting of the Company held on July 21st 2022, pursuant to

the provisions of Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013.

52 The present Company has paid remuneration to Mr. Ajay Bijli,: Managing

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00531142

DIN: 00208173

Vikas Mehra

Mukesh Kumar

Nitin Sood

Partner

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

ICAI Membership Number: 94421

ICSI – M. No. A-17925

Place: New Delhi

Place: New Delhi

Date: May 15, 2023

Date: May 15, 2023

278

Notes

to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2023

(Rupees in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated):

