Managing Director,

Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) Limited

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

02

Annual Report 2022-23:

Dear Shareholders,

The business landscape has been changing at a rapid pace. Even

as the post-pandemic life comes back to normal again, the way

businesses operate has significantly and permanently evolved.

What seemed to be situational and exceptional demands from

communication and digital technologies during the pandemic are

now proving to be permanent and essential requirements to fuel

the newer ways of doing business. There is a growing importance

being placed on customer-focused business models, accelerated

adoption of cloud infrastructure, unified communications, security

solutions, omni-channel customer experience, and many such

digital solutions.

SMEs (Small and Medium Enterprises) account for 90% of

enterprises in India by count but contribute less than 40% to the

country’s GDP, compared to a nearly 70% contribution to the GDP

by SMEs in developed markets. This represents a massive unlocked

potential for the SMEs in India.

Our endeavour has always been to democratise technology and

empower SMEs in their digital transformation journey by playing

the role of a trusted digital solutions partner. Towards this end, we

continued to strengthen our Smart Business Solutions portfolio

with the following launches:

Smartflo WhatsApp for Business Suite: A key addition

to the overall Smartflo cloud communication suite which

enables seamless omni-channel communication.

SmartOffice® Business Broadband: A single box solution

with data, voice, security, and productivity tools to help

businesses power up without the hassle of multiple vendors.

Infrastructure as a Service: A cloud infrastructure portfolio

launched in partnership with Microsoft.

Smart Cloud Managed Services: A specialised support for

every stage of an organisation’s cloud journey.

Smart Workspace Solutions: A suite of workspace

productivity tools launched in collaboration with Google.

This is in addition to our partnership with Microsoft and

Zoom Communications.

Seqrite Endpoint Security: A complete endpoint security

solution powered by Seqrite, providing intelligent threat

protection from cyber threats.

Our mission is to continue to build a comprehensive portfolio

of highly relevant digital solutions which drive the digital

transformation journey of businesses.

With the spotlight on our values of ‘Faster, Simpler, Closer’, we

have created a positive shift in our work culture, fostering better

connections amongst teams and with our customers.

Overall, we believe that the work we have done this year has laid the

foundation for a robust and empowered organisation of the future.

We are excited for the future and the potential it holds for our

customers, for our organisation and for our employees.

Harjit Singh: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Harjit Singh is the: Managing

Managing Director (Investment

Banking Division) in Bank of America Merrill Lynch,

and also Group Manager & Head, Business Planning in

Infosys Technologies Limited – Corporate Planning Group.

He currently serves on the Boards of several Tata group

companies.

Mr. Kumar Ramanathan

Independent Director

Mr. Ramanathan brings in over 25+ years of marketing

experience from the leadership roles he has played across

various companies like Pepsi, Vodafone, and Positive

Integers. Mr. Ramanathan is a Founder of Positive Integers

Private Limited, a decision science company, and has been

spearheading the company since its inception.

At present, Mr. Ramanathan is CEO of Positive Integers.

Prior to this, he was holding the position of Director –

Analytics and Commercial, Vodafone AMEAP region and

Chief Marketing Officer, Vodafone India Limited. Prior to

that, he was the Unit Manager, PepsiCo India Holdings.

Mr. Ramanathan has a Master’s Degree in Commerce

from the Delhi School of Economics and a management

degree from IIM Ahmedabad.

Mr. Ramanathan also serves on the Board of Varthana

Finance Private Limited, Tata Communications Payment

Solutions Private Limited, Positive Integers Private Limited

and Tata Communications Transformation Services Limited.

11:

Managing Director

Hiroo Mirchandani

- Independent Director

Dr. Narendra Damodar Jadhav

- Independent Director

Kumar Ramanathan

- Independent Director

Ankur Verma

- Non-Executive Director

Srinath Narasimhan (until April 24, 2023)

- Non-Executive Director

Thambiah Elango (until April 24, 2023)

- Non-Executive Director

KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

Shinu Mathai (w.e.f. March 1, 2023)

- Chief Financial Officer

Vrushali Dhamnaskar

- Company Secretary

Kush S. Bhatnagar (until February 28, 2023)

- Chief Financial Officer

INVESTOR SERVICES

- Hiten Koradia

Manager – Secretarial

E-mail: investor.relations@tatatel.co.in

STATUTORY AUDITORS

- Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP

INTERNAL AUDITORS

- ANB Solutions Private Limited

- Ernst & Young LLP

- Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India LLP

REGISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER AGENTS

- TSR Consultants Private Limited

C-101, 1st Floor, 247 Park, Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai,

Maharashtra - 400 083

Tel.: +91 22 6656 8484

Fax: +91 22 6656 8494

E-mail: csg-unit@tcplindia.co.in

Website: https://www.tcplindia.co.in

REGISTERED OFFICE

- D-26, TTC Industrial Area, MIDC Sanpada, P.O. Turbhe, Navi Mumbai,

Maharashtra - 400 703

CORPORATE IDENTITY NUMBER (CIN)

- L64200MH1995PLC086354

LIST OF BANKS

- Axis Bank Limited

Citi Bank N.A.

Deutsche Bank AG

ICICI Bank Limited

IDBI Bank Limited

IndusInd Bank Limited

Standard Chartered Bank

Union Bank of India

LIST OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

- Aditya Birla Sun life AMC Limited

Axis Asset Management Company Limited

HDFC Asset Management

Company Limited

ICICI Prudential Asset Management

Company Limited

Kotak Mahindra Asset

Management Company Limited

Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited

Tata Asset Management Limited

SBI Funds Management Limited

Twenty Eighth Annual General Meeting of Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) Limited will be held on Tuesday, June 27, 2023, at 1630 hours

through Video Conferencing facility or Other Audio Visual Means (VC/OAVM)

The Annual Report can be accessed at the Company’s website www.tatatelebusiness.com

Corporate Overview

Financial Statements

15

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director of Tata Teleservices

Limited for a period of three years with effect from April 25,

2023), as the: Managing

Letter etc. by

clicking on “Upload Board Resolution / Authority: Letter”

displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their login.

4.

The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through

VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the

quorum under Section 103 of the Act.

5.

As per the provisions of Clause 3.A.II of the General Circular

No. 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020, the matter of Special Business

as appearing under Item No. 3 to 9 of the accompanying

Notice, are considered to be unavoidable by the Board and

hence, form part of this Notice.

6.

The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the

Act setting out material facts concerning the business under

Item No. 3 to 9 of the Notice, are annexed hereto. The relevant

details, pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations

and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by

the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, in respect of

Letter of confirmation’ in lieu of physical securities

certificate(s), to the securities holder/claimant within 30 days

of its receipt of such request after removing objections, if

any. The ‘: Letter of Confirmation’ shall be valid for a period

of 120 days from the date of its issuance, within which the

securities holder/claimant shall make a request to the DP for

dematerialising the said securities. Form ISR-4 is available on

the website of RTA. It may be noted that any service request

can be processed only after the folio is KYC Compliant.

13.

In case of joint holders, the Member whose name appears

as the first holder in the order of names as per the Register

of Members of the Company will be entitled to vote during

the AGM.

14.

The Register of

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer of Tata Communications Limited. He is a

global techno-commercial leader across regions and industries

recognised for developing scalable businesses in UK, Europe, Japan

and India, and has worked across the globe. In a short span at Tata

Communications, since October 2019, Lakshminarayanan is re-

engineering the Company and steering it to deliver strong profitable

growth. Under his leadership, Tata Communications is progressing

to play a solid role as a digital ecosystem enabler – a digital fabric on

which customers can build secure, connected, digital experiences.

Prior to joining Tata Communications, Lakshminarayanan was

President and CEO of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) Japan,

accelerating the company’s market opportunity and brand in the

region. An over 35 years Tata Group veteran, engineering graduate

from BITS, Pilani, and London Business School senior executive

programme alumnus, Lakshminarayanan is an IEEE (Institute of

Electrical and Electronics Engineers) long-standing member. He

is also on the Board of Tata Teleservices Limited, Tejas Networks

Limited, Nelco Limited, Nelco Network Products Limited and Tata

Teleservices (Maharashtra) Limited. He is known to drive all things

technology and transformation, with trust and purpose.

Lakshminarayanan is also appointed as a Member of Nomination

and Remuneration Committee and Risk Management Committee of

the Company. He does not hold any equity shares of the Company.

The details including the qualification and the list of companies

in which Lakshminarayanan serves as Director and Member/

Chairman of committees are stated in the annexure attached to

the Notice.

Lakshminarayanan is not related to any other Director of

the Company.

Corporate Overview

Financial Statements

25

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director of Tata Teleservices

(Maharashtra) Limited and Tata Teleservices Limited (together TTL)

and is responsible for the growth and expansion of the company as

a leading digital solutions provider in the MSME space. TTL offers

a comprehensive portfolio of Connectivity, Collaboration, Cloud

& SaaS, Security, and Marketing solutions to enterprises in the

country under the brand name Tata Tele Business Services (TTBS).

Harjit Singh is an Officer of the ’96 batch of the Tata Administrative

Services and has been associated with several companies in

the group such as Tata Housing, Tata AutoComp Systems, Tata

Communications and Neotel before joining TTL in 2012. Harjit has

close to three decades of rich experience in P&L management,

corporate strategy & planning, M&A, business development

and operations in domestic and international markets and has

been instrumental in leading businesses on their journey to true

potential and scale.

His academics include a PGDM in Finance and Operations from IIM

Ahmedabad and a B.E. Mechanical from IIT Roorkee.

Harjit Singh is also a Member of Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee and Finance Committee of the Board. He holds 3,400

equity shares of the Company as on date.

The details including the qualification and the list of companies

in which Harjit Singh serves as Director and Member/Chairman

of committees are stated in the annexure attached to the Notice.

Harjit Singh is not related to any other Director of the Company.

The Board commends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No.

5 of the Notice for approval of the Members.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives,

except Harjit Singh to the extent of his appointment, are in any way

concerned or interested in passing of the resolution mentioned at

Item No. 5 of the Notice.

Item No. 6

The Board of Directors, on recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, appointed Harjit Singh (DIN:09416905)

as: Managing

Managing Director and the main clauses of the Agreement to be

executed between the Company and Harjit Singh are as follows:

1.

Term and Termination:

1.1

Three (3) years commencing from April 24, 2023, till April

23, 2026.

1.2 The appointment may be terminated earlier, without

any cause, by either party by giving six months’ notice of

such termination.

2.

Remuneration

Harjit Singh will not draw any remuneration from the

Company as: Managing

Managing Director of the Company

for a period of three (3) years ending April 23, 2026, and therefore

recommends the Ordinary Resolution at Item No. 6 for approval

by the Members.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives,

except Harjit Singh to the extent of his appointment, are in any way

concerned or interested in passing of the resolution mentioned at

Item No. 6 of the Notice.

Item No. 7

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on April 24, 2023, on

the recommendation of the Audit Committee, has approved the

appointment of M/s. Sanjay Gupta & Associates (Firm Registration

Number 000212) as Cost Auditors for auditing the cost accounting

records in respect of the services covered under the Companies

(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 of the Company for the financial

year 2023-2024 at a remuneration of I 1,80,000/- (Rupees One

Lakh Eighty Thousand Only) plus applicable taxes and actual out

of pocket expenses not exceeding 5% of the remuneration incurred

in connection with the said audit.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 of the Act read with

Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, remuneration of Cost

Auditor of the Company is required to be ratified and approved

by the Members of the Company. Accordingly, the consent of

the Members by way of an Ordinary Resolution is sought for the

ratification of the remuneration payable to M/s. Sanjay Gupta &

Associates, Cost Accountants.

M/s. Sanjay Gupta & Associates, Cost Accountants, have certified

that they are eligible for appointment as Cost Auditors, free from

any disqualifications, are working independently and maintaining

arm’s length relationship with the Company.

The Board commends the Ordinary Resolution at Item No. 7 of the

Notice for ratification and approval by the Members.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives

are in any way concerned or interested, in passing of the resolution

mentioned at Item No. 7 of the Notice.

Item No. 8

Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) Limited (“TTML”/the “Company”)

provides telecommunication services to its subscribers in Mumbai

and Rest of Maharashtra (including Goa) telecom circles. Tata

Teleservices Limited (“TTSL”) provides telecommunication services

in Pan India, except Mumbai, Rest of Maharashtra (including Goa),

Jammu & Kashmir, Northeast and Assam. TTSL also operates

and maintains National Long Distance (“NLD”) service network

within territorial boundaries of India under license granted by

Government of India. TTML and TTSL share certain infrastructure

between them to achieve optimum cost of operations and also

seamless connectivity as part of offering such services across the

country to their respective subscribers.

TTML and TTSL are conducting business under one single brand

‘Tata Tele Business Services’ with no overlapping geographies or

conflicting businesses.

To achieve mutual benefits in the form of economies of scale

and optimizing costs, TTML and TTSL have entered into various

agreements in the past, to share costs of certain shared central

services, network assets and other infrastructure / resources.

In addition, both TTML and TTSL had entered into interconnect

agreements as mandated by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of

India (“TRAI”) for providing seamless access to the subscribers of

each other. TTSL being NLD operator, TTML has entered into an

agreement with TTSL for routing the traffic through NLD network

of TTSL. TTML has also entered into similar agreements with other

NLD operators.

TTML and TTSL propose to continue with the aforesaid agreements/

arrangement in the future also.

Under the provisions of Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations,

all Related Party Transactions require prior approval of the Audit

Committee, and all material Related Party Transactions require

approval of the shareholders of the Company by an Ordinary

Resolution. A transaction with a related party shall be considered

material, if the transaction / transactions to be entered into

individually or taken together with previous transactions during

a financial year, exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated turnover

of the company as per the last audited financial statements of the

company. TTML and TTSL are related parties as defined under

Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations since both are subsidiaries

of Tata Sons Private Limited.

The transactions between TTML and TTSL include the following:

a.

Inter-Connect Usage Charges (Carriage): The charges

are based on volumes and TTML & TTSL offer each other

competitive market rates.

b.

Inter-Connect Usage Charges (Termination): These charges

are prescribed by TRAI from time to time and are followed by

all the telecom operators in India.

c.

Purchase/Sale of Assets & Inventory: Transaction values are

based on original procurement price as billed by independent

third parties or such prices adjusted for depreciation without

any mark-up.

d.

Service Income: Income from provision of services is

comparable with that offered by TTML to other similar

offerings to other customers.

e.

Other Income: Leasing of properties is made either based

on valuation of the properties or the rates at which TTML

had taken the same on lease from other private parties.

Maintenance of such facilities are reimbursed by TTSL to

TTML at actual without adding any mark-up.

f.

Allocation of Costs: Sharing of common resources is based on

“Various Ratios” such as Subscriber Ratio, Revenue Ratio and

Reimbursement of Actual cost without mark-up.

Notice (Contd.)

28

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Age

47

69

62

52

52

Qualifications

B.E. in Mechanical Engineering

and PGDM from IIM, Kolkata

PhD in Economics from Indiana

University, USA

Degree in Mechanical

Engineering from BITS, Pilani

and is an alumnus of London

Business School. He is also, a

longstanding member of IEEE.

PGDM in Finance and

Operations from IIM

Ahmedabad and a BE – Mech.

from IIT Roorkee

PGDM in Finance and

Operations from IIM

Ahmedabad and a BE – Mech.

from IIT Roorkee

Experience

Senior Vice President at Tata

Sons Private Limited. Around

21 years of experience in

Investment Banking, Capital

Markets and Corporate

Strategy. Previously, was: Managing

Managing Director of the Company for a period of three years

commencing from April 24, 2023, subject to the approval of the

Members. Accordingly, resolutions have been included in the

notice of AGM for your approval.

The Company has received a notice in writing from a Member under

Section 160(1) of the Act proposing candidature of Dr. Narendra

Damodar Jadhav, A. S. Lakshminarayanan and Harjit Singh for the

office of director. The Board recommends these appointments for

your approval in the best interests of the Company. The relevant

details of Dr. Jadhav, A. S. Lakshminarayanan and Harjit Singh form

part of the Notice convening 28th AGM.

Srinath Narasimhan (DIN:00058133), Non-Executive, Non-

Independent director, resigned from the directorship of the

Company with effect from April 24, 2023. The Board placed on

record its appreciation for the significant contributions made

by him during his long association of more than 12 years with

the Company.

Thambiah Elango (DIN:07973530), Non-Executive, Non-

Independent director, from the directorship of the Company

with effect from April 24, 2023. The Board placed on record its

appreciation for the significant contributions made by him during

his association with the Company.

Directors Retiring by Rotation

In accordance with the relevant provisions of the Act and in

terms of the Articles of Association of the Company, Ankur Verma

(DIN:07972892) retires by rotation at the ensuing AGM and being

eligible offers himself for re-appointment. The Board recommends

his appointment for your approval in the best interests of the

Company. The relevant details of Ankur Verma form part of the

Notice convening 28th AGM.

Independent Directors

All the Independent Directors of the Company have given

declarations and confirmed that they meet the criteria

of ‘Independence’ as stipulated under the Act and the

Listing Regulations.

Key Managerial Personnel

Pursuant to the movement of Kush S. Bhatnagar, Chief Financial

Officer, and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company to Tata

Corporate Overview

Financial Statements

37

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company,

effective April 24, 2023, Harjit Singh has vacated the office of

Manager of the Company held by till that date.

Meetings of the Board of Directors

The details of composition of the Board, its committees, their

meetings held and attendance of the Directors at such meetings

are provided in the Corporate Governance Report, which is a part

of this Report.

Board Evaluation

The Board of Directors carried out an annual evaluation of its

own performance, performance of Board Committees and

individual Directors pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the

Listing Regulations.

The performance of the Board, the Committees and individual

Directors was evaluated by the Board after seeking inputs from

all the Directors through a questionnaire wherein the Directors

evaluated the performance on scale of one to five based on the

following criteria:

a)

Criteria for Board performance evaluation includes degree

of fulfilment of key responsibilities, Board structure

and composition, establishment, and delineation of

responsibilities to committees, effectiveness of board

processes, information and functioning, board culture and

dynamics, quality of relationship between the Board and

the management.

b)

Criteria for Committee performance evaluation includes

degree of fulfilment of key responsibilities, adequacy

of committee composition, effectiveness of meetings,

committee dynamics, quality of relationship of the committee

with the Board, and the management.

c)

Criteria for performance evaluation of Individual Directors

includes fulfilment of the independence criteria as specified

in the Listing Regulations and their independence from

the management, attendance, contribution at meetings,

guidance, support to management outside Board/

Committee meetings.

The above criteria are broadly based on the Guidance Note on

Board Evaluation issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of

India on January 5, 2017.

Dr. Narendra Damodar Jadhav, Chairperson of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) was nominated for conducting

one-on-one discussions with the Directors to seek their feedback

on the Board and other directors.

The NRC also reviewed the performance of the individual directors.

In a separate meeting of Independent Directors, performance of

Non-Independent Directors and performance of the Board was

evaluated, views of the Non-Executive Directors were also taken.

The Board and the NRC reviewed the performance of individual

Directors on the basis of criteria such as the contribution of the

individual Directors to the Board and Committee meetings like

preparedness on the issues to be discussed, meaningful and

constructive contribution and inputs in meetings, etc.

In the Board meeting that followed the meeting of the Independent

Directors and meeting of NRC, the performance of the Board,

its committees and individual directors were also discussed.

Performance evaluation of Independent Directors was done by the

entire Board, excluding the Independent Director being evaluated.

Safety

The Company has a well-defined and practiced Employee Safety

and Well-being Policy. The Company’s Safety Policy comprises of

guidelines and standardized practices, based on robust processes.

It advocates proactively improving its management systems, to

minimize health and safety hazards, thereby ensuring compliance

in all operational activities.

To minimize and mitigate risks related to fire safety and physical

security, the Company has taken up various safety initiatives

that includes:

• First aid and fire safety WBT trainings for all on-roll employees.

• Presentation based awareness sessions for off-roll employees.

• Engagement with Location Safety Officers (LSOs).

• Safety awareness sessions for employees conducted by Senior

Leadership Team.

• Physical audit of offices through in-house team and core MSC

location through external agency JLL.

• Emergency mock fire drills.

• Dissemination on employee safety awareness, through E-mail,

SMS, videos (Do’s and Don’ts) and quiz.

• E-module based training enabled on electrical safety, warehouse

safety, building and office evacuation. This has been completed

by 99% of employees.

These modules are part of our best practice replication the

practices from Tata Group.

Policies And Procedures

Policy on Directors’ Appointment and Remuneration

and other details

The Policy of the Company on Directors’ appointment including

criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes,

independence of a Director and the Policy on remuneration of

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees are at

Annexure - IA and Annexure - IB and form part of this Report.

Directors’ Report (Contd.)

38

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

Annual Report 2022-23:

managing director (“MD”)/executive

directors (“ED”)/KMP/ rest of the employees

− The extent of overall remuneration should be sufﬁcient to

attract and retain talented and qualified individuals suitable

for every role. Hence remuneration should be

• Market competitive (market for every role is defined as

companies from which the company attracts talent or

companies to which the company loses talent)

• Driven by the role played by the individual,

• Reflective of size of the company, complexity of

the sector/industry/ company’s operations and the

company’s capacity to pay,

• Consistent with recognized best practices and

• Aligned to any regulatory requirements.

− In terms of remuneration mix or composition,

• The remuneration mix for the MD/ EDs is as per the

contract approved by the shareholders. In case of

any change, the same would require the approval of

the shareholders.

Corporate Overview

Financial Statements

45

Statutory Reports:

letter of even date which is annexed as ‘ANNEXURE A’ and forms an integral part of this report.

Annexure – V to the Directors’ Report (Contd.)

52

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter.

1)

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2)

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the

processes and practices we followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3)

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4)

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5)

The compliance of the provisions of corporate laws, rules,

regulations, standards is the responsibility of management.

Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures

on test basis.

6)

As regard the books, papers, forms, reports and returns filed

by the Company under the provisions referred in Secretarial

Audit Report in Form MR-3 the adherence and compliance to

the requirements of the said regulations is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to checking

the execution and timeliness of the filing of various forms,

reports, returns and documents that need to be filed by the

Company with various authorities under the said regulations.

We have not verified the correctness and coverage of the

contents of such forms, reports, returns and documents.

7)

The secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

Annexure A

For Mehta & Mehta,

Company Secretaries

(ICSI Unique Code P1996MH007500)

Atul Mehta

Partner

FCS No: 5782

Date: April 24, 2023

CP No: 2486

Place: Mumbai

UDIN: F005782E000177580

Corporate Overview

Financial Statements

53

Statutory Reports:

letter

dated June 27, 2022, issued Captive Non-Public Network Guidelines

along with application format for the grant of Captive Non-Public

Network License and spectrum leasing for Captive Non-Public

Network Licensee.

On July 11, 2022, DoT amended the Unified License with respect

to procurement of telecom equipment by adding a sentence

“also seek permission from Designated Authority for upgradation

or expansion of existing Network”. They have added the word

“expansion” to the existing clause. Previously, there was no

mention of requirements for taking approval for expansion of the

existing network.

On August 2, 2022, DoT has amended the Unified License changing

the FDI Compliance report from biannual to annual. From now

onwards FDI compliance has to be submitted on 1st January only.

Previously, it was submitted twice a year i.e., by 7th of January and

7th of July. However, when there is a change in FDI in the licensee

company, the Licensee shall submit the FDI compliance report

within 15 days of such occurrence.

On September 21, 2022, DoT issued draft Indian Telecommunication

Bill 2022 for comments from the public. Major highlights of the

proposed bill are as follows:

• Single Unified Act replacing multiple existing Acts through this

bill named Indian Telecommunication Bill 2022.

• Spectrum Management: Technology agnostic use, re-farming

and re-purposing, sharing, trading, leasing, and surrender,

returning unused spectrum.

• Breach of Terms and Conditions of License, Registration,

Authorization or Assignment: The penalties shall be

commensurate with the severity of the breach of terms

and conditions.

• Right of Way for Telecommunication Infrastructure: Any public

entity that receives an application from a facility provider

is required to grant permission in an expeditious manner.

Rejection of an application can only be for limited substantive

grounds. In line with the vision of PM Gati Shakti initiative, the

Bill provides for establishing common ducts and cable corridors

in infrastructure projects to ensure integrated development of

infrastructure. The Bill also contains an enabling provision to

create a specific dispute resolution framework relating to Right

of Way.

• Mergers, Demergers, Acquisitions: The Bill seeks to simplify the

framework for mergers, demergers and acquisitions, or other

forms of restructuring, by only requiring intimation to the

licensing authority. In other words, any licensee or registered

entity will simply be required to comply with the scheme for

restructuring as provided under the Companies Act, 2013, and

inform the Department of Telecommunications, as required.

• Insolvency: If such licensee or assignee is unable to comply with

these requirements, then the assigned spectrum will revert to

the control of the Central Government.

On January 31, 2023, DoT has introduced Numbering Resource

Management System (NRMS) module in Saral Sanchal Portal

wherein there will be online application using Digital Signature

of the Authorized Signatory of the Licensee for allocation of the

numbering resources. MSC codes, wire-line codes and M2M codes

shall be allocated through NRMS module to Licensee.

In the FY23, Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (“TRAI”)

introduced Regulation/s and/or amendments thereto, covering

Telecommunication Tariff (Sixty Eighth Amendment) Order, 2022

dated April 7, 2022, in which item (8), for sub-item 8(a), is substituted

as “8(a) Charges for outgoing USSD session for USSD based mobile

banking and payment services are - Tariff NIL”. Also, TRAI issued

Telecommunication Tariff (69th Amendment) Order, 2022 dated

December 6, 2022, with insertion of Schedule XIII mentioning

“Tariff for Short Messaging Services (SMS) and Cell Broadcast alerts/

messages disseminated by service providers through Common

Alerting Protocol platform”.

In the FY23, apart from directions in relation to specific service

providers, TRAI provided directions and/or amendments,

regarding submission of periodical reports on revenue and usage

in the revised format “A” (for Wireless Services) and format “B”

(for Wireline Services); furnish information on Gross Revenue,

Applicable Gross Revenue, Adjusted Gross Revenue, Spectrum

Usage Charges and License Fee, etc. within one month of filing

them with the Licensor (DoT); to submit Quality of Service (QoS)

reports for each State and Union Territory (UT) and reporting of

major network outages to TRAI.

MAJOR LITIGATION

Dual Technology

The Cellular Operators Association of India (“COAI”) challenged

the DoT Press Release dated October 19, 2007, allowing the

existing licensees to use dual technology i.e. CDMA operators

were permitted to acquire and use GSM spectrum for providing

GSM services and vice-versa (“Dual Tech Policy”) before TDSAT,

which upheld the Dual Tech Policy by order dated March 31, 2009.

TTML GSM admin spectrum in the 1800 MHz band was allocated

under this Dual Tech Policy in 2008 and the same has expired on

September 29, 2017. COAI challenged the TDSAT order before

the Supreme Court, praying that the Dual Tech Policy should be

repealed, and the GSM start-up spectrum should be cancelled.

The matter is likely to be heard soon. In case the policy is held

to be invalid, there could be some financial liability for the past

period of about eight years during which this spectrum was held

by the Company.

Corporate Overview

Financial Statements

57

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director and

Chief Financial Officer in this respect appears elsewhere in

this Report.

The Company is in compliance with the requirements stipulated

under Regulation 17 to 27 read with Schedule V and clauses (b)

to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), as

applicable, with regard to corporate governance.

Tata code of conduct for prevention of insider

trading and code of corporate disclosure practices

In compliance with the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015, the Company has adopted a code under the

nomenclature of “Tata Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider

Trading and Code of Corporate Disclosure Practices” for prevention

of insider trading and ensuring timely and adequate disclosures of

all Unpublished Price Sensitive Information in a transparent manner.

Board of Directors

Composition

The composition of the Board of Directors of the Company (the

“Board”) is in conformity with Regulation 17 read with Regulation

25(6) of the Listing Regulations and Section 149 of the Act. The

Company has adopted the Governance Guidelines on Board

Effectiveness (the “Governance Guidelines”), keeping in view the

provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations. These Governance

Guidelines, amongst other things, cover aspects related to

composition of the Board/Committees with adequate numbers

of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent

Directors, effective discharge of duties by individual directors, the

Board and its Committees in the best interest of the stakeholders,

appointment/retirement of directors and performance evaluation

of the individual directors, the Board as a whole and its committees.

The Board of Directors, as on March 31, 2023, comprised of 6 (Six)

Non-Executive Directors with 50% of the total number of directors

i.e., three directors being Independent Directors (including a

Woman Director). The profiles of the Directors are available at

https://www.tatatelebusiness.com/board-of-directors-ttml/. The

Company is managed by Harjit Singh,: Managing

Managing Director

Date: April 24, 2023

April 24, 2023

Place: Navi Mumbai

Navi Mumbai

78

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director (Manager & Chief Executive Officer untill April 24,

2023)

9. Does the entity have a specified committee of the board/

director responsible for decision making on sustainability

related issues? (Yes/ No). If yes, provide details.

No. The Board of Directors review the BRSR Report.

In addition, the Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee

and the Board reviews risks pertaining to certain principles of

business responsibility as identified by the Risk Steering committee.

10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:

Performance against above policies and follow up action

Yes

Frequency (Annually / Half yearly / Quarterly / Any other

- please specify)

Annually

Compliance with statutory requirements of relevance to

the principles, and rectification of any non-compliance

Compliance Report regarding all applicable laws is placed before the

Board on quarterly basis.

Business Responsibility and Sustainibility Report (Contd.)

84

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter and spirit. This also ensures that they

supply us products which promote sustainability. The other

major input for our business is electricity. The Company

sources electricity from power generating companies which

promote and use renewable resources for power generation.

b.

If yes, what percentage of inputs were

sourced sustainably?

TTML is in the process of tracking & monitoring the %

inputs sourced sustainably.

3.

Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products

for reusing, recycling, and disposing at the end of life, for (a)

Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste

and (d) other waste.

Not Applicable.

4.

Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable

to the entity’s activities (Yes / No). If yes, whether the waste

collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer

Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control

Boards? If not, provide steps taken to address the same.

Not Applicable.

Leadership Indicators:

1.

Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments

(LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing industry) or

for its services (for service industry)? If yes, provide details in

the following format?

Not Applicable.

2.

If there are any significant social or environmental concerns

and/or risks arising from production or disposal of your

products / services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective

/ Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, briefly

describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate

the same.

Not Applicable. The Company is in the business of providing

telecommunication services.

3.

Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total

material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing

industry) or providing services (for service industry).

TTML reuses network electronics for providing service.

Description

UOM

FY 2022- 23

FY 2021-22

Recycle or reused

network material

%

83%

-

4.

Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of

products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled, and

safely disposed, as per the following format:

FY 2022-23

Reused

Recycled

Safely

disposed

Plastics (including packaging)

Not Applicable

E-waste

Hazardous waste

Other waste

5.

Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as

percentage of products sold) for each product category

Not Applicable.

PRINCIPLE 3:

Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those

in their value chains

Essential Indicators

1. a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:

Category

Total

% of employees covered by

Health Insurance

Accident Insurance

Maternity Benefits

Paternity Benefits

Day Care Facilities

No.

%

No.

%

No.

%

No.

%

No.

%

Permanent

Male

322

322

100%

322

100%

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

Female

46

46

100%

46

100%

46

100%

NA

NA

46

100%

Others

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

b.

Details of measures for the well-being of workers:

Not Applicable .

Corporate Overview

Financial Statements

87

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director (Manager & CEO untill April 24, 2023)

Mr. Anshumaan Gambhir - CHRO

5.

Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.

TTML has institutionalised a redress grievance under human rights similar for other grievances. Complaints against violation of

human rights can be raised through Ethics, Whistle-blower, and POSH framework or directly connecting to the location or Chief

Ethics Counsellor. This allows all employees, contractors, and suppliers to report any human rights-related concerns. All actual

violations are dealt seriously with remediation actions depending upon the severity of the violation and can also include termination

of employees and business contracts as per the consequence management policy.

Corporate Overview

Financial Statements

93

Statutory Reports:

letter dated 25.04.2018.

An appeal was filed against

the refusal order with the

Appellate

Authority

in

the Environment Dept. in

Mumbai

on

24.05.2018,

which is pending with the

Appellate Authority.

Business Responsibility and Sustainibility Report (Contd.)

96

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter obtained from its ultimate holding

Company.

Our audit procedures included the following:

•

Obtaining management assessment of the appropriateness of Going

Concern basis of accounting.

•

Reading the minutes of Board of Directors’ meetings for future business

plans and their assessment on the Company’s ability to meet its

financial obligations in the foreseeable future.

•

Obtained cash flow forecast prepared by the Company for 12 months

from the balance sheet date and evaluated appropriateness of the

assumptions underlying the same.

•

Assessed the actions taken by the management against the plans

submitted during the previous year’s going concern assessment.

•

Verifying the support: letter obtained by the Company from its ultimate

holding company indicating that it will take necessary actions to

organise for any shortfall in liquidity in Company that may arise to meet

its financial obligations and timely repayment of debt during the period

of 12 months from the balance sheet date.

•

Evaluation of the financial ability of the ultimate holding company to

support the Company by reading its latest audited financial statements.

•

Verifying that the ultimate holding Company has supported the

Company in the past when the need arose.

•

Assessing the appropriateness of the disclosures made in the financial

statements.

Based on the above procedures, the management assessment of going

concern basis of accounting is appropriate.

102

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

Annual Report 2022-23

Managing Director

Membership Number: 110282

DIN No. 08616830

DIN No. 09416905

Place: Mumbai

Place: Navi Mumbai

Shinu Mathai

Vrushali Dhamnaskar

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Navi Mumbai

Place: Navi Mumbai

Place: Navi Mumbai

Date : April 24, 2023

Date : April 24, 2023

Balance Sheet

as at March 31, 2023

110

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Membership Number: 110282

DIN No. 08616830

DIN No. 09416905

Place: Mumbai

Place: Navi Mumbai

Shinu Mathai

Vrushali Dhamnaskar

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Navi Mumbai

Place: Navi Mumbai

Place: Navi Mumbai

Date : April 24, 2023

Date : April 24, 2023

Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2023

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

111

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Membership Number: 110282

DIN No. 08616830

DIN No. 09416905

Place: Mumbai

Place: Navi Mumbai

Shinu Mathai

Vrushali Dhamnaskar

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Navi Mumbai

Place: Navi Mumbai

Place: Navi Mumbai

Date : April 24, 2023

Date : April 24, 2023

Statement of Cash Flow

for the year ended March 31, 2023

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

113

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Membership Number: 110282

DIN No. 08616830

DIN No. 09416905

Place: Mumbai

Place: Navi Mumbai

Shinu Mathai

Vrushali Dhamnaskar

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Navi Mumbai

Place: Navi Mumbai

Place: Navi Mumbai

Date : April 24, 2023

Date : April 24, 2023

114

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter

from its ultimate holding Company indicating that it will

take necessary financial actions to organise for any shortfall

in liquidity during the period of 12 months from the balance

sheet date.

Based on the above, the Company is confident of its ability to

meet the funds requirement and to continue its business as a

going concern and accordingly, the financial statements have

been prepared on that basis.

Note 2:

Summary of significant accounting policies

This note provides a list of the significant accounting policies

adopted in the preparation of these financial statements. These

policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented,

unless otherwise stated.

2.1 Basis of preparation of financial statements

These financial statements comply in all material aspects with

Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under Section

133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) [Companies (Indian

Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended)] and other

relevant provisions of the Act.

These financial statements have been prepared on the

historical cost basis, except for certain assets and liabilities

(including derivative instruments) which are measured at

fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained

in the accounting policies below. Historical cost is generally

based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange

for goods and services. Fair value is the price that would

be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in

an orderly transaction between market participants at the

measurement date.

The financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees

(“INR”) and all values are rounded to the nearest Crores,

except when otherwise indicated.

2.2 Significant accounting estimates and

assumptions

The preparation of these financial statements in conformity

with the recognition and measurement principles of Ind AS

requires the management of the Company to make estimates

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

115

Financial Statements:

Letter dt. 11.10.2022 where TTML has submitted receipts

of payments until March 2003, with a request to reconcile

the arrears.

•: Letter dt. 29.11.2022, seeking details in writing from

PMC w.r.t. basis, rate and period for which ARV has been

calculated for all three accounts and area covered under

each account.

Based on legal advice, the Company has fair chance of success

in this case. Accordingly, the Company has disclosed I 77.56

Crores as contingent liability basis the previous demands as

of 2019-20. The Company has not taken into consideration

the latest amounts posted in PMC website as the probability

of outflow is assessed to be remote.

g)

The Company has evaluated the impact of the Supreme

Court (SC) judgement dated February 28, 2019 in case of

“Vivekananda Vidyamandir And Others Vs The Regional

Provident Fund Commissioner (II) West Bengal” and the

related circular (Circular No. C-I/1(33)2019/Vivekananda Vidya

Mandir/284) dated March 20, 2019 issued by the Employees’

Provident Fund Organisation in relation to non-exclusion

of certain allowances from the definition of “basic wages”

of the relevant employees for the purposes of determining

contribution to provident fund under the Employees’

Provident Funds & Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952. In the

assessment of the management which is supported by legal

advice, the Company believes that the aforesaid judgement

does not have material impact on the Company. The Company

will continue to monitor and evaluate its position based on

future events and developments.

Note 35:

The Hon’ble Supreme Court (‘SC’) pronounced its Judgement on

October 24, 2019 (‘Judgement’), allowing the appeal of Department

of Telecommunication’s (‘DoT’) in respect of the definition of Gross

Revenue (‘GR’) and Adjusted Gross Revenue (‘AGR’).

Further, on September 1, 2020, SC directed the Operators to pay

10% of the total outstanding as mentioned in the modification

application filed by DoT, by March 31, 2021, and the balance in

annual instalments commencing April 1, 2021 upto March 31, 2031

payable by March 31 of every year.

TTML along with TTSL on January 10, 2021, have filed a joint

application for direction/clarification of order dated September 1,

2020, wherein TTML and TTSL, inter alia, have requested SC to allow

TTML and TTSL to seek rectification of computational errors and

erroneous disallowances in the amounts claimed by DoT which was

dismissed by SC on July 23, 2021. On August 22, 2021, TTML along

with TTSL have filed a petition seeking a review of the aforesaid

order. The said petition may be taken up in due course.

TTML and TTSL have opted for moratorium for four years on AGR

dues vide letter dated October 29, 2021.

On April 6, 2022, TTML along with TTSL have filed an Affidavit

before SC in compliance with the SC order dated September 1, 2020,

wherein it brought on record the acceptance of the moratorium of

four years, offered by the DoT. On June 14, 2022, DoT has issued

letter giving payment instalment plan of the total dues payable

from March 2026. TTML along with TTSL have already represented

to DoT to provide the details of the dues. On April 5, 2023 TTML

along with TTSL have filed an Affidavit in further compliance with

the SC order dated September 1, 2020.

DoT vide letter June 15, 2022, granted further opportunity to

exercise the option of moratorium of AGR related dues up to

financial year 2018-19 and not tabulated in the Hon’ble Supreme

Court order dated September 1, 2020 for a period of four years.

TTML has given acceptance of moratorium for four years as per the

terms of said letter from DoT, vide its letter dated June 30, 2022.

During the quarter and year ended March 31, 2023, TTML continues

to recognise interest on AGR obligations. The amount has been

recorded in compliance with the accounting standards, strictly

without prejudice to TTML’s legal rights, claims, remedies and

contentions available under law.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

151

Financial Statements

Managing Director (w.e.f. April 24, 2023) [Chief Executive Officer until this change]

Mr. Kush S. Bhatnagar – Chief Financial Officer (upto February 28, 2023)

Mr. Shinu Mathai – Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f. March 1, 2023)

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

165

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Membership Number: 110282

DIN No. 08616830

DIN No. 09416905

Place: Mumbai

Place: Navi Mumbai

Shinu Mathai

Vrushali Dhamnaskar

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Navi Mumbai

Place: Navi Mumbai

Place: Navi Mumbai

Date : April 24, 2023

Date : April 24, 2023

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

175

Financial Statements:

