Dear Shareholders,

In its phenomenal journey of over

three decades, ZEE has built a

strong foundation with continuous

transformation, value-creation and

profitability as its core tenets. This has

enabled the Company to stay ahead

of the curve and deliver meaningful

entertainment experiences across

screens and formats.

The path of ongoing

transformation

PUNIT GOENKA

MD & CEO

10

11

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director and Chief Executive

officer (MD & CEO) has been shown in KMP. KMP includes

CEO and MD, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Company

Secretary (CS)

42

43

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director & CEO

Dr. Subhash Chandra

Chairman Emeritus

A self-made man and a true visionary,

Dr. Chandra has consistently demonstrated

his ability to identify new businesses

and lead them on the path of success.

Rightly referred to as ‘The Father of Indian

Television’, Dr. Chandra’s pioneering vision

has gifted India with not just its first private

satellite television company but an entire

industry in itself. ZEE now caters to over

1.3 billion viewers from 190 countries in

more than 19 languages.

As the Chairman of Ekal Global, which

works for the under privileged children,

especially in the tribal areas, where he

enabled 86,000 schools in 22 Indian

states and in Nepal, educating over

2.3 million children and is working towards

rural development in as many villages.

Dr. Chandra has been contributing

towards society in association with various

NGOs including TALEEM Foundation, Ekal

Vidyalaya, Global Vipassana Foundation,

Global Foundation for Civilisation

Harmony and Subhash Chandra

Foundation. He has been the Member of

Parliament – Rajya Sabha from his home

state Haryana, India.

For his contributions to the industry,

Dr. Chandra has been awarded the 2011

International Emmy Directorate Award at

their 39th International Emmy Awards in

New York. He became the first Indian ever

to receive a Directorate Award recognising

excellence in television programming

outside the United States.

C - Chairman | M - Member | Audit Committee Risk Management Committee

Nomination and Remuneration Committee Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Deepu Bansal

Independent Director

Ms. Deepu Bansal, Chartered Accountant

and a Certified ESG Professional from

the Institute of Chartered Accountants

of India. She has completed her Master

of Commerce (Hons.), MDS University,

Rajasthan.

Currently, serving as Senior Partner

in NDB & Associates LLP, Chartered

Accountants. She has over 18 years of

rich experience in handling key matters

pertaining to risk management, internal

audits, governance, compliance, and

process controls. She specialises in the

BFSI segment including non-banking

financial companies, asset management

companies, insurance companies (life

and general), capital markets, market

infrastructure institutions, etc.

She has also undertaken assignments

as an Internal Auditor and has provided

Board/Audit Committee representations

for internal audits, and special reviews

in listed/large corporates. She has

also provided advisory on significant

accounting matters pertaining to the

listing of Life Insurance Corporation of

India Limited. She has also been involved

in providing management consultation

to large institutions on various matters

related to processes and controls.

Her contributions also include active

participation in drafting various matters

pertaining to investments with the

Insurance Regulatory Development

Authority and the insurance industry as

well as Guidance Notes pertaining to

concurrent audits of investment functions

in insurance companies.

Apart from being a Keynote speaker in

various seminars organised by the study

circles of the ICAI. She has also served

as a lecturer at Sophia College, Ajmer,

for Company Laws, Cost Accounting,

and Income Tax in the past.

Adesh Kumar Gupta

Non-executive,

Non-independent Director

Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta, Chartered

Accountant, Company Secretary and AMP

from Harvard is a professional with rich

experience of over 40 years in Corporate

Strategy, M&A, Business restructuring,

Fund-raising, Taxation etc. During his

distinguished career of over 3 decades

in Aditya Birla Group, Mr. Adesh Gupta

held various senior positions (including

Board positions) in companies in various

fields including Indian Rayon, Birla Global

Finance, Aditya Birla Nuvo Ltd and Grasim

Industries Ltd. Post his retirement as

Whole-time Director & CFO of Grasim

Industries Ltd. Mr Adesh Gupta is working

as an insolvency professional and

currently service on the board of various

boards which includes Grasim Industries

Ltd, Care Ratings Ltd, Vinati Organics Ltd,

India Pesticides Ltd., Krsnaa Diagnostics

Limited.

Mr. Adesh Gupta was awarded Best CFO

award by ICAI, IMA and Business Today.

He had also represented FICCI as a

Member of NACAS (National Accounting

and Auditing Standards) which was

instrumental in setting up Accounting

Standards in India.

R. Gopalan

Chairman,

Independent Director

Mr. R. Gopalan has a master’s degree in

public administration and management

from Harvard University and master’s

degree in economics from Boston

University. He had rich experience in

Government of India in Finance and

Commerce ministries.

Mr. Gopalan is from the Indian

Administrative Service. He served as

Secretary DEA and DFS in the Ministry of

Finance and Additional/Joint Secretary in

the Ministry of Commerce. He represented

India in negotiations at the WTO and

served as DG, Anti Dumping and Subsidies

investigation. He served on the boards

of LIC, MMTC and New India Assurance

Ltd. In Tamilnadu, he headed TIDCO and

Tamilnadu Newsprints and Papers Ltd.

He has led the team from conception to

completion and marketing of the TIDEL

software park in Chennai.

He served on the board of RBI and served

as an alternate Director at the World Bank

and Asian Development Bank. He was

administratively responsible in GoI for

SEBI and PFRDA.

Mr. Gopalan has wide experience in

venture capital funding, managing

industrial undertakings, infrastructure

financing, and negotiations for the country

in multilateral fora. He is currently on the

boards of various eminent companies.

46

47

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

M

M

M

M

M

C

C

C

C

C

M

M

M

M

M:

Managing Director & CEO

As the: Managing Director and CEO of

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Ltd. Punit

Goenka has been extremely successful in

enhancing the Company’s performance

and driving the Company towards its

set goals. His futuristic vision and sharp

acumen in the new media domain, has led

the Company to a global stature today.

Punit is also responsible for expanding the

Company’s international presence across

190+ countries, and its reach to over

1.3 billion viewers.

Punit has been listed amongst the top

100 CEOs of India in a study published

by Business Today. He was conferred the

‘Outstanding Contribution to Media’ award

at the Managing India Awards hosted

by AIMA & bagged the prestigious IAA

Leadership Award under the category of

‘Game-Changer of the Year’. Punit has

also been awarded the esteemed Medaille

d’Honneur Award at MIPTV.

He plays an active role in shaping the

future of the M&E industry as a Board of

Director for the Indian Broadcasting &

Digital Foundation (IBDF).

Key Business Highlights/Achievements

• Punit sharpened the Company’s focus

and took it to greater heights with his

vision to build ZEE 4.0, a sharper, leaner,

greener version of ZEE. Focusing on its

5G formula of Governance, Granularity,

Growth, Goodwill and Gusto, his vision

for ZEE to take the next big leap to

transform into the largest and most

profitable M&E company in South Asia is

transforming into reality.

• In a game-changing move, he is leading

the formation of the proposed merger

with Sony Pictures Networks India (now

Culver Max Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.) to

create a leading M&E company from the

emerging markets.

• A dynamic leader with a consistent focus

on delivering value to all stakeholders,

Punit has steered the company towards

its set goals by not just creating quality

entertainment content, but also by

bringing about a positive change across

society through various initiatives.

• Under his able leadership, ZEE has been

a pioneer with a rich legacy of 30 years

and has grown multi-fold since then,

expanding into various new markets

and mediums in India and across the

Sasha Mirchandani

Independent Director

Sasha Mirchandani has over 25 years of

experience at the intersection of finance,

technology and digital commerce in

India. He has seed/venture funded and

mentored/ advised some of the largest

unicorns in India and brings deep insights

into how technology is shaping new

business models and how Companies can

leverage emerging technologies to get a

competitive advantage in products and

markets.

Sasha has worked with a wide spectrum

of tech and digital commerce companies

during their 0-1 phase and brings a

detailed understanding of technology/

digital products, their monetisation

approaches and scaling up companies

to achieve global competitiveness.

Some of his marquee investments have

been Fractal Analytics, InMobi, Myntra,

Porter, Tata 1mg, Healthkart and Zetwerk

among others.

Sasha has successfully raised and

deployed multiple funds and was inducted

into the TiE Hall of Fame in 2019 as an

Outstanding Angel Investor. He co-

founded Mumbai Angels and is also

the Past President of the Entrepreneurs

Organization (EO) Mumbai and was a

Board member of YPO Mumbai as well.

He serves on the Boards of Zee

Entertainment Enterprises Limited,

Hathway Cable and Datacom Limited,

Nazara Technologies Limited, Healthkart,

Kae Capital and YPO Gold Mumbai

Chapter. Previously he served on the

Boards of Myntra, Tata 1mg, Fractal

Analytics, and Ador Welding Limited

among others.

He completed his Business Administration

from Strayer University and did his MMDP

at IIM Ahmedabad.

Vivek Mehra

Independent Director

Mr. Vivek Mehra is a well-respected

senior Chartered Accountant with an

illustrious professional career spanning

over 44 years and experience spanning

across sectors in Taxation, accounting,

risk management and Regulatory domains

of Merger & Acquisition specialising in

Cross-border Investment and Transaction

Structuring.

He has held various leadership roles till

April 2017 in PWC as Partner/ Executive

Director. He was the founder and national

leader for PwC Regulatory and M&A Tax

Practices and has been elected on the

PwC Governance Oversight Board for two

consecutive terms.

Mr. Mehra is extending his expertise as

an Independent Director and esteemed

Board Member for Havells India Limited,

DLF Limited, HT Media Limited, Chambal

Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited, Jubilant

Pharmova Limited, Zee Entertainment

Enterprises Limited, Embassy Office

Parks Management Services Private

Limited, Digicontent Limited, among other

prominent companies.

He is also on the Board of Governors of

‘Grassroot Trading Network for Women’

- a SEWA venture, and ‘The Asthma,

Bronchitis and Cancer Lung Foundation

of India’.

He graduated in 1975 with a Bachelor of

Commerce (Hons.) Degree from Sri Ram

College of Commerce, Delhi University.

He has been a fellow member of the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of

India since 1979.

Mr. Mehra had given his valuable

contribution as a member of the

Federation of Indian Chambers of

Commerce and Industry (FICCI) Steering

Committee and National Executive

Committee.

A balanced governance structure

Guided by our governance philosophy, the Board is committed to promoting

sustainable and responsible growth, contributing to our success. We have

constituted a diverse and significantly Independent Board (4/6 Directors are

independent), each member bringing years of experience and technical expertise.

Skills/Expertise

Industry

Expertise

Strategy

and

Planning

Financial and

Governance

International

Business

Other

Management

Skills

R. Gopalan

letter etc. with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorised signatory(ies) who are authorised to

vote, to the Scrutiniser by e-mail vinita@vinodkothari.com with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other

than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution/

Power of Attorney/Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board

Resolution/Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their

login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other

person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential.

Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful

attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will

need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical

User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to

reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions

(FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders

available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on

toll free no.: 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 or send a request

to at evoting@nsdl.com

Process for those shareholders whose e‑mail IDs are not registered

with the depositories for procuring user ID and password and

registration of e‑mail IDs for e‑voting for the resolutions set out in

this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No.,

Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and

back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-

attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by e-mail to shareservice@

zee.com.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID

(16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master

or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested

scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy

of Aadhar Card) to shareservice@zee.com. If you are an Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are requested

to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method

for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode.

3.

Alternatively, shareholders/members may send a request to evoting@

nsdl.com for procuring user ID and password for e-voting by providing

above-mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated 9th December 2020 on e-Voting facility

provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat

account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants.

Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and e-mail

ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e‑VOTING ON THE DAY

OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:‑

1.

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the

instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

2.

Only those Members/shareholders, who will be present in the AGM

through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on the

Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred

from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the

AGM.

3.

Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to

attend the AGM. However, they will not be eligible to vote at the AGM.

4.

The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances

connected with the facility for e-Voting on the day of the AGM shall

be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM

THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:

1.

Members will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through

VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. Members may access

by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting

system. After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM link”

placed under “Join meeting” menu against company name. You are

requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join Meeting menu.

The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login

where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that the

members who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or

have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by

following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to

avoid last minute rush.

2.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for

better experience.

3.

Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet

with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the meeting.

4.

Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices

or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may

experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective

network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN

Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

88

89

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

letter of appointment of Ms. Deepu Bansal setting out the

terms and conditions of appointment is available for inspection by the

Members on the website of the Company.

None of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and

their relatives except Ms. Deepu Bansal (whose appointment is proposed

in this resolution) are, in any way, concerned or interested financially or

otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 4 of the Notice.

Brief Profile and other details of Ms. Deepu Bansal form part of the Annexure

to the Notice.

The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 4 of the

Notice for approval of the Members.

ITEM

NO.

3

-

RATIFICATION

OF

COST

AUDITORS’

REMUNERATION

The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on 12th August

2022, based on the recommendations of the Audit Committee, approved

the appointment of M/s. Vaibhav P Joshi & Associates, Cost Accountant

(Firm registration No. 101329), as Cost Auditor of the Company (‘Cost

Auditor’) for conducting the audit of cost records of the Company, for FY

2022-23 at a remuneration of `3,00,000/- (Rupees Three Lakh only) plus

applicable taxes and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses at actuals.

In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies Act,

2013 read with Rule 14 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014,

consent of the Members is sought for the ratification of the remuneration

paid to the Cost Auditors for conducting the audit of the cost records of the

Company for the financial year 2022-23.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their

relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise,

in the resolution set out at Item No. 3 of the Notice.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 3 of

the Notice for approval of the Members.

ITEM NO. 4 - APPOINTMENT OF MS. DEEPU BANSAL

(DIN: 09497525) AS AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE

COMPANY

The Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to the recommendation

of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee (‘NRC’) is proposing to

the Members of the Company, the appointment of Ms. Deepu Bansal

(DIN: 09497525) as an Independent Director on the Board of the Company,

not liable to retire by rotation, who shall hold office for a term of 3 (three)

consecutive years commencing from 13th October 2023 to 12th October 2026.

Skills & Capabilities required for the Independent Directorship, Process

& Basis of Appointment:

The NRC had identified skills, expertise and competencies required by

the Board for the effective functioning of the Company. The Company

was on lookout for the highly skilled professionals from various fields who

would be eminently qualified for being on the Board of the Company. The

NRC with a view to further strengthen the competencies of the Board

and after considering criteria such as qualifications, skillsets, experience,

independence, knowledge, ability to devote sufficient time and attention to

the professional obligations of an Independent Director, shortlisted profiles

of selected candidates from a range of backgrounds including Corporate

Professionals, Consultants and Industrialist. The process of shortlisting and

selection of the new Independent Directors was carried out and concluded

by NRC members.

The NRC had specified that the new Board member should be one who

has deeper understanding and expertise in Accounts, finance, taxation,

governance matters, risk management, capital market and legal matters.

Accordingly, from the shortlisted candidates, the NRC selected and

recommended to the Board, the appointment of Ms. Deepu Bansal as an

Independent Director of the Company.

Ms. Deepu Bansal has over 18 years of professional experience in handling

key matters pertaining to risk management, internal audits, governance,

EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE

COMPANIES ACT, 2013

90

91

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer of CMEPL on the terms set out in the Scheme;

and amendment of the Articles of Association of CMEPL. The Scheme

is sanctioned/approved by:

•

The BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited

vide their observation letters dated 29th July 2022;

•

The Competition Commission of India vide its: letter dated 4th

October 2022;

•

Shareholders of the Company at the meeting held on 14th October

2022 convened under the directions of the National Company Law

Tribunal, Mumbai Bench (‘NCLT’);

•

The Official Liquidator by way of report dated 3rd January 2023 on

the Scheme, inter alia, stating that the affairs of the Company have

been conducted in a proper manner and raising no objections to

the Scheme;

•

The Regional

Managing Director & CEO and Independent Directors of the

Company are not liable to retire by rotation.

II.

Key Managerial Personnel

Key Managerial Personnel of the Company as on 31st March 2023

comprised of Mr. Punit Goenka,: Managing Director & CEO, Mr. Rohit

Kumar Gupta, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Ashish Agarwal, Chief

Compliance Officer & Company Secretary.

13. PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations, the

evaluation of annual performance of the Directors, Board and Board

Committees was carried out for the financial year 2022-23. The details

of the evaluation process are set out in the Corporate Governance

Report which forms part of this Annual Report.

Performance of non-independent directors, the Board as a whole

and

Managing Director of the Company does not receive any

remuneration or commission from any of its subsidiaries.

xii.

IndusInd Bank Limited (IndusInd Bank) had filed an application

for initiation of Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process

(‘CIRP’) against the Company before the NCLT, claiming

debt and default of `83.08 crore. The Company had filed an

Interlocutory Application before the NCLT seeking an outright

dismissal/ rejection of the petition filed by IndusInd Bank. The

NCLT pronounced its order admitting the Company to CIRP

on 22nd February 2023. Challenging the said Order, an appeal

was filed by Mr. Punit Goenka,: Managing Director & CEO of the

Company before the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal

(‘NCLAT’). The NCLAT directed IndusInd Bank to file its reply

and the Company to file rejoinder. The appeal was listed for

final disposal on 29th March 2023 and till that time the order

dated 22nd February 2023 passed by NCLT was stayed. On

29th March 2023, the Company and IndusInd bank entered into

a settlement agreement pursuant to which all disputes and

claims have been settled by 30th June 2023. IndusInd Bank

has also withdrawn its objection to the scheme on the basis of

the settlement. Accordingly, in view of the settlement between

the Company and IndusInd Bank, impugned order dated 22nd

February 2023, is set aside and appeal filed by IndusInd Bank

is disposed-off.

IDBI Bank Limited (IDBI Bank) had also filed an application

for initiation of CIRP against the Company before the NCLT

claiming debt and default of `149.6 crore. The Company filed

an application before the NCLT under Section 10A of the

Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (‘IBC’) seeking dismissal

of IDBI Bank’s application. The NCLT, vide order dated 19th May

2023, allowed the Company’s application under Section 10A

and dismissed IDBI Bank’s application stating that it is barred

under Section 10A of the IBC and it is not in accordance with

the intent and purport of the IBC. Challenging the said order,

IDBI Bank has filed an appeal before the NCLAT, which is listed

for hearing on 8th December 2023.

Indian Performing Right Society Ltd (‘IPRS’) had also filed an

application for initiation of CIRP against the Company, before

NCLT, claiming a default of `211.41 crore. The Company and

IPRS entered into a settlement agreement by which all disputes

and claims were settled. IPRS withdrew the application filed

under IBC and Companies Act (objecting to the approval of the

Scheme) and the NCLT disposed-off the matter by order dated

9th March 2023.

As on date, there is no proceeding pending before the NCLT

under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, for initiating

of CIRP against the Company.

xiii.

Standard Chartered Bank (SCB) had sanctioned certain

credit facilities to Siti Networks Limited (the Borrower) which

was inter-alia secured by DSRA support and undertaking of

the Company. Since, the Borrower has defaulted in its debt

repayment obligations to SCB, the Company has entered into

one-time settlement agreement with SCB in respect of DSRA

Claims/Undertaking in the interest of amicably resolving the

issues between the parties.

19. DIRECTOR’S RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

Pursuant to Section 134 of the Act, in relation to the Annual Accounts

for the financial year 2022-23, your Directors confirm that:

(a)

The Annual Accounts of the Company have been prepared on

a going concern basis;

(b)

In the preparation of the Annual Accounts, the applicable

accounting standards had been followed and there is no

material departures;

(c)

The accounting policies selected were applied consistently and

the judgements and estimates related to these annual accounts

have been made on a prudent and reasonable basis, so as to

give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company

as on 31st March, 2023, and, of the profits of the Company for

the financial year ended on that date;

(d)

Proper and sufficient care has been taken for maintenance of

adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013, to safeguard the assets of the

Company and to prevent and detect any fraud and other

irregularities;

(e)

Requisite internal financial controls to be followed by the

Company were laid down and that such internal financial

controls are adequate and operating effectively; and

(f)

Proper systems have been devised to ensure compliance with

the provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems are

adequate and are operating effectively.

20. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Employees are vital and the most valuable assets of your Company.

Your Directors value the professionalism and commitment of all

employees of the Company and place on record their appreciation

for the contribution and efforts made by all the employees in

ensuring excellent all-round performance. Your Board also thanks

and expresses its gratitude for the support and co-operation received

from all the stakeholders including viewers, producers, customers,

vendors, advertising agencies, investors, bankers and regulatory

authorities.

For and on behalf of the Board

R. Gopalan

Managing Director & CEO

1

1

3

Mr. Piyush Pandey (Ceased to be an Independent

Director and Member of CSR Committee w.e.f. 23rd

March 2023)

Independent Director

1

1

4

Mr. R. Gopalan (appointed as a Member of CSR

Committee w.e.f. 29th March 2023)

Independent Director

1

NA

3.

PROVIDE THE WEB-LINK WHERE COMPOSITION OF CSR COMMITTEE, CSR POLICY AND CSR PROJECTS APPROVED BY

THE BOARD ARE DISCLOSED ON THE WEBSITE OF THE COMPANY.

https://www.zee.com/corporate-governance/

4.

PROVIDE THE EXECUTIVE SUMMARY ALONG WITH WEB-LINK(S) OF IMPACT ASSESSMENT OF CSR PROJECTS CARRIED

OUT IN PURSUANCE OF SUB-RULE (3) OF RULE 8, IF APPLICABLE. –

The Company had appointed an independent agency to undertake impact assessment for eligible CSR activities undertaken during the financial

year 2020-21.

Below is the executive summary of the impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Corporate Social

Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 by the independent agencies:

A total of `330.82 million was allocated to enhance medical infrastructure and institutions through one-time relief contributions, contributions to

the PM CARES Fund, and collaboration with NGOs.

Implementation process of ZEE’s disaster relief programmes:

1)

Identification of Organisations

Government bodies, hospitals, and NGOs in different states were identified and reached out to by ZEE’s local teams to ask about their

requirements.

2)

Needs Identification

ZEE identified vendors/suppliers who would procure the required equipment like ambulance, PPE kits, etc. and get them delivered to the end

beneficiaries.

3)

Linking with vendors

The government bodies, hospitals and NGOs stated their requirements through a request thereafter.

4)

Deployment of Products and Services

The government bodies were responsible for where the inputs were deployed in the population.

5)

NGO Partnerships

ZEE partnered with Akshaya Patra Foundation to distribute cooked meals and disbursed their funds to them directly and with Givelndia in

the coordination and disbursement of COVID-19 equipment as well as in the setting up of the isolation facility in Mumbai

The detailed impact assessment report(s) can be accessed on the website of the Company at https://assets.zee.com/wp-content/

uploads/2023/11/07195648/Zee-Impact-report-2.pdf.

5.

(a)

Average net profit of the Company as per sub‑section 5 of Section 135 – `18,73,64,22,054

(b)

Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per sub‑section 5 of Section 135 – `37,47,28,441

(c)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years - Nil

(d)

Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any - Nil

(e)

Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)‑(d)] – `37,47,28,441

6.

(a)

Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project). - `36,84,09,566

(b)

Amount spent in Administrative overheads. - `63,18,875

(c)

Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable. – Not Applicable

(d)

Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]. - `37,47,28,441

(e)

CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:

Amount Unspent (in `)

Total Amount Spent for the

Financial Year. (in `)

Total Amount transferred to Unspent CSR

Account as per sub-section (6) of Section

135.

Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule VII as

per second proviso to sub-section 5 of Section 135.

Amount

Date of transfer

Name of the Fund

Amount

Date of transfer

37,47,28,441

11,90,65,303

27th April 2023

Not Applicable

(f)

Excess amount for set off, if any –

Sr.

No.

Particular

Amount (in `)

(1)

(2)

(3)

(i)

Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of Section 135

Not Applicable

(ii)

Total amount spent for the Financial Year

(iii)

Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]

(iv)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years, if any

(v)

Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)]

7.

DETAILS OF UNSPENT CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AMOUNT FOR THE PRECEDING THREE FINANCIAL YEARS:

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

Sr.

No.

Preceding

Financial

Year(s).

Amount transferred to

Unspent CSR Account

under sub-section 6 of

Section 135 (in `)

Balance Amount

in Unspent CSR

Account under

sub-section (6)

of Section 135

(in `)

Amount spent

in the Financial

Year (in `).

Amount transferred to a

fund as specified under

Schedule VII as per second

proviso to sub-section (5) of

Section 135, if any.

Amount remaining

to be spent in

succeeding financial

years. (in `)

Deficiency, if any

Amount (in `).

Date of

transfer

1

FY 2020-21

9,69,00,000

7,25,10,485

2,43,89,515

NA

7,25,10,485

NA

2

FY 2021-22

17,90,00,000

5,60,98,333

12,29,01,667

5,60,98,333

Total

27,59,00,000

12,86,08,818

14,72,91,182

12,86,08,818

108

109

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 01179921

DIN: 00031263

Place: Mumbai

Date : 21st November 2023

Annexure ‘D’ to Directors’ Report

Form No. MR‑3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

For the financial year ended 31st March 2023

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,

The Members,

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited.

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable

statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices by

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited (hereinafter called “the Company”)

for the financial year ended 31st March 2023 [“period under review”]. The

secretarial audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable

basis for evaluating the corporate conduct/statutory compliances and

expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minutes, forms

and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company as listed in

Annexure II and also the information provided by the Company, its officers,

agents and authorised representatives during the conduct of secretarial

audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the

period under review, has complied with the statutory provisions listed

hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and

compliance-mechanism in place.

We have examined the books, papers, minutes, forms and returns filed and

other records maintained by the Company for the period under review,

according to the provisions of applicable law provided hereunder:

1.

The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the rules made thereunder

including any re-enactment thereof;

2.

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules

made thereunder;

3.

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed

thereunder;

4.

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and

regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct

Investment and Overseas Direct Investment;

5.

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’), to the

extent applicable:

a.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing

Regulations’);

b.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial

Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 (‘SAST

Regulations’);

c.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 (‘PIT Regulations’);

d.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share-Based

Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021;

e.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories &

Participants) Regulations, 2018; and

f.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an

Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations,1993 regarding

the Act and dealing with client.

6.

Specific laws applicable to the industry to which the Company

belongs, as identified and compliance whereof as confirmed by the

management, that is to say:

a.

Policy Guidelines for Uplinking of Television Channels issued

by the Ministry of Information & Broadcasting;

b.

Policy Guidelines for Downlinking of Television Channels issued

by the Ministry of Information & Broadcasting;

c.

The Telecommunication (Broadcasting and Cable) Services

Register of Interconnection Agreements and All Such Other

Matters Regulations, 2019;

d.

The Telecommunication (Broadcasting and Cable) Services

Interconnection (Addressable Systems) Regulations, 2017 read

with amendments;

e.

The Telecommunication (Broadcasting and Cable) Services

Standards of Quality of Service and Consumer Protection

(Addressable Systems) Regulations, 2017 read with

amendments;

f.

The Telecommunication (Broadcasting and Cable) Services

(Eighth) (Addressable Systems) Tariff Order, 2017 read with

amendments;

g.

The Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Act, 1995 read with

Amendments and the Cable Television Network Rules, 1994

read with amendments;

We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the

Secretarial Standard 1 and 2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries

of India.

We report that during the period under review, the Company has complied

with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards

etc. mentioned above.

Note 1: During the period under review, the remuneration paid to the

executive director, who is a member of the promoter group, exceeded the

limits specified in Reg. 17 (6) (e) of Listing Regulations which was ascertained

upon approval of audited financial statements. Consequently, as confirmed

by the Company, approval of shareholders for the same by way of special

resolution will be obtained in due course by the Company.

Note 2: During the period under review, SEBI issued a show cause

notice dated 6th July 2022 to the Company, Mr. Subhash Chandra, former

110

111

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director &

CEO of the Company for alleged violation of certain provisions of Reg. 4

and Reg. 30 of the Listing Regulations during earlier years.

In this regard, while the investigation is underway, SEBI passed an interim

ex-parte order on 12th June 2023 that Mr. Subhash Chandra and Mr. Punit

Goenka shall cease to hold the position of a director or a key managerial

personnel in any listed company or its subsidiaries until further orders.

On 14th August 2023, SEBI passed the Confirmatory Order, modifying the

interim order, that Mr. Subhash Chandra and Mr. Punit Goenka shall not hold

a position of a director or KMP in the Company and other companies listed

in para 108(ii) of the Confirmatory Order, which was appealed by Mr. Punit

Goenka before the Securities Appellate Tribunal (‘SAT’). The SAT vide its

order dated 30th October 2023 set aside the impugned order in case of

Mr. Punit Goenka.

We further report that:

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper

balance of Executive Directors, Non-executive Directors and Independent

Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that

took place during the period under review, were carried out in compliance

with the provisions of the Act and other applicable laws.

Adequate notice is given to all directors to hold the Board and Committee

meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven

days in advance, except in cases where the meetings were held at shorter

notice, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and

clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful

participation at the meeting.

All the decisions were unanimous and there was no instance of dissent in

the Board and/or Committee meetings.

We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the

Company, which commensurate with its size and operations to monitor and

ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

We further report that during the period under review, the Company has

not undertaken any specific events/ actions that can have a major bearing

on the Company’s compliance responsibility in pursuance of the above

referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc., except as

follows:

1.

Issue of Equity Shares under ESOP Scheme:

During the period under review, the Company allotted 3,705 Equity

Shares of Re. 1 each on 11th April 2022 in accordance with ZEEL ESOP

Scheme 2009 (as modified in 2016).

2.

Termination of ZEEL ESOP Scheme 2009:

As part of the conditions precedent as per the Merger Cooperation

Agreement amongst the Company, Bangla Entertainment Private

Limited (‘BEPL’) and Culver Max Entertainment Private Limited

(‘CMEPL’), the Board of directors in its meeting held on 11th November

2022 approved the termination of ZEEL ESOP Scheme 2009 with

immediate effect.

3.

Scheme of Arrangement:

The Board of Directors, in their meeting held on 21st December 2021,

approved the Composite Scheme of Arrangement under Sections

230 – 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Scheme’) amongst the

Company, BEPL and CMEPL. The Company received observation

letters from the stock exchanges on 29th July 2022. Upon receipt of

an Order from the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai

Bench (‘Hon’ble NCLT’) on 7th September 2022 inter-alia directing

the Company for convening the meeting of equity shareholders and

the Company received approval from its equity shareholders with

requisite majority on 14th October 2022. The Company received the

approval of Competition Commission of India on 4th October 2022.

Approval of Hon’ble NCLT, Mumbai Bench for the Scheme was

received on 10th August 2023. The Scheme shall become effective

upon fulfilment of all conditions precedent mentioned in the Scheme.

4.

Status of applications filed under Insolvency and Bankruptcy

Code, 2016 (‘IBC’) for initiation of Corporate Insolvency

Resolution Process (‘CIRP’) against the Company with National

Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai bench (‘NCLT’):

IndusInd Bank had filed an application for initiation of CIRP against

the Company before the NCLT, claiming debt and default of `83.08

crore. The Company had filed an Interlocutory Application before the

NCLT seeking an outright dismissal/ rejection of the petition filed by

IndusInd. The NCLT pronounced its order admitting the Company to

CIRP on 22nd February 2023. Challenging this Order, an appeal was

filed by Mr. Punit Goenka before the National Company Law Appellate

Tribunal (‘NCLAT’). NCLAT directed IndusInd Bank to file its reply and

the Company to file rejoinder. The appeal was listed for final disposal

on 29th March 2023 and till that time the order dated 22nd February

2023 passed by NCLT was stayed. On 29th March 2023, the Company

and IndusInd bank entered into a settlement agreement pursuant to

which all disputes and claims have been settled by 30th June 2023.

IndusInd Bank has also withdrawn its objection to the scheme on

the basis of the settlement. Accordingly, in view of the settlement

between the Company and IndusInd Bank Limited, impugned order

dated 22nd February 2023, is set aside and appeal filed by IndusInd

Bank Limited is disposed of.

IDBI Bank Limited (‘IDBI Bank’) had also filed an application for

initiation of CIRP against the Company before NCLT claiming debt

and default of `149.6 crore. The Company filed an application before

the NCLT under Section 10A of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code,

2016 (‘IBC’) seeking dismissal of IDBI Bank’s application. The NCLT,

vide order dated 19th May 2023, allowed the Company’s application

under Section 10A and dismissed IDBI Bank’s application stating that

it is barred under Section 10A of IBC and it is not in accordance with

the intent and purport of IBC. Challenging the said Order, IDBI Bank

has filed an appeal before NCLAT, which is listed for hearing on 31st

October 2023.

Indian Performing Right Society Ltd (‘IPRS’) had also filed an application

for initiation of CIRP against the Company, before the NCLT, claiming

a default of `211.41 crore. The Company and IPRS entered into a

settlement agreement by which all disputes and claims were settled.

IPRS withdrew the application filed under IBC and Companies Act

(objecting to the approval of the scheme) and the NCLT disposed the

matter by order dated 9th March 2023.

As on date, there is no proceeding pending before the NCLT under the

Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, for initiating of CIRP against

the Company.

5.

Inspection by MCA

An inspection under Section 206(5) of the Act was initiated by the

Office of Regional Director, Western Region during FY 2019-20. The

Company submitted all the required documents and information

with the said office and no further communication was received in

this regard.

6.

Settlement applications filed with SEBI for Show Cause Notice

(s) (‘SCNs’) issued by SEBI to the Company for alleged violation

of certain SEBI Regulations:

a.

PIT Regulations:

During the period under review, SEBI issued the SCN dated 15th

July 2022 alleging that the Company made delayed disclosure

to Stock Exchanges with respect to invocation of pledged shares

and therefore, the Company alleged to have violated Regulation

7(2)(b) of the PIT Regulations. In order to put an end to the

litigation, a settlement application was filed by the Company

on 19th September 2022 with SEBI in terms of the provisions

of SEBI (Settlement Proceedings) Regulations, 2018 without

admitting or denying the findings of fact and conclusions of

law. The Company has paid an amount of `7,00,000 towards

the settlement. SEBI issued the settlement order in this regard

on 21st June 2023.

b.

Listing Regulations:

During the period under review, SEBI issued SCN dated 6th

July 2022 to the Company for alleged violation of Regulations

4 (1) (j) read with 30 of the Listing Regulations read with clause

2 of the uniform listing agreement by the Company for failure

to inform about material information relating to outstanding

amounts from few related parties, appropriation of its `200

crores Fixed Deposit by Yes Bank and letters of comfort issued

by: Managing

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit. The list of

documents for the purpose, as seen by us, is listed in Annexure II;

2.

We have followed the audit practices and the processes as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done

on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion;

3.

Our Audit examination is restricted only up to legal compliances of

the applicable laws to be done by the Company, we have not checked

the practical aspects relating to the same.

4.

Wherever our Audit has required our examination of books and records

maintained by the Company, we have also relied upon electronic

versions of such books and records, as provided to us through

online communication. Considering the effectiveness of information

technology tools in the audit processes, we have conducted online

verification and examination of records, as facilitated by the Company,

for the purpose of issuing this Report. In doing so, we have followed

the guidance as issued by the Institute.

5.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial

records and books of account of the Company as well as correctness

of the values and figures reported in various disclosures and returns

as required to be submitted by the Company under the specified laws,

though we have relied to a certain extent on the information furnished

in such returns.

6.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation

about the compliance of laws, rules and regulation and happening of

events etc.

7.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable

laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of the

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of

procedure on test-check basis.

8.

Due to the inherent limitations of an audit including internal, financial,

and operating controls, there is an unavoidable risk that some

misstatements or material non-compliances may not be detected,

even though the audit is properly planned and performed in

accordance with audit practices.

9.

The contents of this Report have to be read in conjunction with and

not in isolation of the observations, if any, in the report(s) furnished/to

be furnished by any other auditor(s)/agencies/authorities with respect

to the Company.

10.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future

viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Annexure II

List of Documents

1.

Signed Minutes for the meetings of the following held during the

period under review (except for the meetings held in Q4):

a.

Board of Directors dated 26th May 2022, 12th August 2022, 11th

November 2022 and 13th February 2023;

b.

Audit Committee dated 12th May 2022, 25th May 2022, 11th

August 2022, 1st November 2022, 10th November 2022 and

13th February 2023;

c.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee dated 26th May 2022

and 5th August 2022;

d.

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee dated 26th May 2022,

11th August 2022, 13th September 2022 and 13th February 2023;

e.

Risk Management Committee dated 16th May 2022, 11th August

2022 and 6th February 2023;

f.

Corporate Social Responsibility dated 3rd August 2022;

g.

Corporate Management Committee and Merger Implementation

Committee;

2.

Proceedings of Annual General Meeting dated 30th September

2022 and NCLT convened meeting of the Equity Shareholders dated

14th October 2022;

3.

Agenda papers for Board and Committee Meeting along with notice

on a sample basis;

4.

Proof of circulation of draft minutes of the Board and Committee

meetings on a sample basis;

5.

Annual Report for the financial year 2021-22;

6.

Directors’ disclosures under the Act and rules made thereunder;

7.

Statutory Registers under the Act;

8.

Forms filed with the ROC and intimations made to stock exchanges;

9.

Policies/ Codes framed and disclosures under SEBI regulations;

10.

Structured Digital Database maintained by the Company and entries

made therein, on a sample basis;

11.

Forms filed under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, Rules and

Regulations made thereunder with Authorised Dealer Bank and RBI.

114

115

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director &

CEO, prepares and finalises the agenda of the board meetings. For

all major agenda items, relevant and comprehensive background

information along with the agenda are provided well in advance of

the date of the Board Meeting(s) to enable the Board members to take

informed decisions. Any board Member may, in consultation with the

Chairman and with the consent of all Independent Directors present

at the meeting, bring up any matter at the meeting for consideration

by the Board. Senior Management Personnel are invited from time

to time to the Board meetings to make presentations on relevant

issues or provide necessary insights into the operations/working of

the Company and corporate strategies.

The Board/Committee meetings are pre-scheduled and a tentative

annual calendar of the Board and Committee meetings is circulated to

the Directors well in advance to facilitate them to plan their schedule

and to ensure meaningful participation in the meetings. However, in

case of special and urgent business needs, the Board’s approval is

taken by passing resolutions by circulation, as permitted by law, which

are noted and confirmed in the subsequent Board Meeting. During

the financial year 2022-23, most of the meetings of the Board were

held through video conference in accordance with the provisions

of law and the relaxations granted by the Ministry of Corporate

Affairs (‘MCA’).

The Company has followed the mandatory requirements of Secretarial

Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India

(‘ICSI’) and guidelines/circulars issued by MCA from time to time in

relation to conduct of meetings of the Board, its committees and AGM

through Video Conferencing and/or Other Audio-Visual Means.

All relevant information required to be placed before the Board as per

Listing Regulations are considered and taken on record/approved by

the Board. The Board reviews and guides the Company in strategic

matters, risk policy and oversees the process of disclosure and

communications to maintain the highest standards of ethical conduct

and integrity. Additionally, the Board periodically reviews Compliance

Reports in respect of various laws and regulations applicable to

the Company.

c.

Independent Directors’ Meeting & Board Evaluation Process

Schedule IV of the Act and the Rules thereunder mandate the

Independent Directors of the Company to hold at least one meeting

in a year, without the attendance of non-independent directors and

members of the management. The main objective of such meetings

is to evaluate the performance of the chairman, the non-independent

directors and the overall performance of the board and its committees

by the independent directors.

The meeting of Independent Directors was held on 23rd May 2023

and was chaired by Mr. R. Gopalan.

At such meetings, apart from conducting performance evaluation, the

Independent Directors assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness

of flow of information between the Company’s management and

the Board that is necessary for the Board to perform their duties

effectively and reasonably.

The performance evaluation by the Independent Directors was

carried out based on an assessment sheet structured in line with

the guidance notes issued by the ICSI. The guidance note issued by

SEBI in this regard was also circulated to Independent Directors in

advance.

The parameters for evaluation of performance of the Board & Board

Committees includes the structure & composition, contents of agenda

for the meeting, quality and timeliness of information provided,

the decision-making process & review thereof, attention to the

Company’s long-term strategic issues, evaluation of strategic risks,

overseeing and guiding major plans of action, corporate restructuring,

acquisitions, divestment etc. The outcome of the evaluation exercise

was discussed at a subsequent board meeting. The Board has also

expressed satisfaction over the evaluation process.

d.: Letter of appointment issued to Independent Directors

The Independent Directors on the Board of the Company are

given a formal appointment letter, inter alia containing the term of

appointment, role, duties and responsibilities, time commitment,

remuneration, insurance, code of conduct, training and development,

performance evaluation process, disclosure, confidentiality etc. The

terms and conditions of appointment of Independent Directors are

available on the Company’s website at www.zee.com.

e.

Familiarisation Programme for Independent Directors

The Company conducts familiarisation programme for its directors

from time to time to ensure that the Non-executive Directors are

updated on the business and regulatory environment and the overall

operations of the Company. This enables the Non-executive Directors

to make better informed decisions in the interest of the Company and

its stakeholders.

The Executive Director and Senior Management conduct orientation

programmes with new Directors in order to familiarise them with the

Company, its subsidiaries, associate companies and the management.

While review and approval of quarterly and annual financial

statements of the Company are taken up, detailed presentation

covering inter alia economy and industry overview, key regulatory

developments, strategy and performance of individual channels/profit

centres is made to the Board.

An overview of the familiarisation programme during the year has

been placed on the website of the Company at www.zee.com.

f.

Code of Conduct

The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for the Members of the

Board and Senior Management, in conformity with the requirements

of the listing regulations. All the Directors and Members of the

Senior Management as defined in the said Code have affirmed their

adherence to the provisions of the Code. A copy of the Code is placed

on the website of the Company at Code-of-Conduct-for-Board-

and-SMP.

Besides the Code, the Company also has a Policy on Ethics at

Workplace which is applicable to all employees.

The declaration affirming compliance with the Code of Conduct by the Members of the Board and Senior Management Personnel is given below:

DECLARATION

I confirm that the Company has obtained from the Directors and Senior Management Personnel of the Company, their affirmation of compliance with the

Code of Conduct for the Board of Directors and Senior Management of the Company, for the financial year ended 31st March 2023.

Punit Goenka

Managing Director & CEO

Mumbai, 25th May 2023

g.

Dividend Distribution Policy

In line with the requirements of the Listing Regulations, the Board has approved and adopted the Dividend Distribution Policy. The Dividend

Distribution Policy is available on the website of the Company at ZEEL Dividend-Distribution-Policy.pdf.

3.

BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board Committees play a crucial role in the governance structure of the Company and have been constituted to deal with specific areas/

activities as mandated by applicable rules and regulations, which concern the Company and need a closer review. Each Committee of the Board

is guided by its terms of reference, which defines the scope, powers, responsibilities and composition of the Committee. The Chairperson of the

respective Committee(s) brief the Board about the summary of the discussions held at the Committee meetings. The minutes of the meetings of all

Committees are placed before the Board for its review and noting. The details of meetings of the Committees constituted by the Board held during

the financial year under review along with attendance of the members at such committee meeting(s) are as mentioned herein:

Name of the Directors

Audit Committee

Nomination &

Remuneration

Committee

Stakeholders

Relationship

Committee

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Committee

Risk Management

Committee

No. of Meeting’s held

6

2

4

1

3

Directors’ Attendance

Mr. Punit Goenka

NA

NA

4/4

1/1

NA

Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta

6/6

NA

NA

NA

3/3

Mr. R. Gopalan

6/6

NA

NA

NA

3/3

Mr. Piyush Pandey

NA

2/2

3/4

1/1

NA

Ms. Alicia Yi

NA

2/2

NA

NA

NA

Mr. Vivek Mehra

6/6

NA

NA

NA

NA

Mr. Sasha Mirchandani

NA

2/2

4/4

1/1

2/3

Notes:

1.

NA denotes that the Director is not a Member of such Committee.

2.

Mr. Piyush Pandey ceased to be member of Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee and

Managing Director & CEO

The details of the remuneration paid to Mr. Punit Goenka,: Managing Director & CEO of the Company during the year

ended 31st March 2023 is as under:

Particulars

Amount (` million)

Salary & Allowances

210.20

Variable Pay

90.49

One time payment

50.00

Provident Fund Contribution

0.02

Total

350.71

Remuneration to Non‑executive Directors

During financial year 2022-23, Non-executive Directors were

paid sitting fees of `30,000 for attending each meeting(s) of

the Board and Committees thereof, other than Stakeholders

Relationship Committee, Finance Sub-Committee and ESOP

Allotment Sub-Committee.

The Non-executive Directors are additionally entitled to

remuneration by way of Commission of up to 1% of net profits of

the Company, as approved by the Members in the AGM held on

18th September 2020. Within the aforesaid limit, the commission

payable each year is determined by the Board based inter alia

on the performance of, and regulatory provisions applicable

to the Company. As per the current policy, the Company pays

commission to Non-executive Directors on a pro-rata basis.

Details of the sitting fees paid and commission payable to the

Non-executive Directors of the Company for Financial Year

2022-23 as approved by the Board are as under:

(` million)

Name of Director

Sitting Fees

Paid

Commission

Paid

Total

Mr. R. Gopalan

0.42

7.19

7.61

Mr. Adesh

Kumar Gupta

0.39

7.19

7.58

Mr. Piyush

Pandey

0.21

5.63

5.84

Ms. Alicia Yi

0.18

5.75

5.93

Mr. Vivek Mehra

0.33

7.19

7.52

Mr. Sasha

Mirchandani

0.24

5.75

5.99

Total

1.77

38.70

40.47

The Non-executive Independent Directors of the Company

do not have any other material pecuniary relationship or

transactions with the Company or its directors, senior

management, subsidiary or associate, other than in the normal

course of business.

III.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Constitution

As at 31st March 2023, the Stakeholders Relationship Committee

of the Board comprised of 3 (three) Directors including

Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta, Non-executive Non-independent

Director as

Managing Director & CEO as its Members.

With effect from 23rd March 2023, Mr. Piyush Pandey ceased to

be a Director of the Company upon completion of his first term

as an Independent Director and also ceased to be member of

the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee. Mr. R. Gopalan

was appointed as member of the Committee effective 29th

March 2023 in place of Mr. Piyush Pandey

During the year under review, the CSR Committee met on

3rd August 2022.

Terms of reference

Terms of reference and the scope of the CSR Committee

inter alia include (a) to consider and approve the proposals

for CSR spends; and (b) to review monitoring reports on the

implementation of CSR projects funded by the Company.

•

Non‑Statutory Committees

In addition to the above-mentioned Statutory Committees, the Board

has also constituted following non-statutory committees to exercise

powers delegated by the Board as per the scope mentioned herein:

i.

Finance Sub‑Committee

This Committee was constituted with a view to facilitate monitoring

and expediting any debt fund raising process, approve financing

facilities that may be sanctioned and/or renewed to the Company

by various Banks and/or Indian Financial Institutions from time to

time and exercising such other authorities as may be delegated

by the Board from time to time.

As at 31st March 2023, the Finance Sub-Committee comprised

of 3(three) Directors including Mr. Punit Goenka, Managing

Director & CEO as Chairman and Mr. Vivek Mehra, Independent

Director and Mr. Sasha Mirchandani, Independent Director as its

Members.

The Finance Sub-Committee met as and when required to

deliberate and decide on various matters within their respective

scope or powers delegated by the Board.

holders, resolving investors grievances/complaints; review

measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights; review

adherence of service standards by Company and Registrar

and Transfer Agent (‘RTA’) and review management actions for

reducing unclaimed dividend/shares etc.

The Committee has delegated the power for approving

requests for transfer, rematerialisation and dematerialisation

etc. of shares of the Company in the normal course of business

to the RTA.

Details of number of requests/complaints received from

investors and resolved during the year ended 31st March 2023,

are as under:

Nature of

Correspondence

Received

Replied/

Resolved

Pending

Non-receipt

of Dividend

Warrant(s)

11

11

0

Non-receipt of

Shares

2

2

0

Non-receipt of

Annual Report

3

3

0: Letter received

from SEBI/Stock

Exchanges

4

4

0

Total

20

20

0

Mr. Ashish Agarwal, Company Secretary has been appointed

as Compliance Officer pursuant to the Listing Regulations. The

designated e-mail for investor service and correspondence is

shareservice@zee.com.

IV.

Risk Management Committee

Constitution

As at 31st March 2023, the Risk Management Committee of the

Board comprised of Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta, Non-executive

Director as its

letter No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/OW/P/2022/ 64923

dated 30th December 2022, had issued Guidelines with respect

to procedural aspects of ‘Suspense Escrow Demat Account’ to be

opened by listed entities pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/

MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/6 dated 25th January 2022,

latest by 31st January 2023. The Company has opened the ‘Zee

Entertainment Enterprises Limited - Suspense Escrow Demat Account’

within the stipulated timeline.

13. SHARE TRANSFER SYSTEM

The Company has sent individual letters to all the members holding

shares of the Company in physical form for furnishing their PAN,

KYC details and Nomination pursuant to SEBI Circular No SEBI/HO/

MIRSD/ MIRSD_RTAMB/ P/CIR/2021/655 dated 3rd November 2021.

The aforesaid: letter is also available on the Company’s website.

Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/ HO/

MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated 25th January 2022

has mandated the Listed Companies to issue securities in demat

form only while processing service requests viz. Issue of duplicate

securities certificate; claim from Unclaimed Suspense Account;

Renewal/ Exchange of securities certificate; Endorsement; Sub-

division/ Splitting of securities certificate; Consolidation of securities

certificates/folios; Transmission and Transposition.

Accordingly, Shareholders are requested to make service requests by

submitting a duly filled and signed Form ISR – 4, the format of which

is available on the Company’s website www.zee.com under Investor

Section. It may be noted that any service request can be processed

only after the folio is KYC compliant.

SEBI, vide its notification dated 24th January 2022, has mandated

that all requests for transfer of securities including transmission and

transposition requests shall be processed only in dematerialised form.

In view of the same and to eliminate all risks associated with physical

shares and avail various benefits of dematerialisation, Members are

advised to dematerialise the shares held by them in physical form.

Members can contact the Company or RTA, for assistance in this regard.

14. DEMATERIALISATION OF SHARES & LIQUIDITY

The Company’s Equity Share are compulsorily traded in electronic

(dematerialised) form on NSE and BSE. As at 31st March 2023, 99.91%

of the Equity Share Capital of the Company was held in electronic

form. Under the Depository system, the ISIN allotted to Company’s

Equity Shares is INE256A01028. Entire equity shareholding of the

entities forming part of promoter/promoter group of the Company is

held in dematerialised form.

15. SUB-DIVISION / CONSOLIDATION

Sub‑division of Equity Shares

Pursuant to the approval of the Members at the meeting held on 25th

October 1999, the Company had sub-divided the nominal face value

of its equity shares from `10/- per share to `1/- per share, with effect

from 6th December 1999. Subsequently, trading in equity shares of

`1/- each commenced and the equity shares of `10/- each ceased to

trade on the Exchanges.

Shareholders who could not exchange their old equity certificates,

should write to the Company or its RTA requesting for sub-divided

shares. Upon receipt of the request, letter of confirmation (LOC) will be

issued by the RTA, as per the new SEBI requirement, confirming the

ownership of the shares. Within a period of 120 days from the date of

LOC, the shareholder is required to submit the demat request, along

with the original LOC to the Depository Participant (DP) who would

generate a demat request on the basis of such LOC and forward the

same to the RTA for processing the demat request.

Two reminders shall be sent by the RTA at the end of 45 days and 90

days to the security holder post which the physical securities shall be

transferred to Suspense Escrow Demat Account of the Company.

126

127

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

1st January 2005

3.

Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta

00020403

Non-executive - Non-independent Director

30th December 2021

4.

Ms. Alicia Yi

08734283

Non-executive - Independent Director

24th April 2020

5.

Mr. Sasha Gulu Mirchandani

01179921

Non-executive - Independent Director

24th December 2020

6.

Mr. Vivek Mehra

00101328

Non-executive - Independent Director

24th December 2020

Note 1: During the period under review, SEBI issued a show cause notice dated 6th July 2022 to the Company, Mr. Subhash Chandra, former Chairperson

of the Company and Mr. Punit Goenka,: Managing

Managing Director &

CEO from time to time.

3. Do the enlisted policies extend to your value chain

partners? (Yes/No)

Yes. Some of our policies such as Code of Conduct, CSR policy, Whistle-blower & Vigil

Mechanism Policy, Gifts & entertainment policy, information security policy, Employee

health and safety policy, etc. are extended to our value chain partners. Though not all

company’s Policies/initiatives applied to vendors/ suppliers, the Company follows zero

tolerance on any acts of bribery, corruption etc. by such agencies during their dealings

with the Company and/ or with any of its employees.

4. Name of the national and international codes/

certifications/ labels/ standards (e.g. Forest Stewardship

Council, Fairtrade, Rainforest Alliance, Trustee) standards

(e.g. SA 8000, OHSAS, ISO, BIS) adopted by your entity

and mapped to each principle

Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 103 on ‘Business Combinations, Standards

on Auditing (SAs) specified under Section 143 (10) of the Act, ICAI. Implemented

Information Security Management System (ISMS) and received ISO 27001 standard

certification for ISMS.

5. Specific commitments, goals and targets set by the entity

with defined timelines, if any

The goals and targets are updated on a periodic basis by the Company.

6. Performance of the entity against the specific

commitments, goals, and targets along-with reasons in

case the same are not met.

The policies have helped in building a high-trust, high-performance culture.

140

141

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE:

Managing Director & CEO

9. Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/

Director responsible for decision-making on sustainability

related issues? (Yes/No). If yes, provide details.

Response: Our board committees look at all dimensions of ESG via Audit Committee

(AC), CSR Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC), Stakeholders

Redressal Committee (SRC), and Risk Management Committee (RMC). Our board

committee scrutinise the aspects of ESG on regular intervals, such as RMC identifies

ESG material issues, ongoing CSR projects/fundings, etc.

10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:

Subject for Review

Indicate whether review was undertaken by Director/

Committee of the Board/ Any other Committee

Frequency

(Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/ Any other – please specify)

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

Performance against above

policies and follow up

action

Board of Directors/Committees of the Board

As and when required

Compliance with statutory

requirements of relevance

to the principles, and

rectification of any

non-compliances

Board of Directors/Committees of the Board

Quarterly

11.

Has the entity carried out independent assessment/ evaluation of the working of its policies by an external agency? (Yes/No). If yes,

provide name of the agency.

Response: Yes. The Company consults the external agencies on a need basis and most of the policies are evaluated regularly by the CEO and/or

respective Senior Executives.

12. If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:

Response: NA

SECTION C: PRINCIPLE-WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE

PRINCIPLE 1

Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is ethical, transparent, and accountable.

Essential Indicators

1.

Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the principles during the financial year:

Segment

Total number

of training and

awareness

programmes held

Topics/principles covered under the training and its impact

Percentage

of persons

in respective

category covered

by the awareness

programmes

Board of Directors (BoD)

1

Amendment of Related Party provisions as per revised SEBI LODR

Regulation, Business Update and Financial Updated

100%

Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)

1

Code of Conduct

100%

Employees other than BoD and

KMPs

11

Code of conduct, Business ethics, transparency, sustainability,

well-being, stakeholder management, human rights, environment

protection, public relations, Inclusive growth, Customer Value

86.3%

Workers

NA

NA

NA

2.

Details of fines/ penalties/ punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the entity or by

directors/KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the financial year, in the following format

(Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the entity’s website):

Penalty/ Fine

NGRBC

Principle

Name of the

regulatory/

enforcement

agencies/

judicial

institutions

Amount

(In J)

Brief of the Case

Has an appeal been

preferred?

MONETARY

Settlement

SEBI

7,00,000

SEBI issued the Show Cause Notice dated 15th July 2022,

alleging inter alia that the Company made delayed

disclosures to Stock Exchanges with respect to invocation

of pledged shares and therefore, the Company allegedly

violated Regulation 7(2)(b) of the PIT Regulations. A

Settlement application was filed by the Company with SEBI

in terms of the provisions of SEBI (Settlement Proceedings)

Regulations, 2018 without admitting or denying the findings

of fact and conclusions of law. The Company has paid

an amount of `7 lakh towards Settlement charges and is

awaiting the final Order.

No. the matter is

settled with SEBI

Compounding

fee

50,70,000

SEBI issued show cause notice dated 22nd December 2022, to

Mr. Punit Goenka,: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive officer (MD & CEO) has been shown in KMP.

KMP includes MD and CEO, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Company Secretary (CS).

**Employees include 24 employees of ZSL.

4.

Do you have a focal point (Individual/Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or contributed

to by the business? (Yes/No).

Response: Yes; the employee can reach out to their immediate reporting manager or business/cluster head and/or HR for any grievance.

5.

Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.

Response: The internal mechanism at place to redress grievances related to human rights is:

•

The grievances can be reported to the specified email IDs available internally.

•

Any grievances related to code of conduct (CoC) can also be raised through the internal email Ids.

•

Grievances can be addressed to HR Single point of contact (SPOC) / HRBP.

6.

Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:

Category

FY 2022-23

FY 2021-22

Filed during

the year

Pending

resolution at the

end of year

Remarks

Filed during

the year

Pending

resolution at the

end of year

Remarks

Sexual Harassment

1

0

The case was

resolved.

2

0

All the cases

were resolved.

Discrimination at workplace

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Forced Labour/Involuntary

Labour

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Wages

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Other human rights related

issues

7

0

All the cases

were resolved.

3

0

All the cases

were resolved.

7.

Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.

Response: ZEE strictly prohibits retaliation against a subject who, in good faith, files a complaint.

8.

Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)

Response: There is no specific clause on human rights requirement in agreements and contracts, however for individual based agreements there

are clauses which covers obligations to comply with all applicable laws.

9.

Assessments for the year:

Percentage of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)

Child Labour

100%

Central compliance team internally seek confirmation from all ZEE offices on “No child labour” policy.

Forced/involuntary labour

100%

Internal assessments are conducted.

Sexual harassment

100%

Assessment through training awareness session on POSH requirements for all employees is conducted annually.

Discrimination at workplace

100%

Internal assessments are conducted.

Wages

100%

Internally an assessment on wages is conducted to ensure pay above minimum wages to all employees.

Others – please specify

Nil

10. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising from the assessments at

Question 9 above.

Response: Not applicable.

152

153

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE:

letter of comfort, evaluating credit worthiness of erstwhile

related parties, assessment of required expected credit loss and provision

for receivables and ICDs given to/ on-behalf of erstwhile related parties;

•

Tested the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over

management process for evaluating credit worthiness of related parties/

erstwhile related parties, expected credit loss provision, assessment of

provision, contingent liability in case of legal disputes;

•

Evaluated management’s current assessment of relationship of the

Company with such parties;

•

Assessed management’s conclusions through discussions held with the

inhouse legal counsel and understanding precedents in similar cases;

•

Obtained and evaluated the independent confirmations from the

consultants representing the Company before the various authorities;

•

Obtained the evidences of receipt of trade receivables from one of the

erstwhile related party vis-à-vis the payment plan submitted in previous year;

•

Obtained notices received, reply filed by the company with various courts

and NCLT. Also, obtained settlement agreements with these parties;

•

Evaluated adequacy of provisions created by management on receivables,

investments and ICDs.

•

Verified the collection made by the company for related parties/ erstwhile

related parties and reversal of provision created for expected credit loss.

•

Assessed the amounts provided for such receivables is adequate to cover

any further financial loss;

•

Obtained direct balance confirmations from erstwhile related parties.

•

Evaluated the adequacy of disclosures given in the standalone financial

statements, including disclosure of exceptional items, contingent

liabilities and movement in provision created.

INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AND AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON

6.

The Company’s Board of Directors are responsible for the other

information. The other information comprises the information

included in the Annual Report but does not include the standalone

financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The Annual

Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this

auditor’s report.

Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover

the other information and we will not express any form of assurance

conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements,

our responsibility is to read the other information identified above

when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the

other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone

financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or

otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

When we read the Annual Report, if we conclude that there is a

material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the

matter to those charged with governance.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND THOSE CHARGED

WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

7.

The accompanying standalone financial statements have been

approved by the Company’s Board of Directors. The Company’s

Board of Directors are responsible for the matters stated in Section

134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation and presentation

of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair

view of the financial position, financial performance including other

comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of the

Company in accordance with the Ind AS specified under Section

133 of the Act and other accounting principles generally accepted

in India. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate

accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for

safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and

detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of

appropriate accounting policies; making judgements and estimates

that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and

maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were

operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of

the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation

of the financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free

from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

8.

In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors are

responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a

going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going

concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the

Board of Directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease

operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

9.

Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the

Company’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

10.

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the

financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,

whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report

that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level

of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in

accordance with Standards on Auditing will always detect a material

misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or

error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,

they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic

decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

11.

As part of an audit in accordance with Standards on Auditing, specified

under Section 143(10) of the Act we exercise professional judgement

and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the

financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and

perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain

audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis

for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement

resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,

as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,

misrepresentations, or the override of internal control;

•

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit

in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the

circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act we are also

responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Company

has adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial

statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such

controls;

•

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the

reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures

made by management;

•

Conclude on the appropriateness of Board of Directors’ use

of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the

audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists

related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt

on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we

conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to

draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures

in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,

to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit

evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However,

future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to

continue as a going concern;

•

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the

financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the

financial statements represent the underlying transactions and

events in a manner that achieves fair presentation;

12.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding,

among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and

170

171

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

STANDALONE

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE:

letter, till the time

such limit remains unutilised the Company is not required to file

any quarterly return or statement with such banks or financial

institutions.

(iii)

(a)

The Company has made investments in and provided advances

in the nature of loans to

Subsidiaries and Others during the year as per details given below:

(` million)

Particulars

Investments

Advances in

nature of loans

Aggregate amount provided/

granted during the year:

- Subsidiaries

400

-

- Others

-

280

Balance outstanding as at

balance sheet date in respect

of above cases:

- Subsidiaries

3,850

-

- Others

-

280

Further, the Company has not provided any loans or guarantee,

or security to any other entity during the year.

(b)

The Company has not provided any guarantee or given any

security or granted any loans during the year. In our opinion,

and according to the information and explanations given to us,

the investments made and terms and conditions of the grant

of advances in the nature of loans, prima facie, not prejudicial

to the interest of the Company.

Annexure I

referred to in Paragraph 17 of the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date to the members of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited on the

standalone financial statements for the year ended 31st March 2023

(c)

In respect of loans granted by the Company, the schedule of repayment of principal and payment of interest has been stipulated and the

repayments/receipts of principal and interest are regular, except for the following instances:

Name of the Entity

Amount due

(` million)

Due date

Extent of delay Remarks

Edison Infrapower & Multiventures Private Limited

570

30th September

2019

1,279 days

The Company has initiated

arbitration s Proceedings

against these entities for

recovery of the amounts.

Konti Infrapower & Multiventures Private Limited

560

Widescreen Holdings Private Limited

460

Asian Satellite Broadcast Private Limited

116

Total

1,706

In respect of advances in the nature of loans granted by the Company, the schedule of repayment of principal and the payment of the interest

has not been stipulated and accordingly, we are unable to comment as to whether the repayments/receipts of principal interest are regular.

(d)

The total amount which is overdue for more than 90 days as at 31st March 2023 in respect of loans granted to such companies, firms, LLPs or

other parties is as follows:

Particulars

Amount (` million)

No. of Cases

Remarks, if any

Principal

1,500.00

4

The Company has initiated arbitration Proceedings against

these entities for recovery of the amounts

Interest

206.00

Total

1,706.00

Reasonable steps have been taken by the Company for

recovery of such principal amounts and interest.

In the absence of stipulated schedule of repayment of principal

and payment of interest in respect of advances in the nature

of loans, we are unable to comment as to whether there is any

amount which is overdue for more than 90 days. Reasonable

steps have been taken by the Company for recovery of such

principal amounts and interest

(e)

The Company has not granted any loan or advance in the nature

of loan which has fallen due during the year. Further, no fresh

loans were granted to any party to settle the overdue loans/

advances in nature of loan that existed as at the beginning of

the year. In respect of advances in the nature of loans granted

by the Company, the schedule of repayment of principal has not

been stipulated. According to the information and explanation

given to us, such advances in the nature of loans have not been

demanded for repayment as on date.

(f)

The Company has not granted any loan, which is repayable

on demand or without specifying any terms or period of

repayment. The Company has granted advances in the nature

of loans without specifying any terms or period of repayment,

as per details below:

Particulars

All Parties

Aggregate of loans/advances in nature of loan

- Repayable on demand (A)

-

- Agreement does not specify any terms or

period of repayment (B)

`280 million

Total (A+B)

`280 million

Percentage of advances in nature of loan

to the total loans

100%

(iv)

In our opinion, and according to the information and explanations

given to us, the Company has complied with the provisions of

Section 186 of the Act in respect of loans and investments made

and guarantees and security provided by it, as applicable. Further,

the Company has not entered into any transaction covered under

Section 185 of the Act.

(v)

In our opinion, and according to the information and explanations

given to us, the Company has not accepted any deposits or there

are no amounts which have been deemed to be deposits within

the meaning of Sections 73 to 76 of the Act and the Companies

(Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 (as amended). Accordingly,

reporting under clause 3(v) of the Order is not applicable to the

Company.

(vi)

The Central Government has specified maintenance of cost records

under sub-section (1) of Section 148 of the Act in respect of the

Broadcasting services of the Company. We have broadly reviewed

the books of account maintained by the Company pursuant to the

Rules made by the Central Government for the maintenance of cost

records and are of the opinion that, prima facie, the prescribed

accounts and records have been made and maintained. However,

we have not made a detailed examination of the cost records with a

view to determine whether they are accurate or complete.

(vii)

(a)

In our opinion, and according to the information and explanations

given to us, the Company is regular in depositing undisputed

statutory dues including goods and services tax, provident

fund, employees’ state insurance, income-tax, cess and other

material statutory dues, as applicable, with the appropriate

authorities. Further, no undisputed amounts payable in respect

thereof were outstanding at the year-end for a period of more

than six months from the date they became payable.

174

175

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

STANDALONE

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Firm Registration no. - 001076N/N500013

DIN: 00031263

DIN: 00101328

Gautam Wadhera

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No 508835

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 25th May 2023

Date: 25th May 2023

See accompanying notes to the financial statements

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

In terms of our report attached

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Punit Goenka

Vivek Mehra

Chartered Accountants: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Firm Registration no. - 001076N/N500013

DIN: 00031263

DIN: 00101328

Gautam Wadhera

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No 508835

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 25th May 2023

Date: 25th May 2023

182

183

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

STANDALONE

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Firm Registration no: 001076N/N500013

DIN: 00031263

DIN: 00101328

Gautam Wadhera

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No 508835

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 25th May 2023

Date: 25th May 2023

185

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

STANDALONE

184

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE:

letter, till the time such limit remains unutilised the Company is not required to file any quarterly return or statement with such

bank. The Company had not utilised the sanctioned limit till 31st March 2023 therefore the Company is not required to file any quarterly return or statement.

19. PROVISIONS

(` million)

Non-current

Current

Mar-23

Mar-22

Mar-23

Mar-22

Provision for employee benefits

- Gratuity

1,185

886

70

64

Total

1,185

886

70

64

20. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES - CURRENT

(` million)

Mar-23

Mar-22

Deposits received (Refer note 34 b)

156

467

Unclaimed Preference shares redemption/dividend #

25

24

Unclaimed equity dividends #

29

29

Creditors for capital expenditure

77

182

Employee benefits payable

1,583

1,960

Other payables ( Refer note 43(d)(ii)A)

2,053

1,533

Total

3,923

4,195

For transactions relating to related party payables, refer note 46.

# Dividend aggregating `4 million (`3 million) unclaimed for a period of more than seven years is transferred to Investors’ Education and Protection

Fund during the year. Further, there are no amounts due and outstanding to be credited to Investors’ Education and Protection Fund as at

31st March 2023.

21. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

(` million)

Mar-23

Mar-22

Advances received from customers

968

220

Deferred revenue

1,457

1,236

Statutory dues payable

944

1,316

Total

3,369

2,772

For transactions relating to related party payables, refer note 46.

208

209

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

STANDALONE:

Letter of Comfort (LOC) to the said Bank confirming its intention, among other matters, to support ATL by

infusing equity/debt for meeting all its working capital requirements, debt requirements, business expansion plans, honouring the Put Option, take

or pay agreements and guarantees. The Company has received communication from the Bank mentioning defaults committed by LEL in repayment

of their loans to the Bank and calling upon the Company to support ATL in connection with honouring the Put Option. However, the Bank and LEL

remained in discussion to settle the borrowing.

The Company is of the view, based on legal advice, that the LOC neither provides any guarantee, commitment or assurance to pay the Bank.

On 26th June 2020, the Bank filed a plaint seeking ad-interim relief in the Hon’ble High Court of Bombay on the grounds that the aforesaid LOC

provided to the Bank is a financial guarantee.

The Hon’ble High Court of Bombay, vide Orders dated 30th June 2020 and 19th August 2020 has refused/dismissed the ad interim relief sought by

the Bank, including as part of the appeal proceedings filed by the Bank that were in favour of the Company. The primary suit filed by the Bank on

26th June 2020 is yet to be heard by the Hon’ble High Court of Bombay.

The Management has assessed the nature of the LOC and based on legal advice obtained, the LOC has not been considered as a financial guarantee

by the Management, which would require recognition of a liability in the books of account of the Company. Further, based on an independent

valuation of ATL obtained, the Management has determined that the LOC also does not result in any executory contract that is onerous on the

Company which requires any recognition of liability in the books of account of the Company.

37. Operational cost, employee benefits expense, advertisement and publicity expenses, electricity and water charges and repairs and maintenance

(plant and machinery) are net off recoveries `156 million (`249 million).

38. SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Company operates in a single reporting segment namely ‘Content and Broadcasting’.

39. PAYMENT TO AUDITORS

(` million)

Mar-23

Mar-22

Audit fees

20

12

Certification

1

6

Reimbursement of expenses

0

0

Total

21

18

‘0’ (zero) denotes amounts less than a million.

40. NON-CURRENT ASSET CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE

(` million)

Mar-23

Mar-22

Investment in subsidiary and others #

3,850

-

Less: Provision for diminution in value of investment

3,313

-

537

-

Receivables from subsidiary#

372

-

Freehold land and building $

573

-

Total

1,482

-

# The Management as part of its portfolio rationalisation initiative and conditions of impending merger; is in the process of either liquidating/

discontinuing/ selling certain entities (primarily Margo Networks Private Limited). Basis the same, the Management has classified the investment

in relation to these entities as Non-current Assets held for sale/disposal under IND AS 105 (‘Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued

Operations’). Considering these assets are held for sale, the assets have been recorded at their realisable value. Accordingly, the Company

recorded an impairment of `3,313 million on such assets which has been disclosed as an exceptional item.

$ The Company has entered into a memorandum of understanding for the disposal of freehold land which is no longer intends to use and sale

transaction is in progress which is expected to be completed in the next 12 months. Accordingly, the same has been classified as Non-current

asset classified as held for sale.

216

217

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

STANDALONE:

Managing Director & CEO); Mr. R Gopalan (Independent Director - Chairman); Mr. Ashok Kurien (Non-Executive Director-

resigned effective 13th September 2021); Mr. Manish Chokhani (Non-executive Director - resigned effective 13th September 2021); Mr. Adesh

Kumar Gupta (Non-Executive Director); Mr. Piyush Pandey (Independent Director- resigned w.e.f. 23rd March 2023); Ms. Alicia Yi (Independent

Director); Mr. Sasha Mirchandani (Independent Director); Mr. Vivek Mehra (Independent Director), Mr. Rohit Kumar Gupta (Chief Financial

Officer), Mr. Ashish Agarwal (Company Secretary).

Relatives of Key Management Personnel

Amit Goenka

e

Disclosure in respect of related party transactions and balances as at and during the year:

(` million)

Particulars

Mar-23

Mar-22

Transactions during the year

i

Revenue from operations

-

Advertisement income

Other related parties*

-

116

-

Subscription income

Other related parties #

-

1,380

-

Share of subscription income payable

Subsidiaries

929

968

Other related parties*

-

385

-

Commission

Subsidiaries

175

198

-

Transmission income

Subsidiaries

284

246

Other related parties*

-

114

-

Sales of media content

Subsidiaries

1,225

752

-

Other operating income

Subsidiaries

193

370

ii

Other income

-

Rent/Miscellaneous income

Other related parties #

4

153

-

Interest income

Subsidiaries

0

196

Other related parties*#

-

45

iii

Purchase of media content

Subsidiaries

1,777

1,656

iv

Purchase of services

Subsidiaries

2,589

1,888

Other related parties*#

695

1,451

v

Recoveries/(reimbursement) (net)*

Subsidiaries

140

630

Other related parties* #

2

112

vi

Investments purchased/subscribed

Subsidiaries

400

2,700

vii

Investments sold/redemption

Other related parties #

-

100

viii

Sale of digital publishing business

Other related parties*

-

788

ix

Assets purchased

Subsidiaries

-

253

(` million)

Particulars

Mar-23

Mar-22

x

Loans, advances and deposits given

Subsidiaries

-

1,885

xi

Loans, advances and deposits repayment received

Subsidiaries

-

2,655

Other related parties*

-

9

xii

Loans, advances and deposits repayment given

Other related parties

10

-

xiii

Provision for loans, advance and deposit given, trade and other receivables

Other related parties #

-

26

xiv

Provision for Diminution in value of Investment

Subsidiaries

3,313

-

xv

Provision for Corporate guarantees given

Other related parties #

-

527

xvi

Remuneration to: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Short term employee benefits @

351

411

xvii

Commission and sitting fees

Non-executive directors

40

42

xviii

Dividend paid

Director (`7,470/- (`7,395/-))

0

0

(` million)

Particulars

Mar-23

Mar-22

Balance as at 31st March

i

Investment

Equity Shares of Zee Multimedia Worldwide (Mauritius) Limited

2,584

2,584

Equity Shares of ATL Media Ltd.

2,515

2,515

Debentures - Zee Studios Limited (net of fare value adjustment)

1,857

2,151

Equity Shares of Margo Networks Private Limited (classified as asset held for sale)

537

750

Debentures - Margo Networks Private Limited (net of provision)

-

2,700

Others

330

667

230

231

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

STANDALONE:

Managing Director & CEO, included in Note 25

‘Employee benefits expense’ is as under:

(` million): Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Firm Registration no. - 001076N/N500013

DIN: 00031263

DIN: 00101328

Gautam Wadhera

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No 508835

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 25th May 2023

Date: 25th May 2023

56. The Company has received two show cause notices during the financial year from the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) for the alleged

violations of certain SEBI Regulations. In order to put an end to the litigations, settlement applications were filed by the Company with respect to

both show cause notices with SEBI in terms of the provisions of SEBI (Settlement Proceedings) Regulations, 2018, without admitting or denying the

findings of fact and conclusions of law. Out of the two settlement applications filed with SEBI; i) one application for settlement has been approved

and a settlement order was received by the Company and ii) another application for settlement has been rejected by the SEBI. The Company,

after considering all material available to it and in terms of the legal advice received by the Company in this respect, believe that the Company is

in compliance with applicable laws. The Company will appropriately deal with the specified proceedings before SEBI.

57.

The Company received certain preliminary observations from Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) under Section 206(5) of the Companies Act, 2013

(‘the Act), the Company has appropriately responded to the observations.

58. The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting on 21st December 2021, has considered and approved the Scheme of Arrangement under

Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 (Scheme), whereby the Company and Bangla Entertainment Private Limited (an affiliate of Culver

Max Entertainment Private Limited (formerly known as Sony Pictures Networks India Private Limited)) shall merge in Culver Max Entertainment Private

Limited. After receipt of requisite approvals/NOC’s from shareholders and certain regulators including SEBI, CCI, ROC etc. the Company has filed a

petition with NCLT for approval of the Scheme which shall be effective NCLT approval and balance regulatory approvals/completion formalities.

59. The standalone financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31st March 2023, were reviewed by the Audit Committee and subsequently

approved for issue by the Board of Directors at their respective meeting held on 25th May 2023.

236

237

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

STANDALONE:

letter of comfort, evaluating credit worthiness of erstwhile

related parties, assessment of required expected credit loss and provision

for receivables and ICDs given to/ on-behalf of erstwhile related parties;

•

Tested the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over

management process for evaluating credit worthiness of related parties/

erstwhile related parties, expected credit loss provision, assessment of

provision, contingent liability in case of legal disputes;

•

Evaluated management’s current assessment of relationship of the Holding

Company with such parties;

•

Assessed management’s conclusions through discussions held with the

inhouse legal counsel and understanding precedents in similar cases;

•

Obtained and evaluated the independent confirmations from the

consultants representing the Holding Company before the various

authorities;

•

Obtained the evidences of receipt of trade receivables from one of the

erstwhile related party vis-à-vis the payment plan submitted in previous

year;

•

Obtained notices received, reply filed by the Holding company with various

courts and NCLT. Also, obtained settlement agreements with these parties;

•

Evaluated adequacy of provisions created by management on receivables,

investments and ICDs.

•

Verified the collection made by the Holding company for related parties/

erstwhile related parties and reversal of provision created for expected

credit loss.

•

Assessed the amounts provided for such receivables is adequate to cover

any further financial loss;

•

Obtained direct balance confirmations from erstwhile related parties.

•

Evaluated the adequacy of disclosures given in the standalone financial

statements, including disclosure of exceptional items, contingent liabilities

and movement in provision created.

INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON

7.

The Holding Company’s Board of Directors are responsible for the

other information. The other information comprises the information

included in the Annual Report, but does not include the consolidated

financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The Annual

Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this

auditor’s report.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover

the other information and we will not express any form of assurance

conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements,

our responsibility is to read the other information identified above

when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the

other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated

financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or

otherwise appears to be materially misstated. When we read the

Annual Report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement

therein, we are required to communicate the matter to those charged

with governance.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND THOSE CHARGED

WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

8.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been

approved by the Holding Company’s Board of Directors. The Holding

Company’s Board of Directors are responsible for the matters stated

in Section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation and

presentation of these consolidated financial statements that give a

true and fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated

financial performance including other comprehensive income,

consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the

Group including its associate and joint venture in accordance with the

Ind AS specified under Section 133 of the Act read with the Companies

(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, and other accounting

principles generally accepted in India. The Holding Company’s

Board of Directors are also responsible for ensuring accuracy of

records including financial information considered necessary for the

preparation of consolidated Ind AS financial statements. Further, in

terms of the provisions of the Act the respective Board of Directors of

the companies included in the Group, and its joint venture company

covered under the Act are responsible for maintenance of adequate

242

243

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONSOLIDATED

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Firm Registration No.: 001076N/N500013

DIN: 00031263

DIN: 00101328

Gautam Wadhera

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: 508835

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Dated: 25th May 2023

Date: 25th May 2023

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

In terms of our report attached

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Punit Goenka

Vivek Mehra

Chartered Accountants: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Firm Registration No.: 001076N/N500013

DIN: 00031263

DIN: 00101328

Gautam Wadhera

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: 508835

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 25th May 2023

Date: 25th May 2023

252

253

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONSOLIDATED

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Firm Registration No.: 001076N/N500013

DIN: 00031263

DIN: 00101328

Gautam Wadhera

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: 508835

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 25th May 2023

Date: 25th May 2023

Notes

FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

255

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONSOLIDATED

254

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE:

letter, till the time such limit remains unutilised the Company is not required to file any quarterly return or

statement with such bank. The Company had not utilised the sanctioned limit till 31st March 2023 therefore the Company is not required to file any

quarterly return or statement.

19. PROVISIONS

(` million)

Non-current

Current

Mar-23

Mar-22

Mar-23

Mar-22

Provision for employee benefits

- Gratuity

1,362

1,036

70

65

- Compensated absences

-

4

65

54

Total

1,362

1,040

135

119

20. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES - CURRENT

(` million)

Mar-23

Mar-22

Deposits received (Refer note 34B)

181

490

Unclaimed preference shares redemption/dividend #

25

24

Unclaimed equity dividends #

29

29

Creditors for capital expenditure

190

320

Employee benefits payable

1,769

2,151

Other payables (Refer note 44(d)(ii)(A))

2,053

1,533

Total

4,247

4,547

For transactions relating to related party payables, refer note 46.

# Dividend aggregating `4 million (`3 million) unclaimed for a period of more than seven years is transferred to Investors’ Education and Protection

Fund during the year. Further, there are no amounts due and outstanding to be credited to Investors’ Education and Protection Fund as at

31st March 2023.

21. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

(` million)

Mar-23

Mar-22

Advances received from customers

1,235

406

Deferred revenue

1,461

1,380

Statutory dues payable

994

1,435

Total

3,690

3,221

For transactions relating to related party payables, refer note 46.

22. REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS

(` million)

Mar-23

Mar-22

Services - Broadcasting revenue

Advertisement

40,586

43,965

Subscription

33,355

32,466

- Theatrical revenue

2,385

3,191

- Sale of media content

4,080

2,086

- Transmission revenue

130

114

- Commission

25

12

Other operating revenue

474

59

Less: Related to discontinued operations

(156)

(36)

Total

80,879

81,857

For contract assets refer note 9 - Other financial assets

For contract liabilities refer note 21 - Other current liabilities

23. OTHER INCOME

(` million)

Mar-23

Mar-22

Interest income

- Bank deposits

99

96

- Other financial assets

28

42

- Others (including on income-tax refund `258 million (39 million))

291

64

Dividend income from :

- Investment classified as fair value through profit and loss

0

-

Gain on sale of investments classified as fair value through profit and loss

0

256

Profit on sale of digital publishing business (Refer note 45)

-

41

Liabilities/excess provision written back

70

144

Profit on sale of fixed assets

31

-

Rent income

243

217

Miscellaneous income

58

353

Less: Related to discontinued operations

(23)

(12)

Total

797

1,201

‘0’ (zero) denotes amounts less than a million.

24. OPERATIONAL COST

(` million)

Mar-23

Mar-22

a) Media content

Opening - Inventory

63,849

54,018

Add: Purchase of inventory

39,636

38,103

Less: Closing - Inventory

73,064

63,849

Amortisation of inventory

30,421

28,272

Other production expenses

10,008

8,498

Media content

40,429

36,770

b) Telecast and technical cost

4,395

3,679

Less: Related to discontinued operations

(138)

(31)

Total (a+b)

44,686

40,418

Notes

FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Notes

FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

280

281

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONSOLIDATED

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE:

Managing Director & CEO); Mr. R. Gopalan (Independent Director - Chairman); Mr. Ashok Kurien (Non-Executive Director- resigned

effective 13th September 2021); Mr. Manish Chokhani (Non-executive Director - resigned effective 13th September 2021); Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta

(Non-Executive Director); Mr. Piyush Pandey (Independent Director- resigned w.e.f. 23rd March 2023); Ms. Alicia Yi (Independent Director); Mr. Sasha

Mirchandani (Independent Director); Mr. Vivek Mehra (Independent Director); Mr. Rohit Kumar Gupta (Chief Financial Officer); Mr. Ashish Agarwal

(Company Secretary).

Relatives of Key Management Personnel

Amit Goenka

d)

Disclosure in respect of related party transactions and balances as at and during the year

(` million)

Sr.

No

Particulars

Mar-23

Mar-22

Transactions during the year

i

Revenue from operations

-

Advertisement income

Other related parties*

-

116

-

Subscription income

Other related parties #

-

1,380

-

Share of subscription income payable

Other related parties*

-

385

-

Transmission income

Other related parties*

-

114

ii

Other income

-

Rent/Miscellaneous income

Other related parties*

4

153

-

Interest income

Other related parties*#

-

45

iii

Purchase of services

Other related parties*#

722

1,507

iv

Recoveries/(Reimbursement) (net)

Other related parties

2

112

v

Investments sold/redemption

Other related parties*

-

100

vi

Sale of digital publishing business

Other related parties*

-

788

vii

Loans, advances and deposits repayment received

Other related parties*

-

9

viii

Loans, advances and deposits repayment given

Other related parties

10

-

ix

Provision for loans, advance and deposit given, trade and other receivables

Other related parties #

-

26

x

Provision for Corporate guarantees given (Refer note 44(d)(ii))

Other related parties #

-

527

xi

Remuneration to Key Management Personnel

Short-term employee benefits @

428

470

xii

Remuneration to relative of Key Management Personnel

Short-term employee benefits @

178

189

xiii

Commission and sitting fees

Non-executive directors

40

42

xiv

Dividend paid

Director (`7,470/- (`7,395/-))

0

0

Notes

FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Notes

FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

302

303

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

STRATEGIC REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONSOLIDATED

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Firm Registration No.: 001076N/N500013

DIN: 00031263

DIN: 00101328

Gautam Wadhera

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: 508835

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 25th May 2023

Date: 25th May 2023

Notes

FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

312

A TRANSFORMATIVE EDGE:

