Managing Director

We have been able to bring

down the curtains on the

financial year 2020-21 with

a robust set of numbers.

We reported a turnover of

L45,311 crores.: Dear Shareholders,

The year 2020-21 has been

challenging for each one of us.

The Covid-19 pandemic has had

a significant impact on lives,

livelihoods, and the business.

Operational challenges mounted

due to restricted movement and

disrupted supply lines during the first

few months of the pandemic. As the

second wave of the pandemic unfolds

with predictions of a third wave

in the offing, our focus continues

to be on our people’s health &

safety, ensuring uninterrupted

supplies of Covid relevant portfolio,

meeting the demand arising out of

evolving consumer needs, caring

for the communities in which we

operate, and finally, protecting our

business model.

The relentless commitment and

dedication of every member of the

Hindustan Unilever family helped the

business overcome many challenges

in the past year. As a result, we

have been able to bring down

the curtains on the financial year

2020-21 with a robust set of numbers.

We reported a turnover of `45,311

crores growing by 18% and Domestic

Consumer Growth* was 6%. Profit

after tax at `7,954 crores was up 18%.

We managed Covid challenges

well and sustained strong cash

generation. The Board of Directors

has proposed a final dividend of

`17 per share, subject to approval of

shareholders at the AGM. Together

with interim dividend of `14 per share,

the total dividend for the financial

year ending 31st March, 2021

amounts to `31 per share. During

the year, special dividend of `9.5 per

share was also paid. If we add up, the

total dividend payout during the year

will be over `9,500 crores.

Last year saw significant change in

what consumers buy and where they

shop — from online shopping to a

rising concern about health, hygiene,

sanitation, and nutrition. Our brands

strived to meet these changing

needs by launching innovations,

building awareness through

communication, shifting to newer

ways of reaching consumers and

connecting with communities through

purpose-led initiatives.

In the pandemic, the humble bar of

soap became the first line of defense

resulting in an unprecedented

demand for Skin Cleansing and

hand hygiene products. To serve

the people of our country, Lifebuoy

launched 15 new product variations

in the hand hygiene portfolio

within just 30 days. We completed

the acquisition of female intimate

hygiene brand VWash that is off to

a good start. This year, we launched

our Positive Beauty vision, to drive

positive change for people and

the planet through our brands.

We took a decisive step to embrace

diversity and promote inclusion

across our Beauty and Personal care

portfolio and renamed the iconic

Fair & Lovely brand to Glow & Lovely.

Dove furthered this vision through

its #StopTheBeautyTest campaign

and Clinic Plus, on Women’s Day,

launched its new campaign pledging

to educate 1,00,000 women across

our ecosystem to stand up against

domestic violence.

As people continued to stay home,

our Home Care portfolio had a

major role to play. We launched

the Surf excel Active Hygiene and

introduced the Lifebuoy Laundry

Sanitiser. We saw a significant rise

in dishwasher sales in the country.

Vim launched a new ‘matic’ range for

dishwasher users and also addressed

the growing need for hygiene with the

launch of the anti-bacterial variant in

bars and liquids.

Domex launched a campaign

highlighting its unique formulation

with sodium hypochlorite that is

proven to kill coronavirus within

60 seconds. In line with the growing

consumer trend of natural hygiene

solutions, we launched Nature

Protect, with a neem-based portfolio

comprising surface cleaners, laundry,

fruit-and-veggie cleaners and

on-the-go cleaner. Last September,

we announced our Clean Future

vision that aims to give people

affordable, high-performing products

that are kinder to both them and

the environment.

Our Foods & Refreshment brands

continued to focus on providing

healthy options for the growing

in-home eating trend and address the

need for immunity. Our Tea business

saw a significant rise in market share

driven by robust growth across brands

like Taaza, Brooke Bond Red Label

and Taj Mahal. We expanded our

fortified foods range and launched

Hellmann’s mayonnaise, an excellent

source of good fats, nationally.

We also launched Kissan Peanut

Butter that is naturally a source

of protein and zinc. To ensure that

our consumers have access to their

favourite ice-creams, we partnered

with Swiggy and Zomato. Last year,

we completed the merger of GSK

Consumer Healthcare into HUL

and welcomed the iconic brands

Horlicks and Boost, virtually during

the national lockdown. To address

the need for building immunity, we

launched the new Horlicks with added

zinc and donated it to hospitals,

frontline workers and even vulnerable

children. The year saw Unilever launch

its new Future Foods ambition to

support a fairer, healthier and more

sustainable global foods system.

Through the new commitments,

in India, we aim to create healthier

and fortified foods that will address

the challenges of unbalanced diet

and micronutrient deficiency.

Across our Supply Chain and Sales,

our top priority was the safety of our

people and of those who work with us.

We were one of the first companies to

provide Covid-19 medical insurance

for all those who work at the front-

end. Our eB2B app, Shikhar enabled

our retailer partners to place

contactless orders conveniently and

now, we have over 5 lakh retailers

ordering through Shikhar. We have

nearly 1,36,000 Shakti Entrepreneurs

who played an important role and

continue to do so in educating people

on hand hygiene and ensuring critical

supply of essential products in rural

areas during the pandemic.

We made significant progress

in our sustainability agenda.

We reduced CO2 emissions per tonne

of production by 91% compared to

2008 baseline. We collected and

safely disposed more than 1 lakh

tonnes of post-consumer use plastic

waste since 2018. Starting this year,

we have committed to collect

more plastic than we use in our

packaging. Through interventions at

the grassroot level, the Hindustan

Unilever Foundation has created

water potential of more than

1.3 trillion litres. Through our WASH

initiatives, we have reached over

154 million people across the

country till now.

The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan

paved the way for the new Unilever

Compass Commitments that were

announced this year to address the

key challenges of our time, such as

plastic waste, gender equality, human

rights and fair value—plus, of course,

climate change and social inclusion.

I would like to assure you that we

continue to stand with the nation

during this challenging phase of

Covid-19. We were among the first

companies to commit `100 crores

to the nation in its fight against

coronavirus. Recently, we leveraged

the strength of the larger Unilever

ecosystem, and have swiftly procured

over 5,000 oxygen concentrators to be

made available to the most impacted

areas in the country. We continue

to donate essential health and

hygiene products such as soaps and

disinfectants to the frontline and to

vulnerable communities including tea

growing communities in Assam, along

with our partners UNDP and UNICEF.

Despite our best efforts,

we lost several Hindustan Unilever

colleagues to the Covid-19 pandemic.

Our thoughts go out to their

families and friends and indeed

to all those whose lives have been

impacted. The pandemic tested us

in unprecedented ways. It tested

the resilience of our business,

character of our people, agility of

our operations and the depth of our

financial strength. It has made us a

more resilient business that is better

prepared for the vagaries of the

fast-changing world.

Our five growth fundamentals

– Purposeful Brands, Improved

Penetration, Impactful Innovations,

Design 4 Channel and Fuel for

Growth, combined with a clear focus

on the four priorities of People,

Supply, Demand, Cash & Cost, and

the technology muscle that we have

built over last few years, positions us

well for the future.

I would like to take this opportunity

to thank all our people who have

been tirelessly working to ensure that

we continue to serve the people of

this country through this extremely

challenging year. Most importantly,

I would like to thank you, our

shareholders, for your overwhelming

trust, support, and confidence in

Hindustan Unilever Limited.

Warm regards,

Sanjiv Mehta

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjiv Mehta

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Co-chairs the Advisory Network to the

High-Level Panel for a “Sustainable

Ocean Economy”. We continue to

partner with trade associations like

FICCI-India Sanitation Coalition on

WASH, international organisations like

UNDP and Xynteo to drive behavioural

change and work together on end-to-

end plastic waste management projects.

Hindustan Unilever Foundation, the not-

for-profit subsidiary of your Company,

continued its water conservation efforts

across the country while generating

livelihoods for the community.

Sustainability issues form part

of our Board/Corporate Social

R e s p o n s i b i l i t y

c o m m i t t e e

discussions. Cross Functional

Leadership Team reports to the

Management Committee on the

progress of our initiatives. Our

new Unilever Compass strategy

integrates sustainability into

our business strategy reflecting

our leadership’s focus on doing

business responsibly. Unilever’s

new commitments around Climate,

Nature and Society is the next step

in our journey of being the leader in

sustainable business.

Shareholders

In this eventful year,

it’s been even more

important to keep

our shareholders

closely informed

about our business

For more on

shareholders see

pages 34 to 36

As well as an ongoing interest

in our strategy and business

performance, our shareholders

were interested in our priorities

during the Covid-19 pandemic

and the potential impact of

this on our business. And they

continued to be focused on

our approach to sustainability,

including specific issues such

as plastic waste, as well as

sustainability targets and

reporting.

Your Company has a large shareholder

base close to 7.6 lakh shareholders.

We speak directly to our shareholders

through investor events, meetings and

calls, quarterly results broadcasts and

investor conference presentations.

Our Chairman and: Managing Director

and Chief Financial Officer speak

directly to shareholders at investor

meetings on a broad range of strategic

imperatives of the business such as

business environment, performance,

sustainability commitments and

more. The Stakeholders Relationship

Committee of the Board engages on

issues that concern our shareholders

and maintains oversight on shareholder

queries and grievances. Apart from this,

relevant information is hosted on our

website: www.hul.co.in. During the year,

your Company paid a special dividend

of `9.50 per equity share, in pursuance to

the Scheme of Arrangement for transfer

of the balance standing to the credit of

the General Reserves to the Profit and

Loss Account, resulting in total dividend

payout of `2,232 crores.

Shareholder feedback – around our

strategy, digital journey, merger

and acquisitions strategy and

sustainability – forms a part of

boardroom conversations. After

each quarterly market update, our

Managing Director and has Functional/Business Heads

as its members.

During the year, the Board of Directors approved the

appointment of Mr. Ritesh Tiwari as an Executive Director,

Finance and Chief Financial Officer and a member of

Management Committee with effect from 1st May, 2021,

in succession to Mr. Srinivas Phatak, who will cease to be

a member of Management Committee, consequent to his

elevation to the position of Executive Vice President, Global

Financial Control and Risk Management, Unilever.

Auditors

M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants were

re-appointed as Statutory Auditors of your Company at

the Annual General Meeting held on 29th June, 2019, for

the second term of five consecutive years. The Auditors

have confirmed that they are not disqualified from being

re-appointed as Auditors of the Company.

The Report given by the Auditors on the financial statement

of the Company is part of this Report. There has been no

qualification, reservation, adverse remark or disclaimer

given by the Auditors in their Report. During the year under

review, the Auditors had not reported any matter under

Section 143 (12) of the Companies Act, 2013.

M/s. R A & Co., Cost Accountants carried out the cost audit

for applicable businesses during the year. The Board of

Directors have appointed M/s. R A & Co., Cost Accountants

as Cost Auditors for the financial year 2021-22.

T h e

B o a r d

o f

D i r e c t o r s

h a d

a p p o i n t e d

M/s. S. N. Ananthasubramanian & Co., Company Secretaries

to conduct Secretarial Audit for the financial year 2020-21.

The Secretarial Audit Report forms part of this Integrated

Annual Report. The Secretarial Audit Report does not

contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark.

Disclosure

The details in relation to the composition of Audit

Committee, establishment of Vigil Mechanism for Directors

and employees, Internal Financial Controls and Director’s

Remuneration Policy of the Company have been given

in the Corporate Governance Report forming part of

this Annual Report.

No significant or material orders were passed by the

Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which impacts the going

concern status and Company’s operations in future.

Compliance with Secretarial Standards

The Company has complied with all the applicable

provisions of Secretarial Standard on Meetings of Board of

Directors (SS-1), Revised Secretarial Standard on General

Meetings (SS-2), Secretarial Standard on Dividend (SS-3)

Secretarial Standard on Report of the Board of Directors

(SS-4) respectively issued by Institute of Company

Secretaries of India.

Stakeholder Engagement

Our multi-stakeholder model aims to respect the interests

of and be responsive towards all stakeholders.

Stakeholder engagement and partnership are essential to

grow your Company’s business and to reach the ambitious

targets set out in the Compass sustainability commitments.

The CoBP, which is the statement of values and represents

the standard of conduct for everyone associated with your

Company, and the Code Policies guide how we interact

with our partners, suppliers, customers, employees,

shareholders, Government, Non- Governmental

Organisations (NGOs), trade associations and industry

bodies. Through the underlying standards set in CoBP and

Code policies, your Company is committed to transparency,

honesty, integrity and openness in all its engagements

with the various stakeholders.

Outlook

The year 2020-21 saw unprecedented disruption to lives and

livelihoods across the world and India was no exception.

The economy declined sharply during first half of the

fiscal year as the country grappled with the pandemic,

however, effective measures taken by the Government

of India and the Reserve Bank of India helped the Indian

economy to recover. Rapid rollout of vaccines coupled with

Government’s efforts on stimulating growth improved

consumer sentiments. Notwithstanding these encouraging

developments, the Covid-19 pandemic is far from over.

The trajectory of the pandemic still remains unpredictable

to a very large extent, with country already witnessing a

second wave of Covid-19. Our overriding priority remains,

therefore, to protect lives and livelihoods. We have already

demonstrated our ability to navigate through such a

volatile and uncertain external environment and being well

placed to deliver to the needs of our multiple stakeholders.

We remain watchful of the situation while focusing on

driving volume led competitive growth.

Even though conditions will remain unpredictable and we

will be living with the effects of Covid-19 for some time,

we remain confident of the medium to long-term growth

prospects of the FMCG sector. Our people have shown

their resilience and commitment to rise in the most difficult

circumstances. With our strong portfolio of trusted brands,

industry leading capabilities, resilient workforce and a

clear Compass strategy guiding our decisions, we are well

placed to deliver consistent, competitive, profitable, and

responsible growth.

Responsibility Statement

The Directors confirm that:

• In the preparation of the Annual Accounts, the

applicable accounting standards have been

followed and that no material departures have been

made from the same;

• They have selected such accounting policies and applied

them consistently and made judgements and estimates

that are reasonable and prudent, so as to give a true and

fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at the end

of the financial year and of the profits of the Company

for that period;

• They have taken proper and sufficient care for the

maintenance of adequate accounting records in

accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013, for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for

preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;

• They have prepared the annual accounts on a

going concern basis;

• They have laid down internal financial controls for

the Company and such internal financial controls are

adequate and operating effectively; and

• They have devised proper systems to ensure compliance

with the provisions of all applicable laws and such

systems are adequate and operating effectively.

Appreciations and Acknowledgements

Your Directors place on record their deep appreciation to

employees at all levels for their hard work, dedication and

commitment, in particular during this unprecedented year.

The Directors place on record their special gratitude toward

the front line employees who were working in our factories

and in the market to ensure that the Company’s products

reach to the consumers. The enthusiasm and unstinting

efforts of the employees have enabled the Company to

remain an industry leader.

Your Directors would also like to acknowledge the excellent

contribution by Unilever to your Company in providing

the latest innovations, technological improvements and

marketing inputs across almost all categories in which

it operates. This has enabled the Company to provide

higher levels of consumer delight through continuous

improvement in existing products, and introduction

of new products.

The Board places on record its appreciation for the support

and co-operation your Company has been receiving from

its suppliers, distributors, retailers, business partners

and others associated with it as its trading partners.

Your Company looks upon them as partners in its progress

and has shared with them the rewards of growth. It will be

your Company’s endeavour to build and nurture strong

links with the trade based on mutuality of benefits, respect

for and co-operation with each other, consistent with

consumer interests.

Your Directors also take this opportunity to thank all

Shareholders, Clients, Vendors, Banks, Stock Exchanges,

Government and Regulatory Authorities, both at the

Central and State level for their continued support. The

co-operation extended by the Government and Regulatory

Authorities across the country during this year enabled the

Company to serve the consumers with health and hygiene

essential products.

On behalf of the Board

Sanjiv Mehta

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

122.00

Refer Note iv.

2

Srinivas Phatak

Executive Director, Finance & IT and CFO

56.59

3

Dev Bajpai

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Affairs and Company Secretary

43.93

4

Wilhelmus Uijen

Executive Director, Supply Chain

64.51

ii.

The percentage increase in the median remuneration of Employees for the financial year was 2.6%.

iii.

The Company has 8,525 permanent Employees on the rolls of Company as on 31st March, 2021.

iv.

Average increase made in the salaries of Employees other than the managerial personnel in the financial year was

3.4%. This has been a challenging year for all our employees, especially those in the frontline and factories, as they

have strived hard to serve the nation by ensuring that our production and distribution of essential commodities runs

smoothly. While adequate safety precautions and care has been provided by the Company, these employees have

displayed exemplary commitment to their jobs. In order to recognise their discretionary effort, a one time special

cash award was also granted to the frontline sales force and factory based employees. With respect to Management

Committee members, the Company has, after seeking the approval of Nomination and Remuneration Committee of

the Board, provided salary increase of 4%.

v.

It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid during the year is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.

Note:

a)

The Non-Executive Directors of the Company are entitled to sitting fee and commission as per the statutory provisions

and within the limits approved by the Members. The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors, details of which are

provided in the Corporate Governance Report and is governed by the Differential Remuneration Policy, as detailed

in the said Report. The ratio of remuneration and percentage increase for Non-Executive Directors Remuneration is

therefore not considered for the purpose above.

b)

Percentage increase in remuneration indicates annual target total compensation increases, as approved by the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company during the financial year 2020-21.

c)

Employees for the purpose above include all employees excluding employees governed under collective

bargaining.

On behalf of the Board

Sanjiv Mehta

Chairman and: Managing Director

Mumbai, 29th April, 2021

(DIN: 06699923)

Annexure to the Report of Board of Directors

Statement of Disclosure of Remuneration under Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule

5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014

Annexure to the Report of Board of Directors

Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or Investments

Details of loans, guarantee or investments made by your Company under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013, during

the financial year 2020-21 are appended as an Annexure to this report

Amount outstanding as at 31st March, 2021

(` crores)

Particulars

Amount

Loans given

280

Guarantee given

1

Investments made

2,995

Loan, Guarantee and Investments made during the financial year 2020-21

Name of Entity

Relation

Amount

(` crores)

Particulars of

loan, guarantee

and investments

Purpose for which

the guarantee

and investments

are proposed to

be utilised

Lakme Lever Private Limited

Subsidiary

35

Loan

Business purpose

Unilever India Exports Limited

Subsidiary

145

Loan

Business purpose

Unilever India Limited

Subsidiary

60

Investments

Business purpose

Mutual Funds+T-bills#

-

1,435

Investments Cash Management

#For details refer to Note 6 of Notes to the financial statements

On behalf of the Board

Sanjiv Mehta

Managing Director

Chairman CSR Committee

Mumbai, 29th April, 2021

DIN: 06699923

DIN: 00548091

Annexure to the Report of Board of Directors (continued)

64

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

65

Reports

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

06699923

Mr. Srinivas Phatak

Executive Director, Finance & IT and Chief Financial Officer

02743340

*Chairman

Details of BR Head:

The Company has a governance mechanism and scorecard to monitor the progress on Unilever Compass sustainability

commitments. The Compass leadership team reports the progress to the Chairman and: Managing Director and

Management Committee on a quarterly basis.

Particulars

Details

DIN Number

06699923

Name

Sanjiv Mehta

Designation

Managing Director.

Employee Wellbeing

Post Covid-19, employee wellbeing emerged as a key

priority across Unilever and has been on top of the

Company’s agenda. During the year, your Company built-

in a systemic approach on wellbeing embedding robust

interventions with customised approach. Early in the

journey, your Company designed ‘What’s your Wellbeing

Quotient’, enabling 2,200+ employees to craft personalised

wellbeing plans. Your Company offered curated solutions

aligned to its wellbeing framework investing over

13,000 hours in 2020. As a result of the sustained efforts,

your Company saw the reflections in internal employees’

survey UniVoice–90% score on Unilever cares for my

wellbeing, 900 bps improvement on wellbeing scores over

last two years. Your Company has built in employee support

programmes through Employee Assistance Programme

which is not only open for employees but also for their

families in 11 languages. Your Company has also created a

network of its employees who are trained on mental health

to support their peers in the bid to create psychological

safety for all. Your Company appreciates that wellbeing

is central to employee experience and its people strategy.

Your Company is looking at wellbeing through the lens of

external trends as well and keen to implement the best

industry practices.

Building capabilities for the future

Your Company continue to build organisational

capabilities with a clear focus on functional learning

priorities to make its people future-fit and purpose-led.

To prepare its end-to-end value chain for technology-led

consumption models, your Company is investing

significantly in its digital transformation programme –

‘Reimagine HUL’. A Digital Council comprising of cross

functional leaders is the Steering Committee for the

initiative. Building niche digital skills of its leaders and

upgrading digital skills of the employees are central to

this transformation agenda. Your Company is moving from

Mass to Precision learning plans for its leaders and teams

who are leading and scaling up digital experiments across

various parts of its business.

Your Company is building leaders of the future with a

growth mindset who are equipped and empowered to

thrive in this dynamic environment. As part of the same,

all employees will embark on a journey of creating their

individual future-fit plans that will have an optimal balance

of their purpose, wellbeing, standards of leadership and

key focus skills, given the context of their roles. This will be

supplemented by a detailed action plan that each leader

and employee will create for their own development.

Your Company continues to explore newer channels of

learning with platforms like Degreed, Udemy and LinkedIn

learning. Your Company has seen a shift in consumption of

learning which is now byte-sized modules consumed on the

go. This was the year of byte-sized continual learning, where

Annexure to the Report of Board of Directors (continued)

70

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

71

Reports

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Management Committee on a quarterly basis.

• Global Environmental Performance Monitoring Portal:

A database is maintained for all Unilever sites where

environmental performance data is uploaded monthly

on the portal. The ‘Group Manufacturing Environment

Team’ monitors the performance against set targets

and provides feedback as well as management

updates. Audits are conducted at sites randomly

selected by above team through reputed external

auditors (e.g. PwC).

• Environment Sub-Committee: The Environment Sub-

committee consists of team members from various

functions such as Supply Chain, Engineering, Finance,

Research and Development, Legal and Corporate

SHE. It is led by the Executive Director, Supply Chain

and convenes periodically to assess EPR (Extended

Procure Responsibility) plan execution, Environmental

performance in sites (e.g. reduction in water

consumption, reduction in waste generation, improved

methods for waste disposal, reduction in electricity

usage and CO2 emission etc.) and initiatives like Rain

Water use in operations etc.

Risk Assessment

All the emissions/waste generated by your Company are

generally within the permissible limits given by respective

state Pollution Control Boards (PCBs).

PRINCIPLE 7: POLICY ADVOCACY

Businesses, when engaged in influencing

public and regulatory policy, should do so in a

responsible manner

Your Company’s approach to advocacy is guided by the

CoBP. The Code provides that any contact by the Company

or its business associates with government, legislators,

regulators or NGOs must be done with honesty, integrity,

openness and in compliance with applicable laws. Only

authorised and appropriately trained individuals can

interact with these organisations. Prior internal approval is

required for initiating any contact between the Company,

its representatives and officials, aimed at influencing

regulation or legislation.

The Company is represented in key industry and business

associations which include Confederation of Indian

Industry (CII), Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce

and Industry (FICCI), Associated Chamber of Commerce

and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM), Bombay Chamber of

Commerce and Industry (BCCI) and Advertising Standards

Council of India (ASCI).

Many of the Board and senior leadership team members

are associated with several global bodies like the World

Economic Forum (WEF), United Nations Global Compact

(UNGC), apart from the leading business Chambers in India.

Your Company participates in multi-stakeholder

engagements and, when relevant, responds to public

consultations. Some of the key issues on which your

Company engaged with the government in 2020-21 include:

• Effective plastic waste management.

• Engagement with Government on ‘Ease of Doing

Business’ initiatives, including simplifying and

harmonising State and Central laws and compliances.

• Recommending changes on upcoming e-Commerce

policy to mitigate the issue of counterfeits and

fakes sold online.

• Recommending changes to Consumer Protection

Regulations.

• IPR: Recommending changes in the Trademark Act for

more effective enforcement against infringers and

counterfeiters, parallel imports and better process for

recognition and protection of well-known trademarks.

• Effective changes to the Prevention of Sexual

Harassment at Workplace.

• Recommending changes and suggestions under the

Labour Codes and relevant rules.

• Recommendations on changes in the Legal Metrology

Act and Packaged Commodity Rules on decriminalising

offences, easing compliances, etc.

• Recommending changes to the proposed law on Drugs

and Magic Remedies.

• Representation to Government on the draft membrane-

based water purification system regulations.

• Engaging with the Government on the proposed

Data Privacy law and the Non-personal data

framework report.

PRINCIPLE 8: INCLUSIVE GROWTH

Businesses should support inclusive growth and

equitable development

Your Company’s inclusive growth approach focuses

on improving the livelihoods of smallholder farmers,

supporting small-scale retailers and helping young

entrepreneurs. Some of the important initiatives are

mentioned below

Improving livelihoods of smallholder farmers

Your Company has been associated with a number of

smallholder farmers through its supplier partners, training

them on good agricultural practices like drip irrigation,

nutrient management, pest and disease management

to improve their livelihood. Through these programmes,

smallholder farmers have benefitted by a higher yield,

more certain demand and higher incomes.

In Tea, Unilever worked with partners like IDH to start

the trustea programme in 2012, which was aligned with

Unilever Compass sustainability commitments. The

programme has now expanded into a much larger scale in

the industry. Through the programme, 6,07,000 plantation

workers (56% of them women workers) and 65,000 SHFs

(about 30% of India’s tea SHFs) have been positively

impacted. Over 67% of Tea in India procured for Unilever

brands is from sustainable sources.

Over 15,000 smallholder gherkin farmers have benefitted

from Unilever’s innovative Responsible Farming

Programme. The aim of this programme is to increase

productivity, develop best practices and improve

livelihoods of farmers. The gherkins grown in India are

exported globally to other Unilever businesses.

Your Company has worked with its suppliers to partner

with smallholder farmers for cultivation of tomatoes.

These farmers have also benefitted from similar training

initiatives. Till date, your Company has reached out to over

10,000 smallholder farmers who cultivated tomatoes on

more than 8,500 acres of land.

Your Company has expanded the sustainable sourcing

programme to Chicory farming, where 2000 smallholder

farmers benefit from the programme.

Empowering women micro-entrepreneurs

Project Shakti is your Company’s initiative to provide

livelihood enhancing opportunities to women micro

entrepreneurs in rural India. The Shakti Ammas are given

training for familiarisation with your Company’s products

and basic tenets of distribution management. Currently,

there are over 1,36,0000 micro-entrepreneurs as part of

Project Shakti.

Empowering communities through Prabhat

Project Prabhat is a community development initiative of

your Company, that is linked to Unilever Compass. It builds

on local community needs at a grassroot level, in line

with India’s development agenda and UN Sustainable

Development Goals (SDGs]. By doing so, it’s contributing

to a fairer and more socially and environmentally inclusive

world, while using HUL’s scale for good. It ultimately aims

to create sustainable communities in and around HUL sites

through focused interventions on Economic Empowerment

(skilling, entrepreneurship and value chain), Environmental

Sustainability (water conservation, waste management

Annexure to the Report of Board of Directors (continued)

76

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

77

Reports

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Mumbai, 29th April, 2021

(DIN: 06699923)

Annexure to the Report of Board of Directors (continued)

78

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

79

Reports

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of the Company. The

Management Committee of the Company is headed by

the Chairman and: Managing Director and has business/

functional heads as its members, which look after the

management of the day-to-day affairs of the Company.

Composition

The Board of your Company has a good and diverse mix

of Executive and Non-Executive Directors with majority

of the Board Members comprising Independent Directors

and the same is also in line with the applicable provisions

of Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and Securities and

Exchange Board of India (SEBI) (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing

Regulations’). As on date of this Report, the Board consists

of nine Directors comprising one Executive

Managing Director and

Independent Directors of the Company, are liable to retire

by rotation at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) each

year and, if eligible, offer themselves for re-election. The

Executive Directors on the Board have been appointed as

per the provisions of the Act and serve in accordance with

the terms of their contract of employment/contract of

service with the Company.

None of the Independent Director(s) of the Company

resigned before the expiry of their tenure.

As regards the appointment and tenure of Independent

Directors, following is the policy adopted by the Board:

• The Company has adopted the provisions with respect to

appointment and tenure of Independent Directors which

are consistent with the Act and Listing Regulations.

• The Independent Directors can serve a maximum of two

terms of five years each, after the introduction of the Act.

• The Company would not have any upper age limit of

retirement of Independent Directors from the Board

and their appointment and tenure will be governed by

provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations.

• The Company shall ensure that the appointment of any

Non-Executive Director who has attained the age of

75 years is approved by the Members of the Company by

way of a Special Resolution.

Any person who becomes Director or Officer, including an

employee who is acting in a managerial or supervisory

capacity, shall be covered under Directors’ and Officers’

Liability Insurance Policy. The Policy shall also cover

those who serve as a Director, Officer or equivalent of

an outside entity at Company’s request. The Company

has provided insurance cover in respect of legal action

against its Directors under the Directors’ and Officers’

Liability Insurance.

Board Meetings

The Board meets at regular intervals to discuss and decide

on Company/business policy and strategy apart from other

Board businesses. The Board/Committee Meetings are pre-

scheduled and a tentative annual calendar of the Board

and Committee Meetings is circulated to the Directors well

in advance to facilitate them to plan their schedule and to

ensure meaningful participation in the meetings. However,

in case of a special and urgent business need, the Board’s

approval is taken by passing resolutions by circulation, as

permitted by law, which are noted and confirmed in the

subsequent Board Meeting.

The Board business generally includes consideration of

important corporate actions and events including:-

• quarterly and annual results announcements;

• oversight of the performance of the business;

• declaration of dividends;

• development and approval of overall business strategy;

• board succession planning;

• review of the functioning of the Committees; and

• other strategic, transactional and governance matters

as required under the Act, Listing Regulations and other

applicable legislations.

The notice of Board/Committee Meetings is given well in

advance to all the Directors. Usually, Meetings of the Board

are held in Mumbai. The Agenda of the Board/Committee

Meetings is set by the Company Secretary in consultation

with the Chairman and: Managing Director of the Company.

The Agenda is circulated a week prior to the date of the

Meeting. The Board Agenda includes an Action Taken

Report comprising actions emanating from the Board

Meetings and status updates thereof. The Agenda for the

Board and Committee Meetings covers items set out as

per the guidelines in Listing Regulations to the extent it is

relevant and applicable. The Agenda for the Board and

Committee Meetings includes detailed notes on the items

to be discussed at the Meeting to enable the Directors

to take an informed decision. Video/tele-conferencing

facilities are also used to facilitate Directors travelling or

located at other locations to participate in the Meetings.

Prior approval from the Board is obtained for circulating the

agenda items with shorter notice for matters that form part

of the Board and Committee Agenda and are considered to

be in the nature of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information.

During the financial year 2020-21 all the Board and

Committee meetings were conducted through audio

visual means as per the circulars/rules issued by Ministry

of Corporate affairs (MCA) and Securities Exchange

Board of India (SEBI) from time to time, for conduct of

meetings during pandemic. During the financial year

ended 31st March, 2021, eight Board Meetings were

held on 1st April, 2020, 30th April, 2020, 15th May, 2020,

22nd June, 2020, 21st July, 2020, 20th October, 2020,

16th December, 2020 and 27th January, 2021. The maximum

interval between any two Meetings was well within the

maximum allowed gap of 120 days. During the year, the

Board also transacted some of the business under its terms

of reference by passing resolution by circulation.

Board Support

The Company Secretary is responsible for collation,

review and distribution of all papers submitted to the

Board and Committees thereof for consideration. The

Company Secretary is also responsible for preparation of

the Agenda and convening of the Board and Committee

Meetings. The Company Secretary attends all the Meetings

of the Board and its Committees, either in the capacity

of Secretary of the Committees or as a Member of the

Committee. The Company Secretary advises/assures the

Board and its Committees on Compliance and Governance

principles and ensures appropriate recording of minutes

of the Meetings.

With a view to leverage technology and reducing paper

consumption, the Company has adopted a web-based

application for transmitting Board/Committee Agenda

and Pre-reads. The Directors of the Company receive the

Agenda and Pre-reads in electronic form through this

application, which can be accessed through Browsers

or iPads. The application meets high standards of

security and integrity that are required for storage and

transmission of Board/Committee Agenda and Pre-reads

in electronic form.

Separate Independent Directors’ Meetings

The Independent Directors meet at least once in a

quarter, without the presence of Executive Directors or

Management representatives. They also have a separate

meeting with the

Managing Director of the Company along

with the Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee of the Company. The Evaluation process

focused on various aspects of the functioning of the

Board and Committees such as composition of the Board,

Board oversight and effectiveness, performance of Board

Committees, Board skills and structure, etc. Separate

exercise was carried out to evaluate the performance of

individual Directors on parameters such as attendance,

contribution and independent judgement.

As an outcome of the above exercise, it was noted that the

Board as a whole is functioning as a cohesive body which

is well engaged with different perspectives. The Board

has a right balance of discussion between strategic and

operational issues. The Board Members from different

backgrounds bring about different complementarities

and deliberations in the Board and Committee Meetings

are enriched by such diversity and complementarities.

The Board is actively engaged on the key issue concerning

strategy, talent, risk and governance. It was also noted

that the Committees are functioning well and besides

the Committee’s terms of reference as mandated by

law, important issues are brought up and discussed

in the Committees & Board was updated on the same.

The Board also noted that given the changing external

environment, more frequent sessions on strategy with

emphasis on sustainability may be considered. There are

specific areas that have been identified as part of the

exercise for the Board to engage itself with and the same

will be acted upon.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

The Board Committees play a crucial role in the governance

structure of the Company and have been constituted

to deal with specific areas/activities as mandated by

applicable regulation which concern the Company and

need a closer review. The Board Committees are set up

under the formal approval of the Board to carry out clearly

defined roles which are considered to be performed by

Members of the Board, as a part of good governance

practice. The Chairman of the respective Committee

informs the Board about the summary of the discussions

held in the Committee Meetings. The minutes of the

meeting of all Committees are placed before the Board for

review. The Board Committees can request special invitees

to join the meeting, as appropriate.

During the year, all recommendations of the Committees

of the Board which were mandatorily required have been

accepted by the Board.

The Board has established the following statutory and

non-statutory Committees:-

Audit Committee

The Company’s Audit Committee comprises Ms. Kalpana

Morparia as the Chairperson and Mr. O. P. Bhatt, Dr. Sanjiv

Misra and Dr. Ashish Gupta, Independent Directors of the

Company as members of the Committee. During the year,

Mr. Aditya Narayan ceased to be the Chairman and Member

of the Committee with effect from 29th June, 2020. Mr. Leo

Puri was appointed as Chairman of the Committee with

effect from 30th June, 2020. Mr. Leo Puri, however, stepped

down as the Chairman and Member of the Committee

with effect from 2nd February, 2021 and Ms. Kalpana

Morparia was appointed as Chairperson and Member of the

Committee with effect from 2nd February, 2021. Dr. Ashish

Gupta was appointed as a member of the Committee

with effect from 30th April, 2020. All the members of the

Committee have relevant experience in financial matters.

The Audit Committee of the Company is entrusted with the

responsibility to supervise the Company’s internal controls

and financial reporting process and, inter-alia, performs

the following functions:

• overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process

and disclosure of financial information to ensure that the

financial statements are correct, sufficient and credible;

• reviewing and examining with management the

quarterly and annual financial results and the

auditors’ report thereon before submission to the

Board for approval;

• reviewing management discussion and analysis of

financial condition and results of operations;

• reviewing, approving or subsequently modifying any

Related Party Transactions in accordance with the

Related Party Transaction Policy of the Company;

• recommending the appointment, remuneration

and terms of appointment of Statutory Auditors

of the Company and approval for payment of any

other services;

• reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s independence

and performance and effectiveness of audit process;

• reviewing management letters/letters of internal control

weaknesses issued by the Statutory Auditors;

• reviewing with management, Statutory Auditors and

Internal Auditor, the adequacy of internal control systems;

• reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function and

discussing with Internal Auditor any significant finding and

reviewing the progress of corrective actions on such issues;

• evaluating internal financial controls and risk

management systems;

• reviewing the functioning of the Code of the Company

and Whistle-Blowing Mechanism;

• reviewing the utilisation of loans and/or advances from/

investment in the Subsidiary exceeding `100 crores or

10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower

including existing loans/advances/investments.

The Committee is governed by the terms of reference which

are in line with the regulatory requirements mandated

by the Act and Listing Regulations. The detailed terms

of reference of the Audit Committee is contained in the

‘Corporate Governance Code’ which is available on the

website of the Company at https://www.hul.co.in/investor-

relations/corporate-governance/. The Audit Committee

ensures that it has reviewed each area that it is required to

review under its terms of reference and under applicable

legislation or by way of good practice. This periodic

review ensures that all areas within the scope of the

Committee are reviewed.

In addition to quarterly meetings for consideration of

financial results, special meetings of the Audit Committee

are convened. In these meetings, the Audit Committee

reviews various businesses/functions, business risk

assessment, controls and critical IT applications with

implications of security and internal audit and control

assurance reports of all the major divisions of the Company.

The meetings of Audit Committee are also attended by

the Chief Financial Officer, Statutory Auditors and Internal

Auditor as special invitees. The Company Secretary acts

as the Secretary to the Committee. The minutes of each

Audit Committee meeting are placed in the next meeting

of the Board. The Audit Committee also meets the internal

and external auditors separately, without the presence of

Management representatives.

The Audit Committee met eight times during the

financial year ended 31st March, 2021 on 1st April,

2020, 30th April, 2020, 15th May, 2020, 20th July, 2020,

21st July, 2020, 20th October, 2020, 8th December, 2020 and

27th January, 2021.

Internal Controls and Risk Management

The Company has robust systems for Internal Audit and

Corporate Risk assessment and mitigation. The Company

has an independent Internal Audit Department primarily

assisted by outsourced audit teams.

The Internal Audit plan is approved by Audit Committee at

the beginning of every year. The conduct of Internal Audit is

oriented towards the review of internal controls and risks

in the Company’s operations and covers factories, sales

offices, warehouses and centrally controlled businesses

Corporate Governance Report (continued)

84

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

85

Reports

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director, is

attached and forms part of this Report.

The Members of the Management Committee have made

disclosure to the Board of Directors relating to transactions

with potential conflict of interest with the Company. There

were no material, financial or commercial transaction,

between the Company and Members of the Management

Committee that may have a potential conflict with the

interest of the Company at large.

All details relating to financial and commercial

transactions where Directors may have a pecuniary

interest are provided to the Board and the interested

Directors neither participate in the discussion nor vote

on such matters.

The Company has complied with the requirements

specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of the

Regulation 46(2) of the Listing Regulations.

No funds were raised through preferential allotment or

Qualified Institutional Placement as per the Regulation

32(7A) of Listing Regulations.

Corporate Governance Report (continued)

92

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

93

Reports

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Director – Finance & IT and

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, 29th April, 2021

DIN: 06699923

DIN: 02743340

104

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

105

Reports

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated 29th July, 2019 and addendum

to the engagement: letter dated 20th July, 2020.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Hindustan Unilever Limited (“the

Company”), for the year ended 31st March, 2021, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of regulation

46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time (“Listing Regulations”) pursuant to the

Listing Agreement of the Company with Stock Exchanges.

Management’s Responsibility for the Statement

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under the listing regulations is the

responsibility of the Company’s Management including the preparation and maintenance of all the relevant

records and documents. This responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal

control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance stipulated in the

Listing Regulations.

Auditors’ Responsibility

4.

Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the

compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the

financial statements of the Company.

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance

whether the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations

for the year ended 31st March, 2021.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance compliance by the Company in accordance with

the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note on Certification

of Corporate Governance both issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”), in so

far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate. The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical

requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality

Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and

Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that

the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned

Listing Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on Use

10.

The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling the

Company to comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not be used by any other person

or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other

purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior

consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

Aniruddha Godbole

Partner

Membership No. 105149

Mumbai, 29th April, 2021

ICAI UDIN: 21105149AAAACJ6132

Form No. MR – 3 Secretarial Audit Report

For the Financial Year Ended 31st March, 2021

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment

and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,

The Members,

Hindustan Unilever Limited

CIN: L15140MH1933PLC002030

Unilever House, B. D. Sawant Marg,

Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai–400 099

We have conducted Secretarial Audit of compliance with

the applicable statutory provisions and adherence to

good corporate practices by Hindustan Unilever Limited

(hereinafter called ‘the Company’) for the financial year

ended 31st March, 2021. Secretarial Audit was conducted

in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for

evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances

and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books and

papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and

other records maintained by the Company and also the

information provided by the Company, its officers, agents

and authorised representatives during the conduct of

Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that in our opinion,

the Company has, during the audit period covering the

financial year ended 31st March, 2021 complied with

statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the

Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-

mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and

subject to the reporting made hereinafter.

We have examined the books and papers, minute books,

forms and returns filed and other records maintained by

the Company for the financial year ended 31st March, 2021

according to the provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the rules

made thereunder;

(ii)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956

(‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and

Bye-laws framed thereunder;

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules

and regulations made thereunder to the extent

of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct

Investment and External Commercial Borrowings –

Not applicable for External Commercial Borrowings

as there was no reportable event during the financial

year under review;

(v)

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed

under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,

1992 (‘SEBI Act’):

(a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011;

(b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

(c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2018 – Not applicable as there

was no reportable event during the financial

year under review;

(d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Share Based Employee Benefits)

Regulations, 2014;

(e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations,

2008 – Not applicable to the Company as there

was no reportable event during the financial

year under review;

(f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)

Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies

Act and dealing with client – Not applicable as

the Company is not registered as Registrar to

an Issue and Share Transfer Agent during the

financial year under review;

(g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009

– Not applicable as there was no reportable

event during the financial year under review;

(h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 – Not

applicable as there was no reportable event

during the financial year under review; and

(i)

The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

(vi) Management has identified and confirmed the

following laws as being specifically applicable

to the Company:

(a)

The Hazardous Wastes (Management, Handling

and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2008;

(b)

The Insecticide Act, 1968;

(c)

The Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940;

(d)

The Legal Metrology Act, 2009;

106

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

107

Reports

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part

of this report.

For S. N. Ananthasubramanian & Co.

Company Secretaries

ICSI Unique Code: P1991MH040400

Peer Review Cert. No. 606/2019

S. N. Ananthasubramanian

Partner

FCS: 4206 | COP No. 1774

Thane, 27th April, 2021

ICSI UDIN: F004206C000188346

To,

The Members,

Hindustan Unilever Limited

CIN: L15140MH1933PLC002030

Unilever House, B. D. Sawant Marg,

Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 099

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

1.

It is the responsibility of management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise proper systems to

ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are

adequate and operate effectively.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY

2.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures followed by the

Company with respect to secretarial compliances.

3.

We believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company’s management is adequate and

appropriate for us to provide a basis for our opinion.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management’s representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

DISCLAIMER

5.

Due to the pandemic caused by Covid–19 and prevailing lockdowns/restrictions on movement of people imposed by

the Government, for the purpose of issuing this report, we have conducted our audit remotely based on the records

and information made available to us by the Company electronically.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted affairs of the Company.

7.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

For S. N. Ananthasubramanian & Co.

Company Secretaries

ICSI Unique Code: P1991MH040400

Peer Review Cert. No. 606/2019

S. N. Ananthasubramanian

Partner

FCS: 4206 | COP No. 1774

Thane, 27th April, 2021

ICSI UDIN: F004206C000188346

Annexure A to Secretarial Auditors’ Report

Form No. MR – 3 Secretarial Audit Report (continued)

108

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

109

Reports

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W–100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson – Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Amit Sood

Group Controller

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

124

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

125

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W–100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Amit Sood

Group Controller

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

126

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

127

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W–100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Amit Sood

Group Controller

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

128

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

129

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W–100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Amit Sood

Group Controller

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

130

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

131

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W–100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Amit Sood

Group Controller

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

NOTE 42 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

190

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

191

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W–100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Amit Sood

Group Controller

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

202

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

203

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W–100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Amit Sood

Group Controller

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

204

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

205

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W–100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Amit Sood

Group Controller

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

206

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

207

Financial Statements

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended 31st March, 2021

(All amounts in `crores, unless otherwise stated)

(All amounts in `crores, unless otherwise stated)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W–100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Amit Sood

Group Controller

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

208

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

209

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of credit and acceptances

3

6

534

309

NOTE 24 REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS

Year ended

31st March, 2021

Year ended

31st March, 2020

Sale of products

46,269

39,136

Sale of services

52

102

Other operating revenue*

Income from services rendered

222

255

Commission income on consignment sales

264

-

Others (including Government grant, scrap sales, export incentives, etc.)

221

290

47,028

39,783

Total Government grant recognised `108 crores (31st March, 2020: `171 crores).

Reconciliation of Revenue from sale of products and sale of services with the contracted price

Year ended

31st March, 2021

Year ended

31st March, 2020

Contracted Price

51,955

45,204

Less: Trade discounts, volume rebates, etc

(5,634)

(5,966)

Sale of products and sale of services

46,321

39,238

* There is no adjustment made to contract price for revenue recognised as other operating revenue.

Segment-wise Revenue from operations

Year ended

31st March, 2021

Year ended

31st March, 2020

Home Care

13,957

13,640

Beauty & Personal Care

18,038

17,488

Foods & Refreshment

13,204

7,450

Others (includes Exports, Infant & Feminine Care etc.)

1,829

1,205

47,028

39,783

NOTE 25 OTHER INCOME

Year ended

31st March, 2021

Year ended

31st March, 2020

Interest income on

Bank deposits

216

284

Current investments

6

39

Others (including interest on Income tax refunds)

124

169

Dividend income from

Non-current investments

1

1

Other non-operating income

Fair value gain on investments measured at fair value through profit or loss*

63

137

Net gain on sale of investments

-

2

410

632

*Includes realised gain on sale of investment of `52 crores (31st March, 2020: `65 crores).

NOTE 26 COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED

Year ended

31st March, 2021

Year ended

31st March, 2020

Raw materials consumed

13,020

9,306

Packing materials consumed

2,412

2,670

15,432

11,976

NOTE 27 PURCHASES OF STOCK-IN-TRADE

Year ended

31st March, 2021

Year ended

31st March, 2020

Purchases of stock-in-trade

7,121

6,391

7,121

6,391

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

236

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

237

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W–100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Amit Sood

Group Controller

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

Statement containing salient features of the consolidated financial statements of

subsidiaries/Joint Ventures

Part A: Subsidiaries

Sr.

No.

Name of the

subsidiary

Unilever

India

Exports

Limited

Pond's

Exports

Limited

Unilever

Nepal

Limited -

Indian `

Unilever

Nepal

Limited -

Nepalese

`

Lakme

Lever

Private

Limited

Unilever

India

Limited

Jamnagar

Properties

Private

Limited

Daverashola

Estates

Private

Limited

Hindustan

Unilever

Foundation

Bhavishya

Alliance

Child

Nutrition

Initiatives

Hindlever

Trust

Limited

Levindra

Trust

Limited

Levers

Associated

Trust

Limited

(note i, ii, and iii)

1

The date since

when subsidiary

was acquired

26-06-1963

15-10-1998

22-06-1992

19-12-2008

07-06-2020

16-10-2006

16-03-2005

19-12-2012

12-03-2015

01-04-1958

11-12-1946

11-12-1946

2

Reporting period

31-03-2021

31-03-2021

15-07-2020 (Ashaad,

31, 2077)

31-03-2021

07-06-2020

to

31-03-2021

31-03-2021

31-03-2021

31-03-2021

31-03-2021

31-03-2021

31-03-2021

31-03-2021

3

Share capital

3

2

6

9

36

60

5

0

0

0

0

0

0

4

Reserves & surplus

231

(14)

142

227

158

(4)

(5)

(1)

5

(0)

(0)

(0)

(0)

5

Total assets

629

2

288

460

495

62

-

-

5

-

0

0

0

6

Total Liabilities

395

14

140

224

301

6

-

1

0

-

-

0

(0)

7

Investments

6

-

-

-

-

19

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

8

Turnover

1,194

-

318

509

230

-

-

-

23

-

-

-

-

9

Profit/(loss) before

taxation

201

(1)

33

53

(14)

(3)

-

-

0

(0)

(0)

(0)

(0)

10

Provision for

taxation

50

-

13

21

5

1

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

11

Profit/(loss) after

taxation

151

(1)

20

32

(19)

(4)

-

-

0

(0)

(0)

(0)

(0)

12

Proposed Dividend

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

13

% of shareholding

100%

90%

80%

100%

100%

100%

100%

76%

100%

100%

100%

100%

Notes: i) Converted into Indian Rupees at the Exchange rate INR 1 = 1.6 Nepalese Rupees

ii) The financial statements have been audited by a firm of Chartered Accountants other than B S R & Co. LLP.

iii) The financial statements are as on 31st March, 2021.

Part B: Joint Venture - Nil

For and on behalf of Board of Directors

Sanjiv Mehta

Srinivas Phatak

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director, was honoured with the prestigious AIMA – JRD Tata Corporate

Leadership Award 2020 at the All India Management Association’s (AIMA) 65th Foundation Day & 15th National

Management Day virtual celebrations, 2021

• Sanjiv Mehta, Chairman and: Managing Director, received the prestigious Pralhad P. Chhabria Memorial Global Award

for his Outstanding Contribution to the FMCG Industry

• Our

letter mentioning the name

and address of the Member, self-attested copy

of the PAN card, and self-attested copy of any

document (eg.: Driving License, Election Identity

Card, Passport) in support of the address of the

Member. Members holding shares in dematerialised

mode are requested to register/update their e-mail

addresses with the relevant Depository Participants.

In case of any queries/difficulties in registering the

e-mail address, Members may write to levercare.

shareholder@unilever.com.

8.

The Notice of AGM along with Annual Report for the

financial year 2020-21, is available on the website

of the Company at www.hul.co.in, on the website of

Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock

Exchange of India Limited and on the website of NSDL

at www.evoting.nsdl.com.

PROCEDURE

FOR

REMOTE

E-VOTING

AND

E-VOTING DURING THE AGM:

9.

Pursuant to Section 108 of the Act, Rule 20 of the

Companies (Management and Administration)

Rules, 2014, as amended and Regulation 44 of Listing

Regulations, the Company is pleased to provide the

facility to Members to exercise their right to vote on

the resolutions proposed to be passed at AGM by

electronic means.

10.

The Members, whose names appear in the Register

of Members/list of Beneficial Owners as on

Tuesday, 15th June, 2021, i.e. the date prior to the

commencement of book closure, being the cut-off

date, are entitled to vote on the Resolutions set forth

in this Notice. A person who is not a Member as on

the cut-off date should treat this Notice of AGM for

information purpose only.

11.

Members may cast their votes on electronic voting

system from any place (remote e-voting). The remote

e-voting period will commence at 9.00 a.m. on

Thursday, 17th June, 2021 and will end at 5.00 p.m. on

Monday, 21st June, 2021. In addition, the facility for

voting through electronic voting system shall also be

made available during the AGM. Members attending

the AGM who have not cast their vote by remote

e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote through

e-voting during the AGM. Members who have voted

through remote e-voting shall be eligible to attend

the AGM, however, they shall not be eligible to vote at

the meeting. Members holding shares in physical form

are requested to access the remote e-voting facility

provided by the Company through NSDL e-voting

system at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/.

12.

The details of the process and manner for remote

e-voting are explained herein below:

Step 1: Access to NSDL e-voting system:

Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/

CIR/P/2020/242 dated 9th December, 2020 on

“e-voting facility provided by Listed Companies”,

e-voting process has been enabled for all the

individual demat account holders, by way of single

login credential, through their demat accounts/

websites of Depositories/DPs in order to increase the

efficiency of the voting process. Individual demat

account holders would be able to cast their vote

without having to register again with the e-voting

service provider (ESP) thereby not only facilitating

seamless authentication but also ease and

convenience of participating in e-voting process.

272

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

273

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter along with self-attested copy of PAN Card and

original cancelled cheque through e-mail at levercare.

shareholder@unilever.com. The original cancelled

cheque should bear the name of the Member. In the

alternative Members are requested to submit a copy

of bank passbook/statement attested by the bank.

Members holding shares in demat form are requested

to submit the aforesaid information to their respective

Depository Participant.

44. Members can also provide their feedback on the

shareholder services of the Company using the

‘Shareholders Satisfaction Survey’ form available

on the ‘ Investor Relations’ page of the website

of the Company at www.hul.co.in. This feedback

will help the Company in improving Shareholder

Service Standards.

EXPLANATORY STATEMENT

Item No. 6

The Board of Directors of the Company, on the

recommendation of the Audit Committee, approved the

appointment and remuneration of M/s. RA & Co., Cost

Accountants (Firm Registration No. 000242), to conduct the

audit of the cost records of the Company for the financial

year ending 31st March, 2022. In terms of the provisions of

Section 148(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule

14(a)(ii) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014,

the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor is required to

be approved by the Members of the Company. Accordingly,

consent of the Members is sought for the remuneration

payable to the Cost Auditors.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or

their relatives, are concerned or interested, financially or

otherwise, in this Resolution.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at

Item No. 6 for the approval of Members.

Registered Office:

Unilever House,

B. D. Sawant Marg,

Chakala, Andheri (East),

Mumbai – 400 099

Mumbai: 29th April, 2021

By Order of the Board

Dev Bajpai

Executive Director

Legal & Corporate Affairs

and Company Secretary

FCS No: 3354/DIN: 00050516

280

Hindustan Unilever Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

281

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

of the Company and continued his responsibilities for

Unilever in South Asia. In May 2019, he was also appointed

as President of Unilever, South Asia and Member of the

Unilever Leadership Executive (ULE), which is the global

executive Board of Unilever.

Mr Mehta joined Unilever in October 1992 and has been

with the Company for 29 years. During the last 19 years,

he has led businesses in different parts of the world

including South Asia, South East Asia, North Africa and

Middle East. He was Chairman and: Managing Director

of Unilever Bangladesh from 2002-2006,

Managing Director of the Gujarat Industrial

Development Corporation and stints at senior levels in the

Government of India in the Cabinet Office, the Ministry of

Petroleum, the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare and the

Ministry of Finance. He served as a Secretary in the Ministry

of Finance till his superannuation.

Dr. Misra has represented India in various international

conferences, seminars and negotiations. Dr. Misra has

been a Member of the Advisory Council of the Asian

Development Bank Institute, Tokyo. He was also a

Member of the Committee on Fiscal Consolidation (Kelkar

Committee) set up by the Finance Minister in August, 2012

to chart out a road map for fiscal consolidation for the

Indian economy.

Dr. Misra graduated in Economics from St. Stephen’s

College, Delhi. He has a Master’s degree in Economics

from Delhi School of Economics, a Master’s degree in

Public Administration from John F Kennedy School of

Government, Harvard University, USA and a Ph.D. from

Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi. In recognition of

exceptional academic strengths and leadership qualities,

Dr. Misra was designated as Lucius N Littauer Fellow of

1987 at Harvard University.

Dr. Misra was appointed as an Independent Director on the

Board of the Company in April, 2013. He is the Chairman

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and a

Member of the Audit Committee and Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee of the Company.

Dr. Misra does not hold any Directorship or

Membership/Chairmanship of the Board Committees in

other Companies.

KALPANA MORPARIA (DIN: 00046081)

Ms. Kalpana Morparia (71) is former Chairman of

J. P. Morgan, South and Southeast Asia and Member of

J. P. Morgan’s Asia Pacific Management Committee.

Prior to joining J. P. Morgan India, Ms. Morparia served as

Vice Chair on the Boards of ICICI Group Companies. She

was a Joint: Managing Director of ICICI Group from 2001 to

2007. She had been with the ICICI Group since 1975.

A graduate in law from Bombay University, Ms. Morparia

has served on several committees constituted by the

Government of India. She has also been recognised by

several International & National media for her role as one

of the leading women professionals.

Ms. Morparia serves as an Independent Director on the

Boards of Dr. Reddy’s Lab. Ltd., Philip Morris International

Inc. She is also a Member of the Governing Board of

Bharti Foundation.

Ms. Morparia was appointed as an Independent Director

on the Board of the Company with effect from 9th October,

2014. She is Chairperson of the Audit Committee and a

Member of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee

and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

of the Company.

Directorship in other Companies

Listed

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited (Independent Director)

Membership/

