Managing Director

39 Our Board of Directors

40 Corporate Information

41 Directors’ Report

60 Management Discussion and

Analysis Report

69 Corporate Governance Report

87 Business Responsibility Report

100 Financial Statements

169 Statement containing salient features of

the financial statement of subsidiaries/

associate companies/joint ventures

171 Notice of AGM:

Dear Shareholders,

36

Annual Report 2020-21:

Managing Director: Dear Shareholders,

Saadar Pranaam!

Our Company is a diversified FMCG and FMHG focussed

company, with strategically located manufacturing facilities

and well recognised brands having pan-India presence. We

are one of the largest FMCG companies in the Indian edible

oil sector and one of the largest fully integrated edible oil

refining companies in India. We, at Ruchi Soya, were excited

about the journey ahead as we contribute towards our

society, economy and the nation.

Integrated value chain

We primarily operate in the business of processing of

oilseeds, refining of crude edible oil for use as cooking oil,

manufacturing of soya products and value-added products.

Being the pioneers and largest manufacturers of soya foods

has aided our brand ‘Nutrela’ to become a household and

generic brand in India. We are present across the entire

value chain in palm and soya segment, with a healthy mix

of upstream and downstream business, with farm-to-fork

business model.

We are one of the largest integrated oilseed solvent extraction

and edible oil refining company in India. Our presence is

spread across a wide spectrum of products including Edible

oil, Hydrogenated fats (vanaspati) and bakery fats, and, By-

products and derivatives of edible oil. Today, our brand ‘Ruchi

Gold’ is the highest selling palm oil brand in the country and

Ruchi Soya is one of the leading players in soyabean oil.

Stable performance

During the year under review, our Profit before tax and

exceptional item was ` 514.40 crore, from ` 210.38 crore

in the year before. Total Income increased to ` 16,382.97

crore, as compared to ` 13,175.36 crore in the fiscal year

FY2020. Moving ahead, we are eyeing multi-fold jump in

turnover in the next few years as we add new products in

the FMCG and FMHG segments. We are also looking to

increase our turnover by launching new products, through

maximum capacity utilisation and by increasing cover

under palm plantation to 5 lakh hectares, from the current

54,763 hectares.

Benefiting from a diverse portfolio

Leveraging on brand ‘Nutrela’, we launched a range of

premium edible oils and blended edible oils and ‘Nutrela High

Protein Chakki Atta’ and ‘Nutrela Honey’ during the year.

To undertake palm plantation, we have been allocated zones

by the Government, assisting us in backward integration

of sourcing palm oil. Ruchi Soya is the largest player in

terms of allocated zones. Our integration also extends

downstream to the oleochemicals and other by-products and

derivatives business.

Committed to sustainable future

We are in the wind power generation business, where the

renewable power generated is used for sale and for captive

use. This also helps us to partially offset our carbon footprint.

We have been focusing on sourcing power from renewable

energy sources on path to sustainable future. We generate

wind power for an aggregate of 85.2 MW across eleven

locations in six states.

Vote of thanks

As we look ahead, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I take

this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to our

Shareholders, Banks & Financial Institutions, Employees,

Distributors and Farmers for their support and trust.

We look forward to collaborating with the government,

industry and the broader society to help us achieve our

mission and enhance value for all our stakeholders.

I seek your continued support to grow and progress our

Company to greater heights.

Wishing good luck to all.

Managing Director

up to 18th August, 2020): Managing

Managing Director

4.

Shri Girish

Kumar Ahuja

Non-Executive - Independent

Director

S.

No.

Name of

Director

Category

5

Shri Tejendra

Mohan Bhasin

Non-Executive - Independent

Director

6.

Mrs. Gyan

Sudha Misra

Non-Executive - Independent

Director

Key Managerial Personnel

Shri Acharya Balkrishna had tendered his resignation from the

office of: Managing

Managing Director or

Whole-time Director of the Company.

b.

During the year under review, the Company has not

bought back any of its securities/ not issued any sweat

equity shares / not provided any Stock Option Scheme

to its employees / not issued any equity shares with

differential rights.

c.

There was no revision of the previous year’s financial

statements during the financial year under review.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

Your Directors place on record their gratitude to the Central

Government, State Governments and Company’s Bankers for

the assistance, co-operation and encouragement they extended

to the Company. Your Directors also wish to place on record

their sincere thanks and appreciation for the continuing support

and unstinting efforts of investors, vendors, dealers, business

associates and employees in ensuring an excellent all around

performance of the company.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

Ruchi Soya Industries Limited

Acharya Balkrishna

Place: Haridwar

Chairman

Date : August 14, 2021

DIN: 01778007:

Managing Director

N.A.

N.A.

Shri Ram Bharat: Managing Director

N.A.

N.A.

Non-Executive Directors

Shri Acharya Balkrishna

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director –

Managing Director during the year ended

March 31, 2021.

3.

There were total 2567 permanent employees on the roll of

the Company as on March 31, 2021.

4.

Average percentage increase made in the salaries of

employees other than the managerial personnel in the

financial year ended March 31, 2021 was 10.77 %. The

increase in the remuneration of the employees was as per

the policy of the Company.

5.

It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration is as per the

Nomination & Board Diversity Policy of the Company.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

Ruchi Soya Industries Limited

Acharya Balkrishna

Place: Haridwar

Chairman

Date : August 14, 2021

DIN: 01778007:

letter dated 15th September,

2020 from SEBI mentioning that the Company is not in

compliance of regulation 160 (d) of the SEBI (Issue of Capital

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 while making

preferential issue. Hence, SEBI decided not to accede to the

request of the Company for extension of time for making an

allotment and relaxation from other applicable provisions.

CS Prashant Diwan

Practicing Company Secretary

FCS: 1403 CP: 1979

Place: Mumbai

PR: 530/2017

Date: 14.08.2021

UDIN: F001403C000787243

This report is to be read with our: letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this

report.

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. My responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices, I followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the company.

4.

Where ever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate, Specific and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

7.

I have not carried out the physical verification of any records due to prevailing conditions of COVID-19 in the country. I have

relied on the records as made available by the Company through digital mode as well as I have also relied on the Management

representation made by the Company.

CS Prashant Diwan

Practicing Company Secretary

FCS: 1403 CP: 1979

Place: Mumbai

PR: 530/2017

Date : 14.08.2021

UDIN: F001403C000787243:

Managing Director

DIN: 01651754

Acharya Balkrishna

Chairman

Chairman – CSR Committee

DIN: 01778007:

letter and spirit, but also to aim at

implementing the best practices, keeping in view the overall

interest of all its stakeholders. Your Company takes Corporate

Governance as a critical tool to enhance trust of its Customers,

Employees, Investors, Government and the Community at large

and achieve its goal of maximizing value for its stakeholders.

The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for Board

Members and senior Management.

Ethical dealings, transparency, Integrity, fairness, disclosure

and accountability are the main thrust of the working of the

Company.

The Company further believes that the concept of corporate

governance is founded upon the core values of transparency,

empowerment, accountability, independent monitoring and

environmental consciousness. The Company has always given

its best efforts to uphold and nurture these core values across

all operational aspects.

The Company continuously follows the procedure of Corporate

Governance for ensuring and protecting the rights of its

shareholders by means of transparency, integrity, accountability,

trusteeship and checks at different levels of the management

of the Company.

Corporate Governance Report

BOARD OF DIRECTORS (“BOARD”):

Composition, Category and size of the Board

The Board of the Company is broad-based and consists of

eminent individuals. The Company is managed by the Board of

Directors in co-ordination with the Senior Management team.

As on March 31, 2021, the Board of the Company comprises

of six (6) directors. The Board has an optimum combination of

executive and non-executive Directors including one (1) woman

independent director. Out of total six (6) directors, one (1) is

executive director, two (2) are non-executive directors and three

(3) are independent directors. The composition of the Board of

Directors of the Company is in conformity with Regulation 17

of the Listing Regulations and Section 149 of the Companies

Act, 2013.

Meetings of Board

During the year, Company’s Board met six (6) times i.e. on June

9, 2020, June 26, 2020, August 19, 2020, November 10, 2020,

February 10, 2021 and March 30, 2021. The Company has held

a minimum of one board meeting in each quarter and maximum

gap between two consecutive meetings did not exceed 120

days which is in compliance with the Listing Regulations and

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.

Agenda papers are sent electronically to the directors, well

in advance, before the meetings. Draft minutes of the board

and committee meetings are circulated to the directors of the

Company for their comments and thereafter, noted by the

board/ committees at the next meeting.

The following table gives the composition and category of the

directors on the Board as on March 31, 2021 their attendance at

the board meetings during the year under review and at the last

annual general meeting, as also the number of directorships and

committee memberships/ chairmanships held by them in other

Companies and names of the other Listed Companies where

he/she is a director & the category of directorship:

Name of Director

Category

Attendance

Particulars

Number of other Directorships and

Committee Memberships/ Chairmanships

Name of other Listed

Companies & category of

Directorship

Board

Meeting

Last

AGM

Other

Directorship

Committee

Memberships

Committee

Chairmanships

Shri Acharya

Balkrishna,

Chairman and

Director

Promoter,

Non-

Executive

5

Yes

16

-

-

-

Shri Swami Ramdev,

Director

Promoter,

Non-

Executive

6

Yes

1

-

-

-:

Managing Director with effect from August 18, 2020 and agreed to

continue as non-executive chairman of the Company.

2.

Shri Ram Bharat was designated as: Managing Director of the Company with effect from August 19, 2020 till December 17, 2022

3.

Shri Rajat Sharma resigned from the office of independent director with effect from July 2, 2020, due to his pre-occupation.

4.

Smt. Bhavna Samir Shah resigned from the office of independent director with effect from July 13, 2020 due to her pre-occupation.

5.

Shri Tejendra Mohan Bhasin and Smt. Gyan Sudha Misra were appointed as additional directors in the category of non-executive independent

director of the Company for a term of three (3) consecutive years with effect from August 13, 2020 to August 12, 2023.

6.

managing director with effect from August 18, 2020 and agreed to

continue as non-executive chairman of the Company.

Induction and Familiarisation Programme for

Directors

The Company has a familiarisation programme for its

Independent Directors. The objective of the programme is

to familiarise the Independent Directors to enable them to

understand the Company, its operations, strategies, business,

functions, policies, industry and environment in which it

functions and the regulatory environment applicable to it.

These include orientation programme upon induction of new

Directors as well as other initiatives to update the Directors on a

continuous basis. An induction kit is provided to new Directors

which includes the Annual Report, overview of the Company,

charters of the Committees, annual Board/Committee Meeting

calendar, Code of Conduct for Non-Executive Directors

including Independent Directors, Company’s Code of Conduct

for Prevention of Insider Trading and Code of Corporate

Disclosure Practices, etc. Meetings with Business/Functional

Heads are organized to provide a brief on the businesses/

functions.

Pursuant to Regulation 25(7) of the SEBI Listing Regulations,

the Company imparted familiarisation programmes for its

Directors including review of long-term strategy, industry

outlook, regulatory updates at the Board and Audit Committee

Meetings, Cyber Security, Information Technology, Tax, Digital

Strategy and Litigation updates. Besides the above, presentation

on Risk Management, update on initiatives undertaken by the

Company towards the community during Covid-19 etc. are

made at the respective Committee Meetings. The Directors

are also regularly updated by sharing various useful reading

material/newsletters relating to the Company’s performance,

operations, business highlights, developments in the industry,

sustainability initiatives, customer-centric initiatives, its market

and competitive position on the Board Application.

Pursuant to Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations,

the details of such familiarisation programme are available on

the website of the Company at: http://www.ruchisoya.com/

ind_director/Familiarisation_programme_for_Independent_

Directors.pdf

List of core skills/expertise/competencies identified

by the Board of Directors as required in the context of

Company’s business(es) and sector(s) for it to function

effectively and those actually available with the Board and

the names of directors who have such skills/expertise/

competencies are as follows:

The following is the list of core skills/expertise/competencies

identified by the Board of Directors as required in the context

of Company’s business(es) and sector(s) and the names of

directors who have such skills/expertise/competencies:

Sr.

No.

Skills/Expertise/

Competencies

Names of Directors who

have skills / expertise /

competencies

1

Leadership and

Management Strategy

Shri Swami Ramdev,

Shri Acharya Balkrishna and

Shri Tejendra Mohan Bhasin

2

Strategic Planning

Shri Ram Bharat

3

Research &

Development and

Innovation

Shri Swami Ramdev and

Shri Acharya Balkrishna:

Managing Director

is governed by the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee, Remuneration and Board

Diversity Policy and approval of the Board of Directors

and Shareholders of the Company.

The Remuneration and Board Diversity Policy is

displayed on the Company’s website viz. www.ruchisoya.

com/policies/remuneration_and_Board_Diversity_

Policy.pdf.

Details of remuneration paid to Directors for the year ended March 31, 2021:

a.

Executive Directors

(`)

Name of Directors

Salary

Commission

Perquisites

Total

Shri Acharya Balkrishna

Chairman and Non-executive Director (see note 1 below)

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Shri Ram Bharat: Managing

Managing Director w.e.f. August 19, 2020

(b)

Details of the BR head

Name

DIN

Number

Designation

Telephone

number

e-mail id

Shri Ram Bharat

01651754: Managing

letter from the management on

the assessment of those matters as per SA 580 (revised) -

written representations.

InfoRMATIon

oTheR

ThAn

The

fInAncIAL STATeMenTS And AudIToR’S

RepoRT TheReon

The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other

information. The other information comprises the information

included in the annual report but does not include the financial

statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not

cover the other information and we do not express any form of

assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the standalone financial

statements, our responsibility is to read the other information

and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is

materially inconsistent with the standalone financial statements

or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to

be materially misstated.

When we read the other information identified above, if we

conclude that there is a material misstatement therein we are

required to communicate the matter to those charged with

governance.

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with

Governance for the Standalone Financial Statements

The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the

matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to

the preparation of these standalone financial statements that

give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial

performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company

in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted

in India, including the accounting Standards specified under

section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes

maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance

with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets

of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and

other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate

implementation and maintenance of accounting policies; making

judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and

design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal

financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring

the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records,

relevant to the preparation and presentation of the standalone

financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free

from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the standalone financial statements, management

is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue

as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to

going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting

unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or

to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

That Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the

Company’s financial reporting process.:

Managing Director

Place: Haridwar

Place: Haridwar

DIN No. 01778007

DIN No. 01651754

Vijay napawaliya

Sanjay Kumar

Ramji Lal gupta

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership no. 109859

Place: Indore

Place: Indore

Place: Mumbai

Date: June 29, 2021:

Managing Director

Place: Haridwar

Place: Haridwar

DIN No. 01778007

DIN No. 01651754

Vijay napawaliya

Sanjay Kumar

Ramji Lal gupta

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership no. 109859

Place: Indore

Place: Indore

Place: Mumbai

Date: June 29, 2021:

Managing Director

Place: Haridwar

Place: Haridwar

DIN No. 01778007

DIN No. 01651754

Vijay napawaliya

Sanjay Kumar

Ramji Lal gupta

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership no. 109859

Place: Indore

Place: Indore

Place: Mumbai

Date: June 29, 2021:

Managing Director

Place: Haridwar

Place: Haridwar

DIN No. 01778007

DIN No. 01651754

Vijay napawaliya

Sanjay Kumar

Ramji Lal gupta

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership no. 109859

Place: Indore

Place: Indore

Place: Mumbai

Date: June 29, 2021:

Letter of comfort backed:

Letter of comfort backed by board resolution

issued by Patanjali Ayurved Limited, Patanjali Parivahan Pvt Ltd, Yogakshem Sansthan and Patanjali Gramudyog Nayas,

and Personal Guarantee of the Directors of Patanjali Ayurved Limited.

(ii)

Working Capital Loans are repayable in 24 months from the date of loan disbursement. In case, repayable is not

completed within 24 months, the promoter will infuse additional resources to liquidate the working capital loans.

(iii) The above working capital loan, inter-alia, include an option to convert the outstanding amounts into equity shares of

the Company in the event of default under the Facility Agreements or any other finance documents.

Maturity Profile of Working capital loans from banks is as under

(` in Lakh)

financial Year

Amount

2021-22

5,583.33

2022-23

1,777.78

g

Interest rates on above term loans and working capital loan from 6.95% to 10.60% p.a.

h

(i)

Preference Share: 45,000,000 0.0001% Non-Convertible Redeemable Cumulative Preference Share of ` 100/- each

were issued to the Patanjali Ayurved Limited in accordance with the Resolution Plan as approved by the Hon’ble NCLT

Mumbai. The same are repayable on December 16, 2031.

(ii) Reconciliation of number of shares:-

(` in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

preference Shares

Balance at the beginning of the year

45,000,000

200,000

Less: Shares reduction during the year

-

200,000

Add: Shares issued during the year

-

45,000,000

Balance at the end of the year

45,000,000

45,000,000:

Letter of comfort backed by

board resolution issued by Patanjali Ayurved Limited, Patanjali Parivahan Pvt Ltd, Yogakshem Sansthan and Patanjali

Gramudyog Nayas, and Personal Guarantee of the Directors of Patanjali Ayurved Limited.

(ii)

Working Capital Loans are repayable on demand and Short term loan To be repayable in 12 months. In case, repayable

is not completed within 12 months, the promoter will infuse additional resources to liquidate the short term loan.

(iii) The above short term loans and working capital loan, inter-alia, include an option to convert the outstanding amounts

into equity shares of the Company in the event of default under the Facility Agreements or any other finance documents.

noTe - 16(b) TRAde pAYABLeS due To

(` in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Micro and Small Enterprises

216.22

403.19

Related parties [Refer Note 38]

647.97

404.66

Other than Micro and Small Enterprises

65,193.13

15,681.64

66,057.32

16,489.49

note:

(i)

The Company has identified (based on information available) Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises as those registered under

Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (‘MSMED Act’).:

Managing Director

Place: Haridwar

Place: Haridwar

DIN No. 01778007

DIN No. 01651754

Vijay napawaliya

Sanjay Kumar

Ramji Lal gupta

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership no. 109859

Place: Indore

Place: Indore

Place: Mumbai

Date: June 29, 2021:

Managing Director

DIN: 01651754

Sanjay Kumar

Chief Financial Officer

Ramji Lal gupta

Company Secretary

Place: Haridwar

Date: June 29, 2021:

Managing Director, Shri Sanjeev Kumar Asthana, Chief

Executive Officer, Shri Ramji Lal Gupta, Company

Secretary and Shri Sanjay Kumar, Chief Financial Officer

of the Company, be and are hereby severally authorized

to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be

considered necessary in this regard for and on behalf

of the Company, including but not limited to, filing of

necessary forms, returns and submissions under the Act

to give effect to this resolution.”

By Order of the Board of Directors

For Ruchi Soya Industries Limited

Place: Mumbai

Ramji Lal Gupta

Date : August 14, 2021

Company Secretary

Registered Office:

“Ruchi House”, Royal Palms,

Survey No. 169, Aarey Milk Colony,

Near Mayur Nagar, Goregaon (East),

Mumbai - 400065, Maharashtra, India:

letter

mentioning the name, demat account number/folio

number, email id, mobile number and address of

the Member, self-attested copy of the PAN card

and of any document (eg.: Driving License, Election

Identity Card, Passport) as supporting documents.

Members holding shares in dematerialised mode are

requested to register / update their email addresses

with the relevant Depository Participants.

8.

Procedure to raise questions / seek clarifications

with respect to annual report:

(i)

Members who wish to express their views / ask

questions during the AGM may register themselves

as a speaker by sending their request and questions

in advance atleast seven (7) days prior to AGM:

letter etc. together

with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory who are authorized to

vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company

at the email address viz; ruchisoyasecretarial@

ruchisoya.com, if they have voted from

individual tab & not uploaded same in the

CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to

verify the same.

11.

Instructions for shareholders attending the AGM

through VC/OAVM & e-voting during meeting are

as under:

1.

The procedure for attending meeting & e-voting

on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions

mentioned above for e-voting.

2.

The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will

be available where the EVSN of Company will

be displayed after successful login as per the

instructions mentioned above for e-voting.

3.

Shareholders who have voted through Remote

e-voting will be eligible to attend the meeting.

However, they will not be eligible to vote at the

AGM.

4.

Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting

through Laptops / IPads for better experience.

5.

Further shareholders will be required to allow

Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid

any disturbance during the meeting.

6.

Please note that participants connecting from Mobile

Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting

via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video

loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network.

It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or

LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid

glitches.

7.

Those shareholders who have registered themselves

as a speaker will only be allowed to express their

views/ask questions during the meeting.

8.

Only those shareholders, who are present in the

AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not

casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote

e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing

so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting system

available during the EGM.

9.

If any Votes are cast by the shareholders through the

e-voting available during the AGM and if the same

shareholders have not participated in the meeting

through VC/OAVM facility, then the votes cast by

such shareholders shall be considered invalid as the

facility of e-voting during the meeting is available

only to the shareholders attending the meeting.

12.

Process for those shareholders whose email/mobile

no. are not registered with the company/depositories.

1.

For Physical shareholders - please provide necessary

details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned

copy of the share certificate (front and back),

PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card),

AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar

Card) by email to Company/RTA email id.

2.

For Demat shareholders - Please update your email

id & mobile no. with your respective Depository

Participant (DP)

3.

For Individual Demat shareholders - Please update

your email id & mobile no. with your respective

Depository Participant (DP) which is mandatory

while e-Voting & joining virtual meetings through

Depository.

If you have any queries or issues regarding attending

AGM & e-voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, you:

letter along with self-attested

copy of PAN Card and original cancelled cheque

through email at investors@sarthakglobal.com

or

ruchisoyasecretarial@ruchisoya.com.

The

original cancelled cheque should bear the name

of the Member. In the alternative, Members are

requested to submit a copy of bank passbook /

statement attested by the bank. Members holding

shares in demat form are requested to submit the

aforesaid information to their respective Depository

Participant(s).

(iv) Sarthak Global Limited, 170/10, Film Colony,

R.N.T. Marg, Indore 452001 (M.P.) is the Share

Transfer Agent of the Company. Sarthak Global

Limited is also the depository interface of the

Company with both NSDL and CDSL. Members

are requested to address all correspondences to the

said Share Transfer Agent.

(v)

The Company has appointed CS Prashant Diwan,

Practicing Company Secretary, as Scrutinizer to

scrutinize the remote e-voting process and e-voting

system at the AGM in a fair and transparent manner.

(vi) Members who wish to claim their dividends that

remained unpaid / unclaimed, are requested to

correspond with the Company or to the Share

Transfer Agent. The amount of dividend remaining

unpaid / unclaimed for a period of seven (7) years

from the due date is required to be transferred

to the Investor Education and Protection Fund

(“IEPF”), constituted by the Central Government.

The Company had, accordingly, transferred the

unpaid and unclaimed dividend amount pertaining

to dividend for the financial year 2012-13 to the

IEPF within the stipulated time period during the

year.

(vii) Members are requested to note that shares on

which dividend remains unpaid / unclaimed for a

period of seven (7) consecutive years, will also be

transferred to the IEPF in terms of the provisions

of Section 124 of the Act and the applicable rules

made thereunder.

(viii) Members holding shares in physical form are

requested to intimate changes pertaining to their

bank account details, mandates, nominations,

change of address, e-mail address etc., if any, to

the Company or Company’s Share Transfer Agent.

Members holding shares in electronic form must

intimate the changes, if any, to their respective

Depository Participant(s).

(ix) The

facility

for

making/varying/cancelling

nominations is available for individual shareholders:

Managing Director of the

Company.

Shareholding including shareholding as beneficial owner

in the Company as on March 31, 2021: Shri Swami Ramdev

is one of the significant beneficial owners of 6,00,00,000 equity

shares held by Yogakshem Sansthan and 4,00,00,000 equity

shares held by Patanjali Gramudhyog Nayas.

List of Companies (other than Ruchi Soya Industries

Limited) in which Shri Swami Ramdev holds Directorships:

Yogakshem Sansthan

List of Companies (other than Ruchi Soya Industries

Limited)

in

which

Shri

Swami

Ramdev

holds

Chairmanship/Membership in Audit Committee and

Stakeholders Relationship Committee: Nil:

