Dear Shareholders,

We at SRSL have

withstood these

demanding circumstances

and survived to emerge

stronger and better.

14

Shree Renuka Sugars Limited – Annual Report 2020-21

GROWTH WITH SUSTAINABILITY:

letter of

appointment in accordance with the Guidelines

provided under the Act;

10.4 Developing a succession plan for the Board and

Senior Management and regularly reviewing the

plan;

10.5 Evaluating

the

performance

of

the

Board

members and Senior Management in the context

of the Company’s performance from business and

compliance perspective;

10.6 Making recommendations to the Board concerning

any matters relating to the continuation in office of

any Director at any time including the suspension

or termination of service of an Executive Director

as an employee of the Company subject to the

provision of the law and their service contract.

10.7 Delegating any of its powers to one or more of its

members or the Secretary of the Committee;

10.8 Recommend any necessary changes to the Board;

and

10.9 Considering any other matters, as may be

requested by the Board.

11. DUTIES IN RELATION TO REMUNERATION

MATTERS

The duties of the Committee in relation to

remuneration matters include:

11.1 Considering and determining the Remuneration

Policy, based on the performance and also bearing

in mind that the remuneration is reasonable and

sufficient to attract, retain and motivate members

of the Board and such other factors as the

Committee shall deem appropriate all elements

of the remuneration of the members of the Board.

11.2 Approving the remuneration of the Directors,

Senior Management including KMP of the

Company maintaining a balance between fixed

and incentive pay, if any, reflecting short and long

term performance objectives appropriate to the

working of the Company.

11.3 Delegating any of its powers to one or more of its

members or the Secretary of the Committee.

11.4 Considering any other matters as may be

requested by the Board.

12. REVIEW AND AMENDMENT TO THE

POLICY

The Board of Directors on its own and/or as

per the recommendations of Nomination and

Remuneration/ Compensation Committee can

amend this Policy, as and when deemed fit.

In case of any amendment(s), clarification(s),

circular(s) etc. issued by the relevant authorities,

not being consistent with the provisions laid

down under this Policy, then such amendment(s),

clarification(s), circular(s) etc. shall prevail upon

the provisions hereunder and this Policy shall

stand amended accordingly from the effective

date as laid down under such amendment(s),

clarification(s), circular(s) etc.

38

Shree Renuka Sugars Limited – Annual Report 2020-21

GROWTH WITH SUSTAINABILITY:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide

a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules

and regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

FOR DVD & ASSOCIATES

COMPANY SECRETARIES

DEVENDRA DESHPANDE

FCS No. 6099

CP No. 6515

PR No. 1164/2021

Place : Pune

Date : 25th June 2021

UDIN: F006099C000512341

42

Shree Renuka Sugars Limited – Annual Report 2020-21

GROWTH WITH SUSTAINABILITY:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules

and regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

FOR DVD & ASSOCIATES

COMPANY SECRETARIES

Devendra Deshpande

FCS No. 6099

CP No. 6515

Place: Pune

Date: 11th June 2021

UDIN: F006099C000468055

45

STATUTORY REPORTS:

letter

of intent received from the debenture holder

and the Company is in the process of finalizing

documentation with debenture holders.

(ix) In our opinion and according to the information

and explanations given by the management and

audit procedures performed by us, the Company

has utilised the monies raised by way of term loans

for the purpose for which they were raised. Further,

in our opinion and according to information and

92

Shree Renuka Sugars Limited – Annual Report 2020-21

GROWTH WITH SUSTAINABILITY:

letter of support to the

Company, to meet shortfall in its normal trade

related working capital requirements up to the

year ending 31st March 2022. Also, remaining term

loans and working capital loans availed by the

Company from Banks are secured by corporate

guarantee provided by the ultimate Promoter

Company (Wilmar International Limited).

Further, for the year ended 31st March 2021 the

Company has profit before exceptional items

and tax of INR 653.80 million. The Company has

positive net worth of INR 2,156.10 million as at 31st

March 2021.

Accordingly, the Company management believes

it will be able to meet all its financial obligations,

on a timely basis and hence, the Company has

prepared the financial results on going concern

basis.

II.

Summary

of

significant

accounting

policies:

a.

Current versus non-current classification

The Company presents assets and liabilities in

the balance sheet based on current/ non-current

classification. An asset is treated as current when

it is:

o

Expected to be realised or intended to be

sold or consumed in normal operating cycle

o

Held primarily for the purpose of trading

o

Expected to be realised within twelve months

after the reporting period, or

o

Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted

from being exchanged or used to settle a

liability for at least twelve months after the

reporting period

All other assets are classified as non-current.

A liability is treated as current when:

100

Shree Renuka Sugars Limited – Annual Report 2020-21

GROWTH WITH SUSTAINABILITY:

letter of credit acceptances)

whereby lenders such as banks and other

financial institutions make payments to

supplier’s banks for purchase of materials.

The banks and financial institutions are

subsequently repaid by the Company at

111

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

letter of intent

from Life Insurance Corporation of India (debenture holders) on 11th October 2018. This: letter was accepted by the Company on

16th October 2018 and quartely repayment are made as per the letter of intent. The Company has obtained approval from the

shareholders for the aforesaid transaction in the Annual General Meeting held on 7th September 2020. The Company has received

approval from BSE Ltd. for the proposed restructuring on 2nd June 2021, which is valid for 3 months. The Company is in the process

of finalizing documentation with debenture holders.

129

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Letter

of credits issued by the Company to the suppliers for purchase of materials. The arrangement is interest bearing

and are payable within one year.

For terms and conditions with related parties, refer note 41 (B).

For explanations on the company liquidity risk management processes, refer note 44.

Trade payable includes liabilities in relation to H&T payables for which SRSL has provided corporate guarantee to

RBL Bank Limited.

131

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Letter of Purchase and Undertaking with inter

alia FTL dated 24th September 2019 and with effect from 25th September 2019, sold its entire stake in SRGVL i.e.,

395,674,975 shares, representing a shareholding of 82.9% held by the Company, to FTL for consideration of USD

21,000 (equivalent to INR 1 million). As a consequence of this sale, SRGVL and its step down subsidiaries ceased

to be subsidiaries of the Company with effect from 25th September 2019. The Company had created impairment

allowance in previous years of INR 18,245.25 million for the entire value of these investments. Accordingly, the

Company has recognized a gain on sale of investment of INR 1.49 million in the previous year and has disclosed

the same as exceptional items .

Note 37: Earnings Per Share [EPS]

Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit/ (loss) for the year attributable to equity holders by the

weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.

Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders of the Company by

the weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of

equity shares that would be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential equity shares into equity shares.

136

Shree Renuka Sugars Limited – Annual Report 2020-21

GROWTH WITH SUSTAINABILITY:

letter of support to

the Group, to meet shortfall in its normal trade

related working capital requirements up to the

year ending 31st March 2022. Also, all remaining

term loans and working capital loans availed by

the Group from Banks are secured by corporate

guarantee provided by the ultimate Promoter

Company (Wilmar International Limited).

Further, for the year ended 31st March 2021 the

Group has profit before exceptional items and

tax of INR 483.36 million. The Group has negative

net worth of INR 6,641.43 million as at 31st March,

2021.

Accordingly, the Company management believes

it will be able to meet all its financial obligations,

on a timely basis and hence, the Group has

prepared the financial results on going concern

basis.

II.

Basis of consolidation:

The consolidated financial statements comprise

the financial statements of the Company and

its subsidiaries for the year ended and as at 31st

March 2021. Control is achieved when the Group

is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from

its involvement with the investee and has the

ability to affect those returns through its power

over the investee. Specifically, the Group controls

an investee if and only if the Group has:

168

Shree Renuka Sugars Limited – Annual Report 2020-21

GROWTH WITH SUSTAINABILITY:

letter of credit acceptances)

whereby lenders such as banks and other

financial institutions make payments to

supplier’s banks for purchase of materials.

The banks and financial institutions are

subsequently repaid by the Group at a later

date providing working capital benefits.

These arrangements are in the nature of

credit extended in normal operating cycle

and these arrangements are recognized as

183

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

letter of intent from Life Insurance Corporation of India (debenture holders) on 11th October 2018.

This: letter was accepted by the Company on 16th October 2018 and quartely repayment are made as per the

letter of intent. The Company has obtained approval from the shareholders for the aforesaid transaction in the

Annual General Meeting held on 7th September 2020. The Company has received approval from BSE Ltd. for the

proposed restructuring on 2nd June 2021, which is valid for 3 months. The Company is in the process of finalizing

documentation with debenture holders.

202

Shree Renuka Sugars Limited – Annual Report 2020-21

GROWTH WITH SUSTAINABILITY

Letter

of credits issued by the Company to the suppliers for purchase of materials. The arrangement is interest bearing

and are payable within one year.

For terms and conditions with related parties, refer note 39

For explanations on the Group’s liquidity risk management processes, refer note 43.

204

Shree Renuka Sugars Limited – Annual Report 2020-21

GROWTH WITH SUSTAINABILITY:

letter dated 11th October

2018, in accordance with the provisions of

the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI Regulations

and applicable laws.

(f)

The securities to be issued upon conversion

of NCDs shall be allotted within the period

prescribed under the relevant provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013, provided that

where the allotment is pending on account

of pendency of any regulatory, Stock

Exchange or Government of India (GOI)

or other statutory approval(s), as may be

applicable; the allotment shall be completed

within the prescribed period, after receipt of

such approval(s);

(g)

The allotment of RPS shall only be made in

dematerialized form;

(h)

The Board be and is hereby authorised to

decide and approve the other terms and

conditions of the issue of RPS, and shall

also be entitled to vary, modify or alter any

of the terms and conditions, as it may deem

expedient, subject however to compliance

with

the

Act,

the

applicable

Listing

Regulations, applicable SEBI Regulations and

other applicable laws and requisite approval

of the Lender(s) in their capacity as allottees

of the RPS (as applicable);

(i)

The Board be and is hereby authorized

to delegate all or any of the powers

herein conferred by this resolution to any

Director(s) or to any Committee of Directors

or employee(s) or officer(s) of the Company,

as it may consider appropriate, to give effect

to the aforesaid resolution;

237

AGM NOTICE:

Letter

etc.,

authorizing

its

representative to attend the AGM through

VC / OAVM on its behalf and to cast its

vote through remote e-voting. together

with attested specimen signature(s) of the

duly authorised representative(s), to the

Scrutinizer at email id tfkhatriassociates@

gmail.com with a copy marked to groupcs@

renukasugars.com. The scanned image of

the above-mentioned documents should

be in the naming format “Corporate Name

Even No.”

(B) Members whose email IDs are not registered

with the Company/Depository Participants(s),

and consequently the Annual Report, Notice

249

AGM NOTICE:

letter providing the email address,

mobile

number,

self-attested

PAN

copy and Client Master copy in case

of electronic folio and copy of share

certificate in case of physical folio for

sending the Annual report, Notice of

AGM and the e-voting instructions.

iii.

After receiving the e-voting instructions,

please follow all steps above to cast

your vote by electronic means.

Details on Step 3 are mentioned below:

III)

Instructions

for

all

the

shareholders,

including Individual, other than Individual

and Physical, for attending the AGM of the

Company through VC/OAVM and e-Voting

during the meeting.

i.

Member will be provided with a facility

to attend the AGM through VC /

OAVM platform provided by KFintech.

Members may access the same at

https://emeetings.kfintech.com/

by

using the e-voting login credentials

provided in the email received from the

Company/KFintech. After logging in,

click on the Video Conference tab and

select the EVEN of the Company. Click

on the video symbol and accept the

meeting etiquettes to join the meeting.

Please note that the members who do

not have the User ID and Password for

e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID

and Password may retrieve the same

by following the remote e-Voting

instructions mentioned above.

ii.

Facility for joining AGM though VC/

OAVM shall open atleast 30 minutes

before the commencement of the

Meeting.

iii.

Members are encouraged to join the

Meeting through Laptops/ Desktops

with

Google

Chrome

(preferred

browser),

Safari,

Internet

Explorer,

Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox 22.

iv.

Members will be required to grant

access to the webcam to enable VC /

OAVM. Further, Members connecting

from Mobile Devices or Tablets or

through Laptop connecting via Mobile

Hotspot

may

experience

Audio/

Video loss due to fluctuation in their

respective network. It is therefore

recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or

LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of

aforesaid glitches.

v.

The Members who have not cast their

vote through remote e-voting shall

be eligible to cast their vote through

e-voting

system

available

during

the AGM. E-voting during the AGM

is integrated with the VC / OAVM

platform. The Members may click on

the voting icon displayed on the screen

to cast their votes.

vi.

A Member can opt for only single mode

of voting i.e., through Remote e-voting

or voting at the AGM. If a Member casts

votes by both modes, then voting done

through Remote e-voting shall prevail

and vote at the AGM shall be treated as

invalid.

vii.

Facility of joining the AGM through VC

/ OAVM shall be available for atleast

1,000 members on first come first

served basis.

250

Shree Renuka Sugars Limited – AGM Notice

GROWTH WITH SUSTAINABILITY:

Managing Director, Whole-time Director or

Manager who has attained the age of seventy years

unless a special resolution is passed to that effect. Mr.

Atul Chaturvedi, aged 66, will be attaining the age of

70 as on 6th October 2025 i.e during his 2nd term as

Executive Chairman and his continuation as Executive

Chairman beyond this age will be subject to approval by

the shareholders by way of a special resolution. Hence

the approval of the shareholders is also sought for his

continuation on the Board as Executive Chairman of

the Company after attaining the age of 70 years.

The Board of the Company is of the opinion that Mr.

Chaturvedi has four decades of rich experience in

the areas of management, manufacturing and trading

of agricultural commodities. He has contributed

significantly to the turnaround of the Company during

his tenure as an Executive Chairman. The Company

will benefit significantly from his continuation on the

Board. Therefore, the Nomination and Remuneration /

Compensation Committee and Board is of the view that

he is a fit and proper person to hold the said office, and

his continuation as Executive Chairman will be in the

interest of the Company and hence, recommends the

continuation of Mr. Chaturvedi as Executive Chairman

even after attaining the age of seventy years during this

tenure.

The

Nomination

&

Remuneration/Compensation

Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company

are of the opinion that he is fit and proper person to

hold the said office and his re-appointment as Executive

Chairman will be in the interest of the Company.

The major terms of appointment are as given below:

Term of Office:

5 years with effect from 30th October 2021

Salary, Perquisites and Allowances of Mr. Atul

Chaturvedi (with effect from 1st April 2021)

A.

Salary: 19,198,356 per annum

B.

Special Allowance: 1,292,160 per annum

C.

House Rent Allowance: 10,118,100 per annum

D.

Leave Travel Allowance : 1,292,160 per annum

E.

Ex-Gratia: 1,599,228 per annum

In addition to the above, Mr. Atul Chaturvedi

will be entitled to the following perquisites and

benefits as per the rules of the Company:

i.

Leave or encashment thereof as per the

Leave Policy of the Company.

ii.

Free use of Company’s car for Company’s

work as well as for personal purposes along

with driver.

iii.

Free

Telephone,

Telefax

and

other

communication

facilities

at

residence

including Mobile to be used for the business

of the Company.

iv.

Performance based incentive not exceeding

` 30,00,000 (Rupees Thirty Lacs only) per

annum.

v.

Gratuity as per the Payment of Gratuity Act,

1972.

vi.

Other Perquisites: Subject to the ceiling

on remuneration as mentioned herein

above, Mr. Chaturvedi may be given such

other allowance, perquisite, benefits as

the Board or Nomination & Remuneration/

Compensation

Committee

thereof

may determine from time to time. The

nomenclature of allowance/ reimbursement

and corresponding amount thereof can be

revised as per the rules of the Company

F.

Evaluation of perquisites: Perquisites shall be

evaluated as per Income Tax Rules wherever

252

Shree Renuka Sugars Limited – AGM Notice

GROWTH WITH SUSTAINABILITY:

letter dated 11th October 2018, agreed to convert the debt

of ` 125 crores (represented by 50% of the total NCDs),

into 5% Redeemable Cumulative Preference Shares

(RPS) of ` 100/- each, repayable in 12 equal quarterly

installments commencing from FY 2029-30 to FY 2031-

32. The balance NCDs amounting to ` 125 Crores in the

aggregate, will be repayable in 39 structured installments

as agreed between the Company and LIC of India.

Whilst the Company had, vide the special resolution

passed by the shareholders at the 24th Annual General

Meeting held on 7th September 2020, granted consent

to the Board to issue and allot, on a preferential basis,

upto 1,25,00,000 (One crore Twenty-Five lakh) 5%

Redeemable Cumulative Preference Shares having

face value of ` 100 (Rupees One hundred) each (RPS) at

par, aggregating up to INR 125 Crores, in one or more

tranches, from time to time, to LIC of India (“Lender”),

upon conversion of a part of the debt given by the

lender to the Company, such Redeemable Preference

Shares are required to be allotted within 12 months

from the date of such resolution as per Rule 13 of the

Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014.

The said period of 12 months will lapse on 6th September

2021. However, since the allotment of the RPS will

not be completed by 6th September 2021 pending

254

Shree Renuka Sugars Limited – AGM Notice

GROWTH WITH SUSTAINABILITY:

Managing Director in Wilmar Sugar Pte. Ltd. and

Director in Wilmar Sugar Holding Pte. Ltd and Wilmar

Sugar India Pvt. Ltd., Mr. Charles Loo Cheau Leong

who is Director in Wilmar Sugar Pte. Ltd. and Wilmar

Sugar Holding Pte. Ltd; and Mr. Madhu Rao and

Mr. Dorab Mistry by virtue of their positions as Director

in Adani Wilmar Limited.

The Directors recommend the Resolution as stated at

item No. 8 of the Notice for approval of the members

by way of an Ordinary Resolution.

Item No. 9: Ratification of remuneration of

Cost Auditors

The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of

the Audit Committee, in its meeting held on 2nd August

2021, has approved appointment of M/s. B. M. Sharma

and Co., Cost Accountants, as Cost Auditors of the

Company, to conduct the audit of the cost records

of the Company for the financial year 2021-22. The

Board has also approved payment of remuneration of

` 5,25,000 (Rupees Five lakhs Twenty Five thousand

only) (plus applicable tax and out-of-pocket expenses,

if any,) to the aforesaid firm to conduct the audit of

the cost records of the Company for the financial year

ending 31st March 2022.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 14 of the Companies

(Audit and Auditors) Rules 2014, the remuneration

payable to the Cost Auditors has to be ratified by the

shareholders of the Company. Accordingly, consent

of the Members is sought for passing an Ordinary

Resolution as set out at Item No. 9 of the Notice.

None of the Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company / their relatives are, in any way, concerned

or interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed

resolution.

The Board recommends the passing of the resolution

as set out at item No. 9 for approval of the Members as

an Ordinary Resolution.

Item No. 10: Approval for issue of equity shares

through Qualified Institutions Placement

(QIP)

The

Company

recognizes

significant

growth

opportunities in the area of its operations and

adjacencies and continues to evaluate such avenues for

organic and inorganic growth. The Company continues

to require capital for its growth and expansion. The

Company proposes to raise capital for the purposes

of funding some of these growth opportunities and

the capital expenditure needs of the ongoing or

new projects, working capital requirements, general

corporate requirements and/or any other purposes,

as may be permissible under the applicable laws and

approved by the Board. The growth expansion plans

will enhance profitability and deleverage the balance

sheet, thus creating more value and improved rating.

257

AGM NOTICE:

