letter dated February 3, 2022, as required under Regulation 34 of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the

following:

1.

Notice of the 27th Annual General Meeting of the Company scheduled to be held on Thursday,

April 7, 2022 at 11:00 A.M. (1ST) through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means

facility, without the physical presence of Members at a common venue, in compliance with the

applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules framed thereunder and the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 read with General

Circular Nos. 14/2020,17/2020, 20/2020,02/2021 and 21/2021 dated April 8, 2020, April 13,

2020, May 5, 2020, January 13, 2021 and December 14, 2021 respectively, issued by the

Ministry of Corporate Affairs; and

2.

Annual Report of the Company for the Financial Year ended December 31, 2021.

Further, please note that the Company is following 1st January to 31st December as its financial year

in terms of Section 2(41) of the Companies Act, 2013 as approved by the Company Law Board.

You are requested to take the above on record.

Yours faithfully,

Limited

Chief Risk Officer & Group Company Secretary

Enel.: As above

.£Z

# 5%

( new Delhi)

? V _

Regd. Office : F-2/7, Okhla Industrial Area Phase-1, New Delhi - 110 020

Tel. : 011-41706720-25 Fax. 26813665:

Managing Director or Whole-time Directors) for the Financial

Year ending December 31, 2022, to be determined by the

Board of Directors of the Company or any Committee of the

Board (‘the Board’) for each of such Non-executive Director

and to be distributed among such Non-executive Directors

in such a manner as the Board may determine (including

payment of profit related commission to any individual Non-

executive Director exceeding 50% of the total annual profit

related commission payable to Non-executive Directors), up

to the limit of 1% (taken together for all the Non-executive

Directors) of the Net Profit of the Company for the Financial

Year ending December 31, 2022, as computed in the manner

laid down in Section 198 of the Act.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby

authorized to do all such acts, deeds, things and to sign

all such documents and writings as may be necessary to

give effect to this resolution and for matters connected

therewith or incidental thereto.”

7.

To approve amendments in the ‘Employees Stock Option

Scheme 2016’ of the Company and in this regard, to

consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution

as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section

62(1)(b) and other applicable provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013, if any and Rules made thereunder and applicable

provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)

Regulations, 2021 (‘SEBI ESOP Regulations’) (including

any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof

for the time being in force) and the enabling provisions of

Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company

and subject to such approvals, consents and permissions

as may be necessary, approval of the Members be and is

hereby accorded to the amendments in Employees Stock

Option Scheme 2016 (‘ESOP Scheme’) of the Company

inter-alia to align with the regulatory requirements

specified under the SEBI ESOP Regulations as set out in

the Explanatory Statement annexed to this Notice.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the

Company or any Committee of the Board be and is hereby

authorized to do all such acts, deeds, things and to sign

all such documents and writings as may be necessary to

give effect to this resolution and for matters connected

therewith or incidental thereto.”

8.

To approve grant of stock options to the employees of

holding, subsidiary, group or associate company(ies) of

the Company under the ‘Employees Stock Option Scheme

2016’ and in this regard, to consider and if thought fit, to

pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of

Section 62(1)(b) and other applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013, if any and Rules made thereunder

(‘Act’) and applicable provisions of the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits

and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (‘SEBI ESOP

Regulations’) (including any statutory modification(s)

or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force)

and such other laws, rules and regulations as may be

applicable, the enabling provisions of the Memorandum

and Articles of Association of the Company and subject

to such approvals, consents and permissions as may be

necessary, approval of the Members be and is hereby

accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company or

any Committee of the Board (‘the Board’) to create, offer,

grant, issue and allot from time to time, in one or more

tranches, employee stock options (‘Options’) under the

Employees Stock Option Scheme 2016 (‘ESOP Scheme’)

within the overall ceiling of upto 83,47,576 (Eighty Three

Lacs Forty Seven Thousand Five Hundred Seventy Six)

Options, to the eligible Employees as defined under

the ESOP Scheme and such other employees as may

be permitted under the applicable laws, of the present

and future holding, subsidiary, group or associate

company(ies) of the Company, on such terms and

conditions, as contained in the ESOP Scheme and set out

in the Explanatory Statement annexed to this Notice.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the new Equity Shares to

be issued and allotted by the Company under the ESOP

Scheme shall rank pari-passu in all respects with the then

existing Equity Shares of the Company.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby

authorized to do all such acts, deeds, things and to sign

all such documents and writings as may be necessary to

give effect to this resolution and for matters connected

therewith or incidental thereto.”

By Order of the Board

For Varun Beverages Limited

Ravi Batra

Chief Risk Officer &

Group Company Secretary

Membership No. F-5746

Place: Gurugram

Address: F-2/7, Okhla Industrial Area,

Date: February 3, 2022

Phase – I, New Delhi - 110 020

02:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of

the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized

to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to sanjaygrover7@

gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will

be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the

correct password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the ‘Forgot User Details/Password?’ or ‘Physical

User Reset Password?’ option available on www.evoting.

nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any query, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting

user manual for Shareholders available at the download

section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.:

1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a request to

Ms. Sarita Mote, Assistant Manager, NSDL at evoting@

nsdl.co.in or at 4th Floor, ‘A’ Wing, Trade World, Kamala

Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel,

Mumbai 400 013.

Process for those shareholders whose email address are not

registered with the Depositories for procuring user id and

password and registration of email address for e-voting on

the resolutions set out in this Notice:

1.

Physical Holding: Send a request to Link Intime India Private

Limited, Registrar and Share Transfer Agent at delhi@

linkintime.co.in providing your name, folio no., scanned

copy of the share certificate (front and back), self-attested

scanned copy of PAN card and self-attested scanned copy

of Aadhar Card, for registering e-mail address.

2.

Demat Holding: Please contact your DP and register your

e-mail address in your demat account, as per the process

advised by your DP.

If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities

in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login

method explained at Step 1 i.e. Login method for e-voting

and joining AGM for Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode.

3.

Alternatively shareholders may send a request to

evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password

for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/

CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on ‘e-voting

facility

provided

by

Listed

Companies’,

Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed

to vote through their demat account maintained with

Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders

are required to update their mobile number and email

ID correctly in their demat account in order to access

e-Voting facility.

B.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR E-VOTING DURING THE AGM

1.

The procedure for e-voting during the AGM is same

as the instructions mentioned above for remote

e-voting.

2.

Only those Members/Shareholders, who will be

present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and

have not cast their vote on the resolutions through

remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from

doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting

system during the AGM.

3.

Members who have voted through remote e-voting

will be eligible to attend the AGM, however, they will

not be eligible to vote during the AGM.

4.

The details of the person who may be contacted

for any grievances connected with the facility

for e-voting during the AGM shall be the same as

mentioned for remote e-voting.

C.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH

VC/OAVM

1.

Members

will

be

able

to

attend

the

AGM

through

VC/OAVM

facility

provided

by

NSDL

at

https://www.evoting.nsdl.com

by

following

the

steps

mentioned

above

at

Step 1. After successful login, click on the link of ‘VC/

OAVM’ placed under ‘Join General meeting’ menu

against Company name available in Shareholder/

Member login where EVEN of Company will be

displayed.

Members who do not have the User ID and Password

for e-voting or have forgotten the User ID and

Password may retrieve the same by following the

remote e-voting instructions mentioned in the

Notice.

2.

Facility of joining the AGM through VC / OAVM

shall be available 30 minutes before and after the

scheduled time of the commencement of AGM by

07:

Managing Director or Whole-time

Directors), subject to approval of Members of the Company for

the Financial Year ending December 31, 2022, to be determined by

the Board of Directors of the Company or any Committee of the

Board (‘the Board’) for each of such Non-executive Director and

to be distributed among such Non-executive Directors in such a

manner as the Board may determine (including payment of profit

related commission to any individual Non-executive Director

exceeding 50% of the total annual profit related commission

payable to Non-executive Directors), up to the limit of 1% (taken

together for all the Non-executive Directors) of the Net Profit of

the Company for the Financial Year ending December 31, 2022,

as computed in the manner laid down in Section 198 of the

Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, to comply with the provisions

of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, approval of

Members by way of Special Resolution is sought for payment of

above-mentioned profit related commission.

The Non-executive Director(s) are interested in resolution set out

at Item No. 6 of the Notice. The relatives of the Non-executive

Director(s) may be deemed to be interested in the resolution to

the extent of their shareholding, if any, in the Company.

Save and except the above, none of the other Directors / Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company / their relatives are, in

any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in

the resolution.

The Board of Directors of the Company recommends the

resolution set out at Item No. 6 for approval of the Members as

a Special Resolution.

ITEM NO. 7 & 8

Company implemented Employees Stock Option Scheme 2016

(‘ESOP Scheme’) with a view to attract, retain and motivate

employees of the Company which was duly approved by the

Members at their Extra-ordinary General Meeting held on

April 27, 2016 and subsequently ratified at the Annual General

Meeting held on April 17, 2017.

Based on the recommendations of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors at their

meeting held on February 3, 2022 approved and recommended

the proposed amendments / variations in the ESOP Scheme

inter-alia to align the same with the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat

Equity) Regulations, 2021 (‘SEBI ESOP Regulations’) and also

to facilitate grant of options to the employees of holding,

subsidiary, group or associate company(ies) of the Company,

subject to the approval of Members of the Company.

In terms of Section 62 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with

the Companies (Share Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014

and Regulations 6(3)(c) and 7 of the SEBI ESOP Regulations,

approval of the Members is sought by way of Special Resolution

for approval of amendments / variations in the ESOP Scheme

and grant of Options to the eligible Employees of holding,

subsidiary, group or associate company(ies) of the Company.

09:

Dear Shareholders,

It gives me immense pleasure to place before you

the 27th Annual Report of the Company.

OVERVIEW

We started the year on a healthy

note supported by a steady macro-

environment as consumption was

almost nearing normalcy following

the nationwide lockdown in 2020.

This enabled us to deliver a healthy

performance in the first quarter

of 2021. However, the disruptive

second wave of COVID-19 infections

in the country resulted in localized,

micro lockdowns and restrictions, in

the months of April and May. With

the period of March to May being

a key season for the Company’s

product portfolio, these disruptions

moderated our domestic business

performance. Encouragingly, with

the learnings from 2020, the team

had all the necessary protocols in

place to handle and mitigate the

business impact to a large extent.

As lockdowns and curbs started

easing from June onwards, we

witnessed a strong recovery in

demand that brought back the

growth momentum. Improved

offtake across our international

territories further aided growth

during the year under review.

Against this backdrop, Varun

Beverages Limited (VBL) delivered

a strong and resilient performance,

delivering a topline growth of 37%

in CY21. Our international territories

also registered an encouraging

performance despite the disruption.

We continue to sustain the cost-

optimization measures that we had

undertaken during the pandemic

period. Despite a decline in our

gross margins due to higher pet

prices, our cost optimization

measures in combination with

higher operating leverage on the

back of strong volume growth has

translated to enhanced operating

performance in 2021. We are

further encouraged that even

in a seasonally soft quarter, the

Company reported profits for the

first time ever in Q4 of the year

on account of better business

efficiencies, cost rationalization

strategies, lower financing cost,

and healthy volume recovery in the

international territories.

NEW UPCOMING PLANTS AT

BIHAR AND JAMMU & KASHMIR

During the year, as a key step

towards our sustainability

objectives, the Board of Directors

approved to set up a new plant

Varun Beverages Limited

14:

letter issued to respective Director at the time of his / her

appointment.

Criteria of making payments to Non-executive

Directors including all pecuniary relationship or

transactions of Non-executive Directors

The Independent Directors are not paid any remuneration

other than the sitting fee for attending meetings of the

Board and the Committees thereof as approved by the

Board.

There has been no pecuniary relationship or transactions

of the Non-executive Directors vis-à-vis the Company

during the year except the sitting fee paid to them as

detailed above.

Prohibition of Insider Trading

To comply with the provisions of Regulation 9 of the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of:

letter

to the Chief Risk Officer & Group Company Secretary

(Vigilance Officer) or to the Chairperson of the Audit,

Risk Management and Ethics Committee.

The Policy provides for adequate safeguards against

victimization of Directors and Employees who avail of

the vigil mechanism and also provides a direct access to

the Vigilance Officer or the Chairperson of the Audit, Risk

Management and Ethics Committee, in exceptional cases.

No personnel of the Company has been denied access to

the Audit, Risk Management and Ethics Committee.

The main objective of this policy is to provide a platform to

Directors and Employees to raise concerns regarding any

irregularity, misconduct or unethical matters / dealings

within the Company, which may have a negative bearing

on the organization either financially or otherwise.

This policy provides an additional channel to the normal

management hierarchy for employees to raise concerns

about any breach of the Company’s values or instances of

violations of the Company’s Code of Conduct. Therefore,

it is in line with the Company’s commitment to open

communication and to highlight any such matters which

may not be getting addressed in a proper manner. During

the year under review, one complaint was filed and closed

amicably under the Whistle Blower Policy.

Compliance with the Code of Conduct

To comply with the provisions of Regulation 17(5) of SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, the Company has adopted “Code of

Conduct for Board of Directors and Senior Management”

(‘Code’). Code is available on website of the Company at

https://varunpepsi.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/

Code-Of-Conduct-For-Board-Of-Directors-and-Senior-

Management-Revised.pdf

On the basis of declarations received from Board Members

and Senior Management Personnel, the Whole-time

Director & Chief Executive Officer has given a declaration

that the Members of the Board of Directors and Senior

Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with

the Code during the Financial Year 2021. A copy of such

declaration is also attached with this report.

General Body Meetings

Annual General Meeting

The Annual General Meetings (‘AGM’) of the Company

during the preceding three years were held at the

following venues, dates and times, wherein the following

special resolutions were passed:

AGM Financial

Year

Day, Date &

Time

Venue/Mode

Brief description of Special Resolutions

26th

2020

Wednesday,

April 7, 2021

at 11:00 a.m.

Registered Office Through

Video

Conferencing

/

Other Audio Visual Means

facility

• Continuation of directorship of Dr. Naresh

Trehan as Non-executive Independent Director.

• Payment of profit related commission to

Non-executive Directors.

25th

2019

Friday,

June 26, 2020

at 11: 00 a.m.

Registered Office Through

Video

Conferencing

/

Other Audio Visual Means

facility

• Payment of profit related commission to

Non-executive Directors.

24th

2018

Wednesday,

April 17, 2019

at 11:00 a.m.

PHD

Chamber

of

Commerce and Industry,

4/2,

Siri

Institutional

Area, August Kranti Marg,

New Delhi - 110 016

• Re-appointment of Dr. Naresh Trehan as an

Independent Director.

• Raising of Capital through Qualified Institutions

Placement (QIP).:

letter, duly signed by the

first/sole holder quoting details of Folio Number.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Varun Beverages Limited

Date: February 3, 2022

Place: Gurugram

Ravi Jaipuria

Chairman

DIN: 00003668:

