letter etc., together with attested specimen signature(s) of

the duly authorised representative(s), to the Scrutinizer at

e-mail evoting@mehtamehta.com with a copy marked to

evoting@Kfintech.com and investor@eclerx.com. The scanned

image of the above mentioned documents should be in the

naming format “Corporate name_event no.”

II. In case of Members whose e-mail IDs are not registered with the

Company/Depository participant(s)

(i) Members holding shares in physical mode and dematerialised

form, who have not registered/updated their e-mail addresses

with the Company, are requested to register/update the same

by following the process mentioned in Point no. 6.

(ii) After due verification, the Company/Kfintech will forward your

login credentials to your registered e-mail address. Thereafter,

follow the instructions at (i) to (xii) to cast your vote.

iii. in case of any query and/or grievance in respect of voting by

electronic means or voting through instapoll, Members may refer

to the Help & frequently Asked Questions (fAQs) and evoting user

manual available at the download section of https://evoting.karvy.com/

(Kfintech website) or contact Mr. S. V. Raju, Deputy General Manager

(Unit: eClerx Services limited) of Kfin Technologies Private limited

(formerly known as Karvy fintech Private limited), Selenium

Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, financial District, nanakramguda,

Hyderabad - 500 032, Telangana, india or at evoting@Kfintech.com

or phone no. 040 – 6716 1500 or call Kfintech’s toll free no.

1-800-3454-001 for any further clarifications.

iV. You can also update your mobile number and e-mail id in the user

profile details of the folio which may be used for sending future

communication(s).

V. Information and instructions for Instapoll

The e-voting window shall be activated upon instructions of the

Chairman during the AGM proceedings.

Members shall then click on the “instapoll” icon on the webpage and

follow the instructions to vote on the resolutions.

Vi. The results shall be declared at or after the meeting. The results declared

along with the Scrutinizer’s report shall be placed on the Company’s

website www.eclerx.com. The Company shall simultaneously submit

the results to BSe limited and national Stock exchange of india

limited, where the shares of the Company are listed.

16. Members are requested to

a) send their queries, if any, on the operations/financials of the

Company through e-mail at investor@eclerx.com on or before

Saturday, September 26, 2020 (5.00 pm iST), so that the

information could be compiled in advance.

b) immediately intimate change of address, if any, to Kfintech,

Unit: eClerx Services limited, Kfin Technologies Private limited

(formerly known as Karvy fintech Private limited), Selenium Tower

B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, financial District, nanakramguda,

Hyderabad - 500 032, Telangana, india, quoting reference

of their registered folio number, in case of shares held in

physical form.

c) not leave their demat account(s) dormant for long and obtain

periodic statement of holdings from your respective Depository

Participant(s) and also verify your holdings to prevent fraudulent

transactions.

17. Dividend and Related Information

a) Dividend, as recommended by the Board of Directors, if approved

at the AGM, shall be paid after Tuesday, September 29, 2020

but within the statutory time limit of 30 days, to those Members

whose names are registered in the Register of Members of the

Company on Thursday, September 17, 2020 in case of shares held

in physical form. in case of shares held in dematerialised form, the

dividend thereon shall be paid to the Beneficial owners as at the

end of the business on Thursday, September 17, 2020, as per lists

to be provided by the Depositories for the said purpose.

b) Members who wish to claim their dividends declared in past and

which remains unclaimed, are requested to contact Kfintech,

Unit: eClerx Services limited, Kfin Technologies Private

limited (formerly known as Karvy fintech Private limited),

Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, financial District,

nanakramguda, Hyderabad - 500 032, Telangana, india or write

to the Company at its Registered office. Members are requested

to note that, pursuant to Section 124 of the Act read with the

Rules framed thereunder, dividend not encashed or claimed

within seven years from the date of transfer to the Company’s

Unpaid Dividend Account, will be transferred to investor

education and Protection fund.

c) in case the shares are held in physical form, requests for change

of address, bank particulars/mandates/neCS mandates, PAn,

registration of e-mail id for receiving electronic communication

from the Company/Registrar and Transfer Agent should

be lodged with Kfintech, Unit: eClerx Services limited, Kfin

Technologies Private limited (formerly known as Karvy fintech

Private limited), Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli,

financial District, nanakramguda, Hyderabad - 500 032, Telangana,

india, before the book closure.

d) The above details in respect of the shares held in electronic

form should be sent to the respective Depository Participants

by the Members well in time. Members are encouraged to utilise the

national electronic Clearing System (neCS) for receiving dividend(s).

e) Shareholders are requested to register/update their Bank

Account details with their respective Depository Participant(s),

if shares are held in dematerialised form or with Kfintech/

Company by sending an e-mail on einward@Kfintech.com, if

shares are held in physical mode by clearly specifying name,

folio no., Bank name and address, Account no., ifSC and

MiCR details and attach self-attested copy of PAn Card and

cancelled cheque. final Dividend, if approved by the Members

at this AGM, will be directly credited to the bank accounts of

the shareholders as per the details available with the Company

within the prescribed timelines. in case of shareholders who

have not registered their bank details, demand drafts will be

sent to them in due course of time and upon normalisation of

postal services.

f)

Pursuant to finance Act 2020, dividend income will be taxable

in the hands of shareholders w.e.f. April 01, 2020 and the:

Managing Director and Ceo of Trafalgar House

Construction limited and fl Smidth limited and the Vice Chairman/: Managing Director/Ceo of ABG Cement limited and of ABG energy

limited. He has also been the

letter of appointment of

non–executive independent Directors of the Company containing

the requisite familiarisation details has been hosted on the Company’s

website at https://eclerx.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance/.

21. DIReCtORS’ ReSpONSIBILIty StAteMeNt

Pursuant to Section 134 of the Act and other applicable Rules

and Regulations, the Directors, to the best of their knowledge and

ability, confirm that:

a. in the preparation of the annual financial statements for the

fY 2019-20, the applicable accounting standards had been

followed along with proper explanation relating to material

departures, if any;

b. the Directors had selected such accounting policies and applied

them consistently and made judgments and estimates that are

reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the

state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2020 and of the

profit or loss of the Company for the year ended on that date;

c. the Directors had taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance

of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions

of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for

preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;

d. the Directors had prepared the annual financial statements on a

going concern basis;

e. the Directors had laid down internal financial controls to be

followed by the Company and that such internal financial

controls are adequate and were operating effectively;

f.

the Directors had devised proper systems to ensure compliance

with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems

were adequate and operating effectively.

22. BOARD MeetINGS

During fY 2019-20, 5 (five) Board Meetings were held details of

which, along with particulars of attendance of the Directors at each

of the Board Meetings are given in the Corporate Governance Report

of the Company, which forms a part of this report. The intervening

gap between the meetings was within the period prescribed under

the Act and the listing Regulations.

23. AuDIt COMMIttee

The Audit Committee comprises of Mr. Biren Gabhawala,

Mr. Pradeep Kapoor, Mr. Anish Ghoshal, Ms. Deepa Kapoor and

Mr. PD Mundhra. The majority of the Members are independent

Directors and Mr. Biren Gabhawala, independent Director is the

Chairperson of the Committee. During the year, all recommendations

made by the Audit Committee were accepted by the Board.

24. RepORtING OF FRAuD By tHe StAtutORy AuDItORS

There were no instances of fraud reported by the Statutory Auditors

during fY 2019-20 in terms of the Section 134 of the Act read with

the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.

25. NOMINAtION AND ReMuNeRAtION pOLICy

The Company has formulated the nomination and Remuneration

Policy in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the listing

Regulations. The said policy acts as a guideline for determining,

inter-alia, qualifications, positive attributes and independence

of a Director, matters relating to the remuneration, appointment,

removal and evaluation of performance of the Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel, Senior Management and other employees.

The aforesaid policy is hosted on the Company’s website at

https://eclerx.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance/.

26. VIGIL MeCHANISM

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and listing Regulations,

the Company has in place Whistle Blower Policy to encourage all

employees or any other person dealing with the Company to disclose

any wrong-doing that may adversely impact the Company, the

Company’s customers, shareholders, employees, investors, or the

public at large. This policy, inter-alia, also sets forth (i) procedures

for reporting of questionable auditing accounting, internal control

and unjust enrichment matters (ii) reporting instances of leak

or suspected leak of Unpublished Price Sensitive information

and (iii) an investigative process of reported acts of wrong-doing

and retaliation from employees, inter-alia, on a confidential and

anonymous basis.

The aforesaid policy has also been hosted on the Company’s website

at https://eclerx.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance/.

27. pARtICuLARS OF LOAN, GuARANtee AND INVeStMeNtS

Details of loans, guarantees and investments under the provisions

of Section 186 of the Act read with the Companies (Meetings of

Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, as on March 31, 2020, are

set out in note 8 and 5.1 respectively to the Standalone financial

Statements of the Company. The Company has not provided any

guarantee during the year under review.

28. pARtICuLARS OF tRANSACtIONS, CONtRACtS OR ARRANGeMeNtS

WItH ReLAteD pARtIeS

During the financial year, all the transactions that the Company entered

into with related parties were in the ordinary course of business

and at arms’ length basis. All such transactions were approved by

the Audit Committee and were reviewed by it on a periodic basis.

further, the Company has not entered into material contracts or

arrangements as defined under Section 188 of the Act read with the

Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014.

The policy on Related Parties as approved by the Board is hosted

on the Company’s website at https://eclerx.com/investor-relations/

corporate-governance/.

The particulars of the transactions with related parties pursuant

to the provisions of Section 188 of the Act read with Companies

(Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 are in form

AoC-2 given on page no. 32. further, details with respect to

related party transactions are also set out in the note no. 33 to

the Standalone financial Statements of the Company for the year

ended March 31, 2020.

Pursuant to the related party disclosure requirements under

Part A of Schedule V of listing Regulations, there were no loans and

advances in nature of loans outstanding for the financial year ended

March 31, 2020, from subsidiaries, associate companies or firms/

companies in which Directors are interested.

Directors’ Report | eClerx Annual Report 2019-20 | 30

Directors’ Report | eClerx Annual Report 2019-20 | 31:

letter of even date which is

annexed as ‘AnnexURe A’ and forms an integral part of this report.

our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1) Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2) We have followed the audit practices and processes as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done

on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3) We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4) Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation

about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening

of events etc.

5) The compliance of the provisions of corporate laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of management. our examination was

limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6) The secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to the future

viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Mehta &Mehta,

Company Secretaries

(ICSI unique Code p1996MH007500)

Ashwini Inamdar

Partner

PCS no: 9409

Place: Mumbai

UDin: f009409B000327012

CP no: 11226

Date: June 9, 2020

Annexure A

to,

eClerx Services Limited,

Sonawala Building, 1st floor,

29 Bank Street, fort, Mumbai – 400023

MANAGING DIReCtOR, WHOLe-tIMe DIReCtORS AND/OR MANAGeR FOR tHe Fy 2019-20

Secured Loans

excluding deposits

unsecured

Loans

Deposits

total

Indebtedness

Indebtedness at the beginning of the financial year

nil

i.

Principal Amount

ii. interest due but not paid

iii. interest accrued but not due

total (i+ii+iii)

Change in Indebtedness during the financial year

•

Addition

•

Reduction

Net Change

Indebtedness at the end of the financial year

i)

Principal Amount

ii) interest due but not paid

iii) interest accrued but not due

total (i+ii+iii)

(Rupees in Million)

Sr. No.

particulars of Remuneration

Name of: Managing

letter of approval for each city. This will reduce

compliance overheads whilst providing operational convenience and

an opportunity to optimise facility operating costs.

The onshore delivery centre in fayetteville, north Carolina (United

States) now has an increased capacity of 250 seats. We added a

second client to the delivery centre and the facility is now operating

15 hours a day, 7 days a week. We are also in the process of

developing Work from home strategy, which in addition to being part

of our business continuity planning, will also help in accessing wider

talent pool.

outside of india and the Unites States, the Company has delivery

centres in Thailand and italy. The Company also has sales offices in

United States, europe and Singapore.

Harnessing talent

in keeping with our commitment to make eClerx a better place to

work, we partnered with a leading talent management firm to launch

a company-wide employee satisfaction survey. This survey saw

our highest ever participation rate and engagement scores showed

steady improvement over our previous surveys. from employee

surveys and social media analytics, learning opportunities and rich

work content emerged as our key employee value proposition.

We continued to make significant investments in employee

re-skilling. As compared to the previous year, 30% more employees

were upskilled across the firm, with special emphasis on new-age

technologies like Ai, Ml, RPA and data science.

on the talent acquisition front, this year we hired the largest number

of graduates so far from premier colleges for niche roles in Ai/Ml,

data science and data visualization across our global teams.

This was made possible by our partnerships with some of the large

campuses to embed the eClerx curriculum and ensure a steady talent

pipeline in areas of digital analytics and Ui/Ux technology.

To accelerate new hire assimilation, we introduced new online

assessments coupled with high touch on-boarding programs, which

enabled double digit reduction in early attrition.

overall retention improved across levels, and the improvement was

especially significant amongst specialised skills and top talent.

Diversity is our key strength. Under the Women at eClerx (We) global

initiative, we continue to build leadership pipeline and open up

opportunities for women to build career – especially at leadership levels.

The efforts of our learning & Development team were rewarded with

two Gold awards at the prestigious Brandon Hall Group excellence

Awards. our Quality team also won awards at multiple forums: ASQ

– South Asia award, Cii - national lean Award, and Qimpro - Qualtech

Award. We are also proud to be CMMi certified at Maturity level 3

in a comprehensive appraisal conducted by our CMMi consulting

partner, QAi india. The certification recognises our well-characterised

processes, proactive approach to managing projects, and our

dedication to consistently producing great work.

With changing workforce dynamics in the new normal, the year ahead

pivots on virtual enablement with a strong backbone of intelligent HR

analytics and insights.

III. OutLOOk

Financial Markets

With an exceptional response to the Covid-19 pandemic, we have

further established ourselves as an excellent risk mitigating partner

to our client base. our response to the lockdown has put us at the top

of our peer group as we quickly adapted in the face of an unexpected

and unparalleled event. We have begun to see a renewed interest in

BPM demand from core clients, some of which we believe is coming

at the expense of peers and clients own captives who were unable to

adapt as quickly or efficiently. efforts made in the prior year to develop

partnerships with several key firms are beginning to bear fruit and

should have material impact on fY21 diversification and revenues.

investments in our solution sets for KYC (Compliance Manager)

and Brokerage Billing (Billing Manager) continue to reinforce our

value proposition for current clients as well as provide additional

tools for our sales team to convert new clients. The Sales and

Account management team has been restructured to include a more

significant solutions group focused on clearly defining our primary

solutions and honing the technologies, processes and marketing

collateral for the same.

Digital

our Digital clients continue to focus on eCommerce and other direct

to customer channels to adapt to the new normal. This channel shift

increases the need for more eClerx Digital services and support to

our client growth. Certain industry sectors like travel and traditional

retail will have headwinds throughout fiscal year 2020-21. We expect

managed services contracts and more productised solutions based

on industry blueprint designs to be the primary mode of client

acquisition. our focus on higher contribution from technology centric

business process solutions will continue with increased use of Ai, Ml

and RPA.

Customer Operations

As we move through fiscal year 2020-21, we will continue to hone

our Work from Home capability and look for ways to diversify our

client portfolio within Customer operations as we adapt to the

ever-changing world around us. We anticipate that we will continue

to put efforts in diversifying beyond the Cable and Telecom clients

using our successful Customers operations case studies with car

rental and retail clients.

IV. OppORtuNItIeS, tHReAtS, RISk AND CONCeRNS

Risk management is an integral part of the business. We have

outlined the principal risks and uncertainties that could adversely

impact the functioning of the Company through their effect on

operating

performance,

financial

performance,

management

performance and overall sustainability. The Company has an efficient

Risk Management system in place to identify and address various

risks that the Company may face. This system has made sure

that the Company has an effective framework for identification,

measurement, evaluation and mitigation of various risks. This Risk

Management system is governed by the Risk Management Policy

and monitored by Risk Management Committee. While our focus has

been on highlighting likely adverse outcomes, many of these could

also provide us opportunities if the outcomes happen to favour us.

These risks include, but are not limited to:

Macro-economic risk

The Company derived over 90% of

its revenues during fY 2019-20 from

US and Western europe. Challenging

business and economic conditions and

protectionist policies in these markets

and continued policy changes could

enhance cost pressure on clients and

thus may affect the Company adversely

in a number of ways. The Company may

witness a reduction in prices, or the loss

of key projects and customers, in turn

affecting the financial performance.

Concentration risk

The Company derived over 54% of its

total revenues during fY 2019-20 from

its top five clients. The concentration

risk continues to be high. The Company’s

profitability and revenues would be

significantly affected in case of loss

of any of these clients or a significant

downsizing or insourcing. further, any

mergers or acquisition of or by any of

such large clients could cause change

in outsourcing strategy thus limiting our

business with those clients.

Currency risk

The Company derived around 81% of

its revenues in US Dollars, 11% in euros,

and 8% in Sterling and other currencies.

Adverse movements in foreign exchange

rates on account of global, regional or

local events could have a negative impact

on our financial performance.

Competition risk

new competitors may enter the markets

the Company operates in. likewise,

current competitors could decide to focus

more on these markets, and thereby

intensify the competition. They could

also offer new disruptive technologies

or offer a different service model or offer

similar services at reduced prices. Such

developments could harm the Company’s

business and results of operations.

Integration risks

The Company’s past or future acquisitions

may pose challenges including financial,

technological and people integration risks,

which if not managed adequately, could

result in failure to achieve the strategic

and financial objectives of the transaction.

key people risk

our business is critically dependent on the

quality of our workforce. failure to attract,

retain and motivate key employees would

impair the Company’s ability to offer the

right quality of service to clients.

Business disruption or Business disruption following a major outage

It system failure risk

event or a failure of our iT systems could

cause a disruption in the Company’s services,

thereby reducing client confidence.

Business disruption due to pandemic

resulting in country wide lockdowns

could impact financial performance if our

clients do not extend work from home

approvals or decide to shift business to

their own or competitor facilities that are

still functional.

Legal and regulatory risk failure to comply with legal or regulatory

requirements could impact the Company’s

reputation

and

financial

position.

legislation in certain countries in which

we operate may restrict clients in those

countries from outsourcing work to

overseas entities like us, which could

hamper our growth prospects in major

markets. Any major export or tax incentive,

if withdrawn or materially altered may have

an adverse implication on our financials.

insurers are lately excluding coverage of

emerging risks thereby exposing Company

to bear costs of lawsuits.

technological risk

With

advancement

of

technology,

artificial intelligence and robotics, the work

volume for people-skill driven services

might decrease or reshape significantly,

and the Company might not be able to

make transition to newer client demands

or newer supply side models quickly.

personal data and

There is increased sensitivity on the part

privacy Risk

of governments and regulators with

respect to personal data and privacy.

failure to comply with current and/

or new regulations or any cyber-attack

could impact Company’s reputation and

financial position.

Breach of data privacy Privacy and protection of personal data

and protection/

is an area of increasing concern globally.

Non-compliance

legislations like GDPR in europe carry

to GDpR

severe consequences for non-compliance

or breach. Any violation or security breach,

observed non-compliance or inadequacy

of privacy policies and procedures can

result in substantive liabilities, penalties

and reputational impact.

Risks from Work From

Work from home scenarios could expose

Home scenarios

the Company to additional risks related

to security of network, data and endpoint

devices

and

new

employee

health

hazards. Any adverse event on this front

could expose the Company to reputational

and financial risks. The sustained level of

productivity achievable in such scenario

is still not fully tested and any subsequent

reduction may increase the delivery

costs significantly.:

Dear Shareholders,

it has been our constant endeavour to provide best of the services to our valuable shareholders and maintain good level of Corporate Governance

in this Company. in order to further improve shareholder service standards, we seek your inputs through this survey.

We would be grateful, if you could spare your valuable time to fill the questionnaire given below and send by e-mail to investor@eClerx.com.

Thank You,

For eClerx Services Limited

pratik Bhanushali

Company Secretary & Compliance officer

f8538

name & Address

of the Shareholder

folio no.:

folio no./DP iD/

Client iD:

Date:

Signature

Disclaimer: eClerx will keep the information provided by you as confidential and it will not be used in any way that is detrimental to you.

DeliGHTeD

SATiSfieD

DiSSATiSfieD

AttRIButeS

please indicate your satisfaction level

kindly put a tick in relevant columns below:

Transmission/Demat/Remat of shares

issue of duplicate share certificates

Buyback of equity shares 2020

issue of duplicate dividend warrants/ demand drafts

Dividend through eCS/Demand Drafts

Responses to queries/complaints

interaction with Company/Registrar and Transfer Agent personnel

Presentation of information on Company’s website

Quality and Contents of Annual Report 2019-20

Please give your overall rating of our investor service

(1 to 5 where 1 = highly dissatisfied and 5 = highly satisfied)

Did you find the e–mail id investor@eClerx.com for redressal of

investors’ Grievances useful?

YeS

no

Give details of outstanding grievances, if any

Any suggestions?:

