Dear Shareholders,

We are happy to present to you our first annual report after

the Company’s Initial Public Offering in August 2019. We

deeply thank all our retail and institutional investors for their

participation in the IPO and assure them of our commitment

and dedication towards strong corporate governance and

value creation.

Today, solar is one of the most competitive sources of power

globally. Being cheaper than oil & gas, it is a highly sought-after

and commercially viable source of energy. With solar being the

energy of the future, we are in an advantageous position. We

are amongst the leading solar EPC and O&M solutions providers

in the world, with a healthy order book of ` 11,395.9 Crore

and a significant presence and operational experience across

geographies. Our services encompass a comprehensive range

of “concept to commissioning” projects, including design,

engineering, procurement, construction and end-to-end

project management.

Being a part of the prestigious Shapoorji Pallonji Group, we

benefit from their existing, deep-rooted relationships in several

countries, an aspect that plays a crucial role in accelerating our

market entry.

year in brief

After two glorious years of Y-o-Y increase, our revenue from

operations during the year ending March 2020 declined

32.34% at ` 5,575.29 Crore, as against ` 8,240.41 Crore a

year earlier. This is owing to a significant decrease in the EPC

revenue from Middle East, North Africa and India. The fall in

revenue from Indian operations is primarily on account of

Balance of Supply, as against contracts with modules in the

previous year. However, even though our profits have been

lower than last year, our return on equity at 25.4% continues to

be very strong.

During the year, we commissioned 27 projects, aggregating

1,528.18 MWp across 9 countries.

Revenues from O&M business stood at ` 183.54 Crore,

rising by 96.14% from ` 93.58 Crore a year earlier. Our O&M

revenues have been doubling each year since FY 2017 due to

the annuity-based business model that we use combined with

improving operating leverage and efficiency. O&M, being a

high-margin business, grants more revenue visibility. Thus, with

an increased focus on this business, we hope to convert many of

our EPC projects into O&M contracts. We have piloted our first

floating solar project in India and are very excited about this

business as it has a huge growth potential both in India and

international markets.

The year has been challenging given the slowdown in world

economy, coupled with the impact of the novel Coronavirus

(COVID-19) outbreak in the first quarter of 2020, impacting most

economies owing to extended lockdowns. At Sterling and Wilson

Solar Limited, we have been constantly evaluating the situation

and despite the turbulent times, managed to win prestigious

international projects. With the global COVID-19 situation now

stabilising and with our existing order book pipeline, we look

forward to a great year, both in terms of turnover and profitability.

Borrowings

Our borrowings stood at ` 1,224.04 Crore at the end of the year.

Borrowings decreased substantially on account of repayment

made during the year through collection of Intercorporate

deposits and internal accruals. The inter-corporate loan

and interest stands slightly higher, compared with external

borrowings. Once the intercorporate deposits are paid, we are

likely to become a net debt-free company.

Strong financials

Our asset-light business model entails low investment in fixed

assets. We have grown this business on a relatively low working

capital and hence the ROCE in the business continues to be

robust. The business generates sufficient free cash flow to

enable us to pay dividends to our shareholders.

engineering and execution

Ours is a differentiated business model with high entry barriers,

where our capabilities in innovation and technology serve as

key differentiators. At the same time, our highly optimised

design, execution and installation skills keep us ahead of the

curve, as do our years of experience in the industry. A cost-

efficient base in India, coupled with a meticulous procurement

policy, enhances our margins as well as the potential to deliver

solutions at the most competitive rates.

Bankable epC

The global model of non-recourse financing for renewable

projects creates a very strong entry barrier for competition.

Since most of the money invested in a renewable project is from

the lender, they ensure that the EPC contractor has a strong

balance sheet and execution track record. Over the years, our

Company has built both these strengths and has become one of

the most bankable EPCs globally.

Customers and lenders

The Company’s global reputation is reinforced by a well-

established track record of executing complex and large-scale

EPC projects, resulting in higher customer retention and a large

percentage of repeat orders.

Geographic presence

We are proud of our global presence across 25 countries

including India, South East Asia, the Middle East, Africa, Europe,

United States and Latin America and Australia.

With global expansion being a core part of our strategy, we

invest sufficient time to evaluate a specific geography and

its market dynamics before foraying into it. This strategy has

helped us attain leadership position and gain profitability across

most regions within a short span of time. Venturing into newer

geographies have also been instrumental in de-risking our

portfolio and expanding our customer base at a massive pace.

With our geographical expansion, our customer concentration

risk has decreased immensely from 25.84% in FY 2019 to

12.91% in FY 2020.

We are gradually moving to newer regions and leveraging

increased opportunities in high-potential geographies like

USA and Australia. We are proud to share that we have won our

first large order for utility-scale in United States. We are also

setting up base in Europe, venturing into Mexico and scouting

for opportunities in South Korea.

Foray into australia

Australia is well endowed with a range of renewable energy

sources and ranks among the top 10 solar nations by capacity,

globally. The country has the biggest uptake of solar power

worldwide, with more photovoltaic capacity added annually than

other energy sources. Factors such as favourable government

schemes, upcoming large-scale solar projects and government

packages to support solar PV installers amidst COVID-19

are expected to drive the Australian solar power market.

As we identify high-potential geographies, we are keen to

leverage the massive opportunity in Australia and increase our

market share.

We have won two solar projects in Australia, which are under

commissioning. The first Australian project is a 200 MW

Wellington Solar Farm project, a turnkey solar photovoltaic

independent power project, being constructed in collaboration

with Lightsource BP. The project is amongst the first few

making use of bi-facial module, making it economically

viable and competitive. Our second project in Australia

is the Gangarri Solar Farm, an industrial-scale solar electricity

farm in Queensland with the oil giant Shell Energy. The

solar farm supports Shell’s integrated energy solutions for

industrial customers and is scheduled to be completed by

early 2021.

Moving forward

We foresee better turnover and profits in the year ahead, as we

foray into newer geographies and reinforce our presence in the

existing ones. Moving forward, we also intend to leverage the

growing demand for solar energy from large-scale oil & gas

companies. Like always, we aim to deliver spectacular, high-

quality, cost-efficient and timely solar energy solutions and

achieve utmost customer satisfaction.

We are constantly working to expand our product offerings

in O&M, floating solar and solar + storage solutions, besides

enhancing operational and financial efficiency for continual

business growth. With a dynamic workforce spread across

multiple geographies, our emphasis remains on enabling cultural

fusion and maintaining a harmonious working environment

for everyone. Collectively, this will help us create, sustain and

deliver value to our stakeholders.

people

I want to thank the entire Sterling and Wilson Solar Limited

team for their continuous support and their untiring passion

towards their work which has led us to reach newer heights. Our

workforce across the globe has been committed even during

these unprecedented times. Our focus continues to be on

people and their professional development.

Growth outlook

With the solar industry projected to grow in high double digits

for the foreseeable future, our customers and lenders having

huge global investment plans in solar energy and with us being

uniquely positioned as one of the only solar EPC’s with a truly

global footprint, the future is bright. With a promising business

model and an experienced and committed team, we are well

poised to capitalise on the opportunities coming our way, and

to create new ones, to take Sterling and Wilson Solar Limited to

a new orbit of growth and success.

Khurshed Daruvala

Chairman

We are amongst the leading

solar epC and O&M solutions

providers in the world, with a

healthy order book of ` 11,395.9

Crore and a significant presence

and operational experience

across geographies

Financial Statements

10 Sterling and Wilson Solar Limited

Annual Report 2019-20 11

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview:

letter etc. pursuant to Section 113 of the Act with attested

specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies)

who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail

to auditteam@mgconsulting.in with a copy marked to

ir@sterlingandwilson.com and evoting@nsdl.co.in.

6.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops/Ipads connected through broadband and allow

the Camera functionality for a better and seamless

experience. Please note that Participants Connecting from

Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting

via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due

to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore

recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to

mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

7.

The attendance of the Members attending the AGM

through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of

reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Act.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING:

The remote e-voting period begins on Sunday, September 27,

2020 at 09:00 A.M. (IST) and ends on Tuesday, September 29,

2020 at 05:00 P.M. (IST) The remote e-voting module shall be

disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter.

How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?

The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists

of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:

Step 1: Log-in to NSDL e-Voting system at https://www.

evoting.nsdl.com/

1.

Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by

typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/

either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile phone.

2.

Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click

on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholders’

section.

3.

A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID,

Password and a Verification Code as shown on the screen.

Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices

i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/

with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL

eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on

e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote

electronically.

4.

Your User ID details are given below :

Manner of holding shares

i.e. Demat (NSDL or CDSL)

Your User ID is:

a) For Members who

hold shares in demat

account with NSDL

8 Character DP ID followed

by 8 Digit Client ID

For example if your DP ID is

IN300*** and Client ID is

12****** then your user

ID is IN300***12******.

b) For Members who

hold shares in demat

account with CDSL

16 Digit Beneficiary ID

For example if your

Beneficiary ID is

12**************

then your user ID is

12**************

5.

Your password details are given below:

a)

If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can

use your existing password to login and cast your vote.

b)

If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first

time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’

which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve

your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial

password’ and the system will force you to change

your password.

c)

How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?

(i)

If your Email ID is registered in your demat

account or with the Company, your ‘initial

password’ is communicated to you on your

email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL

from your mailbox. Open the email and open

the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file.

The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit

client ID for NSDL account and last 8 digits of

client ID for CDSL account. The PDF file contains

your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.

(ii)

If your email ID is not registered, please follow

steps mentioned below in process for those

shareholders whose email ids are not registered

6.

If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial

password” or have forgotten your password:

a)

Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?” option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.

b)

If you are still unable to get the password by

aforesaid two options, you can send a request at

evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat account

number, your PAN, your name and your registered

address.

c)

Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password)

based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting

system of NSDL.

7.

After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and

Conditions” by selecting on the check box.

8.

Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.

9.

After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of

e-Voting will open.

Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system

1.

After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see the

Home page of e-Voting. Click on e-Voting. Then, click on

Active Voting Cycles.

2.

After clicking on Active Voting Cycles, you will be able

to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding

shares and whose voting cycle is in active status.

3.

Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your

vote.

4.

Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.

5.

Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. Assent

or Dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which

you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also

“Confirm” when prompted.

6.

Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully”

will be displayed.

7.

You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by

clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.

8.

Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not

be allowed to modify your vote.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR E-VOTING ON THE

DAY OF THE AGM:

1.

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same

as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

2.

Only those Members/ Shareholders, who will be present in

the AGM through VC/ OAVM facility and have not casted

their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and

are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to

vote through e-Voting system in the AGM.

3.

Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will

be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be

eligible to vote at the AGM.

4.

The details of the person who may be contacted for any

grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the

day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for

Remote e-voting.

GENERAL GUIDELINES FOR SHAREHOLDERS REGARDING

VOTING

1.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will

be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in

the correct password. In such an event, you will need to

go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

2.

In case of any queries pertaining to participation in the

AGM or e-voting, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user

manual for Shareholders available at the download section

of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800-

222-990 or send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Manager

NSDL at evoting@nsdl.co.in or pallavid@nsdl.co.in.

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not

registered with the depositories for procuring user id and

password and registration of e-mail ids for e-voting for the

resolutions set out in this notice:

Please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit

beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated

Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN

card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to

evoting@nsdl.co.in with a copy to ir@sterlingwilson.com:

Managing Director (“MD”)/ Chief Executive

Officer/ Manager may propose the rate of final

dividend to be recommended by the Board to

Shareholders or the rate of interim dividend to be

declared by the Board.

b.

The Board upon perusing the rationale for such pay-

out may recommend the final dividend or declare the

interim dividend.

c.

The final dividend recommended by the Board is

subject to approval/ declaration by the shareholders

in the ensuing general meeting.

d.

The interim dividend approved by the Board requires

confirmation by the shareholders in the ensuing

general meeting.

e.

In case of inadequacy of profits in any financial

year, the Board may consider recommendation of

final dividend out of accumulated profits as may be

permitted under the applicable laws and regulations

from time to time.

6.

General:

a.

The Company may declare dividend out of the profits

of the Company for the year or out of the profits for

any previous year or years or out of the free reserves

available for distribution of dividend, after having due

regard to the parameters laid down in this Policy and

as per the provisions of Companies Act. Further, any

amount representing unrealised gains, notional gains

or revaluation of assets and any change in carrying

amount of an asset or of a liability on measurement

of the asset or the liability at fair value shall be

excluded while computing the profits for the purpose

of declaration of dividend.

b.

Subject to compliance with applicable law, the

Company’s retained earnings, if any will be used

for the Company’s growth plans, issuance of bonus

shares capital adequacy/ liquidity requirements, debt

repayments, and other contingencies and/ or for any

of the purposes specified in paragraph 2 above.

c.

If the Board decides to deviate from this Policy, the

rationale for the same will be suitably disclosed.

7.

Review/ Modification of the Policy:

The Board reserves the right to amend, modify or review

this Policy along with the rationale for the same in whole or

in part, at any point of time, as may be deemed necessary

in accordance with the amendment of the Companies Act

and the Regulations and any other regulations, guidelines/

clarifications as may be issued from time to time by

relevant statutory and regulatory authority.

8.

Disclosure:

The Company shall make appropriate disclosures as

required under the Listing Regulations.

9.

Disclaimer:

This document does not solicit investments in the

Company’s securities. Nor is it an assurance of guaranteed

returns (in any form), for investments in the Company’s

shares.:

Managing Director or a Whole-Time Director or a

Nominee Director—

a)

who, in the opinion of the Board, is a person of

integrity and possesses relevant expertise and

experience;

b)

(i)

who is or was not a promoter of the

company or its holding, subsidiary or

associate company;

(ii) who is not related to promoters or directors

in the company, its holding, subsidiary or

associate company;

c)

who has or had no pecuniary relationship,

other than remuneration as such director

or having transaction not exceeding ten per

cent. of his total income or such amount as

may be prescribed, with the company, its

holding, subsidiary or associate company, or

their promoters, or directors, during the two

immediately preceding financial years or during

the current financial year;

d)

none of whose relatives –

(i)

is holding any security of or interest

in the company, its holding, subsidiary

or associate company during the two

immediately preceding financial years or

during the current financial year. Provided

that the relative may hold security or

interest in the company of face value not

exceeding fifty lakh rupees or two per cent.

of the paid-up capital of the company, its

holding, subsidiary or associate company

or such higher sum as may be prescribed;

has or had pecuniary relationship or

transaction with the company, its holding,

subsidiary or associate company, or their

promoters, or directors, amounting to two

per cent. or more of its gross turnover or

total income or fifty lakh rupees or such

higher amount as may be prescribed,

whichever is lower, during the two

immediately preceding financial years or

during the current financial year;

(ii) is indebted to the company, its holding,

subsidiary or associate company or their

promoters, or directors, in excess of such

amount as may be prescribed during the

two immediately preceding financial years

or during the current financial year;

(iii) has given a guarantee or provided

any security in connection with the

indebtedness of any third person to

the company, its holding, subsidiary or

associate company or their promoters, or

directors of such holding company, for

such amount as may be prescribed during

the two immediately preceding financial

years or during the current financial year;

or;

(iv) has any other pecuniary transaction or

relationship with the company, or its

subsidiary, or its holding or associate

company amounting to two per cent.

or more of its gross turnover or total

income singly or in combination with the

transactions referred to in sub-clause (i),

(ii) or (iii);

e)

who, neither himself nor any of his relatives–

(i)

holds or has held the position of a key

managerial personnel or is or has been

employee of the company or its holding,

subsidiary or associate company in any

of the three financial years immediately

preceding the financial year in which he is

proposed to be appointed;

Provided in case of a relative who is an

employee, the restriction under this clause

shall not apply for his employment during

the preceding three financial years;

(ii) is or has been an employee or proprietor or

a partner, in any of the three financial years

immediately preceding the financial year

in which he is proposed to be appointed,

of-

-

a firm of auditors or company

secretaries in practice or cost auditors

of the company or its holding,

subsidiary or associate company; or

-

any legal or a consulting firm that

has or had any transaction with the

company, its holding, subsidiary or

associate company amounting to

ten per cent or more of the gross

turnover of such firm;

(iii) holds together with his relatives two per

cent. or more of the total voting power of

the company; or

(iv) is a Chief Executive or director, by

whatever name called, of any non- profit

organisation that receives twenty-five

per cent or more of its receipts from the

company, any of its promoters, directors

or its holding, subsidiary or associate

company or that holds two per cent. or

more of the total voting power of the

company; or

f)

who possesses such other qualifications as may

be prescribed under the Companies Act,2013

4.6 “Key Managerial Personnel”:- Key Managerial

Personnel (‘KMP’) means-

(i)

the Chief Executive Officer or the Managing

Director or the Manager;:

Managing Director/ Whole-time Director:

The Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person

as its: Managing

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/ or Manager:-

(` in Crore)

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Mr. Kannan K.

Manager

1

Gross Salary

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in Section 17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

1.46

(b) Value of perquisites under Section 17(2) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

0.13

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under Section 17(3) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

-

2

Stock Option (1)

-

3

Sweat Equity

-

4

Commission

- as % of profit

-

5

Others, please specify

(a) Company’s Contribution to Provident Fund

0.09

(b) Company’s Contribution to Superannuation Fund

-

Total

1.68

Ceiling as per the Act

(Being 5% of Net Profits of the Company calculated as per section 198 of the Act)

21.22

B.

Remuneration to other Directors:

(` in Lakhs)

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of Directors

Total Amount

1

Independent Directors

Mr. Keki Elavia

Mr. Arif Doctor

Ms. Rukhshana

Mistry

•

Fee for attending Board/ Committee

meetings

14.25

8.00

15.20

37.45

•

Commission

-

-

-

-

•

Others, please specify

-

-

-

-

Total (1)

14.25

8.00

15.20

37.45

2

Other Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Khurshed

Daruvala

Mr. Pallon Mistry

Mr. Bikesh Ogra

Total Amount

•

Fee for attending Board/ Committee

meetings

13.95

8.70

8.00

30.65

•

Commission

-

-

-

-

•

Others, please specify

-

-

-

-

Total (2)

13.95

8.70

8.00

30.65

Total (B)=(1)+(2)

-

-

-

68.10

Total Managerial Remuneration (A+B)

235.81

Overall Ceiling as per the Act(1)

4,668.73

Note(s): (1) Pursuant to Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013, sitting fees for attending Board/ Committee meetings has not been included

as a component for computation of overall ceiling.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on

our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that

the processes and practices, we followed provided a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Book of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulation, standards is the

This report is to be read with our: letter of even date which is

annexed as ‘Annexure-A’ and forms an integral part of this

report.

For Manish Ghia & Associates

Company Secretaries

Manish L. Ghia

Place : Mumbai

Partner

Date: June 23, 2020

M. No. FCS 6252 C.P. No. 3531

UDIN: F006252B000367217

responsibility of management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedures on the test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

7.

On account severe restrictions imposed by the Government

Authorities on opening of offices, travel and movement

(hereinafter “Lockdown”) due to Covid19 pandemic

(which commenced during the last week of March’2020

and continued till May’2020), we for the purpose of

completion of our audit had to rely on documents and

papers provided in electronic form through email/ other

virtual means for verification of compliances.

For Manish Ghia & Associates

Company Secretaries

Manish L. Ghia

Place: Mumbai

Partner

Date:June 23, 2020

M. No. FCS 6252 C.P. No. 3531

UDIN: F006252B000367217

Letter of Credit (LC) Mechanism: Mandatory adequate LC

provisioning by distributor companies to ensure prompt

payments to power producers. This has alleviated payment

delay concerns faced by the independent power producers,

boosting investor confidence.

• Electricity Amendment Bill: The proposed amendments

in the Electricity Act will increase the electricity tariff

exponentially, making solar energy more cost-competitive.

• PM - KusuM Policy: This is aimed at enhancing farmers’ energy

independence and incomes, and to de-dieselise the farm sector.

The scheme has been expanded to cover 20 lakh farmers for

setting up standalone solar pumps.

• the MNRE solar Park Policy: This aims at setting up 50 Solar

Parks by FY 2021-22, with a total capacity of 40 GW. The

government has modified the existing scheme by easing

constraints related to the availability of land and evacuation

infrastructure, alleviating one of the biggest challenges faced

by the industry.

• Promoting Floating solar: This is aimed at bypassing legacy

land-acquisition challenges faced by the industry. The

government has awarded floating solar projects of 150

MW each in Uttar Pradesh and Jharkhand, and another 200

MW in Uttarakhand.

Additionally, in a bid to provide further growth impetus to

solar energy, the government took the following steps:

• Promoted rooftop solar systems through regulatory

intervention.

• Established a tariff-based competitive bidding process for

solar power procurement.

• Established

quality

standards

for

solar

photovoltaic

components.

• Mandated 10% renewable energy in smart cities development

guidelines.

• Accorded infrastructure status for solar projects.

• In the process of acquiring and evacuating land across Indian

railway lines to attract higher participation by international

developers in project biddings.

26.7%

solar power’s share in India’s total

renewable energy mix

Increasing investments by Oil & Gas players in Clean Energy

Oil & Gas companies worldwide are increasingly focussing on

diversifying their business into renewable and clean energy

sources in a bid to reduce their contribution to global carbon

emission. Additionally, the global automotive industry, a

major customer of Oil & Gas companies, is undergoing a rapid

transition from conventional IC engines to electric vehicles

and shared mobility. This is expected to weigh down the future

demand for oil and gas consumption, and trigger higher demand

for alternative energy sources, such as solar. Backed by structural

advantages of a clean, efficient and competitive energy source,

strong regulatory support, and globally competitive tariff, the

solar energy industry is well poised to continue its strong growth

momentum for the next two decades.

solar Engineering, Procurement & Construction (EPC) Industry

The Global EPC industry in recent years has witnessed a

substantial growth led by significant traction in both utility-scale

and rooftop solar projects. The large-scale utility and industrial

installations across the globe have witnessed a significant

upsurge. This is largely on the back of favourable policy support,

ambitious regulatory targets set by major economies, and cost

competitiveness, led by energy optimisations and technological

advancements. Rooftop installations, too, have exhibited strong

growth in the emerging economies due to financial benefits

such as net metering schemes and subsidies.

In CY 2019, even as the EPC industry continued to face intense

competition, the non-residential PV market outside of China

registered a growth of 37%. The growth was primarily led by

strong traction witnessed in Spain, Vietnam, Latin America,

and Australia. Europe is estimated to have installed 23 GWp in

2019, registering a record growth of 88% over the previous

year. It was primarily driven by low modules pricing, competitive

tariffs, steady growth of distributed PV, and carefully managed

government policies.

India continued to experience growth in its non-residential PV

installations as it recorded solar installations totalling 3.2 GW

and cumulative installed solar capacity exceeding 22.3 GW at

the end of the first half of CY 2019. The industry witnessed a

shift to larger EPC players as top 5 integrators commanded 37%

of the market share. The Indian EPC industry continued to face

high competition on pricing throughout the project value chain.

Additionally, safeguarding tariffs on modules is hindering EPC

contractors from pricing the services right.

The supply chain continues to remain volatile due to the

outbreak of the COVID-19 global pandemic. Global research

organisations have forecasted a decline in solar PV installations

in 2020 due to the restrictions in movement of people, a halt

in contract negotiations, and sluggishness in new project bids

observed in major economies.

However, a long-term trend for the EPC industry remains positive

due to structural demand in higher capacity additions in solar

PV installations. As per the Wood Mackenzie report, solar PV

annual installations are expected to recover to pre-COVID levels

of 130 GW per year beyond 2021. It forecasts 5% compounded

growth in annual global solar PV capacity addition to reach 143.2 GW

by 2025.

Solar PV installed capacities (GW)

Sources: Historical values based on IRENA’s renewable energy statistics (IRENA,2019c) and future projections based on IRENA’s analysis (2019a).

2018 2030 2050

NORtH AMERICA

55

437

1 ,728

2018 2030 2050

EuROPE

121

291

891

2018 2030 2050

AsIA

280

1 860

4, 837

2018 2030 2050

LAtIN AMERICA

AND CARIBBEAN

7

97

281

2018 2030 2050

MIDDLE EAst

AND AFRICA

8

131

673

2018 2030 2050

OCEANIA

10

25

109

Map not to scale. For illustrative purposes only.:

letter is issued to the Independent

Directors of the Company setting out the terms of

appointment, role, rights, duties and responsibilities is

issued to the Independent Directors at the time of their

appointment along with a set of documents such as

snapshot of the Company, its major activities, Corporate

presentations etc., which enables him/ her to have an

adequate and fair idea about the Company, its Board of

Directors, the Management, various Codes of Conduct and

Policies applicable to the Company etc.

Your Company through its senior managerial personnel/

officials conducts programs/ presentations to familiarize

the existing Directors as well as new Directors with the

strategy, operations and functions of the Company.

Such programs/ presentations provide an opportunity

to the Independent Directors to interact with the senior

leadership team of the Company and help them to

understand the Company’s strategy, business model,

operations, markets, organization structure, finance,

human resources, technology, quality, facilities and risk

management and such other areas as may arise from time

to time.

The Board has adopted a Policy on Familiarization

Programme for the Independent Directors which aims

to provide significant insight into the business of your

Company. The details of the Familiarisation Programmes

for Independent Directors are also available on the website

of the Company at https://www.sterlingandwilsonsolar.

com/investor-relations/corporate-governance

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

The Board has constituted various Committees with an

optimum representation of its members and with specific

terms of reference in accordance with the Act and the SEBI

Listing Regulations. The objective is to focus effectively on the

issues and ensure expedient resolution of the diverse matters.

The committees operate as the Board’s empowered agents

according to their charter/ terms of reference.

The Board has constituted the below mentioned committees:

a)

Audit Committee

b)

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

c)

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

d)

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

e)

Management Committee

The Committees are represented by a combination of Non-

Executive Independent Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

of the Company. These Committees play an important role in

the overall Management of day to-day affairs and governance

of your Company.

The Committees meet at regular intervals and take necessary

steps to perform its duties entrusted by the Board. The

recommendations of the Committee(s) are submitted to the

Board for its approval. During the year, all recommendations of

the Committee(s) were duly considered and approved by the

Board.

Minutes of proceedings of Committee meetings are circulated

to the respective committee members and placed before Board

meetings for noting.

A.

Audit Committee

(i)

Brief description:

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors

is entrusted inter alia with the responsibility to

supervise your Company’s internal controls and

financial reporting process.

The composition, quorum, powers, role and scope

are in accordance with Section 177 of the Act and

the provisions of Regulation 18 of the SEBI Listing

Regulations.

All the members of the Audit Committee are

financially literate and possess expertise in the fields

of accounting and financial management.:

Managing Director or CEO.

•

The Chairman, being a Non-Executive Director,

entitled to maintain a Chairperson’s office at the

Company’s expense and also allowed reimbursement

of expenses incurred in performance of his duties.

•

The Internal Auditor reports directly to the Audit

Committee in all matters relating to Internal Audit.

h.

Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential

allotment or qualified institutions placement

During the year, your Company has not raised any proceeds

through preferential allotment or qualified institutions

placement etc. and hence, there are no unutilised issue

proceeds during the year under review.

i.

A certificate from a company secretary in practice that

none of the directors on the board of the company have

been debarred or disqualified from being appointed

or continuing as directors of companies by the Board/

Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory

authority

The Company has obtained a certificate from Manish

Ghia & Associates, Company Secretaries, certifying that

none of the Directors on the Board of Your Company have

been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or

continuing as directors of companies by the SEBI/ Ministry

of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority. The

said certificate is enclosed separately at the end of this

Report.

j.

Total fees for all services paid by the Company, on a

consolidated basis, to the statutory auditor and all

entities in the network firm/ network entity of which the

statutory auditor is a part

Total fees of ` 91.90 Lakhs has been paid by the Company

to BSR & CO. LLP, Statutory Auditors and all the entities in

the network firm/ network entity of which the statutory

auditor is a part, for all the services provided by them

during the year under review.

k.

Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013

Your Company has always believed in providing a safe and

harassment free workplace for every individual working

in any office through various interventions and practices.

Your Company always endeavors to create and provide

an environment that is free from discrimination and

harassment including sexual harassment.

Your Company has in place a robust policy on prevention

of sexual harassment at workplace. The policy aims at

prevention of harassment of employees and lays down

the guidelines for identification, reporting and prevention

of sexual harassment. There is an Internal Complaint

Committee (IC) which is responsible for redressal of

complaints related to sexual harassment and follows the

guidelines provided in the policy. IC has its presence at

corporate office as well as at site locations.

The details of complaints related to Sexual Harassment are

provided below:-

Sr.

No.

Particulars

No. of

Complaints

1

Number of complaints filed during

the F.Y. 2019-20

1

2

Number of complaints disposed of

during the F.Y. 2019-20

1

3

Number of complaints pending as on

end of the F.Y. 2019-20

-

CEO/ CFO CERTIFICATION

As required under the provisions of Regulation 33 of the SEBI

Listing Regulations, Mr. Kannan K., Manager and Mr. Bahadur

Dastoor, Chief Financial Officer have reviewed the Audited

Financial Statement and Cash Flow Statements for the Financial

Year ended March 31, 2020 and accordingly have provided

a certificate, which is enclosed separately at the end of this

Report.

Your Company does not have a CEO and hence the certificate is

provided by the Manager of the Company

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

As required under Regulation 27 of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, your Company has been duly submitting the

quarterly compliance report in the prescribed format and

within the required timelines to the Stock Exchanges and

the same are available on their websites. The said reports

are also available on the website of the Company i.e.

www.sterlingandwilsonsolar.com.

A Compliance Certificate is received from Manish Ghia &

Associates regarding compliance of Corporate Governance

requirements. The said certificate is enclosed as an annexure to

the Directors’ Report.

Further, your Company has complied with the Corporate

Governance requirements specified in Regulations 17 to 27,

clauses (b) to (i) of Sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and

sub paras (2) to (10) of Part C of Schedule V of SEBI Listing

Regulations the same has been disclosed in this Report.:

Letter

dated

March 30, 2020

to India Rating

for

withdrawal

of

rating

w.r.t.

for

Commercial

Paper (CP).

3

Non-

convertible

debentures

(NCDs)

100

IND AA-(RWN)

1. Long- term credit rating of the

Company from ‘IND AA’ to ‘IND

AA-’

2. Outlook changed from Stable to

Rating Watch Negative (RWN)

The NCDs have

been redeemed

as on December

31, 2019.

4

Fund-based

limits

192

IND AA-(RWN)/ IND

AA+(RWN)

1. Long- term credit rating of the

Company from ‘IND AA’ to ‘IND

AA-’

2. Outlook changed from Stable to

Rating Watch Negative (RWN)

5

Proposed

fund-based

limits(1)

108

Provisional IND AA-

(RWN)/ Provisional

IND A1+/(RWN)

1. Long- term credit rating of the

Company from ‘IND AA’ to ‘IND

AA-’

2. Outlook changed from Stable to

Rating Watch Negative (RWN)

6

Non-fund

based limits

7,244

IND AA-(RWN)/IND

A1+(RWN)

1. Long- term credit rating of the

Company from ‘IND AA’ to ‘IND

AA-’

2. Outlook changed from Stable to

Rating Watch Negative (RWN)

7

Proposed

non-fund

based limits(1)

2,456

Provisional IND AA-

(RWN)/Provisional

IND A1+(RWN)

1. Long- term credit rating of the

Company from ‘IND AA’ to ‘IND

AA-’

2. Outlook changed from Stable to

Rating Watch Negative (RWN)

Note(s):

(1)

The ratings are provisional and shall be confirmed upon the sanction and execution of the loan documents for the above facilities by the

Company to the satisfaction of India Ratings & Research.

(xV) PLANTS OF THE COMPANY WITH THEIR LOCATIONS:

Your Company does not have any plant.

(xVI) INVESTOR SERVICE AND GRIEVANCE HANDLING MECHANISM:

A robust mechanism is established by your Company which ensures pro-active handling of investor correspondences and

efficient redressal of grievances in an expeditious manner. This mechanism is handled by the Compliance Officer of your

Company and the RTA, through its Investor Service Centres which are spread across the Country.

Details of complaints received during the Financial Year 2019-20 alongwith their status as on March 31, 2020 have been

disclosed separately in the Corporate Governance Report forming part of this Annual Report.

(xVII) CONTACT ADDRESS FOR INVESTORS:

The Company’s dedicated e-mail address for Members’ Complaints and other communications is ir@sterlingwilson.com. Since

all the Equity Shares of the Company are held in dematerialised mode, Shareholders are requested to address all correspondences

with respect to transfer to their respective DPs. Any other correspondences relating to the Equity Shares of the Company to the

belowmentioned address of the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent.

Registrar and Transfer Agent

Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.

(Unit: Sterling and Wilson Solar Limited)

C-101, 247 Park, L.B.S. Marg,

Vikhroli (West), Mumbai - 400083.

Phone: +91 22 49186000

E-mail: rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in

Website: www.linkintime.co.in

Registered Office

Sterling and Wilson Solar Limited

9th Floor, Universal Majestic, P. L. Lokhande Marg, Chembur

(W), Mumbai - 400043.

Phone: +91 86529 05000

E-mail: ir@sterlingwilson.com

Website: www.sterlingandwilsonsolar.com:

letter of credit, insurance claims, export incentive, claim against suppliers etc.

dues from directors or other officers of the company or any of them either severally or jointly with any other person or amounts

due from firms or private companies in which any director is a partner or a director or member:

particulars

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2019

interest accrued on loan to subsidiaries and fellow subsidiaries

328.65

842.87

Sterling and Wilson Private Limited

-

1.42

Sterling and Wilson Powergen Private Limited

0.00

0.62

Esterlina Solar Engineers Private Limited

832.63

450.96

Sterling and Wilson International Solar FZCO

0.20

0.20

Sterling and Wilson (Thailand) Limited

-

10.13

Sterling & Wilson - Waaree Private Limited

1,161.48

1,306.20

interest accrued on receivables from fellow subsidiary

Shapoorji Pallonji Infrastructure Capital Co Private Limited

-

198.99

-

198.99

(Currency: Indian rupees in million):

letter, to go ahead with the works/maintenance of the

plant where in they also assured the Company that they

would make the payment if the customer failed to pay.

As on date the customer owes the Company ` 924.54

million. In addition, an amount of ` 641.04 million under

confirmed, irrevocable Letters of Credit arranged by the

customer from their bank mainly for the supplies which

had been discounted by Company, after confirmation both

from the customer and their bank, became due. Due to the

NCLT actions against the customer group, the customer’s

bank refused to make the payment to the Company’s bank

citing prevention against doing the same due to the NCLT

order, and the Company had to return the amount back to

its bank.

During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Company has

initiated legal proceedings in both these matters: the

matter in respect of the customer / developer in currently

pending with the NCLT and the matter in respect of the

customers bank is currently pending with the National

Company Law Appellate Tribunal.

The Company has sought legal opinion regarding the

amount due from the developer as per their assurance: letter and from the customer’s bank due to failure to

pay confirmed Letters of Credit and has been advised

that the said amounts are fully recoverable. The amount

of ` 924.54 million and ` 641.04 million is shown under

the head Trade Receivables and Other Financial Assets,

respectively.

Basis

the

aforementioned

legal

opinion

and

the

management assessment, inspite of being confident of full

recovery, considering the expected credit loss requirement

of Ind AS 109 Financial Instruments, the management has

recognised the provision to the extent of ` 213.30 million

(31 March 2019: ` 160.00 million) as at 31 March 2020,

based on management’s best estimate of collection of the

aforementioned receivables.

54

The Red Herring Prospectus dated 29 July 2019 stated

that Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited and

Khurshed Yazdi Daruvala (Selling Shareholders) shall

use a portion of net offer proceeds towards funding full

repayment of the outstanding inter-corporate deposits

payable by a fellow subsidiary to the Company within a

period of 90 days from the date of listing of equity shares

i.e. by 18 November 2019. The Selling Shareholders

pursuant to their letter dated 14 November 2019 however

requested the Board of

letter of credit, claim against suppliers, insurance claims, etc.

dues from directors or other officers of the company or any of them either severally or jointly with any other person or amounts

due from firms or private companies in which any director is a partner or a director or member:

particulars

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2019

Interest accrued on loan to fellow subsidiaries

Sterling and Wilson International FZE

788.70

527.88

Sterling and Wilson Private Limited

338.30

851.40

Sterling and Wilson Powergen Private Limited

-

9.86

1,127.00

1,389.14

(Currency: Indian rupees in million)

particulars

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2019

Interest accured on receivables from fellow subsidiaries

Shapoorji Pallonji Infrastructure Capital Company Private Limited

-

198.99

-

198.99

Recoverable expenses from shareholders

Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited

-

25.50

Mr. Khurshed Y Daruvala

-

12.75

-

38.25

Other receivables

Sterling and Wilson Powergen Private Limited

-

0.15

GCO Australia Pty Ltd

0.58

-

Sterling and Wilson International FZE

1.28

1.23

1.86

1.38

* During the year ended 31 March 2019, the Company had incurred ` 38.25 million towards proposed initial public offering of equity shares of face

value of Re 1 each. The expenses were recovered from selling shareholders in the ratio of their holding.

20 CuRRenT TAx ASSeTS (neT)

particulars

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2019

Advance tax {net of provision for tax of ` 0.02 million (31 March 2019: ` Nil)}

7.90

8.39

7.90

8.39

21 OTHeR CuRRenT ASSeTS

(unsecured, considered good)

particulars

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2019

from related parties

Unbilled receivables

226.18

75.94

Advances for supply of goods

23.46

-

from parties other than related parties

Unbilled receivables

4,787.76

3,429.06

Advances for supply of goods

1,556.46

1,130.93

Advance for projects

32.48

-

Other recoverables*

0.09

12.05

Balance with government authorities

2,967.53

2,683.10

Prepayments

192.39

212.16

Advances to employees

12.43

24.25

9,798.78

7,567.49

* Includes insurance claim receivables

(Currency: Indian rupees in million):

letter of credit of USD

20.00 million and lien over margin money deposit

amounting to 10% of the loan facility availed by a

subsidiary company in UAE.

(o) Working capital loan from a Duetsche bank is

denominated in United States Dollar (USD). The loan

carries an interest rate ranging from 4.70% to 4.80%

per annum and is repayable within a period of 12

months. The loan is secured by irrevocable stand-by: letter of credit issued in favor of the bank.

(p) Overdraft facility from Emirates NBD Bank is

denominated in Arab Emirates Dirham (AED). The

loan carries an interest rate of 1-month Eibor +

2.25% per annum on actual amount utilised, and

are repayable on demand. The overdraft facility is

secured by charge over assignment of receivables of

a subsidary company in UAE.

(q) Trust receipts are availed from Union Bank of India

and is denominated in United States Dollar (USD).

Trust receipts are secured by charge over assignment

of receivables of a subsidiary company in UAE on

pari-passu basis, carrying an interest rate of 3-month

Libor + 2.50% per annum and are repayable within

180 to 360 days from the draw down date.

letter of credit etc.

30 OTHeR CuRRenT LIABILITIeS

particulars

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2019

To related parties

Advances from customers

-

6.61

To parties other than related parties

Advances from customers

2,421.86

2,302.20

Statutory liabilities

- TDS payable

39.22

30.22

- Provident fund payable

22.38

10.54

- Profession tax payable

0.22

0.11

- Employees State Insurance payable

30.71

1.95

- Value added tax payable

19.53

94.40

2,533.92

2,446.03

31 SHORT-TeRM pROVISIOnS

particulars

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2019

provision for employee benefits (refer note 46)

Gratuity

2.72

1.71

Compensated absences

292.71

130.15

Other provisions

Provision for liquidated damages

674.73

460.39

Provision for product warranty

157.99

176.25

Provision for foreseeable loss/ onerous contracts

8.57

-

1,136.72

768.50:

letter dated 14 November 2019 however

requested the Board of Directors of the Holding Company

to consider a revised payment schedule for the outstanding

inter-corporate deposits/loans of ` 23,415.30 million (net)

(including interest thereon of ` 2,493.70 million) as at 30

September 2019 with additional interest of 50 basis points

per annum.

The Board of Directors in their meeting held on 31

December 2019 had considered the revised payment

schedule of the outstanding inter-corporate deposits/

loans of ` 16,508.40 million (net) (including accrued

55 deTAILS Of BRAnCHeS And COMpAny

The Consolidated Financial Statements includes the financial statements of the following entities:

Sr.

no.

name of Branch/ Company

Country of

Incorporation

% Holding as at

31 March 2020

Control and

share of profit /

loss as at

31 March 2020

Branches

1

Sterling and Wilson - Philippines

Phillipines

NA

NA

2

Sterling and Wilson - Namibia

Namibia

NA

NA

3

Sterling and Wilson - Zambia

Zambia

NA

NA

4

Sterling and Wilson - Vietnam (3 branches)

Vietnam

NA

NA

5

Sterling and Wilson - Argentina

Argentina

NA

NA

6

Sterling and Wilson - Egypt

Egypt

NA

NA

7

Sterling and Wilson - Australia

Australia

NA

NA

8

Sterling and Wilson - Indonesia

Indonesia

NA

NA

9

Sterling and Wilson - Jordan (2 branches)

Jordon

NA

NA

10

Sterling and Wilson - Mexico

Mexico

NA

NA

11

Sterling and Wilson - Kenya

Kenya

NA

NA

12

Sterling and Wilson - Morocoo

Morocco

NA

NA

13

Sterling and Wilson - Dubai

United Arab

Emirates

NA

NA

14

Sterling and Wilson - Chile

Chile

NA

NA

Subsidiaries:

1

Sterling and Wilson International Solar FZCO

United Arab

Emirates

100%

100%

2

Sterling and Wilson (Thailand) Limited*

Thailand

100%

100%

3

Sterling & Wilson - Waaree Private Limited

India

100%

100%

4

Sterling and Wilson Saudi Arabia Limited*

Saudi Arabia

100%

100%

5

Sterling Wilson - SPCPL - Chint Moroccan Venture

India

92%

92%

6

Sterling and Wilson Brasil Servicos Ltda. (upto 26 August 2019)

Brazil

100%

100%

7

Esterlina Solar Engineers Private Limited (w.e.f. 16 October

2018)

India

100%

100%

8

Sterling and Wilson Solar LLC

Oman

70%

100%

Subsidiaries of Sterling and Wilson International Solar fZCO:

1

Sterling and Wilson Middle East Solar Energy L.L.C. (formerly

known as Sterling and Wilson Powergen LLC).

"United Arab

Emirates"

49%

100%

2

Sterling and Wilson Singapore Pte Ltd

Singapore

100%

100%

interest thereon of ` 1,155.31 million) as at that date, in

three quarterly instalments of ` 5,000.00 million by 31

March 2020, ` 5,000.00 million by 30 June 2020 and

balance amount by 30 September 2020 (which would

include further accruals of interest beyond 31 December

2019). The Selling Shareholders have already facilitated the

repayment of inter-corporate deposits/loans amounting to

` 15,122.43 million by the fellow subsidiaries to the Holding

Company and its subsidiary, from the date of listing i.e.

20 August 2019 till 31 March 2020. The inter-corporate

deposits/loans (including interest accrued) outstanding as

at 31 March 2020 aggregate to ` 12,166.01 million (net).

The Holding Company has also responded to queries

(including from Shareholders, SEBI and ROC)/media

reports. The Holding Company, based on independent

opinions from legal experts, has determined that there is

no non-compliance with any provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 and/or SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2018 by the Holding Company,

in respect of this transaction.:

letter,

to go ahead with the works/maintenance of the plant

where in they also assured the Company that they would

make the payment if the customer failed to pay. As on date

the customer owes SWPL ` 924.54 million. In addition, an

amount of ` 641.04 million under confirmed, irrevocable

Letters of Credit arranged by the customer from their bank

mainly for the supplies which had been discounted by

SWPL, after confirmation both from the customer and their

bank, became due. Due to the NCLT actions against the

customer group, the customer’s bank refused to make the

payment to the Company’s bank citing prevention against

doing the same due to the NCLT order, and the Company

had to return the amount back to its bank.

During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Company has

initiated legal proceedings in both these matters: the

matter in respect of the customer / developer in currently

pending with the NCLT and the matter in respect of the

customers bank is currently pending with the National

Company Law Appellate Tribunal.

The Company has sought legal opinion regarding the

amount due from the developer as per their assurance: letter and from the customer’s bank due to failure to pay

confirmed Letters of Credit and has been advised that the

said amounts are recoverable. The amount of ` 924.54

million and ` 641.04 million is shown under the head Trade

Receivables and Other Financial Assets, respectively.

