letter and the spirit, as referenced elsewhere) and

keep abreast of updates to relevant regulations and legislation

affecting all the territories in which we operate.

Overview

The South African financial sector environment has changed over

the past few years, introducing trade-offs for Alexander Forbes.

While increasing regulation and legislation inevitably adds to our

compliance burden, the evolution of a pro-consumer regulatory

environment has created opportunities for us.

The regulations require funds to implement a default investment

strategy, default preservation and portability options, and enforce

an annuity strategy. Over time, there was a gradual deterioration

of member outcomes, which is the result of the shift from defined

benefit retirement funds to defined contribution models. In

short, most individual members faced a daunting array of fund,

benefit and annuity options and were not equipped to make

good choices. Poor decision-making about preservation when

changing jobs and annuitisation upon retirement was effectively

decimating member outcomes irrespective of the fund returns

achieved during the members’ working lifetime.

The change in regulations complements Alexander Forbes’s

objective of improving member outcomes. Our goal, in line

with the regulations, is to address member behavioural issues

which result in poor decision-making and sub-optimal member

outcomes. The traditional approach to address member

behavioural issues is to assist boards of trustees on standalone

funds, and management committees on umbrella funds, with

advice and solutions on how to address poor decision-making

by members. The reality is that most boards of trustees and

management committees lack resources and capacity to

communicate directly with members of funds. Therefore, it

was employer HR offices that were expected to communicate

with members. This was a linear approach, requiring the boards

of trustees and management committees, the employer and the

member to each play its role in improving member outcomes.

The new regulations require direct engagement with members

as part of the retirement benefit counselling (RBC) requirements.

Aside from the regulation, we had also identified the need to

put systems in place to engage with members directly, at key

moments in their life journey, and not only on retirement and exit.

A key departure from the traditional approach is that engagement

is now with all members of funds, rather than limited to high net

worth individuals. We have developed an integrated consulting

framework that aims to provide the best advice to members

to improve member engagement and ultimately retirement

outcomes. Alexander Forbes, through its integrated advice model

focusing on corporate and individual clients, is uniquely placed

to deliver on this member strategy to provide advice at employer

and member level that is geared toward behavioural change.

Regulators

The creation of default regulations in the Pension Funds

Act has had a profound impact on our business. Key

legislative developments affecting the provision of benefits

for retirement fund members took effect on 1 March 2019,

namely Regulation 37 around default investment portfolios,

Regulation 38 around default preservation and portability,

and Regulation 39 around annuity strategy.

Our regulatory environment also includes the updated papers

on three workstreams in the Retail Distribution Review, a draft of

the Conduct of Financial Institutions Bill, financial crime controls,

policyholder protection rules in the insurance space and more

recently a significant volume of COVID-19 related regulation and

communication from all regulators. These are all significant pieces

of legislation which affect the way we operate. Our attitude is to

‘do the right thing’ at all times.

The Alexander Forbes second-line compliance team assists the

board and executive in coordinating, implementing and reporting

on compliance policies, procedures and standards. They also

provide assurance for the group and subsidiaries on the status

of compliance and any gaps to be closed. Each of our platforms

has compliance personnel in place as a first line of defence. Their

role is to drive compliance awareness within the business line,

as well as to conduct monitoring and reporting throughout the

business and to provide practical recommendations and solutions.

Our performance

In response to changes in our regulatory environment we

have updated the benefit structures offered by our sponsored

funds and will update further annuity strategies where

necessary. We have also engaged with clients to assist them

in updating their annuity strategies. Our flagship annuity

solution, AFRIS, provides competitive portfolios and pricing

for annuity options.

While we remain committed to absorbing the costs of regulatory

compliance rather than passing them on to our clients, it has

placed upward pressure on our internal costs, which we aim

to alleviate through increased automation and efficiency in

our operations.

We have prioritised financial crime control, privacy and market

conduct programmes. We have remediated all applicable

contracts and forms, and continue to provide training for our

employees to ensure that they are up to date on all regulatory

requirements in dealing with clients.

Response to regulatory amendments and

legislation

While we respond quickly to meet changes in regulation,

Alexander Forbes also plays a proactive role in providing

commentary and feedback on proposed regulatory changes

that will affect our clients and members. We regularly review

white papers and draft regulations on behalf of the sector and

maintain a mutually beneficial and constructive relationship

with our regulators. During the year we continued to contribute

commentary on the Retail Distribution Review and have improved

our research and commentary presence at the Association for

Savings and Investment South Africa – one of the industry bodies

of which we are a member (Also refer to King IV application in

the Governance report).

Looking forward

For FY2021 and beyond, we will remain pre-emptive

in responding to expected regulatory changes and will

continue with training and education initiatives to ensure

swift and effective responses. We are also taking a more

proactive approach, actively seeking to help guide policy

debates so that they serve the best interests of our clients.

Alexander Forbes Group Holdings Limited

53

Our performance

52

Integrated annual report 31 March 2020:

