Managing Director of the Currimjee group of companies

where he has had executive experience for 36 years. The group

is one of the largest diversified commercial business groups in

Mauritius with broad investments in India and a focus on a wide

range of activities including telecommunications, real estate,

hospitality, energy and financial services. He holds non-executive

directorships in Building and Civil Engineering Co. Ltd and Sanlam

Africa Core Real Estate Fund. He is the Chairman of the Joint

Business Council Mauritius and India and was Chairman of the

Mauritius Chamber of Commerce in 2003.

Between 2004 to 2016, Amil was the Honorary Consul General

of Japan in Mauritius. He was appointed to the Board of ARC

Investments on 11 March 2019.

Clive is an Independent Non-executive Director. He serves as

a Director of Untu Holdings Limited, a Botswana registered

investment holding company. He is the current Chief Executive

Officer of Untu Capital Limited, a Zimbabwean SME financier. He

spent six years with PricewaterhouseCoopers in Zimbabwe, the

United States and the United Kingdom in Audit and Corporate

Finance. He has experience in the financial services industry

having done several corporate finance deals in the sector.

Prior to founding the Untu group, he was with an emerging

market private equity firm, Actis Capital. He is a Chartered

Accountant by training and won the National Prize for the best

qualifying student in his final qualifying exams. He is a CFA

charter-holder and holds a Master of Business Administration

from the University of Oxford.

Renosi has held several leadership positions in the public sector

and academia. She was the Deputy Governor of the South African

Reserve Bank from August 2005 to July 2010 and Executive

Director of the World Bank in 2010 to 2012. She has also served as

the Executive Dean of the Graduate School of Business Leadership,

UNISA, and as a senior policy analyst at the Development Bank

of Southern Africa. She is currently the Executive Chairperson of

Concentric Alliance.

She holds non-executive directorships at Bidvest Bank Limited,

GEPF and Vukile Property Fund amongst others. Her committee

membership includes Remuneration, Governance, Audit and

Social and Ethics.

Mark Olivier (52)

Independent Non-executive Chairperson

British | CA(SA)

Appointment date: 10 August 2017

Anil Currimjee (58)

Independent Non-executive Director

Mauritian | BA, MBA

Appointment date: 11 March 2019

Clive Msipha (38)

Independent Non-executive Director

Zimbabwean | CFA, CA(Z), MBA

Appointment date: 11 August 2017

Dr Renosi Mokate (62)

Independent Non-executive Director

South African | BA, MA, PhD

Appointment date: 23 November 2017

ND

A&RC

ND

A&RC

NC*

A&RC#

N&RC

ND

A&RC*

N&RC

STEWARDSHIP

BOARD MEMBERS:

Managing Director of Copper Moon Trading. He previously held a number of positions with

Coca-Cola. He was a Fullbright Scholar and a member of the Harvard LLM Association.

Johan van der Merwe (55)

MCom, MPhil (Cantab), CA(SA), AMP (Harvard), COL (Insead)

Johan is the co-CEO of African Rainbow Capital. He previously served as the CEO of Sanlam Investments for

a period of 11 years.

Dr Johan van Zyl (64)

PhD (Economics), D.Sc (Agric)

Johan is the co-CEO of African Rainbow Capital as well as the CEO of Ubuntu- Botho Investments. He

previously served as group CEO of Sanlam for a period of 12 years.

Tom Boardman (70)

BCom, CA(SA)

Tom previously served as the CEO of Nedbank, and has a long history working in financial services as well as retail.

UBUNTU-BOTHO INVESTMENTS BOARD:

