Managing Director of Citigroup and J Henry

Schroder Wagg & Co. Limited and serves as

a non-executive director on several boards of

companies, including Brait Mauritius Limited, BE

offices, Wearisma and Zoggs. He has extensive

investment and advisory experience in the

European retail, consumer, luxury goods and

property sectors.

The Board is

committed to

business integrity,

transparency and

sustainability in

all its activities

to ensure that all

the entities within

the Group are

managed ethically

and responsibly

The current

members of the

Board are as

follows:

Dr Lawrence Leon Porter (68)†

Independent Non-Executive Director

Date appointed: 28 May 2013

Qualifications: BA, BSc, DPhil (Oxon), Fellow of

the British Computer Society, Chartered Information

Technology Professional

After a period of research in Experimental Psychology,

Dr Porter was with IBM Corporation for twenty five years

where he held various positions in Senior Management

and as a Senior Consultant in Research and

Development. He was a Technical Staff Member and an

IBM Master Inventor. He holds numerous US patents in

the field of Information Technology. He resides in Malta.

Governance

11:

Managing Director and was appointed Vice Chairman of Citigroup 2000−08, coordinating client facing strategy across

a diverse retail and wholesale financial services group. He was Chairman of Southern Water Plc 2002-04 and Chairman of Gateway to

London, a public private partnership engaged in the regeneration of East London, 2002−08. Anthony was also a governor of the Institute

of Financial Services; a director of the International Financial Services London (TheCityUK) and a member of the Governing Body of the

International Chamber of Commerce UK. He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce. As Minister for Trade

and Industry 1995-97, Anthony was responsible for the regulation of the insurance industry, including the reconstruction and renewal of

Lloyd’s of London. He led 34 trade missions to all parts of the world on behalf of the UK insurance industry. As Economic Secretary to the

Treasury 1992-95, Anthony was responsible for supervision of the UK financial and banking system. Anthony started his career with N.M.

Rothschild and Sons as an asset manager and research analyst covering financial services.

Pierre George Joubert (55) **

Proposed independent non-executive Director

Qualifications: Bachelor of Commerce (University of Cape Town), CA(SA)

Pierre is the CEO of Universal Partners, an investment holding company listed on the Stock Exchange of Mauritius and the Alt X board of

the JSE, with an investment focus on Europe and the UK. Prior to joining Universal Partners in 2016, he was the chief investment officer

of the Richmark Group of companies. Previously he spent 13 years at Rand Merchant Bank (“RMB”) fulfilling various roles including senior

transactor in the Corporate Finance division, head of the Equities and co-head of the Global Markets divisions. Pierre is a member of the

RMB investment committee, a position he has held for 17 years. He is also a member of the Ashburton Private Equity Fund 1 investment

committee and a non-executive director of Homechoice International Plc. Previously, Pierre held various executive positions at Connection

Group Holdings Ltd including that of CEO of Connection Group for four years, leading the successful turnaround of the business that

culminated in the group being bought by JD Group Ltd. Pierre resides permanently in Mauritius.

James Murray (Murray) Grant (60) †

Proposed independent non-executive Director

Qualifications: Master of Business Administration (London Business School), BSc Honours in Civil & Structural Engineering

(Edinburgh University)

Murray is the CEO of Cregneash Holdings Ltd, London. Prior to joining Cregneash in 2019, Murray was the: Managing

Managing Director. She has 15 years’ investment banking

experience as originator and structurer of acquisition financing/investments for mid to large cap corporates in South Africa, Sub Saharan

Africa and Europe, as a dealmaker within RMB and as a Principle in Acquisition and Leverage Finance at Nedbank. Chairing the Investment

Committee, she is an actively involved independent non-executive director on the board of Ascendis Health Limited, overseeing the

deleveraging of Ascendis through strategic disposals of certain assets. She is also an independent non-executive director on the board of

Northam Platinum. Yoza is actively involved in numerous outreach and social responsibility programmes.

Paul Johannes Roelofse (42) *

Proposed non-executive Director

Qualifications: B.Acc (Cum Laude) degree and B.Acc (Hons) degree from the University of Stellenbosch, CA(SA) and CFA charterholder

Paul co-founded Oryx Partners in October 2019, which manages Dr Christo Wiese’s family office and serves as a strategic business

partner of the Wiese family. Paul has served as Dr Wiese’s alternate director on the Brait board since October 2019. Prior to Oryx Partners,

Paul spent 17 years at RMB, where he led a number of pioneering transactions, serving on the RMB Investment Banking Board from 2009

until he resigned in 2019. Paul headed RMB’s global Corporate Finance business from 2009 to 2015. Paul is a Dealmaker of the Year Award

winner from Dealmakers magazine.

Nationality

† British

* South African

** South African – resides in Mauritius:

letter of representation to attend the AGM, or if you do not wish to attend, provide your CSDP with your voting instructions in

terms of your custody agreement entered into with them.

I/We

(full names in block letters) of (address)

being a holder/s of

shares in the Company, hereby appoint (see note ii)

1.

or (or failing him/her)

2.

or (or failing him/her):

