managing director in 2000

and served as CEO of Capitec and Capitec Bank from

March 2004 until his retirement on 31 December 2013.

He succeeded Michiel le Roux as chairman of the boards

on 1 June 2016.

Riaan retired from the boards on 31 May 2019.

Independent non-executive directors

Susan Louise Botha (55)

BEcon (Hons)

Chairman of the boards and the directors’

affairs committee

Santie was appointed as the chairman of the boards of

Capitec and Capitec Bank effective 1 June 2019. She

served as an executive director of MTN Group (2003 to

2010) and Absa Bank (1996 to 2003). She is the chairman

of Curro Holdings and Famous Brands and a non-executive

director of Telkom. She also serves as a member of the

advisory board of Accenture (South Africa). Santie received

a number of awards, including Business Woman of the Year

(2010) and Top 100 Most Reputable Africans (2018).

Santie was appointed to the boards of Capitec and Capitec

Bank on 1 June 2019.

Lindiwe Angela Dlamini (50)

BA (Law), LLM (Tax Law)

Lindi served on the boards of Capitec and Capitec Bank

from 6 April 2017 until 30 June 2019.

Thetele Emmarancia Mashilwane (44)

BComm (Hons), CA(SA), RA, MBA

Emma is the cofounder and CEO of Masa Risk Advisory

Services. Her previous positions include CFO at Carl Zeiss

Optronics, head of internal audit at Nkonki Incorporated,

senior manager at KPMG and CFO at Masana

Technologies. She serves on the boards of Tiger Brands

and Famous Brands.

Emma was appointed to the boards of Capitec and Capitec

Bank on 6 March 2020.

Kabelo Makwane (43)

BComm

Chairman of the social and ethics committee

Kabelo is managing executive: cloud, hosting and security

at Vodacom Business Africa. Previously he was managing

director of Accenture (2016 to 2019) and managing

director of Microsoft, Nigeria (2013 to 2016), which he

successfully developed into a standalone subsidiary of

Microsoft Corporation. He gained extensive experience in

IT and sales during his career at Storgate Africa (2001),:

managing director of the Co-operative Banks Development

Agency since 2011. Previously he worked at the National

Treasury as chief director: international finance (2010 to

2011), chief director: financial sector development (2006 to

2010) and director: banking development (2002 to 2006).:

letter

from the human resources and remuneration committee

(REMCO) chairman, reporting on factors that influenced

the remuneration policy, and forward-looking approaches.

Part 2 contains the forward-looking remuneration policy.

Part 3 illustrates the implementation of the remuneration

policy over the financial year.

Part 1: background statement: Letter from the REMCO chairman

It gives me great pleasure to present to you our

remuneration report for the 2020 financial year on behalf

of the remuneration committee.

Capitec grew strongly in the year under review, as

discussed in the CEO and CFO’s reports on pages 5 and

10 respectively. Headline earnings increased by 19% from

R5.3 billion to R6.28 billion. This was coupled with a return

on equity (ROE) of 28%. Our leadership team successfully

executed our strategic priorities for the year, including the

successful acquisition of Mercantile Bank Holdings Limited

and its subsidiaries, and are to be commended for this in a

year that saw consumers under inflationary pressures and

job losses. The REMCO is satisfied with the implementation

of the remuneration policy in the year. More details about

the implementation of the remuneration policy is set out in

Part 3 of the remuneration report.

Capitec remains focused on developing remuneration

strategies that best serve stakeholder interests through

sustainable growth. Remuneration is based on the

successful implementation of these strategies so as to

ensure that we only reward actions that advance

stakeholder interests and that pay is appropriately aligned

to performance. We continually monitor developments in

regulation, best practice and related changes in the market

that may have an impact on our approach to remuneration

and regularly take input from stakeholders into

consideration. We have engaged independent external

remuneration consultants to ensure that our remuneration

policy remains fit for purpose in a dynamic and changing

environment and aligned to the achievement of our

strategies. In particular, we see our remuneration policy

as key to our ability to attract and retain talent in a market

where the battle for talent is fierce.

During the year under review, in addition to the standing

agenda items, the REMCO oversaw the following actions:

• Reviewed the total reward packages (including benefits)

of employees in key critical areas e.g. IT and Business

Development, to ensure that they remain competitive

and aid the retention of scarce and valuable skills.

• Reviewed all variable incentive arrangements and

compared them to market best practice as well as

current and future viability. The REMCO agreed not to

make any immediate changes but to continue to monitor

the effectiveness of the current schemes in the context

of attracting, retaining and incentivising employees.

• Reviewed our formal internal pay policies and processes

to ensure that these policies and processes are

fulfilling their objectives. This review resulted in the

implementation of a malus and clawback policy for senior

management variable pay.

• Reviewed the total remuneration (TR) packages of

employees with critical skills together with appropriate

retention mechanisms in order to ensure that these

employees are remunerated in line with market. This was

completed with the May 2019 increases.

• Reviewed strategy with regards to attracting and

retaining staff with data analytic capabilities. Appropriate

changes were made to both the remuneration bands

applicable in the area as well as to the salaries of

employees currently employed in these positions.

Our remuneration policy remains largely unchanged, other

than for the introduction of malus and clawback which is

described in more detail below.

Mercantile is adopting the Capitec Bank remuneration

policy from the 2021 financial year. There are existing

incentive schemes which will expire and there will be no

further grants.

The REMCO saw some changes in its composition during

FY2020. We bid farewell to Ms LA Dlamini who resigned

from her position as REMCO chair during FY2020. We are

also pleased to welcome Ms SL Botha to the REMCO.

letter, terms, audit plan and budgeted

fees for the 2020 financial year;

• Approved the nature and extent of non-audit services

that the external auditor may provide;

• Nominated for election at the annual general meeting,

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. as the external audit firm;

• Satisfied itself, based on the information and

explanations supplied by management and obtained

through discussions with the independent external

auditor and internal auditors, that the system of internal

financial controls of all the companies included in

the consolidated financial statements, is effective

and forms a basis for the preparation of reliable

financial statements;:

