Managing Director’s Report

12 Chairman of COVID-19 Committee Report

13 Corporate Governance

35 Board Report on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls

36 Group Audit Committee Report on the Effectiveness of

Internal Financial Controls

37 Group Remuneration Report

54 Group Social and Ethics Report

58 Group Audit Committee Report

GOVERNANCE

REPORTS

OUR BUSINESS

OUR BUSINESS

1

13

62

The Integrated Annual Report was prepared

under the supervision of Mr. IB Hume (CA(SA);

ACMA), the Group Financial Director. The

Annual Financial Statements have been

audited (refer to the Independent Auditors’

Report to the Shareholders on pages 83 to 88).:

Managing Director.

RESULTS

The year ended 30 June 2020 was the worst in the history

of Clientèle. I am proud of what the management team and

staff have been able to achieve in the circumstances but the

outcome can only be described as disappointing. All of the

hard work and lessons learnt will however position Clientèle

well for an improvement in the economy.

FUTURE PROSPECTS

The Group has, despite the dire circumstances, emerged

strongly solvent, well capitalised and with positive cash flows.

We believe that there remains strong demand for our

products and services and we are focused on being ahead

of the curve as the world and insurance markets emerge

from the COVID-19 pandemic.

APPRECIATION

At the start of the 2020 year Hugo Louw was appointed as: Managing

Managing Director’s Report continued:

Managing Director’s Report continued

Governance and King IV

The Board has continued to meaningfully apply the

principles recommended in the King IV report in a manner

appropriate for the Group and the financial sector within

which the Group operates. The Group's primary objective,

in terms of applying the King IV principles, is to ensure that

the governance outcomes relating to an ethical culture,

effective control, good performance and legitimacy are

firmly embedded with the Group in order to ensure

long-term shareholder value and benefit all stakeholders.

The Group's governance framework detailed in the

Corporate Governance section of this Integrated Annual

Report clearly outlines roles and areas of accountability and

recognises the independent roles and duties required to

govern the Group effectively. The governance framework

aims to promote strategic alignment across the Group and

facilitate efficient decision-making at the appropriate levels.

The governance framework is supported by the Board and

Committee Terms of Reference, which provide guidelines to

steer performance in a manner aimed at creating value.

During the 2020 financial year the Group has, in all material

respects, voluntarily applied King IV principles and complied

with the mandatory corporate governance provisions in the

JSE Listings Requirements. A narrative of how the Group

has applied the King IV principles and complied with the

JSE Listings Requirements is set out in the Corporate

Governance section of this Integrated Annual Report.

RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board continues to acknowledge and monitor its

responsibilities with regard to the management of risk in

terms of King IV. The Group Risk Committee is an

established Board Committee with a Terms of Reference

approved by the Board.

The strategy for managing risk is aligned with the principles

of the new Insurance Act and related prudential standards.

Business objectives, based on a 3-year time horizon, are

set by the various entities and divisions within the Group.

Action plans to achieve these business objectives are then

identified so as to support the longer term strategy. Risk

events that could threaten the achievement of the business

objectives are identified and rated against an impact and

probability scale, which differs between entities and

divisions given their individual materiality level.

Potential risk events are managed so as to minimise any

negative impact on the Group. All risk events are measured

against a pre-defined overall risk appetite. The current

Group risk appetite comprises three metrics, namely,

financial soundness (prudential minimum plus a buffer), free

cash flow and REVE. Specific key risks are also measured

individually against pre-defined risk tolerance levels.

The risk management process contributes towards the

early identification and on-going management of systemic

and organisational exposure, in parallel with all Board and

Non-Board Committees, which all contribute to a combined

assurance model.

RESPONSE TO COVID-19

COVID-19 has had a significant impact on all businesses.

Clientèle was not exempt from this. Nonetheless, Clientèle

opted to use the challenges arising from

COVID-19 and the consequent National Lockdown to

ensure that it treats Clients and Employees well at all times.

During the 2020 year a COVID-19 Committee was

established to ensure compliance with all new COVID-19

regulations, as well as to ensure the Health and Safety of all

our employees. In particular, Clientèle made the following

changes as a consequence of COVID-19:

• We were the first Insurer to remove waiting periods for

COVID-19 claims on all our funeral policies;

• We enhanced our legal policy to provide COVID-19

assistance;

• We launched alternative service channels to assist

clients via digital means;

• We enhanced our Rewards program to include items

such as online education and free trauma and counselling

support with a particular emphasis on COVID-19;

• We ensured that all staff received their basic salaries

throughout the Lockdown period;

• We instituted shift working as the economy opened up

in order to ensure that as many staff as possible were

able to earn salaries and incentives; and,

• We continued to focus on paying every valid claim.

Clientèle also implemented random testing of employees

for COVID-19. At the time of writing, around 140 Clientèle

employees have tested positive for COVID-19 (almost all of

these in a 5 week period in June and July 2020). Sadly,

2 Clientèle employees passed away as a consequence of

COVID-19. At the time of writing this report, we had no

reported active cases.

B-BBEE

Clientèle remains committed to increasing the B-BBEE

shareholding in Clientèle over time. The majority of our

B-BBEE shares are held directly and indirectly by YTI.

Clientèle has provided financial assistance resulting in a net

exposure through guarantees of R200 million for the

purchase of approximately 8.97% (11.34% after allowing

for indirect holdings) of Clientèle’s issued shares (“ordinary

Shares”) by YTI. As at 30 June 2020, these guarantees

remained in place. The previously reported and approved

further guarantee of R89.5 million was not issued.

YTI is the investment company of the Hollard Foundation

Trust. The Hollard Foundation Trust was established in

2006 to address systemic challenges that negatively impact

the future prospects of the current generation of

disadvantaged young South Africans. As such, the Trust

supports a portfolio of strategic social enterprises to drive

systemic change and social innovation in three targeted

impact areas: early childhood development (through Kago

Ya Bana and SmartStart), public schooling (through the

Programme for Improved Learning Outcome (PILO) and:

Managing Director’s Report continued

FUEL) and youth economic inclusion (through Harambee

Youth Employment Accelerator).

Kago Ya Bana and SmartStart form an integrated portfolio

of approximately 4,000 early learning social enterprises

offering affordable, quality early childhood development

across all 9 provinces of the country.

PILO is a multi-stakeholder change management intervention

implemented in KwaZulu-Natal and the Free State. It is

working in 7,300 schools, across 254 circuits to improve

district and school capacity to deliver the curriculum in

order to improve the learning outcomes for more than

3.46 million learners.

FUEL leverages the monitoring, reporting and responding

methodology to support the national Department of

Education to effectively implement the school nutrition

programme. To date, FUEL has supported schools in 9

provinces by ensuring that a nutritious meal is served every

day, on time, to more than 9 million deserving learners.

Harambee is accelerating Inclusive Youth Employment by

addressing the entry level demand-supply mismatch. To

date Harambee has supported 780,000 work seekers

to accelerate their transition from learning to earning.

Harambee has partnered with over 500 companies,

including Clientèle, to place 170,000 young people in their

first income earning opportunities.

CORPORATE SOCIAL INVESTMENTS

Clientèle focuses on Corporate Social Investment projects

that have the ability to uplift the communities in which we

operate and which will have a lasting effect.

During the year under review, our CSI initiatives focused on

the following pillars:

1. Education

Clientèle launched a bursary scheme during the course

of 2009 to support the children of our staff and IFAs

with bursaries to enable them to complete tertiary

studies. The bursary covers all costs relating to the

beneficiaries studies including tuition, books, meals and

accommodation. Currently we have 19 bursary holders

that are in the process of obtaining their qualifications.

This year, the bursary students received additional

support during the national Lockdown period as most

found themselves having to attend lessons from their

homes across South Africa. The company provided the

students with resources such as laptops and access to

the internet to assist the learning process. The students

have continued to receive support through their

appointed mentors (who are Clientèle managers) via the

mentorship programme that was established three

years ago.

Clientèle has also produced an “After Death and

Funeral Guide” which seeks to educate South Africans

on how to deal with a variety of events that arise after

the death of a loved one. This free guide will be made

available on various different platforms.

2. Community Development and Donations:

At Clientèle we believe the youth are our future. Our

Community Development Initiatives are focused on

providing assistance to organisations that offer much

needed support to vulnerable children and youth.

Current beneficiaries include:

• Sithabile Child and Youth Centre in Benoni;

• Jika Uluntu Children and Youth Centre in East London;

• Okwethu Community Centre in Katlehong;

• Home of Mother and Child, a centre that looks after

vulnerable mothers and children in Ennerdale;

• Meals on Wheels, a charitable organisation providing

meals to the needy across South Africa; and,

• Ditau Primary School in Soweto.

3. Solidarity Fund Contribution

Clientèle and its Group Executives and Non-executive

Directors contributed around R4 million to the Solidarity

Fund. The Solidarity Fund has been created as a

platform for all South Africans, from the public and

private sectors, civil society, as well as the general

public, to unite the nation in our response to the

COVID-19 crisis. The Fund is designed as a rapid

response vehicle that aims to support the various

government and non-governmental organisations

(NGOs) in prevention, detection, medical and

humanitarian support.

4. Employee Giving and Volunteering

Responding to our invitation made some years ago,

Clientèle employees continue to make financial

contributions to assist the company in financing our

various CSI Initiatives. Our employees have further

volunteered their personal time through support for

various food parcel drives which were undertaken

throughout the National Lockdown period from April to

June 2020.

The spirit of Ubuntu certainly lives through Clientèle

employees.

BUSINESS SEGMENTS

Long-term Insurance

Clientèle Life's Long-term insurance segment remains the

major contributor to the Group’s performance and recorded

a 17% decrease in net profit after tax for the year to

R294.5 million (2019: R355.4 million).

Short-term Insurance

Clientèle Legal recorded net profit for the year of R53.2 million

(2019: R54.3 million), a 2% decrease.

DIVIDENDS

The Board has declared a dividend per ordinary share of

95.00 cents, a decrease of 27.5% over last year’s dividend

per ordinary share of 131.00 cents.:

Managing Director’s Report continued

OUTLOOK

Clientèle is more than ever aware of the demand for its

products and the need to continue to treat its clients well. I

am proud of the Management team who are successfully

navigating the business through the current challenges and

Clientèle remains well positioned to service new and existing

clients into the future.

Our recent initiatives, which include Clientèle Rewards, the

Clientèle App, Clientèle Mobile and the adoption of

DebiCheck are aimed at adding value to our clients and

improving persistency and the quality of new business

written over time. Clientèle will continue to focus on

increasing production levels across all of its distribution

channels, many of which have been successfully re-

engineered for the new operating environment.

In light of the effects of COVID-19 even tighter control is

being kept on expenses and there will be continuous focus

on improving business efficiencies.

Clientèle Rewards, the Clientèle App and Clientèle Mobile

are important ingredients in offering our clients improved

value, convenience and service which we believe will further

enhance and differentiate the Clientèle business model into

the future.

Clientèle remains committed to providing products and

services that are relevant and meet our clients’ needs and

will continue to improve on the delivery of these to the

market conveniently and efficiently.

While I am understandably disappointed by the results for

the year, I am cognisant of the environment and comfortable

that the recent challenges have been handled well.

Furthermore I am comforted by our strong financial and

solvency position and encouraged by the prospects for

growth and value creation over time.

APPRECIATION AND BOARD

COMPOSITION

The past year has been one of the most challenging in

Clientèle’s history and I would like to thank the Chairman of

the Board and the Non-executive Directors for their

unwavering support of the management team during this

difficult period.

Thanks also to Excom and the management team who

have worked harder this year than any other in order to

ensure the sustainability of Clientèle during a very turbulent

period.

Dumisa Hlatshwayo and Gavin Chadwick, joined the Board

of Clientèle as a Non-Executive Director and an Alternative

Non-Executive Director respectively. We welcome them to

the team and look forward to the value that they will add in

the future. Hugo Louw acted as: Managing

Managing Director is formalised and his performance evaluated

against specified criteria. The Board has established

Committees to which certain responsibilities and authorities are

delegated.

11

The Board should govern risk in a way

that supports the organisation in

setting and achieving strategic

objectives.

The Board understands and takes accountability for all risks that

potentially affect the achievement of its strategic objectives and

has delegated the responsibility for overseeing the adequacy

and effectiveness of the risk management process to the Group

Audit and Group Risk Committees.

The Group Audit and Group Risk Committees delegate to

management the responsibility to continuously identify, assess,

mitigate and manage risks within the existing operating

environment. Mitigating controls are in place to address these

risks, which are monitored on a continuous basis.

Three Independent Non-executive Directors are members

of both the Group Audit and Group Risk Committees, thus

ensuring that there is coordination in respect of the evaluation

and reporting of risks.

12

The Board should govern technology

and information in a way that supports

the organisation in setting and

achieving its strategic objectives.

Excom has an established Group IT Steering Committee to

assist in its IT Governance responsibilities. The IT governance

framework and IT Policy framework supports effective and

efficient management and decision-making around the utilisation

of IT resources to facilitate the achievement of the Group’s

objectives and the management of IT-related risk. The Group IT

Steering Committee has a Terms of Reference, policies,

decision-making structures, an accountability framework, IT

reporting and an IT risk and controls framework, to guide

their activities.:

letter is sent to every insurance policyholder who takes up a policy;

• Rewards and Mobile clients will receive a welcome SMS and/or e-mail containing a link to their relevant

terms and conditions;

• A well-established and well-trained call centre deals with client queries;

• Clients are also able to access important information and update certain details via the self- service

portal and the Clientèle App;

• SMS and in-App communication is widely used to keep clients up to date on their particular interactions

with the Group;

• Walk-in centres assist clients who prefer face-to-face contact in dealing with their queries; and

• Agency kiosks are located in various shopping centres across South Africa where a prospective client

can take out a policy or contract.

The Group subscribes to the principles of TCF to ensure that:

• Clients can be confident that they are dealing with a Group where the fair treatment of clients is central

to the corporate culture;

• Products marketed and sold are designed to meet the needs of identified consumer groups and are

targeted accordingly;

• Products are easy to understand. The wording of policies and contracts are continuously reviewed to

ensure the wording is simple, clear and easy to follow;

• There is a focus on client-centricity to ensure that clients get the after-sales service that they expect;

• The Group always deals with clients with compassion; and

• There is a continuous focus on the claims process and complaints management to ensure that clients

receive professional and timely claims service.

The TCW initiative, which goes beyond TCF, combined with the Group’s values, are integral in achieving

the Clientèle purpose of “Safeguarding your world... with compassion.”

Also refer to the Group Social and Ethics Report on pages 54 to 57.:

Managing Director on an annual basis.

The Board is mandated to discharge its duties by ensuring that they have fulfilled their responsibilities as set out above.

2.6 Independence of the Board

By adhering to a number of key principles, the Board’s independence from Excom is ensured:

• The Board has twelve Directors (including one Alternate Director), eight of whom are Non-executive of which

six are Independent Non-executive Directors. Included in the twelve Directors, is Mr. GK Chadwick, the

Alternate Director to Dr. ADT Enthoven. The Board has considered their independence and has held discussions

with the Directors and is of the opinion that they are Independent in their actions, judgment and conduct;

• Clientèle has an Independent Non-executive Chairman;

• The roles of Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director and Company Secretary, the Board meeting schedule

and agenda to take full account of the important issues facing the Group and the concerns of all Directors, and

ensures that adequate time is available for thorough discussion of critical and strategic issues;

• Ensures that the Board is properly briefed on issues arising at Board meetings and receives, in a timely manner,

adequate information which must be accurate, clear, complete and reliable, to fulfil its duties, such as reports

on the Group’s performance, the issues, challenges and opportunities facing the Group, and matters reserved

for it to make decisions on;

• Ensures that there is effective communication with shareholders and other stakeholders, and that each Director

develops and maintains an understanding of the stakeholders’ views; and

• Establishes good corporate governance practices and procedures and promotes the highest standards of

integrity and corporate governance throughout the Group and particularly at Board level.

Mr. Routledge was appointed as a member of the Group Audit Committee on 1 December 2018 upon the

resignation of Ms Molefe and is also a member of the Group Risk, Group Investment, Group Remuneration and

Group Nominations Committees.

Mr. Routledge was appointed as Chairman of the Board of Clientèle on 31 January 2008. Mr. Routledge’s notice

period is six months.

Mr. Routledge is allowed to hold outside professional positions and commitments and discloses these positions

to the Group Nominations Committee on an annual basis and whenever there have been significant changes in

outside appointments and commitments.

The Board is of the opinion that there is no need for a Lead Independent Director due to the size of the Company

and the Group, as well as the size and structure of the Board Committees.:

Managing Director

Mr. Basil William Reekie is the: Managing Director of Clientèle. Mr. Reekie’s notice period is six months.

Mr. Reekie is a Fellow of the Actuarial Society of South Africa and has no other professional commitments.

A succession plan is in place for the position of Managing Director.

2.10 Executive Directors

There were no payments made relating to sign-on or termination of employment to any Executive Directors.

2.11 Group Company Secretary

Mrs. W van Zyl was appointed as Group Company Secretary on 1 July 2006 and is a qualified Chartered

Accountant. The Group Company Secretary provides support and guidance to the Board on matters relating to

governance across the Group. She assists the Board as a whole, and Directors individually, with detailed guidance

as to how their responsibilities should be properly discharged in the best interests of the Group. She facilitates,

where necessary, induction and training for Directors and assists the Managing Director in determining the annual

meeting timetable.

The Board, on a biennial basis, assesses the competence, qualifications and experience of the Group Company

Secretary, as required in terms of the Listings Requirements and has agreed that she is sufficiently qualified,

competent and experienced to hold her position as Group Company Secretary. This assessment is done through

a questionnaire completed by every Board member.

The Group Company Secretary fulfils no Excom function and is not a Director. Therefore, the Board is satisfied that

the Group Company Secretary maintains an arm’s length relationship with the Executive team, the Board and

individual Directors in terms of the Listings Requirements.

The Group Company Secretary is also the secretary to the majority of the Board Committees.

2.12 Directors’ Interests

The shareholding of Directors appear on page 53 in the Group Remuneration Report.

2.13 Share Dealing by Directors and Senior Personnel

Clientèle has implemented a code relating to share dealing by Directors and all personnel who, by virtue of the key

positions they hold, have comprehensive knowledge of the Group’s affairs. The code imposes closed periods to

prohibit dealing in Clientèle securities before the announcement of mid-year and year-end financial results or in any

other period considered price sensitive, in compliance with the requirements of the Financial Markets Act, 2012,

and the Listings Requirements in respect of dealings by Directors. The Group Company Secretary undertakes the

administration required to ensure compliance with this code under the direction of the

Managing Director attends all

meetings by invitation

• Refer to pages 73 to 77 for members’

qualifications and experience

• The composition and responsibilities of this

Committee are aligned to the Prudential Standard

GOI 2 – Governance of Insurers

Assessment:

• Every second year

• Satisfactory rating in September 2020

Conclusion:

Satisfied that the Committee has fulfilled its

responsibilities in accordance with the Terms of

Reference for the reporting period.

2020 KEY FOCUS AREAS

• The Group Remuneration Committee assists the Board in ensuring that:

–

The Group remunerates Directors and Executives fairly and responsibly;

–

The levels of increases given to staff and management is appropriately reviewed; and

–

The disclosure of remuneration is accurate, complete and transparent.

• Overseeing the remuneration policy and ensuring that it promotes the achievement of strategic

objectives and Group targets;

• Reviewing the outcomes of implementation of remuneration policy in terms of achievement of set

objectives;

• Benchmarking Executive remuneration;

• Ensuring the mix of fixed and variable pay meets the Group’s strategic objectives and needs. Changes

implemented to fixed and variable pay was a particular focus area for the year;

• Satisfying itself as to the accuracy of performance measures that govern vesting and payment of

incentives and bonuses;

• Ensuring that all benefits are justified and correctly valued;

• Considering the evaluation results of the performance of the Group: Managing

Managing Director and senior management are

developed and implemented;

• Recommend to the Board the continuation (or not) in service of any Director who has reached the age

of 75;

• Considering annually, the eligibility for re-election of those Directors who retire by rotation and recommend

or advise otherwise such retiring Directors’ re-appointments by shareholders at the AGM taking into

account the results of their performance evaluation;

• Considering annually, as part of the Board evaluation process, the independence of the Non-executive

Directors. A separate annual review is required for Independent Directors serving for longer than nine

years, to ensure:

–

the member exercises objective judgment; and

–

there is no interest, position, association or relationship which, when judged from the perspective of a

reasonable and informed third party, is likely to influence unduly or cause bias in decision-making.

• Overseeing the formal induction programme for new Directors including the development and

implementation of continuing professional development programmes for Directors and mentorship of

Directors where required;

• Ensuring that Directors receive regular briefings on changes in risks, laws and the environment in which

the company operates;

• Co-ordinating the annual performance evaluation of the Board and Committees, independence

assessment of Directors, peer reviews, and assessment of the qualifications and competence of the

Group Company Secretary;

• Ensuring the implementation of action plans emanating from the annual evaluations;

• Considering and recommending to the Board for approval policies relating to the Committee’s mandate

as set out in the Terms of Reference;

• Recording and approval of any delegation to an individual member or members (including nature and

extent of delegation, decision-making authority, duration of delegation and delegate’s reporting

responsibilities);

• Agreeing with the: Managing

Managing Director of Clientéle Life on 30 June 2020.

2 Chairperson of Group Investment Committee.

3 Chairperson of Group Audit, Group Risk, Group Remuneration and Group Nominations Committees.

4 Chairperson of Group Social and Ethics Committee.

5 Appointed Non-Executive Director on 1 February 2020.

6 Appointed Alternate Non-Executive Director on 2 October 2019.

7 Appointed as: Managing

Managing Director and the Group Financial Director on

attesting to an adequate internal financial control environment in compliance with the JSE Listings Requirements' section

3.84(k). Compliance with this paragraph will be applicable to the Group during the 2021 financial year. Even effective

systems of internal, financial and operating controls, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the:

Managing Director and can change the payment upwards or downwards for

individuals or all participants at its discretion.

Performance

measures

The award for all participants is determined on the basis of Clientèle’s

performance as well as individual performance assessments measured against

key measurements factors determined at the beginning of the year. Key

measurement factors considered for Group Excom include the following:

• Group profits;

• Managing Withdrawals;

• Production and Quality of New Business;

• Developing new distribution channels;

• Lead creation;

• Focus on Authenticated Collections;

• Building brand and other marketing activities;

• Innovation;

• Smooth functioning of relevant business areas;

• Improving culture and level of client service;

• Staff Management and Treating Employees Well;

• Staff development and stability;

• Succession planning;

• Expense management;

• Strategic input and Executive contribution;

• Fintech, automation, digital strategy;

• System stability;

• Hardware development and planning;

• Attainment of appropriate B-BBEE certification;

• TCW;

• Maintaining appropriate service levels and standards;

• Transformation;

• Living the values; and

• Key staff retention.

The key measurement factors are different in weight depending on the role of

the participant and do not all apply to each and every participant. The key

measurement factors also contribute to the final awards for the EV incentive.

Key measurement

scores of Group

Excom for 2020

Ranged from 63% to 90% (2019: 75% to 96%). For 2020 these were further

adjusted as a consequence of COVID-19 and the resultant Lockdown. This

resulted in a final range of 48.5% to 78.7%.:

Managing Director and subject to

Group Remuneration Committee approval.

Operation

The EV incentive element incentivises participants over the medium-term for

performance over and above that for which they are remunerated and

incentivised for under Clientèle’s standard remuneration and short-term bonus

policy.

The EV Scheme is based on growth in EV, as certified by Clientèle’s External

Actuaries and approved by the Group Remuneration Committee, and vests

and is payable over a four-year period. The EV Scheme is split into two pools.

Pool 1 is calculated as a percentage (5%) of REVE. Pool 2 is based on

out-performance of REVE over a defined hurdle rate at a participation level of

5,6% (reduced from 15% from the previous scheme). Each participant’s share

in the pool is set at an initial level at the beginning of the year and then

adjusted up or down based on individual performance during the year. The

Group Remuneration Committee is entitled to allocate 100% of the pool to the

participants; however, this has not been done to date with such lesser amount

allocated based on circumstances. Each participant’s share in the pool is

determined annually, it is then paid out in four equal annual payments with the

first annual payment being at the time of the amount of the pool being

determined. There is a “clawback” on Pool 1 if the pre-determined

assumptions are not met, which is deducted from non-vested amounts

earned but not yet paid.

Performance

measures

Each participant’s allocation within the pool is determined (on a provisional

basis) at the beginning of the year. The ultimate allocation will be similar to the

initial allocation; however, it may be adjusted upwards or downwards based

on the individual’s performance during the year. Performance is assessed both

on financial and non-financial elements.

Maximum value

of annual

incentive for 2020

There is no specific cap, however, the quantum of the bonus pool and the

amounts per individual are approved by the Group Remuneration Committee.

Changes for 2021

No changes this year and no changes currently expected in future years.:

Managing Director to agree a restructure of the remuneration packages

with effect from 1 July 2019 so that we did not have to once again create a special bonus to rectify the situation. We

agreed that we could not, with integrity, keep on correcting the position with special bonuses, and that the best way

forward was to move forward with the restructuring process swiftly, communicate the reasons transparently and to

restructure Executive remuneration packages so that they are fit for purpose in 2020 and sustainably into the future.

The Group Remuneration Committee requested the Group: Managing

Managing Director and the Chairman of the Board recommend the Non-executive Director fees to the Group

Remuneration Committee for approval subsequent to periodic input by external independent advisers regarding

benchmark studies based on the same competitive group used for Executive Directors’ remuneration.

The remuneration packages of the Non-executive Directors comprise a Directors fee. Non-executive Directors do

not qualify to participate in any Bonus or Incentive Scheme (including the BR Scheme).

The performance of Non-executive Directors is assessed by Group Excom. The Non-executive Director’s fees are

approved at the AGM.

7.3 Non-binding advisory vote

Shareholders are requested to cast a non-binding advisory vote on part 2 of this Remuneration Report.:

Managing Director –

BW Reekie1

1

7,200

2,332

–

–

–

9,532

Financial Director –

IB Hume1

1

4,560

1,413

–

–

–

5,973

Director – B du Toit1

1

2,700

831

–

–

–

3,531

Balance of Group Excom5

8

19,325

6,602

710

–

–

26,637

Balance of Excom6

14

20,635

3,996

386

–

–

25,018

Total

25

54,420

15,174

1,097

–

–

70,691

(R’000)

Base

salary2

Short-term

Incentive

EV

Scheme4

Special

bonus

Goodwill

Scheme3

Total

Average Balance of Group Excom

2,416

825

89

–

–

3,330

Average Balance of Excom

1,474

285

28

–

–

1,787

PAID 2020

(R’000)

Category

Number of

individuals

– 30 June

2020

Base

salary2

Short-term

Incentive

EV

Scheme4

Special

bonus

Goodwill

Scheme3

Total: Managing

Managing Director –

BW Reekie1

1

3,184

1,474

–

4,824

–

9,482

Financial Director –

IB Hume1

1

2,141

733

–

3,467

–

6,341

Director – B du Toit1

1

1,878

611

–

1,811

–

4,300

Balance of Group Excom5

9

14,534

3,613

1,188

9,198

–

28,532

Balance of Excom6

13

13,770

1,506

616

4,113

–

20,004

Total

25

35,506

7,936

1,804

23,413

–

68,659

(R’000)

Base

salary2

Short-term

Incentive

EV

Scheme4

Special

bonus

Goodwill

Scheme3

Total

Average Balance of Group Excom

1,615

401

132

1,022

–

3,170

Average Balance of Excom

1,059

116

47

316

–

1,539

PAID 2019

(R’000)

Category

Number of

individuals

Base

salary2

Short-term

Incentive

EV

Scheme4

Special

bonus

Goodwill

Scheme3

Total: Managing

Managing Director, Group Financial Director, Chief Risk Officer, CAE, External Auditors and other assurance

providers attend meetings by invitation only.

During the year six meetings were held.

Members

Number of meetings held

Number

attended

BA Stott (Chairperson)

6

6

RD Williams

6

GQ Routledge

5

LED Hlatshwayo (appointed as a

member on 1 February 2020)

3 of 3

The experience and qualifications of the members of the Group Audit Committee are set out on pages 73 to 77.

The Chairman of the Group Audit Committee attended the AGMs held during this reporting period. The effectiveness of

the Group Audit Committee and its members is assessed on a biennial basis. The most recent assessment carried out

did not highlight any significant matters of concern.

3.

ROLE, RESPONSIBILITIES AND FULFILMENT THEREOF

3.1 Statutory Duties

The Group Audit Committee’s role and responsibilities include statutory duties in terms of the Companies Act,

Long-term Insurance Act, Short-term Insurance Act, Insurance Act, JSE Listing Requirements, Prudential

Standards and further responsibilities assigned to it by the Board.

The Group Audit Committee executed its duties in terms of the requirements of King IV.

External Auditor

The Group Audit Committee has satisfied itself that the External Auditor is independent of the Group, as set out in

section 94(8) of the Companies Act, which includes consideration of previous appointments of the External Auditor,

the extent of other work undertaken by the External Auditor for the Group and compliance with criteria relating to

independence or conflicts of interest as prescribed by IRBA. Requisite assurance was sought and provided by the

External Auditor that internal governance processes within the audit firm support and demonstrate its claim to

independence.:

letter, and budgeted fees for the 2020 financial year

and actual audit fees for the 2019 financial year.

There is a formal procedure that governs the process whereby the External Auditor is considered for non-audit

services. The Group Audit Committee approved the terms of a master service agreement for the provision of non-

audit services by the External Auditor, and approved the nature and extent of non-audit services that the External

Auditor may provide in terms of the agreed pre-approval policy. The Group Audit Committee approved the fees

paid for non-audit services up to the date of this report.

The Group Audit Committee has nominated, for election at the next AGM, PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. as the

External Audit firm and Mr. Francois Johannes Kruger as the designated External Auditor responsible for

performing the functions of External Auditor for the 2021 financial year. In terms of section 92 of the Companies

Act, the designated Auditor is required to rotate every five years. The Group Audit Committee has satisfied itself

that the External Audit firm and designated Auditor are accredited as such on the JSE list of Auditors and their

advisors.

The External Auditor has confirmed that no reportable irregularities have been reported up to the date of this report.

Group Annual Financial Statements, Group Preliminary Results and Accounting Practices

The Group Audit Committee has reviewed the accounting policies, the condensed Group results for the six months

to 31 December 2019, the preliminary Group results for the year ended 30 June 2020 and the Group Annual

Financial Statements for the year ended 30 June 2020 and is satisfied that they are appropriate and comply with

IFRS. A formal written report to the Committee on estimates and judgments used in the preparation of the Group

Annual Financial Statements was reviewed and approved.

The Group Audit Committee was satisfied that issues identified in the report on pro-active monitoring of Group

Annual Financial Statements, issued by the JSE during the year, were complied with where relevant.

The Group Audit Committee was satisfied that appropriate financial reporting procedures exist and are working,

including consideration of all entities included in the consolidated Group IFRS financial statements and had access

to the relevant financial information of the Group.

The dividend for the year was considered by the Group Audit Committee and recommended to the Board for

approval.

The Group Annual Financial Statements have been recommended to the Board for approval.

The Group Audit Committee did not receive any complaints from within or outside the Group relating to accounting

practices, GIA or the content or audit of the Group Annual Financial Statements, or to any related matter.

Internal Financial Controls

The Group Audit Committee has overseen a process by which GIA was requested to provide a written assessment

of the effectiveness of the Group’s system of internal control and risk management, including internal financial

controls. This written assessment by GIA formed the basis for the Group Audit Committee’s recommendation in

this regard to the Board, in order for the Board to report thereon. The Group Audit Committee Report on the

Effectiveness of Internal Financial Controls is included on page 36. The Board Report on the Effectiveness of

Internal Controls is included on page 35.:

letter and authorised the Group

Financial Director to sign the: letter.

The Group Audit Committee met with the External Auditors without management being present. The

Managing Director

14 September 2020

Approval of the Annual Financial Statements:

Managing Director), BSc(Hons), FASSA

Mr. Basil Reekie is a qualified actuary who joined Clientèle on 1 January 2008 and was the: Managing Director of Clientèle

Life (the major subsidiary of Clientèle) from May 2008 until June 2020 and has been the Managing Director of Clientèle

since 1 July 2013. Prior to joining Clientèle, Mr. Basil Reekie was the Managing Executive of QED Actuaries and

Consultants where he was responsible for the day-to-day operations of QED and consulted to numerous life insurance

companies in South Africa and across the African continent. As a consultant, he acted in the capacity of Statutory

Actuary for many of these companies.

Adrian Domonic t’Hooft Enthoven, 51, (Non-executive Director), BA Hons in Politics, Philosophy and Economics,

PhD in Political Science.

Dr. Adrian Enthoven is Executive

Managing Director of QED Actuaries and

Consultants (actuarial services to life insurers, short-term insurers, retirement funds). Mr. Robert Williams has over

25 years’ experience acting as the appointed Head of the Actuarial Function to various life insurance companies in

Southern Africa.

Bonge Mkhondo, 46, (Non-executive Director), BCom, Diploma in Marketing Management, MBA

Mrs. Bonge Mkhondo is an experienced marketing executive and strategy consultant with diverse experience. She has

worked in senior marketing executive positions and on marketing strategy consulting projects, predominantly within the

financial services sector, for various organisations including Hollard, Clientèle, LegalWise, Absa Capital and Real

People Group.

Gavin Knighton Chadwick, 63, (Alternate Non-executive Director), Masters in Agricultural Management, MBA

Mr. Gavin Chadwick was appointed as a Non-executive Director of Clientèle with effect 2 October 2019. Mr. Chadwick

is an alternate Director to Dr. ADT Enthoven and is currently the Head of Investments of Yellowwoods Ventures

Investments SA (Pty) Ltd. Mr. Chadwick has over 3 decades experience in the financial services industries.

Dumisa Hlatshwayo, 53, (Independent Non-executive Director) CA(SA)

Mr. Dumisa Hlatshwayo was appointed as a Non-executive Director of Clientèle with effect 1 February 2020.

Mr. Hlatshwayo was previously the Chief Financial Officer of South African Forestry Company Limited and further has

extensive experience in the financial services Industry.

Phethedi Gideon Nkadimeng, 48, (Non-executive Director), B Sc (Statistics and Economics)

Mr. Gideon Nkadimeng was appointed as a Non-executive Director of Clientèle with effect 1 March 2017. Mr. Nkadimeng

is currently the Investment Executive of Yellowwoods Ventures Investments SA (Pty) Ltd and has extensive experience in

the financial services industry.:

Director's and key management

The following salaries were paid and bonuses payable

to key management excluding Group Directors. Key

management are part of Excom.

53,161

52,202

Salaries and other benefits

39,960

28,303

Short-term bonuses

10,598

5,119

EV Scheme

1,779

17,617

Goodwill Scheme

824

1,163

(R’000)

Group

Company

2020

2019

2020

2019

33. TAX

South African normal tax

126,528

(25,697)

(4,389)

678

– Current year tax*

126,509

157,323

1,519

896

– Deferred tax*

(14,462)

(3,593)

(5,908)

(218)

– Policyholder deferred tax on assessed loss

in the IPF (IAS 12)

14,481

(179,427)

South African capital gains tax

369

667

–

–

– Current year tax

369

667

Total tax expense

126,897

(25,030)

(4,389)

678

Taxation rate reconciliation

Profit before tax

455,413

375,906

402,051

423,188

Tax

(126,897)

25,030

4,389

(678)

%

%

%

%

Effective tax rate

27.86

(6.66)

(1.09)

0.16

Adjustments due to:

Over provision in respect of prior year

0.24

0.02

Capital gains tax

0.29

2.29

(0.03)

Policyholder deferred tax on assessed loss in the

IPF (IAS 12)

(16.85)

47.73

Exempt income

12.08

(1.52)

29.09

27.87

Deferred tax due on assets disregarded in terms of

S29A (16)

4.38

(14.40)

Statutory tax rate

28.00

28.00

28.00

28.00

* Current and deferred tax amounts to R112.0 million (2019: R153.7 million) and should be compared to Profit before tax of R444.9 million

(2019: R533.0 million) after deducting the R10.4 million (2019 (adding): R157.1 million).

Policyholder taxation funds are separate tax entities which have differing tax rules as applied in the South African taxation

legislation for life insurance companies.

There are three separate funds applicable to the Company, defined as the untaxed, individual and risk funds. The IPF has

an estimated tax loss of R2.2 billion (2019:R2.6 billion). It is currently probable that future taxable profits in the Clientèle Life

Individual Policyholder fund will be available against which the assessed loss can be utilised.:

Letter of support: Clientèle has agreed to provide financial assistance to CBC and Clientèle Mobile for the foreseeable

future, until such time as both the company’s assets fairly valued exceeds their liabilities.

Nedbank guarantee: Clientèle’s Board approved the granting of a guarantee on 13 February 2015 in favour of Nedbank

Limited of R100.0 million in respect of a Term Credit Facility for Clientèle Properties East.

Nedbank guarantee: Clientèle’s Board approved the granting of a guarantee on 19 May 2016 in favour of Nedbank

Limited of R14.0 million in respect of a Term Credit Facility for Clientèle Properties North.

Depfin guarantee: Clientèle Limited has in prior years provided financial assistance resulting in a gross exposure of

R497.4 million and a net exposure through guarantees of R200 million for the purchase of approximately 7.23% of

Clientèle’s issued shares (“ordinary Shares”) by YTI.

40. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE

Dividend

The Board declared a final gross dividend of 95.00 cents per share on 18 August 2020 for the year ended 30 June 2020.

The dividend is subject to DWT.

Direct Rewards

The option to acquire a 26% share in Direct Rewards for R4.2 million has been exercised in August 2020.

Notes to the Annual Financial Statements continued

38. RELATED PARTIES DISCLOSURE (continued):

Letter of Representation.

Beneficial owners who have dematerialised their shares through a CSDP or broker who do not wish to attend the AGM,

must provide the CSDP or broker by the cut-off time with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody

agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker.

2.

A holder entitled to attend and vote may insert the name of a proxy or the names of two alternative proxies of the holder’s

choice in the space provided, with or without deleting “the Chairman of the AGM”.

A proxy need not be a holder of the Company. The person whose name stands first on the form of proxy and who is

present at the meeting will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of those whose names follow.

3.

A holder is entitled to one vote on a show of hands and, on a poll, one vote in respect of each ordinary share held in

terms of section 58 of the Companies Act. A holder’s instructions to the proxy must be indicated by inserting a cross in

the appropriate box(es). Failure to comply with this will be deemed to authorise the proxy to vote or to abstain from voting

at the general meeting as he deems fit in respect of all the holder’s votes.

A vote given in terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid in relation to the general meeting notwithstanding the death

of the person granting it, or the revocation of the proxy, or the transfer of the ordinary shares in respect of which the vote

is given.

4.

If a holder does not indicate on this form that the holder’s or his/her proxy is to vote in favour or against any resolution or

to abstain from voting, or gives contradictory instructions, or should any further resolution(s) or any amendment(s) which

may be properly put before the general meeting be proposed, the proxy shall be entitled to vote as he/she thinks fit.

5.

The Chairman of the general meeting may reject or accept any form of proxy which is completed and/or received other

than in compliance with these notes.

6.

The completion and lodging of this form of proxy will not preclude the relevant holder from attending the meeting and

speaking and voting in person thereat to the exclusion of any proxy appointed in terms hereof, should such holder wish

to do so.

7.

Documentary evidence establishing the authority of a person signing the proxy form in a representative capacity must

be attached to this form of proxy, unless previously recorded by the Company or unless this requirement is waived by

the Chairman of the AGM.

8.

A minor or any other person under legal incapacity must be assisted by his/her parent or guardian, as applicable, unless

the relevant documents establishing his/her capacity are produced or have been registered by the Company.

9.

Where there are joint holders of ordinary securities: Any one holder may sign the form of proxy;

The vote(s) of the most senior (for that purpose seniority will be determined by the order in which the names of

shareholders appear in the Company’s register of shareholders) who tenders a vote (whether in person or by proxy) will

be accepted to the exclusion of the vote(s) of the other joint holder(s).

10.

Forms of proxy should be lodged with or posted to the Company’s transfer secretaries, Computershare Investor Services

Proprietary Limited:

Hand deliveries:

Postal deliveries:

Rosebank Towers

Private Bag X9000

15 Biermann Ave

Saxonwold

Rosebank

2132

Johannesburg

2196:

