managing director and deputy chairman, and currently contracted in an

advisory capacity. He was a founder of the transformation of Growthpoint

into South Africa’s largest listed property REIT and was a director until

Investec sold its interests in October 2007. Sam also served on the

Board of the South African Property Owners’ Association (SAPOA).

He retired as CEO of the Fund on 31 March 2015, having held this

position since its listing on the JSE in April 2011. He remains on the

board as non-executive deputy chairman. Sam is a key driver of

the formation of the Investec Australia Property Fund which listed

on the JSE in October 2013 and where he holds the position of

non-executive director of the management company.

Luigi LM Giuricich (59)

Non-executive director

BCompt (Hons), CA(SA)

Luigi Giuricich completed his articles at Peat Marwick

Mitchell and Co (now KPMG). He has over 34 years of

experience across all sectors of the construction and

property sectors. Starting as the financial director of the

S. Giuricich group of companies in 1990, he currently holds

numerous directorships of group and associate companies.

Nicholas P Riley (41)

Non-executive director

BCom (Cum Laude), BCom Hons,

CA(SA), CFA, PLD (Harvard)

Nick Riley joined the Fund on 1 April 2014, as part of the

Fund’s executive management team. In 2015 Nick assumed

the role of CEO until 01 December 2018 when he assumed a

new role within the Investec Group, heading up the combined

Investment Banking and Principal Investment businesses of

Investec Specialist Bank. Prior to joining the Fund, Nick spent

nine years at Investec Corporate Finance, where he was a

senior investment banker responsible for a number of Investec’s

key client relationships.

Sam Hackner (64)

Non-executive chairman

BCom (Hons), Dip Acc, CA(SA)

Sam Hackner, has over 39 years of experience in the property industry. Sam retired as chairman of the Investec Group’s

Global Property activities and as a member of Investec Global Property Investment Committee and Investec Global

Property Credit Committee on 28 February 2018 after 38 years of service. He was chairman of Growthpoint, the largest

property REIT listed on the JSE, from 2003 to 2008. He is currently chairman of Investec Property Fund and has held

that position since it was listed on the JSE in April 2011. Sam is also a director of Argo Property Fund and Argo Real

Estate Management, Platinum Hospitality Holdings and the Sunshine Tour, amongst others. Since leaving

Investec, Sam has created a property development and management company and also consults to

various companies.

Philip A Hourquebie (67)

Independent non-executive

director

BAcc, BCom(Hons), CA(SA)

Philip Hourquebie gained over 38 years of experience at the global

professional services firm, EY (formerly Ernst & Young). Between 2010 and

2014 he served as the Regional Managing Partner, Central & South Eastern

Europe, for EY and prior to that he was the Regional Managing Partner, Sub

Saharan Africa and CEO South Africa. He currently serves as an independent non-

executive director on the boards of Aveng Ltd and Investec Ltd and Investec plc and

IBL. He is a member of the South African Institute of Chartered Accountants (SAICA) and

a past chairman of the board.

Constance (Connie) M

Mashaba (58)

Independent non-executive

director

BCom (Hons) (Business

Management)

Connie Mashaba has been with Black Like Me Products since inception in 1985, working as their financial

manager and assuming the position as: managing director from 2005 to date. Connie served as a trustee of

Deutsche Bank Africa Foundation from 2009 to 2014. She also serves as non-executive chairman of The Energy

Company (Pty) Ltd, non-executive chairman of GIB Insurance Brokers and as chairman of African Equity Corporation

(Pty) Ltd. She has a BComm (Hons) in Business Management and a Diploma in marketing and communication from the

AAA School of Advertising. Connie has attended executive leadership programs at Harvard Business School and is a

fellow member of the Institute of

letter of appointment. Among other things, this: letter sets out their duties, responsibilities and expected time

commitments. It also provides, details of the Fund’s policy on

obtaining independent advice and, where appropriate, details of

the Board Committees on which the non-executive director will

serve.

Ongoing training and development

Ongoing training and development is a standing agenda item for

the Board and the Board pack includes updates on various training

and development initiatives.

Board members receive regular formal presentations on regulatory

and governance matters, as well as on the business and support

functions.

Board Committees and responsibilities

The Board is empowered to delegate certain duties to various

Board Committees and Executive Committees. All of these

committees have specific terms of reference, appropriately skilled

members and access to specialist advice when necessary.

Board meetings

The Board meets at least four times a year. During the year ended

31 March 2020, ten meetings were held.

The

letter of representation to do so.

Every shareholder present in person or represented by proxy

and entitled to vote shall, on a show of hands, have only one

vote irrespective of the number of shares such shareholder holds.

On a poll, every shareholder present in person or represented by

proxy and entitled to vote shall be entitled to one vote for each

share such shareholder holds.

Presentation of annual financial

statements

To present to shareholders:

•

the audited annual financial statements of the Company for the

year ended 31 March 2020, together with:

–

the reports of the directors and the auditors;

–

the report by the chairman of the Audit and Risk

Committee; and

–

the report by the chairman of the Social and Ethics

Committee.

The complete set of the audited annual financial statements,

together with the abovementioned reports, are set out on

pages 94 to 146 of the 2020 integrated annual report.

To consider and, if deemed fit, to pass, with or without

modification, the following ordinary and special resolutions

of the Company:

1. To re-elect Sam Hackner, as a director of the Company

in accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum of

Incorporation of the Company.

2. To re-elect Moses M Ngoasheng, as a director of the Company

in accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum of

Incorporation of the Company.

3. To re-elect Philip A Hourquebie, as a director of the Company

in accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum of

Incorporation of the Company.

For brief biographical details of the directors to be elected or

re-elected refer to pages 16 and 17 of the 2020 integrated

annual report.

4. To elect Philip A Hourquebie as a member of the Audit and

Risk Committee, with effect from the end of this AGM, in terms

of section 94(2) of the Act, subject to his re-election as director.

5. To elect Constance M Mashaba as a member of the Audit and

Risk Committee, with effect from the end of this AGM, in terms

of section 94(2) of the Act.

6. To elect Moses M Ngoasheng as a member of the Audit and

Risk Committee, with effect from the end of this AGM, in terms

of section 94(2) of the Act, subject to his re-election as director.

7. To elect Khumo L Shuenyane, as a member of the Audit and

Risk Committee, with effect from the end of this AGM, in terms

of section 94(2) of the Act.

The members of the Audit and Risk Committee have been

nominated by the board of the Company for election as

members of the company’s Audit and Risk Committee in

terms of section 94(2) of the Act. The board has reviewed

the proposed composition of the audit and risk committee

against the requirements of the Act and the Regulations under

the Act and has confirmed that if all the individuals referred to

above are elected, the committee will comply with the relevant

requirements and have the necessary knowledge, skills and

experience to enable it to perform its duties in terms of the Act.

8. To reappoint Ernst & Young Inc., 102 Rivonia Road, Sandton,

2194, South Africa (Private Bag X14, Sandton, 2146, South

Africa) as independent external auditor of the Company, until

such time as the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company.

In terms of section 90(1) of the Act, each year at its AGM,

the Company must appoint an auditor who complies with the

requirements of section 90(2) of the Act. Following a detailed

review, which included an assessment of its independence,

the current audit and risk committee of the Company has

recommended that Ernst & Young Inc. be reappointed as the

auditor of the Company.

9. To authorise any director or the Company Secretary of the

Company to do all things and sign all documents which may

be necessary to carry into effect the resolutions contained

in this notice to the extent the same have been passed and,

where applicable, filed.

10. Directors’ authority to issue shares specifically in relation to a

Dividend Reinvestment Plan:

Resolved that:

•

To the extent required by and subject to the provisions of

the Act and the Listings Requirements of the JSE Limited

(JSE Listings Requirements), the directors be and they are

hereby authorised by way of a specific standing authority to

issue ordinary shares of no par value (ordinary shares) as and

when they deem appropriate, for the exclusive purpose of

affording shareholders the opportunity from time to time to

elect to reinvest their dividends into new ordinary shares of the

Company. The directors have decided to seek annual renewal

of this authority in accordance with best practice.

The exercise of the authority will be subject to the provisions of

the Act and the JSE Listings Requirements.

11. Authorising the directors to allot and issue authorised but

unissued shares::

letter on

the adequacy of the working capital in terms of the JSE

Listings Requirements, prior to the commencement of any

acquisition of the Company’s shares on the open market.

Directors’ responsibility statement

The directors, whose names appear on pages 16 and 17 of

the 2020 integrated annual report, collectively and individually

accept full responsibility for the accuracy of the information given

pertaining to this special resolution No 2 and certify that, to the

best of their knowledge and belief, there are no facts that have

been omitted which would make any statement false or misleading

and that all reasonable enquiries to ascertain such facts have

been made and that the special resolution contains all information

required by law and the JSE Listings Requirements.

Material changes

Other than the facts and developments reported on in the 2020

integrated annual report, there have been no material changes in

the affairs or financial position of the Company since the date of

signature of the audit report and up to the date of this notice of

AGM of the Company.

The following additional information is provided in terms of the

JSE Listings Requirements for purposes of the general authority:

•

Largest shareholders: page 145 of the 2020 integrated annual

report

•

Directors: pages 16 and 17 of the 2020 integrated annual

report

•

Issued capital of the Company: page 100 of the 2020

integrated annual report.

14. Special resolution No 3: Non-executive directors’

remuneration:

Resolved that:

•

In terms of section 66(9) of the Companies Act, No. 71 of

2008, as amended (the Act), payment of the remuneration of

the non-executive directors of the Company for their service as

non-executive directors, be approved as follows:

(i)

for the period 1 April 2020 to 31 March 2021: remain

unchanged from the previous year as set out on page 100

of the 2020 integrated annual report, exclusive of VAT;

(ii) thereafter, but only until the next AGM (or until amended

by a special resolution of shareholders prior to the expiry

of such period), on the same basis as above, escalated

as determined by the board of the Company up to a

maximum of 30% (thirty percent), per annum, per amount

set out as aforesaid, exclusive of VAT.

Special resolution No 3 is proposed to enable the Company

to comply with the provisions of sections 65(11)(h), 66(8) and

66(9) of the Act, which stipulate that remuneration to non-

executive directors for their service as non-executive directors

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

(continued):

letter of representation to do so, or should you not wish to attend the annual

general meeting in person, you must timeously provide your CSDP or broker with your voting instruction in order for the CSDP or broker to

vote in accordance with your instruction at the annual general meeting.

Signed at:

on

2020

Signature:

Assisted by me where applicable:

Name:

Capacity:

Signature:

Please read the notes that follow.:

letter of representation

from their CSDP or broker to participate in and/or vote at the AGM by way of electronic means.

Application Form: Electronic participation in the AGM

Full name of shareholder:

Identity/registration number:

Email address:

Cell number:

Telephone number: (code): (number):

Number of ordinary shares in the Company:

Name of CSDP or broker (if shares are held in dematerialised form):

Contact number of CSDP/broker:

Contact person of CSDP/broker:

Number of share certificate (if applicable):

Signed at

on

2020

Signature of shareholder:

letter of representation (if applicable), has been completed fully, signed by the

shareholder and submitted to the transfer secretaries of the Company as detailed above, prior to the commencement of the AGM and

such shareholder is verified (as required in terms of Section 63(1) of the Act).

ELECTRONIC PARTICIPATION IN THE AGM

(continued):

