letter to stakeholders

9

02. OUR STRATEGY

Our business model

12

Risk management

14

Our stakeholder relationships

18

03. OUR PERFORMANCE

Outgoing Chief Executive Officer's report

22

Finance report

23

ManCo report

26

Sustainability

27

04. GOVERNANCE

Board of Directors

29

Corporate governance report

31

Governance structure

32

Remuneration report

37

Transaction Committee report

42

Social and Ethics Committee report

43

05. ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Audit and Risk Committee report

47

Directors' responsibilities and approval

52

Directors’ report

53

Company Secretary’s certification

58

Independent auditor’s report

59

Statement of financial position

62

Statement of profit or loss and other

comprehensive income

63

Statement of changes in equity

64

Statement of cash flows

65

Accounting policies

66

Notes to the Annual Financial Statements

74

06. SHAREHOLDERS’ INFORMATION

Shareholder analysis

93

Shareholders’ diary

94

Notice of Annual General Meeting

95

Annexure A: Change of name of Company

103

Form of proxy

105

Definitions and interpretations

107

General information

111:

letter to stakeholders

9

ABOUT GAIA

During the year under review, we

continued to perform well under

the circumstances, with our

investment projects generating

solid returns. As an infrastructure

focused Company, operating in

energy, transport, water and

sanitation sectors, we are well

positioned to benefit from

infrastructure demand.

Dorper wind farm:

LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS

GAIA Infrastructure Capital is a good company with great

prospects and during the year under review, we continued to

perform well under the circumstances, with our initial

investment projects generating solid returns. As an

infrastructure focused fund, operating in energy, transport,

water and sanitation sectors, we are well positioned to benefit

from infrastructure demand.

GAIA provides investors with an opportunity to invest in attractive

large-scale operational infrastructure assets that yield a real

return of at least 6%. The Company currently owns interests in

five high quality renewable energy assets that were licensed

during Round 1 of the REIPPPP in South Africa. The Company’s

assets continue to generate good cash flows and to perform

on par with expectations. Infrastructure by its very nature

stimulates economic growth, and the REIPPPP assets we own

also benefit the communities in the vicinity of their location.

A lot of our challenges in the past year and indeed the past five

years have been as a result of the shareholder base with a small

free float and two dominant shareholders. At times, challenges

arose between these dominant shareholders and the

management company, whose directors were equally significant

shareholders in the Company. The share price continued to

trade at a discount to net asset value and the illiquid share and

small free float remain a concern for the Board.

Post year-end, the management of our investment activities has

been internalised and we believe this will aid in ameliorating

some of these challenges (see more detail below).

Covid-19

Who would have predicted that the year 2020 would start off

with a knock to the world economy as a result of the global

coronavirus pandemic that has seen most world economies

under lockdown. It has created a dual crisis for South Africa as

our investment rating was downgraded to below investment

grade, which was not unexpected. This double whammy has

South Africa in a position which might not be easily reversed in

the near to medium term.

As GAIA is invested in renewable energy assets, which were

declared an essential service by Government, the electricity

supply from these assets under management were not

materially impacted by the lockdown. The business remains

sustainable and the cash flows are broadly in line with

expectations.

Social Compact

Every crisis presents an opportunity and for South Africa, now is

an opportunity to unite and work together to address the

challenges we are facing. No one knows how long the crisis will

last until at least the vaccine is developed and therefore, it calls

for leadership across all sectors of society. This is the reason

the business community should support President Cyril

Ramaphosa’s call for a Social Compact, guided by a clearly

articulated moral imperative to address the glaring inequalities

in our society.

The pandemic has exposed the inequalities not only in South

Africa but globally and we can no longer ignore these. We are

now poised to help address the social ills that should have been

addressed 25 years ago with the advent of our democracy. In

South Africa we have a dire need for housing, water and

sanitation and GAIA’s stated objectives dovetail with this need.

We create an opportunity for communities to drive their own

change but Government has the responsibility to create a

conducive environment.

This Social Compact would ensure that sectoral interests are

set aside for the benefit of all South Africans. This would require

Government to deal with corruption whilst setting aside

ideological dogma and policies that have contributed to the

sovereign downgrade and the prevailing financial market stress.

Equally the private sector needs to realise that its behaviour

cannot continue to go unchecked, particularly in terms of its

role in corruption. Equally, representative bodies need to stop

their own factional posture and begin to speak with one voice,

so the country does not remain hamstrung by policy

inefficiencies.

The labour movement needs to start looking after the interests

of all the working people of South Africa, those in employment

and the unemployed. Under the current circumstances,

everything possible needs to be done to avoid extensive

retrenchments and business insolvency. In this instance, the

compact becomes critical considering the state is the largest

employer.

To achieve all we desire, we will require leadership that is

entrepreneurial and innovative, in order to build organisations

that are adaptable, resilient and that can withstand any future

challenges that we might encounter as a nation. Out of the

tragedy of this pandemic comes an opportunity to reinvent

ourselves for we have a huge responsibility to future generations.

Internalising management

Over the past year, management focused on containing

operating costs while we continued to engage our stakeholders

for support in restructuring the Company for much needed

scale. This scale would require equity capital from existing and

new investors in order for the Company to execute its identified

investment opportunities. As part of the restructuring, the

Board resolved to internalise the management of our investment

activities. In April 2020 we announced that the Company agreed

on binding terms with GAIA Infrastructure Partners (Pty) Ltd,

the externalised management company, to terminate the

exclusive management services agreement concluded in 2015.

GAIA INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL 2020 INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT

9:

LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS (continued)

GAIA INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL 2020 INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT

10

ABOUT GAIA:

letter to enable them to attend the AGM, or, alternatively, should the dematerialised shareholder not wish to attend

the AGM, they should provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions.

95

GAIA INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL 2020 INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT:

