letter of the law. In practice, this means we seek to ensure

that we comply with our tax reporting and payment

obligations in a timely manner and keep tax authorities

up to date on major changes within our business. Where

a tax authority has questions, or we disagree about a

tax treatment, we engage with those tax authorities

in a cooperative and transparent way.

Our Group Tax Strategy sets out the framework for managing

taxes, including information on our tax risk management and

governance. This is reviewed and approved by the Board

annually and is published on our website.

Sustainability

40

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2020:

Letter: Presentation of pro forma financial

information dated 4 March 2010 and in accordance with

paragraphs 8.15 to 8.33 in the JSE Listings Requirements,

the Revised SAICA Guide on Pro forma Financial

Information (issued September 2014) and International

Standard on Assurance Engagement (“ISAE”) 3420 –

Assurance Engagements to Report on the Compilation of

Pro forma Financial Information included in a Prospectus,

to the extent applicable given the Non-IFRS Financial

Information’s nature.

47

Strategic Report

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2020:

Dear shareholders

I am pleased to present our first corporate governance

report following Ninety One’s demerger from Investec

and its successful admission and listing on both the

London Stock Exchange (“LSE”) and Johannesburg

Stock Exchange (“JSE”) on 16 March 2020. As a long-

term investor Ninety One has always taken governance

seriously and sought to attain the best standards. We see

our commitment to good and sensible governance as an

integral part of our efforts to build a better investment

firm to finance a better world. This report details the

current governance framework for Ninety One plc and its

subsidiaries and Ninety One Limited and its subsidiaries

(together, “Ninety One” or the “Group”) and how we have

applied the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance

Code (the “UK Code”) and the South African King IV

Code on Corporate Governance (“King IV”).

Governance structure

Prior to listing Ninety One was an independently-run

division within Investec and its governance practices

were organised accordingly. In anticipation of the listing,

Ninety One sought to enhance its governance practices

with the implementation of new policies and procedures

akin to those expected of a business operating, in its own

right, in a listed environment.

Following the demerger from Investec and listing of

Ninety One on the LSE and the JSE, Ninety One now

operates as a dual-listed company (“DLC”) under a DLC

structure. The DLC structure comprises Ninety One plc, a

public company incorporated in the UK and listed on the

LSE, with a secondary listing on the JSE, and Ninety One

Limited, a public company incorporated in South Africa

and listed on the JSE. The DLC structure is designed to

place the shareholders of Ninety One plc and Ninety One

Limited in substantially the same position as if they held

shares in a single unified economic enterprise.

58

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2020:

letter, which

identifies the time commitments expected of them.

The terms and conditions of appointment of the non-

executive directors and service contracts of executive

directors are available to shareholders for inspection

at the Group’s registered office during normal

business hours.

The UK Code further recommends that directors should

be subject to annual re-election. Ninety One intends to

comply with this recommendation.

Board effectiveness

Due to the short period in the financial year for which

Ninety One was listed, the Board has not carried out

a board effectiveness review for the relevant period to

31 March 2020 but, in line with the requirements of the

UK Code and King IV, intends to undertake, led by the

chairman, a self-evaluation of its effectiveness in the

current financial year ending 31 March 2021.

Election and re-election

All new directors are subject to election at the first Annual

General Meeting (“AGM”) following their appointment

by the Board. Ninety One’s Articles of Association and

Memorandum of Incorporation also state that all

directors are subject to election at every AGM.

The Board explains the reasons why it believes each

director should be elected or re-elected in the notice of

meeting for the next AGM. As referred to above, those

directors who held office during the relevant period will

be subject to election at the forthcoming AGM. The

Board believes that its performance continues to be

effective and that their election is also consistent with

the Board’s evaluation of the size, structure and

composition of the Board.

Composition, Succession

and Evaluation

68

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2020:

Dear shareholders

I am pleased to present my first Nominations and

Directors’ Affairs Committee Report for the financial

period to 31 March 2020.

The Board considers that having the appropriate range

of high calibre directors is key to achieving Ninety One’s

strategic objectives and to providing appropriate

oversight of regulatory matters and other risks facing the

business. Achieving the right balance of skills, knowledge

experience and diversity on the board in the interests

of enhancing the Board’s capabilities to deal with the

growth of the business and an ever changing regulatory

environment in which it operates, is of upmost importance.

Section 3.21 of the UK Code recommends an annual

performance review of each committee. However,

due to the committee only being established in late

2019 a performance evaluation for the year was not

considered appropriate but an internal review will be

completed in the next financial period and reported

on in the next Integrated Annual Report.

The committee’s duties and responsibilities are noted

below but detailed fully in the committee’s terms of

reference, which are available to view on Ninety One’s

website at www.ninetyone.com. Further information on

the activities of the Nominations and Directors’ Affairs

Committee are provided in the following report.

Gareth Penny

Chair of the Nominations and Directors’ Affairs

Committee

Composition, Succession and Evaluation

Role and responsibilities

The committee’s primary responsibility is to lead the

process for the appointment of new members to the

Board and in doing so ensuring that they bring the

right skills, experience, knowledge and diversity

to the Board. The committee is also responsible

for regularly reviewing the size, structure and

composition of the Board and leading the

process for succession planning.

Meeting attendance

The committee will meet at least twice a year.

Member

Appointment

date

Meetings

eligible

to attend

Meetings

attended

Gareth Penny

19 November

2019

1

1

Idoya Basterrechea

Aranda

19 November

2019

1

1

Hendrik du Toit

19 November

2019

1

1

70

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2020:

Dear shareholders

Following the committee’s formation in November 2019,

I am pleased to present my first Audit and Risk Committee

Report for the financial period to 31 March 2020.

The Audit and Risk Committee is a key governance

function for Ninety One providing formal arrangements

for considering how to apply financial reporting, risk

management, internal control processes and oversight

of the relationship with the auditor. It also advises the

Board on any material current risk exposures, emerging

risks and future risk strategy of Ninety One, including

the strategy for capital and liquidity management, and

the embedding and maintenance of a supportive risk

management culture. This report details the committee’s

performance against its duties detailed in the terms of

reference, which are available to view on the Ninety One

website at www.ninetyone.com.

Section 3.21 of the UK Code recommends an annual

performance review of each committee. However, due

to the committee’s recent establishment, a performance

evaluation for the financial period was not considered

appropriate but an internal evaluation will be completed

during the financial year 2021 and will be reported on in

the Integrated Annual Report 2021.

Victoria Cochrane

Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee

Role and responsibilities

The committee’s primary responsibility is to oversee

Ninety One’s corporate financial reporting, internal

controls and risk management framework and the

relationship with the external auditor, including an

assessment of the auditor’s independence and

objectivity.

Meeting attendance

The committee will, under normal circumstances,

meet at least three times a year. However, the

number of meetings this year reflects the fact that

the committee was only established mid-way

through the financial period in readiness for the

demerger.

Member

Appointment

date

Meetings

eligible

to attend

Meetings

attended

Victoria Cochrane

19 November

2020

2

2

Idoya Basterrechea

Aranda

19 November

2020

2

2

Colin Keogh

19 November

2020

2

2

Audit, Risk and Internal Control

73

Governance

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2020:

letter of representation to the external auditor;

ɽ reviewed the policy and provision of non-audit services;

ɽ reviewed and confirmed the objectivity and independence of the external auditor;

ɽ reviewed the quality of the external audit, and the effectiveness of the External Audit Team;

ɽ considered the tenure of the external auditor and the external audit partners; and

ɽ met with the external audit partners without management present.

Internal audit

ɽ Reviewed and approved the internal audit charter and annual internal audit plan;

ɽ received updates on the progress and status of internal audit reviews; and

ɽ reviewed the effectiveness of the Internal Audit Team.

Internal controls and

risk management

ɽ Reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls and risk management systems.

Risk and compliance

ɽ Reviewed the principal risks and uncertainties;

ɽ reviewed the risk management framework, risk appetite statement, risk tolerances and risk reporting;

ɽ reviewed the compliance management framework and monitoring plan;

ɽ received a presentation on IT risk management; and

ɽ reviewed the adequacy and security of the Ninety One’s arrangements for anti-money laundering, anti-bribery

and corruption, anti-fraud and whistleblowing policies, IT risk controls and compliance monitoring.

COVID-19

ɽ Discussed extensively the impact and the risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic.

Capital and liquidity

ɽ Reviewed the UK ICAAP;

ɽ reviewed the South African ORSA; and

ɽ reviewed the wind-down plan and Liquidity Risk Management Framework.

Committee terms

of reference

ɽ Reviewed and approved the committee’s terms of reference and annual agenda framework.

Audit, Risk and Internal Control – DLC Audit and Risk Committee Report

74

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2020:

letter of representation and reports

from the external auditor, KPMG. The committee has

reviewed whether suitable accounting policies have

been adopted and has considered the significant

accounting estimates and judgements applied as

part of this process.

Significant accounting estimates

and judgements

The preparation of the financial statements requires the

application of certain estimates and judgements. Ninety

One has not identified any significant judgements and

estimates in respect of each reporting period that

require separate disclosure in the financial statements.

However, the areas that include estimates are related to

the valuation of Level 3 financial instruments per the fair

value hierarchy and the valuation of the pension fund

assets/obligations. Management do not expect changes

in assumptions to lead to a material adjustment in future

periods in these areas and full details are set out in the

financial statements.

Areas of either estimation or judgement not considered to

be significant, but which were reviewed by the committee

in respect of the 31 March 2020 financial statements are

set out below. Each of these areas is assessed by the

committee based on reports prepared by the Finance

Team. The external auditor, considered each estimate

and judgement and presented their conclusions to the

committee.

Basis of consolidation

Ninety One consists of two separate legal entities, being

Ninety One plc and Ninety One Limited, that operate

under a DLC structure as a result of legally binding

agreements that became effective at the point of

demerger. The effect of the DLC is that Ninety One plc

and Ninety One Limited and their direct and indirect

subsidiaries and associates operate together as a single

economic entity, with neither assuming a dominant role

and accordingly are reported as a single reporting entity

under IFRS.

IFRS does not specifically provide guidance on how to

account for such structures and hence judgement is

required when applying the consolidation principles of

IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements. The directors

of Ninety One plc and Ninety One Limited, having

assessed the legal agreements referred to above and

the requirements of IFRS 10, have concluded that

Ninety One’s financial statements represent the

consolidation of the assets, liabilities and the results of

Ninety One plc and Ninety One Limited and their direct

and indirect subsidiaries and associates. Subsidiaries are

consolidated from the date Ninety One obtains control

and are excluded from consolidation from the date which

Ninety One loses control.

The committee considered the principles of consolidation

at length in the preparation of the Prospectus/pre-listing

statement ahead of Ninety One’s listing in March 2020

and are satisfied that appropriate consolidation principles

have been applied in preparing the 31 March 2020

financial statements in accordance with IFRS.

Lease assets and liabilities

IFRS 16 became effective for periods beginning on or

after 1 January 2019. The new standard removes the

distinction between operating and finance leases and

requires the recognition of a right-of-use asset and

corresponding liability for future lease payments. Ninety

One has elected to use the modified retrospective

approach and therefore has not restated comparative

information in preparing the 31 March 2020 financial

statements, as permitted under the specific transitional

provisions in the standard.

The committee reviewed the impact of IFRS 16 and key

judgements, including the determination of lease terms

and identification of appropriate discount rates used in

the calculation of lease liabilities. The committee agreed

with the discount rates recommended by the Finance

Team and the estimation and judgement required to

determine the incremental borrowing rates.

75

Governance

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2020:

letter, audit fee and audit plan, including

materiality levels. The committee has reviewed

arrangements for ensuring the external auditor’s

independence and objectivity, including the external

auditor’s fulfilment of the agreed audit plan.

A full assessment of the quality and effectiveness

of KPMG’s FY 2020 audit was considered by way of

a questionnaire completed by key stakeholders in

accordance with the FRC’s guidance on assessing

audit quality. The findings from this questionnaire were

presented to the committee in May 2020. During the

year, the committee also discussed the periodic UK FRC’s

and South African Independent Regulatory Board for

Auditors’ audit quality review findings, performed during

the ordinary course of business, and root cause analysis

performed by KPMG. The committee has concluded

that external audit and the external audit process was

effective.

Tenure of external audit

This is the first year KPMG have been the auditors of

Ninety One. Jatin Patel is the lead partner for the UK and

Gawie Kolbe is the lead partner for South Africa. They

have demonstrated appropriate qualifications and

expertise and have remained independent of the Group.

However, to meet UK requirements, the committee will

undertake a tender process during the year ending

31 March 2021.

Non-audit fees

The committee reviewed and approved the non-audit

services policy noting that it was the Group’s intention

not to utilise KPMG for the provision of non-audit

services, other than in rare circumstances which

would require approval by the finance director and the

committee chair. KPMG as a firm has taken the decision

going forward not to engage in non-audit services for

any of their clients. However, the committee noted that

there were exceptions to this in that certain services

provided by the auditors were classed as non-audit but

were not considered to impact on their independence

as they are closely linked to their statutory audit

responsibilities. These exceptions include the audit of

the interim financial statements, the Dual AAF 01/06 and

ISAE 3402 controls reporting, and regulatory reporting

(including in respect of the FCA Client Money and Asset

Rules), where KPMG would continue to provide these

services. It was also noted that fund audits were separate

and not considered to be part of this assessment.

Fees paid to KPMG for non-audit work during the year

amounted to £1,941,855 of which £1,043,000 related

directly to the demerger from Investec, £604,947

related to mandated assurance reporting of regulated

subsidiaries, £238,908 related to tax advisory services

and £55,000 related to other non-audit services. Fees

for the statutory audit for the year were £1,607,461.

Investec paid £1,691,000 of the above fees as they

related directly or indirectly to the demerger.

78

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2020:

Dear shareholders

Following the committee’s formation in November 2019,

I am pleased to present my first Sustainability, Social

and Ethics Committee Report for the financial period

to 31 March 2020.

The committee plays a critical role in monitoring Ninety

One’s ability to create value and contribute to the health

of our economies, our people, our communities and the

shared environment. We recognise that economic

growth and societal transformation are vital to creating

a sustainable future for all the communities in which we

operate and that we play a meaningful role in enabling this.

Ninety One also recognises the contribution each

employee makes towards the success of the Group.

Our aim is to promote a non-biased safe working

environment for all our workforce to enable each

employee to flourish. We are committed to reviewing

our practices around creating a fair, diverse and inclusive

working environment. For further information in regard

to Ninety One’s approach to corporate sustainability,

social and ethics please refer to pages 32 to 40.

This report details the committee’s performance against

its duties, as detailed in its terms of reference, for the brief

period that Ninety One has been listed. The committee’s

terms of reference are available to view on Ninety One’s

website at www.ninetyone.com.

Section 3.21 of the UK Code recommends an annual

performance review of each committee. However, due

to the committee’s recent establishment, a performance

evaluation for the financial period was not considered

appropriate but an internal evaluation will be completed

in late 2021 and reported on in the Integrated Annual

Report 2021.

Busisiwe Mabuza

Chair of the Sustainability, Social and Ethics Committee

79

Governance

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2020:

Dear shareholders

I am pleased to present our Directors’ Remuneration

Report for the financial year 2020, which includes our

first Directors’ Remuneration Policy (“the Policy”)

submission for your approval since Ninety One’s

demerger from Investec.

Ninety One’s listing as an independent business on the

LSE and JSE took place on 16 March 2020, and was

the culmination of nearly 30 years of the visionary

stewardship of Hendrik du Toit and Kim McFarland,

the Executive Directors of Ninety One.

Under their leadership, Ninety One retains a long-

standing and highly motivated management team, which

has together delivered record earnings in the financial

year 2020. While the COVID-19 pandemic continues to

pose logistical, economic and market challenges, Ninety

One is a resilient business, supported by our high quality

client relationships, diverse investment offering and our

unique “owner-culture”.

Committee membership and

regular attendees

The committee is chaired by Colin Keogh, and the

members are Idoya Basterrechea Aranda and Busisiwe

Mabuza, who are all independent non-executive

directors. The company secretary of Ninety One plc

acts as secretary to the committee.

Every member of the Board is entitled to attend any

committee meeting as an observer. In addition, the chief

executive officer, the finance director, the head of human

capital and external advisors may be invited by the

committee to attend all or part of any meeting, as and

when appropriate or necessary. Notwithstanding this,

no person shall be involved in any decisions as to their

own remuneration.

Report on Directors’ Remuneration

82

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2020:

letter of appointment under which their appointment is

terminable by either party on three months’ written

notice except where the Director is not reappointed by

shareholders, in which case termination is with immediate

effect. There are no obligations within the Non-Executive

Directors’ letters of appointment that could give rise to

remuneration payments on termination or payments for

loss of office.

The dates of appointment and notice period for each

Director are set out below.

Date of appointment –

Ninety One plc

Date of appointment –

Ninety One Ltd

Notice period

Executive Directors

Hendrik du Toit

4 October 2019

18 October 2019

six months

Kim McFarland

4 October 2019

18 October 2019

six months

Non-Executive Directors

Gareth Penny

19 November 2019

19 November 2019

three months

Colin Keogh

19 November 2019

19 November 2019

three months

Idoya Basterrechea Aranda

19 November 2019

19 November 2019

three months

Victoria Cochrane

19 November 2019

19 November 2019

three months

Busisiwe Mabuza

19 November 2019

19 November 2019

three months

Fani Titi

19 November 2019

19 November 2019

three months

Hendrik du Toit’s employment with Ninety One commenced on 1 February 1991, while Kim McFarland’s employment commenced on 1 December 1993.

On 1 October 2018, both Hendrik and Kim transferred to Investec plc, assuming roles as executive directors. In advance of the demerger of Ninety One

from Investec, both Hendrik and Kim entered into service contracts with Ninety One, which took effect from 1 March 2020 and remuneration for

qualifying services commenced from that date.

92

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2020:

letter of

appointment under which their appointment can be terminated by either party on three months’ written notice except

where the Director is not reappointed by shareholders, in which case termination is with immediate effect.

Chief executive officer pay ratio

The table below shows the ratio of the single total figure of remuneration for the chief executive officer relative to

the 25th, 50th and 75th percentile annual remuneration of full-time equivalent UK employees. These total remuneration

percentiles have been calculated based on fixed remuneration at 31 March 2020 and annual variable remuneration

awarded in respect of the financial year 2020. Where an identified employee was part-time or only employed for

part of the year, their annual remuneration figures have been converted to a full-time annual equivalent.

The chief executive officer was appointed on 1 March 2020, one month before the end of the financial year 2020. As a

result, the chief executive officer pay ratio for the financial year 2020 does not reflect a consistent comparison to the

full-time equivalent total remuneration of UK employees. The table below therefore additionally includes a comparison to

normalised chief executive officer remuneration, assuming on-target performance levels. The committee considers that

this approach provides the most consistent comparison of the chief executive officer’s remuneration relative to that of

UK employees.

Financial

year

Option

25th

percentile

50th

percentile

75th

percentile

Statutory chief executive officer pay ratio

2020

A

6 : 1

4 : 1

2 : 1

Normalised chief executive officer pay ratio

38 : 1

24 : 1

13 : 1

Report on Directors’ Remuneration – Annual Report on Remuneration

102

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2020:

