Managing Director of Village Management Consulting

Proprietary Limited and has 29 years of experience in marketing and

management consulting. He is also the founder and Chairman of

Tsabatsaba Holdings Proprietary Limited, the Chairman of International

Finance Group and a director of Reutech Limited, Kayamandi Resources

and is the Chairman of Tshwane Hub of Arts.

3. Brenda Kali^#¤*

Appointed: March 2019

Brenda is the CEO of Conscious Companies and the founder of the

Conscious Leadership Academy. Her twenty five year tenure as an

executive saw the reputational turnaround of major companies

including Sasol and Telkom where she spearheaded its reputational

transformation. She was CEO of the Children’s Media Council in the

Office of the President largely responsible for the implementation of

the Global Movement for Children with UNICEF. She was also part of

the transformation team at the national broadcaster as SABC 1 Head

of Programmes from 1994 to 2000. Brenda was on the Board of the

South African Chamber of Commerce and Industries and is currently

on the Board of Project Literacy, a 45 year old NGO.

4. Merrick Abel*

CEO

BA (Hons), MBA

Appointed: August 1997

Merrick is a director of both Primeserv Group Limited and several

Primeserv subsidiaries. Since founding the Group in 1997, he has served

as Chief Executive Officer and was also Executive Chairman from 2000

to 2003. From April 2015 to March 2016, while the Group was finalising

the Board component of its transformation strategy, he fulfilled the

role of Acting Chairman. Merrick has over 30 years of both local and

international business experience, predominantly in the industrial and

services sectors.

5. Raphael Sack

FD

BCom, BCompt (Hons), CA(SA)

Appointed: June 2009

Since his appointment to the Group in 2006, Raphael has been a director

of several Primeserv subsidiaries. Before joining the Group, he was the

Financial Director of a number of other companies, including Spanjaard

Limited.

1

2

4

5

^ Independent Non-Executive # Audit, Governance and Risk Committee ¤ Remuneration and Nominations Committee * Social and Ethics Committee

executive directors

non-executive directors

our board

3:

letter, terms, nature and scope of the audit function and audit plan for

the 2020 financial year. The budgeted fee is considered appropriate for

the work that could reasonably have been foreseen at that time.

Non-audit services rendered by the auditor are governed by a formal

procedure and each engagement: letter for such services, where material,

is reviewed and approved by the Committee. The external auditors have

unrestricted access to the

letter, terms, nature and scope of the audit function and audit plan for the

2020 financial year. The budgeted fee is considered appropriate for the

work that could reasonably have been foreseen at that time.

Non-audit services rendered by the auditor are governed by a formal

procedure and each engagement: letter for such services, where material,

is reviewed and approved by the Committee. No such services have been

rendered during the year ended 31 March 2020.

The external auditors have unrestricted access to the

Letter of Representation to them.

This must be done in terms of the agreement entered into between such

dematerialised shareholder and the relevant CSDP or broker. If your CSDP

or broker does not obtain instructions from you, they will be obliged to act

in terms of your mandate furnished to them.

Kindly note that in terms of section 63(1) of the Act, meeting participants

are required to provide satisfactory identification before being entitled to

attend or participate in a shareholders’ meeting. Forms of identification

include valid identity documents, driver’s licences or passports.

By order of the Board

29 September 2020

notice of annual general meeting (cont):

letter of representation to attend

the AGM or the shareholder must instruct them as to how they wish to vote in this regard. This must be done in terms of the agreement entered

into between the shareholder and the CSDP or broker in the manner and cut-off time stipulated therein.

I/We

(Name/s in block letters)

of (address)

being the registered holders of

ordinary shares in Primeserv, do hereby appoint

1.

or, failing him/her,

2.

or, failing him/her,

3.

the Chairman of the AGM as my/our proxy to act for me/us and on my/our behalf at the general meeting which will be held for the purposes

of considering, and if deemed fit, pass, with or without modification, the resolutions to be proposed thereat, or at any adjournment thereof,

and to vote for and/or against the resolutions and/or abstain from voting in respect of the ordinary shares registered in my/our name/s, in

accordance with the following instructions (see note 1, overleaf).

Number of votes

(one vote per ordinary share)

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1 – Re-appointment of independent auditors and re-appointment of

designated audit partner

1.1

Appointment of Mazars as independent auditors

1.2 Appointment of M Patel as designated audit partner

1.3 Board to confirm auditors’ remuneration

Ordinary resolution number 2 – Re-election of non-executive directors retiring by rotation

2.1 B Kali

2.2 DL Rose

Ordinary resolution number 3 – Re-election of members of the Audit, Governance and Risk Committee

3.1 B Kali

3.2 LM Maisela

3.3 DL Rose

Ordinary resolution number 4 – General authority to directors to allot and issue shares for cash

Ordinary resolution number 5 – Authority to implement resolutions

Non-binding advisory resolution 1 – Advisory endorsement of Remuneration Policy

Non-binding advisory resolution 2 – Advisory endorsement of Implementation Report

Special resolution number 1 – Remuneration of non-executive directors

Special resolution number 2 – Financial assistance to subsidiaries

Special resolution number 3 – General authority to repurchase shares

Signed at

on

2020

Signature

Assisted by me (where applicable)

Please indicate whether you elect to receive documents electronically at the email address inserted below by ticking the appropriate box

YES

NO

Signature

Please see notes overleaf

form of proxy:

Letter of Representation in terms of the custody

agreement entered into with the CSDP or broker.:

