Managing Director

A Mahoney

Environmental aspect

Scope 1 and 2 emissions

of 247 652 tonnes CO2e

Remgro nominated directors

J J du Toit, M Rabie

Website

www.siqalofoods.com

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

Year ended

30 June 2020

R million

%

Revenue

2 712

3.3

Operating profit

515

15.2

Headline earnings

414

24.7

SIQALO FOODS PROPRIETARY LIMITED

(SIQALO FOODS)

Siqalo Foods manufactures spreads, which are sold under

market-leading trade marks such as Rama, Flora, Stork and

Rondo within the Southern African customs union territories.

Siqalo Foods’ contribution to Remgro’s headline earnings

for the year under review amounted to R414 million

(30 June 2019: R332 million), excluding additional IFRS 3

amortisation of R79 million (30 June 2019: R80 million). Siqalo

Foods received an after tax finalisation amount of R31 million

from Unilever. Excluding the finalisation amount Siqalo Foods’

contribution to headline earnings increased from R332 million

to R383 million (or 15.4%). During a challenging, turbulent year

impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic as well as the weak

South African rand impacting on imported raw materials

(resulting in a price increase taken in September 2019), Siqalo

Foods experienced a 3.3% decline in volumes compared to the

prior year. Good cost management enabled the business to

increase its operational EBITDA by 13.7%. The business

continues to deliver good results in line with prior years driven

by its market leading brands. On 30 June 2020, Siqalo Foods

had a combined 12-month moving average value market share

of 70.2%. Siqalo Foods remains committed to grow its brands

and volumes in 2021 while maintaining its profit margins during

the subdued economic conditions.

Two contracts are in place with RCL Foods. Vector Logistics

provides the distribution, sales and merchandising, while a

management services contract governs certain services that

RCL Foods Shared Services platform provide to Siqalo Foods on

an arm’s length basis. The result is an innovative, alternative

business model, leveraging the capabilities within the wider

Remgro Group of companies.

Effective

interest

100%

REPORTS TO SHAREHOLDERS | INVESTMENT REVIEWS:

letter and spirit of the prevailing tax laws and regulations, and

(2) cultivating accountable relationships with tax authorities.

The Board also ensures that Remgro complies with and adheres

to the Constitution of South Africa, the law, leading standards,

and adherence to its own codes of conduct and policies.

Further details regarding Remgro’s sustainability practices,

including an overview of the key areas of focus during the

reporting period, highlights on sustainability and planned areas

of future focus can be found in the Sustainable Development

Report, which is available on Remgro’s website.

STRATEGY AND PERFORMANCE

Remgro’s Board is ultimately accountable for the performance

of Remgro, appreciating that strategy, risk, performance and

sustainability are inseparable. The Board provides strategic

direction by proposing, discussing and questioning, whilst

evaluating and approving, plans and strategies based on the

values and objectives of Remgro and stakeholder interests and

expectations. The Board furthermore oversees the Remgro

Group’s corporate actions via the Investment Committee, which

is supported by an approved delegation of authority.

The Board’s formal Board Charter, which is available on Remgro’s

website, defines key responsibilities of the Board, including inter

alia directing the ethical standards, strategy and operations

of the Remgro Group to build a sustainable business, while

considering the impact of the Remgro Group’s strategy on the

triple context.

The Board has delegated the formulation and development of

Remgro’s strategy to the Management Board, and has approved

the policies and operational plans developed by management to

give effect to the approved strategy. The Management Board’s

mandate is available on Remgro’s website. The Management

Board is furthermore supported by various senior management

work streams, including one focused on new and disruptive

technologies.

The Board has approved, oversees and continually assesses

Remgro’s strategy, the risks, opportunities and other significant

matters connected to the triple context in which Remgro

operates; as well as the extent to which the proposed strategy

depends on the resources and relationships connected to the

GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT:

letter.

VARIATION IN SHARE CAPITAL

Participants shall continue to participate in the SAR Plan and the CSP in the event of a variation in the Company’s share capital.

The committee may make such adjustment to the award or take such other action to place participants in no worse position than

they were prior to the happening of the relevant event and to provide that the fair value of the award immediately after the event is

materially the same as the fair value of the award immediately before the event.

DILUTION LIMITS

Individual basis

No award will be made to a single participant if at the time of or as a result of the making of such award, the aggregate number

of Remgro ordinary shares in respect of which any unexercised SAR Plan awards or CSP awards granted to the participant, shall

exceed 5 290 000 Remgro ordinary shares, being approximately 1% of issued ordinary shares.

Overall basis

Similarly, no award will be made if at the time of or as a result of the making of such award, the aggregate number of Remgro

ordinary shares in respect of which any unexercised SAR Plan awards may be exercised or CSP awards, shall exceed 26 450 000

Remgro ordinary shares, being approximately 5% of issued ordinary shares.

SETTLEMENT CONSIDERATIONS

If it is assumed that all of the participants to the SAR

Plan exercise all options awarded to them on 1 July 2020,

Remgro will have to deliver nil shares in order to settle its

obligations. This calculation is based on Remgro’s closing

share price on 30 June 2020 of R99.90. A 10% increase or

decrease in the Remgro share price will require the number

of shares to be delivered to be nil shares and nil shares,

respectively.

If it is assumed that all awards made under the CSP vest on

1 July 2020 in full, Remgro will have to deliver 476 142 shares

in order to settle its obligations.

At 30 June 2020 Remgro held sufficient treasury shares to settle its obligations to deliver shares to LTI participants.:

letter of representation) in terms of the

custody agreement entered into between

you and your CSDP or broker.

• Register online at www.smartagm.co.za by

no later than 10:30 (South African time) on

Thursday, 26 November 2020. Shareholders

may still register online to participate in and/

or vote electronically at the Annual General

Meeting after this date and time, provided,

however, that for those shareholders to

participate

and/or

vote

electronically

at the Annual General Meeting, they

must be verified and registered before

the

commencement

of

the

Annual

General Meeting.

• As part of the registration process you

will be requested to upload your: letter

of representation and proof of identification

(i.e. certified copy of SA identity document,

SA driver’s licence or passport), as well as to

provide details, such as your name, surname,

email address and contact number.

• Following

successful

registration,

the

Transfer Secretaries will provide you with

a meeting ID number, username and

password in order to connect electronically

to the Annual General Meeting.

• Participate in the Annual General Meeting

through the Lumi app or website by following

the steps set out at www.smartagm.co.za.

The Lumi app can be downloaded from the

Apple App Store or Google Play Store.

1. Each shareholder is entitled to appoint one or more proxy(ies) (who need not be a shareholder(s) of the Company) to

participate, speak and vote in their stead at the Annual General Meeting.

2. Voting will take place by way of a poll and accordingly every holder of ordinary shares will have one vote in respect of each

ordinary share held and every holder of B ordinary shares will have 10 votes in respect of each B ordinary share held.

3. The cost (e.g. for mobile data consumption or internet connectivity) of electronic participation in the Annual General

Meeting will be carried by the participant.

4. The participant acknowledges that the electronic communication services are provided by third parties and indemnifies

the Company and its directors/employees/Company Secretary/Transfer Secretaries/service providers against any loss,

injury, damage, penalty or claim arising in any way from the use or possession of the electronic services, whether or not the

problem is caused by any act or omission on the part of the participant or anyone else. In particular, but not exclusively,

the participant acknowledges that he/she will have no claim against the Company or its directors/employees/Company

Secretary/Transfer Secretaries/service providers, whether for consequential damages or otherwise, arising from the use of

the electronic services or any defect in it or from total or partial failure of the electronic services and connections linking

the participant via the electronic services to the Annual General Meeting.

5. Due to the electronic format of the meeting, shareholders are requested to submit the questions that they wish to

raise at the Annual General Meeting in advance of the Annual General Meeting by sending them by email to the

Company Secretary at ddreyer@remgro.com.

1. APPROVAL OF ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ORDINARY RESOLUTION NUMBER 1

Resolved that the audited Annual Financial Statements, including the Report of the Board of

