managing director of Mutual & Federal

Insurance. He also served as CEO of Alexander Forbes.

He currently serves as a director of Sanlam Emerging

Markets (Pty) Ltd and Nicoz Diamond Insurance in Zimbabwe.

PAUL HANRATTY (59)*

Non-executive director

BBusSc (Hons), FIA

Appointed 11 August 2020

Paul is the Group Chief Executive of Sanlam. He is an expert

in actuarial, risk and compliance as well as ethics

governance. Paul is also a fellow of the Institute of

Actuaries (FIA).

He has held various leadership roles at large financial

services companies since 1984.

He is currently a director of Sanlam Ltd, Sanlam Life

Insurance Ltd, MTN Group Ltd, IDM Holdings (Pty) Ltd,

Genbel Securities (Pty) Ltd, Sanlam Capital Markets (Pty) Ltd,

Sanlam Emerging Markets (Pty) Ltd, Sanlam Investment

Holdings (Pty) Ltd and Sanlam Investment Holdings UK Ltd.

DAWN MAROLE (60)*

Independent non-executive director

BCom, Dip Tertiary Education, MBA

Appointed 13 December 2011

Dawn has extensive experience in the financial services

sector. She is the former chairperson of Kumba Resources

Ltd and has served on numerous boards. In addition, Dawn

formed part of the Presidential Review Committee for State

Owned Enterprises and is currently the executive

chairperson of Executive Magic.

She is currently a director of MTN Group Ltd, Mobile

Telephone Networks Holdings (Pty) Ltd, MTN International

(Pty) Ltd, South African Post Office SOC Ltd, Richards Bay

Minerals (Pty) Ltd and Development Bank of Southern

Africa and is a trustee of the Emthunzini BBBEE

Community Trust.

HENNIE NEL (52)

Chief financial officer, executive director

CA(SA), BAcc (Hons)

Appointed 17 September 2012

Hennie has been the chief financial officer of Santam since

September 2012. Prior to his role at Santam he was a

director at PwC, where he had worked since 1993. His range

of experience within the financial services industry covers

general and life insurance as well as banking and

investment management.

He currently serves a director of Centriq group of

companies, MiWay group of companies, SSI group of

companies, Santam Specialist Underwriting Managers,

Swanvest 120 (Pty) Ltd, Sanlam Emerging Markets (Pty) Ltd,

Indwe Broker Holdings Ltd and Santam Namibia Ltd.

MACHIEL REYNEKE (62)*

Independent non-executive director

CA(SA), BCom (Hons)

Appointed 26 August 2003

Machiel has extensive experience in the insurance industry

and financial services in general. He currently holds the

position of executive director and Head: Mergers and

Acquisitions at African Rainbow Capital (Pty) Ltd. He

previously held the position of finance director at Santam

for ten years. He also served as finance director of Sappi

International SA and General Manager of Gensec Bank.

He is currently a director of African Rainbow Capital

(Pty) Ltd, Ubuntu-Botho Investment Holdings (Pty) Ltd,

UBI General Partners (Pty) Ltd, Kropz Plc (UK), Commco

Resources Ltd (BVI) and Indwe Broker Holdings (Pty) Ltd.

MASOOD ALLIE (45)

Company secretary

BA, LLB

Appointed as company secretary on 1 February 2011

Masood is an admitted attorney with experience in

corporate and commercial law, corporate governance and

commercial litigation; former roles include company

secretary of Oceana Group Ltd and group legal and

regulatory affairs manager of Parmalat SA (Pty) Ltd.:

letter of appointment between the company and the non-

executive director.:

