letter of

appointment setting out the terms of their engagement.

Directors are appointed by the shareholders at the annual

general meeting (AGM) and interim board appointments are

allowed between AGMs. One-third of the longest serving,

non-executive directors are required to retire at each AGM and

may offer themselves for re-election. If recommended by the

directors and supported by the board, the board then proposes

their re-election to shareholders.

Company secretary

The role of the company secretary is to ensure the board remains

cognisant of its duties. In addition to guiding the board on

discharging its responsibilities, she keeps the board abreast of

relevant changes in legislation and governance best practices.

The company secretary also oversees the induction of new

directors, including directors of subsidiary companies, as well as

the ongoing education of directors. To enable the board to

function effectively, all directors have full and timely access to

information that may be relevant to the proper discharge of their

duties. This includes information such as corporate

announcements, investor communications and other

developments which may affect the group and its operations. All

directors have access to the services of the company secretary.

Going concern

On the recommendation of the BAC, the board considers and

assesses the going concern basis in the preparation of the annual

financial statements annually at year end. At the interim

reporting period, a similar process is followed to enable the board

to consider whether or not there is sufficient reason for this

conclusion to be affirmed.

Relationship with stakeholders

Regular, pertinent communication with stakeholders is part of the

group’s fundamental responsibility to create shareholder value

and improve stakeholder relationships. In addition to the ongoing

engagement facilitated by the company secretary, the chairman

encourages shareholders to attend the annual general meeting

where interaction is welcomed. The chairman of the board audit

committee and the chairman of the board HC committee are

available at the meeting to respond to questions from

shareholders. The group proposes separate resolutions on each

issue put forward to shareholders.

Connecting with our stakeholders

SBN Holdings’ relevance to the markets and society in which it

operates depends on continued and meaningful engagement

with all stakeholders. Stakeholder management involves the

optimal employment of the organisation’s resources to build and

maintain good relationships with stakeholders. This helps the

group to manage the expectations of society, minimise

reputational risk and form strong partnerships, which all

underpin business sustainability.

Sustainability

The Namcode recommends that a company integrates financial

and non-financial reporting. This means that the annual report to

stakeholders must reflect how economic, social and

environmental issues impact on the company’s business strategy

and, in turn, how these are considered when making business

decisions. This evolution in reporting stems from the growing

realisation that environmental and social issues have material

costs impacts and could directly impact a company’s long-term

viability. Building on the group’s previous non-financial disclosure

in its annual reports, this year the group has improved its

reporting to include more information on the issues that are

material to stakeholders and the group’s long-term sustainability.

Ethics and organisational integrity

The group’s code of ethics is designed to empower employees

and enable effective decision-making at all levels of the business

according to defined ethical principles. It also aims to ensure

that, as a significant organisation in the financial services

industry, the group adheres to the highest standards of

responsible business practice.

The code interprets and defines the group’s values in greater

detail and provides value-based decision-making principles to

guide its conduct. It is aligned with other SBN Holdings policies

and procedures and supports the relevant industry regulations

and laws. The code specifies acceptable and unacceptable

practices and assists in making ethical infringements easy to

identify. It also promotes awareness of, and sensitivity to, ethical

issues.

The chief executive and ethics officer are the formal custodians

of the group code of ethics and ultimately responsible for its

implementation. Ethics incidents are reported via the ethics and

fraud hotline, human resources department, risk department,

financial crime control department and the ethics officers.

Reported incidents include fraud, harassment, ethical dilemmas

in procurement and abuse of authority. Quarterly ethics reports

are presented to the board audit committee.

Remuneration

Remuneration philosophy

The group’s remuneration philosophy aligns with its core values,

including growing our people and delivering value to our

shareholders. The philosophy continues to emphasise the

fundamental value of our people and their role in ensuring

sustainable growth. This approach is crucial in an environment

where skills remain scarce. The group’s board of directors sets

the principles for the remuneration philosophy in line with

approved business strategy and objectives. The philosophy aims

to maintain an appropriate balance between employee and

shareholder interests. A key success factor for the bank is its

ability to attract, retain and motivate the talent it requires to

achieve its strategic and operational objectives in Namibia.

Remuneration governance

The following key factors have informed the implementation of

reward policies and procedures that support the achievement of

business goals:

• the provision of rewards that enable the attraction, retention

and motivation of employees and the development of a

high-performance culture

• maintaining competitive remuneration in line with our markets,

trends and required statutory obligations

• rewarding people according to their contribution

• allowing a reasonable degree of flexibility in remuneration

processes and choice of benefits by employees

• educating employees on the full employee value proposition.

guaranteed

remuneration

– based on market

value and the role

they play

annual bonus and

pension incentive

– used to incentivise

the achievement of

group objectives

share-based

incentives

– rewards the

sustainable creation

of shareholder value

and aligns behaviour

to this goal

pension

– provides a

competitive

post-retirement

benefit in line with

group employees

executive directors

are not subject to

retention agreements

Fees

The remuneration of board members is reviewed by the board of

directors and approved and ratified at the AGM. Non-executive

directors receive fixed fees for service on boards and board

committees. This includes a retainer that has been calculated in

line with market practices. There are no contractual

arrangements for compensation for loss of office. Non-executive

directors do not receive short-term incentives, nor do they

participate in any long-term incentive schemes. The fees for

non-executive directors are reviewed on an annual basis to

ensure that such fees at all times remain market-related.

Details of non-executive directors fees can be found in annexure D.

Executive directors

Executive directors receive a remuneration package and qualify for long-term incentives on the same basis as other employees.

The components of a remuneration package are as follows:

Details of director emoluments can be found in annexure D.

Transformation

The group through the Bankers Association of Namibia is a signatory to the Namibia Financial Services Charter (the Charter). The group

is committed to achieving full compliance with the minimum targets set out in the Charter. This is tracked by the board and management

at the highest level.

33

SBN HOLDINGS LIMITED

Annual report 2020

32

OUR ACCOUNTABILITY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CONTINUED:

managing director from 2002 to 2007.

Appointed 2011

Directorships

• SBN Holdings Ltd

• Standard Bank Namibia Ltd

• Stanbic Bank Botswana Ltd

• Standard Lesotho Bank Ltd

• Stanbic Bank Zambia

• Standard Bank Eswatini Ltd

• Stanbic Bank Zimbabwe Ltd

9

Alpheus

Mangale

Qualifications ND: CSc (Eng) (TUT),

PGMCert (HBS), AMP (Harvard)

Alpheus was appointed to the board of

SBN Holdings and Standard Bank

Namibia on 09 November 2020. Alpheus

is currently Standard Bank Group Chief

Engineering Officer a position he has

held since 2020. In the past, he also

served as Standard Bank Group Chief

Information Officer (2017 to 2020).

Alpheus is a seasoned senior executive

with over 23 years, experience across

Enterprise and Public Sector market in

Europe, Middle East and Africa region.

He previously was the CEO of MTN

Business base in South Africa for 3

years. He served on various boards in

the past including MTN Foundation,

MTN Business, Cisco Systems as well as

Dimension Data Africa & Middle East.

Appointed 2020

Directorships

• SBN Holdings Ltd

Standard Bank Namibia Ltd

Executive

10

Vetumbuavi

Mungunda

Chief executive director

Qualifications BCom (UNAM),

HDipAcc (Rhodes), CA(Nam), CA(SA),

AMP (Harvard)

Vetumbuavi was appointed as chief

executive of Standard Bank Namibia in

April 2014. He previously worked for

Deloitte for 18 years, where he was

admitted as partner in 2001 and was

appointed as managing partner of

Deloitte Namibia in 2007. He was later

appointed as regional managing partner

for Deloitte Southern Corridor (Malawi,

Botswana, Namibia, Zambia and

Zimbabwe) in 2012, a position held

before he joined Standard Bank

Namibia.

Appointed 2014

Directorships

• SBN Holdings Ltd

• Standard Bank Namibia Ltd

• Standard Insurance Brokers

(Namibia) (Pty) Ltd

• Stanfin & United Funerals Insurance

(Pty) Ltd

11

Letitea

du Plessis

Chief financial officer

Qualifications BAcc (University of

Stellenbosch), PDA (University of

Stellenbosch), ACA (UCT),

ACIDealing (Cert), CA(Nam), CA(SA)

Letitea was appointed to the board of

SBN Holdings and Standard Bank

Namibia on 10 February 2020. Letitea is

currently Standard Bank Namibia Chief

Financial Officer a position she held since

July 2019. In the past she also served as

Head: Treasury (2017 to 2019) and Head:

Investment Banking (2014 to 2017) and

prior Manager: Investment Banking

(2012 to 2014). Letitea worked as Senior

Auditor (2006-2007) and Audit Trainee

(2003-2005) for

PricewaterhouseCoopers (UK and

Namibia) before she joined Standard

Bank Namibia.

Appointed 2020

Directorships

• Arleo Investments Sixteen

(Pty) Limited

• Purros Investments (Pty) Limited

• SBN Holdings Ltd

• Standard Bank Namibia Ltd

BCC

Board HC

Board IT

BRC

BAC

CSI

COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS

NON-EXECUTIVE

10 Vetumbuavi

Mungunda

11 Letitea

du Plessis

7 Maria

Shivute Dax

9 Alpheus

Mangale

8 Pindie

Nyandoro

EXECUTIVE

37

SBN HOLDINGS LIMITED

Annual report 2020

36

OUR ACCOUNTABILITY BOARD OF DIRECTORS CONTINUED

Mr Mungunda has resigned from the group

effective April 2021. Ms M Geises has been

appointed as CEO designate, effective

April 2021.:

