Message from the chairman

29

Chief executive officer’s report

38

Our investments

53

Corporate governance

54

Governance structure

60

Structure of the board and its committees

67

Director appointment procedures

68

Director duties, remuneration and

performance

71

Risk governance and internal control

74

Reporting with integrity

75

Audit

76

Relations with shareholders and other key

stakeholders

79

Annual financial statements

80

Commentary of the directors

81

Statement of compliance

82

Certificate from the secretary

83

Independent auditor’s report

86

Statement of financial position

87

Statement of profit or loss and other

comprehensive income

88

Statement of changes in equity

89

Statement of cash flows

90

Notes to the financial statements

111

Shareholder information

112

Corporate diary

113

Corporate information:

managing director

until his retirement in 2018 and sat on the

boards of various RMB Corvest investee

companies, and the boards of the subsidiary

companies making up the RMB Corvest Group

of companies. Neil remains on the board of

RMB Corvest as a non-executive director.

Neil was a member of the RMB investment

committee for a number of years up until his

retirement from RMB Corvest.

Neil holds a Bachelor of Commerce and CAIB

(SA), Dip SAIM from Port Elizabeth Technikon,

South Africa.

MARC OOMS (69)

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

Chairman of the investment committee

Nationality: Belgian

Marc Ooms was general partner of the

Petercam Group, a Benelux investment bank.

He was also the: managing director of Petercam

Belgium N.V. and chairman of Petercam

Bank Nederland. He retired from Petercam in

2011. Today, Marc is a private equity investor

and independent board member. He is also

involved in real estate mainly in Germany and

Poland. He serves, between others, as a board

member of the following companies: Sea-Invest

Corporation, Luxemburg (the largest European

stevedoring group in bulk and fruit which is also

active in Africa); BMT NV (gears, transmissions,

aeronautics, moulds for the glass industry);

Greenyard NV (world leader in distribution

of fresh, frozen and canned food, listed on

Euronext); Baltisse and Straco, two important

Belgian family offices.

Marc is a graduate of the VLEKHO Business

School, Brussels and lives in Belgium.

Message from the chairman

29

Chief executive officer’s report

38

Our investments:

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN

UNIVERSAL PARTNERS

ANNUAL REPORT

2020

25: Dear Stakeholders,

This has been an unprecedented year. No business

could have anticipated that a global health

pandemic (Covid-19) would shut down entire

economies for months at a time. Yet, despite some

very tough months and a global recession that is

likely to affect economies for some time, Universal

Partners remains on track to deliver attractive growth

in net asset value over the medium- to long-term for

our shareholders.

During the year we added another investment to

our portfolio, TechStream Group, a technology

talent solution business, formed through the merger

of three existing businesses. This brings the total

number of investments in our portfolio to six.

DELIVERING ON OUR INVESTMENT

STRATEGY

Our focus remains to hold high quality growth

businesses across Europe, with a particular focus

on the UK. Our mandate also allows for up to

20% of total funds at the time to be invested

outside of Europe. We generally seek a significant

minority shareholding of at least 25% with board

representation in the businesses we invest in. This

ensures that we are involved in setting the strategic

direction of the business to enable it to scale, but

also ensures that the management has a vested

interest in ensuring that the business continues to

perform as planned.

Our primary market, the UK, was very hard hit by

the Covid-19 pandemic. Economic output shrank

by 20.4% in the second quarter of 2020, the worst

quarterly slump since records began in 1955. This

pushed the country, which is heavily reliant on

services and household spending, into the deepest

recession of any major global economy. Industries

most exposed to government lockdown measures,

including services, production and construction, saw

record drops. The relaxation of restrictions in June

saw positive signs of recovery, with GDP increasing

8.7% on the previous month, however, the UK GDP

figures do not bode well for the rest of the year.

Furthermore, Brexit negotiations are becoming

increasingly compressed. It is still unclear whether

a deal will be reached in time and the extent of the

impact it will have on the UK economy.

While the UK is facing challenging times in the short

to medium term, we remain positive about the

long-term fundamentals, a substantial economy, low

unemployment and a highly skilled workforce. We

have built up good momentum in this market, which

positions us well for future opportunities. As we have

iterated previously, Brexit has been factored into all

our investment decisions and this is something we

have been anticipating and preparing for.

Universal Partners’ approach to investing means

that we invest in businesses that are resilient, even

in the worst of times. Our investee companies have

robust, easily understood business models and clear

competitive advantages, allowing them to remain on

track even during times of severe economic distress.

They also have a clear path to strong and sustainable

profitability combined with a high cash conversion

ratio, which has proven especially important at this

time. All of our businesses have an experienced

management team that demonstrate a strong

cultural fit with Universal Partners and our investment

manager, Argo. This enabled quick, strategic and

necessary decisions to be made, which was needed

when Covid-19 hit at a pace no business could have

adequately prepared for.

OUR PERFORMANCE

When looking at the performance of our investments

over the year, it is important to separate the

pre-Covid period (July 2019 – February 2020) and

the post-Covid period (March 2020 onwards). The

outbreak of Covid in the UK resulted in a nationwide

"WHILE THE UK IS FACING

CHALLENGING TIMES IN THE

SHORT TO MEDIUM TERM, WE

REMAIN POSITIVE ABOUT THE

LONG-TERM FUNDAMENTALS,

A SUBSTANTIAL ECONOMY,

LOW UNEMPLOYMENT AND A

HIGHLY SKILLED WORKFORCE"

