message from the chairman and chief

executive officer

4

Investment case

6

VUNANI IN A SNAPSHOT

01

Vunani in a snapshot

8

Five-year financial review

10

OUR STRATEGY

02

Our definition of success

12

Strategy scorecard

13

Our business model

14

Risk management

16

OUR PEOPLE

03

Our people

20

Our stakeholder relationships

21

OUR PERFORMANCE

04

Chief financial officer’s report

24

Economic context

27

Business segment review

28

Sustainability

44

GOVERNANCE

05

King IV in application

46

Corporate governance

47

Directorate

52

Remuneration report

54

Investment committee report

59

Nomination committee report

60

Social, ethics and transformation

committee report

61

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

06

Consolidated financial statements

63

Company financial statements

168

Analysis of shareholders

180

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

07

Shareholders’ diary

182

Notice of annual general meeting

183

General information

190

Definitions

191

Form of proxy

195:

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

The year under review saw the Vunani Group make some strategic

acquisitions in the SADC region. This was in keeping with the

strategy to consolidate strong financial services businesses in the

region. These activities saw our first foray into insurance, through

the acquisition of a majority interest in Oracle Eswatini. This

sizeable operation introduced the group to employee benefits,

health and short-term insurance. Our acquisition of Vunani Fund

Managers Botswana expanded our fund management platform

into another adjacent African country.

To mitigate the low domestic growth environment, which was

characterised by a stressed economy, power outages and

ratings downgrades and ultimately a blow-out in the currency,

we adopted a similar approach as in the previous year, namely

continued cost rationalisation, increased focus on client retention

and organic growth of the various businesses. Globally, the

trade wars between the US and China caused significant

volatility in the market, creating unfavourable trading conditions.

The last quarter of our financial year was dominated by the

emerging Covid-19 pandemic which required major changes to

the way we operate.

Vunani was fortunate to enter the pandemic season in a strong

financial and operating position – a far cry from ten years ago.

As an established brand, performing well in various sectors, the

business is well poised to weather the storm. There are, however,

investments exposed to the industrial and mining sectors which

will be impacted by the curtailed business activity and,

notwithstanding that some of these are well capitalised,

performance will be subdued in the 2020/2021 financial year.

The situation is expected to improve post the Covid-19 season

and these businesses should fare better once the economy turns

around.

Vunani employs 335 people deployed across the companies in

which it holds a controlling interest. Under the prevailing

circumstances our priority has been to ensure the well-being of

our people. In line with recommendations, we have provided our

staff with the necessary support to enable them to work from

home. All businesses transitioned seamlessly to digital platforms

without disruption to business operations. Management has

regularly monitored the impact of Covid-19 to assess and

mitigate any emerging risks. Daily correspondence and weekly

meetings monitor staff morale and assist with remote

management. Our offices are ready to receive staff as soon as

lockdown is over, and we anticipate a phased return to our

offices during the second half of the financial year.

As recently announced, the Board of Vunani Limited have

resolved to simplify the group organisational structure by

restructuring the business. The objectives are to improve the

transparency in financial reporting of the financial services

operations and private equity activity, unlock the value trap

inherent in the share price and allow the two distinct businesses

to operate in a more focused manner, allowing each of the

businesses to focus on achieving their respective strategic goals.

This will entail separating the business segments through an

unbundling and separate listing of the private equity assets on

Lionel Jacobs

Independent non-executive chairman

Butana Khoza

Chief executive officer

Vunani Limited Integrated Report for the year ended 29 February 2020

4:

letter of representation to do so.

The directors have made provision for electronic voting at the AGM.

Litigation

The directors are not aware of any legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings that are pending or threatened),

which may have or have had, in the recent past, being at least the previous 12 months, a material effect on the group’s financial position.

Material change

Other than the facts and developments reported on in this integrated annual report, there have been no material changes in the financial

or trading position of the group since the company’s financial year-end and the signature date of this integrated annual report.

Quorum

A quorum for the purposes of considering the resolutions above shall consist of three shareholders of the company personally present

or represented by proxy (and if the shareholder is a corporate body, the representative of the body corporate) and entitled to vote

at the annual general meeting. In addition, a quorum shall comprise 25% of all voting rights entitled to be exercised by shareholders

in respect of the resolutions above.

The date on which shareholders must be recorded as such in the register maintained by the transfer secretaries, Singular Systems

Proprietary Limited (25 Scott Street, Waverley, 2090), for the purposes of being entitled to attend, participate in and vote at the

annual general meeting is 9 October 2020.

Threshold for resolution approval

For ordinary resolutions, with the exception of ordinary resolution number 10 as detailed above, to be approved by shareholders,

each resolution must be supported by more than 50% of the voting rights exercised on the resolution concerned.

For special resolutions and ordinary resolution number 10 to be approved by shareholders, each resolution must be supported at

least 75% of the voting rights exercised on the resolution concerned.

Proxies

A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend, participate in and vote at

the AGM in the place of the shareholder. A proxy need not also be a shareholder of the company.

Shareholders on the company share register who have dematerialised their ordinary shares through STRATE, other than those whose

shareholding is recorded in their “own name” in the sub-register maintained by their CSDP, and who wish to attend the AGM in

person, will need to request their CSDP or broker to provide them with the necessary authority to do so in terms of the custody

agreement entered into between the dematerialised shareholders and their CSDP or broker.

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION



Vunani Limited Integrated Report for the year ended 29 February 2020

188:

Managing director

MOI

Memorandum of incorporation

NCI

Non-controlling interest

OCI

Other comprehensive income

PVAM

Purpose Vunani Asset Management

PAT/PBT

Profit after tax/Profit before tax

ROE

Return on equity

ROI

Return on investment

SANAS

South African National Accreditation

System

SARS

South African Revenue Service

SENS

Stock Exchange News Service

SPV

Special purpose vehicle

The group

Vunani Limited

The company

Vunani Limited

VCF

Vunani Corporate Finance, a division of

Vunani Capital

VFM

Vunani Fund Managers

VFMB

Vunani Fund Managers Botswana

VSIST

Vunani Share Incentive Scheme Trust

Vunani Limited Integrated Report for the year ended 29 February 2020

193:

letter of representation to attend the annual general meeting or the ordinary shareholders concerned must instruct their

CSDP or broker as to how they wish to vote in this regard. This must be done in terms of the custody agreement entered into between the shareholder and the CSDP

or broker concerned.

I/We

(full names in BLOCK LETTERS)

of

(address)

Telephone (work)

Telephone (home)

being the holder(s) of

ordinary shares in the company, appoint (see note 1):

or failing him/her,

or failing him/her,

the chairman of the annual general meeting,

as my/our proxy to act on my/our behalf at the annual general meeting which is to be held for the purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without

modification, the ordinary and special resolutions to be proposed thereat and at any adjournment thereof and to vote for or against such resolutions or to abstain from

voting in respect of such resolutions, in accordance with the following instructions (see note 2):

Number of votes (one vote

per ordinary share)

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1

Re-election of XP Guma as an independent non-executive director

Ordinary resolution number 2

Re-election of Ms NS Mazwi as an independent non-executive director

Ordinary resolution number 3

Re-election of Mr GS Nzalo as an independent non-executive director

Ordinary resolution number 4

Re-election of Mr JR Macey as an independent non-executive director

Ordinary resolution number 5

Re-election of GS Nzalo as a member and chairman of the audit and risk committee

Ordinary resolution number 6

R-election of JR Macey as a member of the audit and risk committee

Ordinary resolution number 7

R-election of NS Mazwi as a member of the audit and risk committee

Ordinary resolution number 8

Re-appointment of KPMG Inc. as the auditor of the company

Ordinary resolution number 9

General authority to directors to allot and issue authorised but unissued ordinary shares

Ordinary resolution number 10

General authority to directors to allot and issue ordinary shares for cash

Ordinary resolution number 11

Approval of remuneration policy (non-binding advisory vote)

Ordinary resolution number 12

Approval of remuneration implementation report (non-binding advisory vote)

Special resolution number 1

Approval of remuneration payable to non-executive directors

Special resolution number 2

Repurchase of company shares

Special resolution number 3

Financial assistance

Ordinary resolution number 12

Directors’ authority to sign documents

(Please indicate instructions to proxy in the space provided above by the insertion therein of the relevant number of votes exercisable.)

Each shareholder is entitled to appoint one or more proxies (who need not be a shareholder of the company) to attend, speak, and on a poll, vote in place of that

shareholder at the annual general meeting.

Signed at

on

2020

Signature(s)

Capacity

Vunani Limited Integrated Report for the year ended 29 February 2020

195:

letter of

representation to attend the annual general meeting or the ordinary

shareholders concerned must instruct their CSDP or broker as to how they

wish to vote in this regard. This must be done in terms of the custody

agreement entered into between the shareholders and the CSDP or broker

concerned.

6. Any alteration to this form of proxy, other than the deletion of alternatives,

must be signed, not initialled, by the signatory/ies.

7. Documentary evidence establishing the authority of a person signing this

form of proxy in a representative capacity (e.g. on behalf of a company,

close corporation, trust, pension fund, deceased estate, etc.) must be

attached to this form of proxy, unless previously recorded by the company

or waived by the chairman of the annual general meeting.

8. A minor must be assisted by his/her parent or guardian, unless the

relevant documents establishing his/her capacity are produced or have

been recorded by the company.

9. Where there are joint holders of shares:

 any one holder may sign this form of proxy; and

 the vote of the senior joint holder who tenders a vote, as determined by

the order in which the names stand in the company’s register of

members, will be accepted.

10. To be valid, the completed forms of proxy must either: (a) be lodged or

emailed to Transfersec@singular.co.za so as to reach the transfer

secretaries by no later than the relevant time or (b) be lodged with the

chairman of the annual general meeting prior to the annual general

meeting so as to reach the chairman by no later than immediately prior

to the commencement of voting on the ordinary and special resolutions to

be tabled at the annual general meeting.

11. The proxy appointment is revocable by the shareholders giving written

notice of the cancellation to the company prior to the annual general

meeting or any adjournment thereof. The revocation of the proxy

appointment constitutes a complete and final cancellation of the proxy’s

authority to act on behalf of the shareholders as of the later of: (i) the date

stated in the written notice, if any or (ii) the date on which the written

notice was delivered as aforesaid.

12. If the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies has been delivered to the

company, any notice that is required by the Companies Act or the

memorandum of incorporation to be delivered by the company to

shareholders must (as long as the proxy appointment remains in effect) be

delivered by the company to: (i) the shareholder or (ii) the proxy or

proxies of the shareholder has directed the company to do so, in writing

and pay it any reasonable fee charged by the company for doing so.

Summary of the rights

Established in terms of section 58 of the Companies Act

For purposes of this summary, “shareholder” shall have the meaning ascribed

thereto in the Companies Act.

1. At any time, a shareholder of a company is entitled to appoint an

individual, including an individual who is not a shareholder of that

company, as a proxy, to participate in, and speak and vote at, a

shareholders’ meeting on behalf of the shareholder, or give or withhold

written consent on behalf of such shareholder in relation to a decision

contemplated in section 60 of the Companies Act.

2. A proxy appointment must be in writing, dated and signed by the relevant

shareholder, and such proxy appointment remains valid for one year after

the date upon which the proxy was signed, or any longer or shorter

period expressly set out in the appointment, unless it is revoked in a

manner contemplated in section 58(4)(c) of the Companies Act or expires

earlier as contemplated in section 58(8)(d) of the Companies Act.

3. Except to the extent that the memorandum of incorporation of a company

provides otherwise:

(a) a shareholder of the relevant company may appoint two or more

persons concurrently as proxies, and may appoint more than one

proxy to exercise voting rights attached to different securities held by

such shareholder;

(b) a proxy may delegate his authority to act on behalf of a shareholder

to another person, subject to any restriction set out in the instrument

appointing the proxy; and

(c) a copy of the instrument appointing a proxy must be delivered to the

relevant company, or to any other person on behalf of the relevant

company, before the proxy exercises any rights of the shareholder at

a shareholders’ meeting.

4.

Irrespective of the form of instrument used to appoint a proxy, the

appointment of the proxy is suspended at any time and to the extent that the

shareholder who appointed that proxy chooses to act directly and in person

in the exercise of any rights as a shareholder of the relevant company.

5. Unless the proxy appointment expressly states otherwise, the appointment

of a proxy is revocable. If the appointment of a proxy is revocable, a

shareholder may revoke the proxy appointment by cancelling it in writing,

or making a later inconsistent appointment of a proxy, and delivering a

copy of the revocation instrument to the proxy and the company.

6. The revocation of a proxy appointment constitutes a complete and final

cancellation of the proxy’s authority to act on behalf of the relevant

shareholder as of the later of the date: (a) stated in the revocation

instrument, if any or (b) upon which the revocation instrument is delivered

to the proxy and the relevant company as required in section 58(4)(c)(ii)

of the Companies Act.

7.

If the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies has been delivered to the

relevant company, as long as that appointment remains in effect, any notice

that is required by the Companies Act or the relevant company’s memorandum

of incorporation to be delivered by such company to the shareholder, must be

delivered by such company to the shareholder, or to the proxy or proxies, if

the shareholder has directed the relevant company to do so in writing and

paid any reasonable fee charged by the company for doing so.

8. A proxy is entitled to exercise, or abstain from exercising, any voting right

of the relevant shareholder without direction, except to the extent that the

memorandum of incorporation, or the instrument appointing the proxy

provides otherwise.

9. If a company issues an invitation to shareholders to appoint one or more

persons named by such company as a proxy, or supply a form of

instrument for appointing a proxy:

(a) such invitation must be sent to every shareholder who is entitled to the

notice of the meeting at which the proxy is intended to be exercised;

(b) the invitation, or form of instrument supplied by the relevant company,

must: (a) bear a reasonably prominent summary of the rights

established in section 58 of the Companies Act; (b) contain adequate

blank space, immediately preceding the name or names of any

person or persons named in it, to enable a shareholder to write in the

name and, if so desired, an alternative name of a proxy chosen by

such shareholder and (c) provide adequate space for the shareholder

to indicate whether the appointed proxy is to vote in favour or against

the applicable resolution/s to be put at the relevant meeting, or is to

abstain from voting;

(c) the company must not require that the proxy appointment be made

irrevocable; and

(d) the proxy appointment remains valid only until the end of the relevant

meeting at which it was intended to be used, unless revoked as

contemplated in section 58(5) of the Companies Act.

NOTES TO THE FORM OF PROXY

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION



Vunani Limited Integrated Report for the year ended 29 February 2020

196:

