director's services are considered key to Zeder

Investments Limited’s continued success. During the year under review, 25% (2019: 25%) of these share options vested.

4

PSG Group Limited share options granted to participants, relate to the period prior to the Management Fee Internalisation transaction.

2.

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS’ SHARE OPTIONS continued:

Chairman's fee was

included in the PSG Strategic Input Fee, therefore no:

letter, terms, audit plan and budgeted audit fees for the

2020 financial year;

•

Approved the nature and extent of non-audit services that the external auditor may provide;

•

Nominated for re-election at the annual general meeting, PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. as the external audit firm;

•

Satisfied itself, based on the information and explanations supplied by management and obtained through discussions with

the independent external auditor, that the risk management processes and systems of internal financial controls are effective

and forms a basis for the preparation of reliable financial statements;

•

Satisfied itself, based on the information and explanations supplied by management and obtained through discussions with

the external auditor, that Zeder be regarded as a going concern;

•

Reviewed the formal policy and recommended changes to the ordinary dividend policy to board of directors for approval;

•

Reviewed the accounting policies and financial statements for the year ended 29 February 2020 and, based on the

information provided to the committee, considers that the company and group complies, in all material respects, with the

requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”); the SAICA Financial Reporting Guides, as issued

by the Accounting Practices Committee; the Financial Reporting Pronouncements, as issued by the Financial Reporting

Standards Council; the manner required by the Companies Act; and the JSE Listings Requirements;

•

Considered the JSE Limited’s (“JSE”) latest report on the proactive monitoring of financial statements for compliance

with IFRS;

•

Ensured that the appropriate financial reporting procedures exist and are operating;

•

Satisfied itself in terms of paragraph 3.84(g)(i) of the JSE Listings Requirements that the Zeder financial director, as well as

the group finance function, has the appropriate expertise and experience; and

•

Undertook the prescribed functions in terms of section 94(7) of the Companies Act, on behalf of the subsidiary companies

of the group.

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. has served as external auditor of Zeder Investments Limited for the past 14 years, while the

designated external audit partner has served in such capacity for the past 5 years. The committee remains satisfied with the quality

of the external audit performed by PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc., however, the potential early adoption of mandatory audit firm

rotation, as set out in the rules of the Independent Regulatory Board of Auditors, is currently receiving the committee’s attention.

RM Jansen

Chairman

29 May 2020

Stellenbosch:

letter of representation from their

CSDP or broker to participate in and/or vote at the AGM electronically.

The transfer secretaries shall, by no later than 09:00 on Thursday, 16 July 2020, notify participants who had notified the transfer

secretaries in accordance with paragraph 1 of the Electronic Participation section of this notice, by email of the relevant details

through which participants can participate electronically.

PURPOSE

The purpose of the AGM is to transact the business set out in the agenda below.

AGENDA

Presentation of the audited annual financial statements of the company, including the reports of the directors and the audit and

risk committee for the year ended 29 February 2020.

The annual report, of which this notice forms part, contains the summary consolidated financial statements and the

aforementioned reports. The consolidated annual financial statements, including the unmodified audit opinion, are available

on Zeder’s website at www.zeder.co.za. In addition, electronic copies of the consolidated annual financial statements may be

requested and obtained, at no charge, from the company at cosec@zeder.co.za and from PSG Capital.

To consider and, if deemed fit, approve, with or without modification, the following ordinary resolutions:

Note:

For ordinary resolutions numbers 1 to 10 (inclusive) to be adopted, more than 50% of the voting rights exercised on the applicable

ordinary resolution must be exercised in favour thereof. For ordinary resolution number 11 to be adopted, at least 75% of the

voting rights exercised on the applicable ordinary resolution must be exercised in favour thereof.:

letter of representation from their CSDP or broker to participate

in and/or vote at the AGM electronically.

2.

The transfer secretaries shall, by no later than 09:00 on Thursday, 16 July 2020, notify participants who had notified the

transfer secretaries in accordance with paragraph 1 above, by email of the relevant details through which participants

can participate electronically.

3.

The cost (e.g. mobile data consumption or internet connectivity) of electronic participation in the AGM is for the expense

of the participant and will be billed separately by the participant’s own service provider.

4.

The participant acknowledges that the electronic communication services are provided by third parties and indemnifies

the company and its directors/employees/company secretary/transfer secretary/service provider against any loss, injury,

damage, penalty or claim arising in any way from the use or possession of the electronic services, whether or not the

problem is caused by any act or omission on the part of the participant or anyone else. In particular, but not exclusively,

the participant acknowledges that he/she will have no claim against the company and its directors/employees/company

secretary/transfer secretary/service provider, whether for consequential damages or otherwise, arising from the use of

the electronic services or any defect in it or from total or partial failure of the electronic services and connections linking

the participant via the electronic services to the AGM.

5.

The company cannot guarantee there will not be a break in electronic communication that is beyond the control of the

company.

By order of the board

Zeder Corporate Services (Pty) Ltd

Per L van der Merwe

Company secretary

2 June 2020

Stellenbosch:

Letter of Representation

received from your stockbroker/CSDP to participate the meeting.

Terms and conditions for participation in the AGM via electronic means

3.

The application to participate in the AGM electronically will only be deemed successful if this application form has been

completed fully and signed by the participant and accompanied by the participants’ proof of identification.

Participant’s name

Signature

Date

ANNEXURE A:

