managing director of the property division in 2000,

a position he still holds today.

He sits on the boards of the property and private equity

companies in which Ellerines is invested. He is also a director

of Hyprop Investments Limited and Newpark REIT Limited.

Kevin’s all-round business skill and acumen contribute to the

Board and Committee deliberations of the Group.

GARY HARLOW

Independent Non-executive Director

Age: 64

BBusSci (Hons) (UCT), FCMA, CGMA, CA(SA)

Joined the Board: October 2007

Serves as director of various Group companies

Gary graduated from the University of Cape Town in 1979,

qualifying as a Chartered Accountant (SA) in 1982, an associate

of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (UK) in

1983 and as a Fellow Chartered Management Accountant (UK)

in 1996. His career was forged in merchant and investment

banking.

In the early 1990s he became an adviser to the African National

Congress in developing black economic empowerment

strategies, and in 1992 was instrumental in the creation of

Thebe Investment Corporation, South Africa’s first broad-

based black-owned company. Gary served as joint CEO of

Msele Corporate and Merchant Bank, South Africa’s first black-

controlled merchant bank.

In 1996, Gary was appointed group CEO of Unihold Limited,

where he remains executive chairman. He led its transition

from an engineering conglomerate to an international IT and

telecommunications group, followed by a delisting through

a management buyout in 2002. Gary serves on various other

private and public boards.

NOMAVUSO MNXASANA

Independent Non-executive Director

Age: 66

BCompt (Hons) CA(SA)

Joined the Board: September 2020

Nomavuso is a Chartered Accountant (SA), having obtained

her BCompt and Hons from the University of South Africa. She

received her training from Deloitte & Touche. After completing

her articles, she spent one year at Deloitte before joining

SizweNtsaluba VSP (formerly Nkonki Sizwe Ntsaluba).

During her tenure at SizweNtsaluba, she specialised in

consulting, internal auditing and attest function. She started

the corporate governance division which housed the internal

audit services, as she identified this opportunity during the

introduction of the Public Finance Management Act (PFMA).

She was also involved in staff development and training as a

staff partner for five years. She then joined the Imperial Group

as the Group Audit and Risk Executive. While at Imperial she

introduced Training Outside Public Practice (TOPP). When she

left the group, she had 11 TOPP trainees who were spread

across the group, and she still assists Imperial Group on a

consulting basis to ensure they receive adequate training.

She was appointed to serve on the board of Imperial Bank as

a non-executive director representing Imperial, the position

she held until the bank surrendered its banking licence in

September 2010. Nomavuso sits on a number of boards in both

listed and unlisted companies.:

letter, terms,

audit plan and budgeted audit fees for the 2022

financial year.

Any non-audit services to be provided by the external

auditors are governed by a formal written policy which

incorporates a monetary delegation of authority in terms

of non-audit services to be provided. The non-audit

services rendered by the external auditors during the

year ended 31 May 2022 comprised tax advisory services,

tax compliance services and general advisory services.

The fees applicable to the services totalled R3.1 million

(2021: R2.4 million).

The ARCC has nominated, for approval at the AGM, the

reappointment of PwC as registered auditors for the

2023 financial year. The Committee also satisfied itself

in terms of paragraph 3.84(g)(iii) of the JSE Listings

Requirements that PwC and the designated individual

partner are suitable for appointment having requested

and considered the information detailed in

paragraph 22.15(h) of the JSE Listings Requirements.

Internal audit and internal controls

Blue Label’s internal audit was outsourced to KPMG for

part of the year, and to Deloitte for the remainder of the

year and going forward and the role of the Chief Audit

Executive is fulfilled by the Engagement Director. The

ARCC concludes that the Chief Audit Executive and

internal audit arrangements are effective and

independent.

The Committee:

• reviewed the co-operation and co-ordination between

the internal and external audit functions in order to

avoid duplication of work and to work towards an

effective and efficient combined/ integrated assurance

approach;

• examined and reviewed the progress made by internal

audit against the approved 2021/22 audit plan;

• considered the combined/integrated assurance

arrangements for the 2021/22 financial year;

• approved the risk-based internal audit plan for the

2021/22 financial year;

• considered the effectiveness of internal audit;

• considered internal audit findings and corrective

actions taken in response to such findings; and

AUDIT, RISK AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE’S REPORT CONTINUED

96

BLUE LABEL INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

ABOUT US

STRATEGY AND

PERFORMANCE

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

AND ADMINISTRATION:

Managing Director and

implementing institutional policies and controls for the

distribution of funds and support to our CSI beneficiaries.

To improve the impact of its initiatives on communities,

the Group has in the past year partnered with other

organisations and industry players with shared socio-

economic values to pull together resources for high

impact.

Our programmes continued to impact community and

youth development through initiatives aimed at

developing entrepreneurs and SMMEs within

communities in line with our focus areas announced in

the 2021 integrated annual report. In order to ensure

long-term sustainability of beneficiary organisations and

communities, the Group has formed long-term

partnerships with selected organisations with proven

track records working with grassroot communities on

the ground.

Coming out of the difficult period of COVID-19, the Group

has continued to support and implement initiatives to

enhance the quality of health for employees and their

families.

A comprehensive review of the Group’s ESG philosophy

and policy has resulted in the formulation of critical

indicators and measures that are being implemented by

the Remco in the scorecards of the executive. Noting the

challenges of climate change, the Group has partnered

with players in the renewable energy space to create

awareness in very poor communities and implement

renewable energy sources such as in one of our prime

CSI projects in Orange Farm in Gauteng.

Key focus areas for 2023

• Continue to drive an internal mindset of

performance with purpose through the Blue Label

business by:

− focusing on the chosen project in Orange Farm

as our primary target community for driving

sustainability through the creation of new jobs

and growing at least six new SMMEs;

− focusing on critical skills needed and building a

capability map that will enable us to leverage

these new skills in the business and achieve our

skills spend points; and

− driving impactful objective-setting processes to

enable the promotion of fair labour practices,

decent work and economic growth.

• Continue driving a growth mindset culture within

the business.

I am pleased to present this report to all stakeholders which gives comprehensive details on our socio-economic development initiatives. This Committee

was formed in line with section 72(4) of the Companies Act and operates under Board-approved terms of reference, which include holding at least three

meetings per financial year. The Committee performed its oversight functions without any hindrance and can report on its activities for the financial year

ended 31 May 2022.

99

BLUE LABEL INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

ABOUT US

STRATEGY AND

PERFORMANCE

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

AND ADMINISTRATION:

Dear shareholders

I am pleased to report that the Human Capital team at

Blue Label and Blue Label Remuneration Committee

continued to prioritise staff welfare as we navigated

another year of COVID-related challenges.

Our Remuneration Policy, amended significantly in 2020

to align with best practice, together with the

Implementation Report and Non-executive Directors

fees, were put to a shareholder vote at the previous

AGM on 25 November 2021 and were endorsed with a

majority vote of 98.8% and 81.2% respectively. Each year

we engage with our shareholders to ensure alignment

of our policy and their goals.

It is also vital that our Remuneration Policy aligns with

best practice and achieves our goals of attracting and

retaining top talent. During the reporting period, PwC

was engaged to review our overall remuneration policy

and the underlying variable remuneration structures to

assess their alignment with leading market practice and

good corporate governance principles. The updates to

our remuneration practices to align with market/best

practice continue as at the time of this publication, to be

reported on fully, as necessary, in our 2023 report.

As in the previous year, and in line with best practice, no

metrics or targets, have been or will be retrospectively

adjusted but the policy ensures that the Remuneration

Committee has the flexibility in setting appropriate

metrics and targets on an annual basis. For the reporting

year, the Committee has however evaluated the impact

on EBITDA as a consequence of the Group initiating a

learnership programme which negatively impacts EBITDA

but which after deducting the S12H allowance in terms of

the Income Tax Act, should leave our bottom line NPAT

unchanged. Consequently, the Committee agreed that it

would be appropriate to evaluate EBITDA on a

normalised basis adjusting only for the extra spend on

the learnership programme.

Section 1 provides an overview of how the Remuneration

Committee has championed our alignment to King IV’s

Code on Corporate Governance, our areas of focus in

achievement of our policy objectives, our efforts to build

a culture through values and our purpose and alignment

with performance and rewards. We also address diversity

and inclusion, gender and race remuneration parity and

setting new ESG goals.

Section 2 summarises our forward-looking remuneration

philosophy and policy, together with an overview of our

total rewards strategy. The most significant change for

the year ahead relates to our long-term incentive plan,

and updates which have been made to its administration,

as discussed in detail below. Given PwC’s ongoing review

and the updates required as a result thereof, we

anticipate that next year’s report will disclose these

changes in detail. Minor changes were made to move

threshold to 80% of target and stretch to 125% of target

for financial measures in both the short-term incentive

plan (STIP) and long-term incentive plan (LTIP). We

removed the stretch component of the individual key

performance indicator (KPI) targets in the STI and the ESG

measures in the LTIP, as these measures are assessed on

a binary basis and only provide for the achievement of

target performance, with threshold performance being

assessed on a pro-rata basis relative to target. Financial

metrics were slightly amended to match realistic and

benchmarked targets noting prevailing economic

conditions in the country. The full policy can be accessed

here https://www.bluelabeltelecoms.co.za/sus-

governance-framework.php. We also highlight our

continued focus areas for FY2023.

Finally, section 3, the Remuneration Implementation

Report, provides an overview of FY2022 performance

and discloses performance against targets and resulting

awards to Executive Directors, Prescribed Officers as well

as the fees paid to Non-executive Directors.

Looking forward to FY2023, we will continue to review the

success of our Remuneration Policy in terms of both our

and stakeholders’ goals. We have to be mindful of the

challenges facing our country and what role we need to

play in addressing these. Together with ESG, these will be

our prioritised goals for the forthcoming year.

We invite engagement with our shareholders as part of

our efforts to continuously review and improve.

GD Harlow

Chairman

30 September 2022

REMUNERATION REPORT

101

BLUE LABEL INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

ABOUT US

STRATEGY AND

PERFORMANCE

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

AND ADMINISTRATION:

letter of representation to do so.

On a show of hands, every shareholder present in person

or represented by proxy and entitled to vote shall have

only one vote irrespective of the number of shares such

shareholder holds. On a poll, every shareholder, present

in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote,

shall be entitled to that proportion of the total votes in

the Company which the aggregate amount of the

nominal value of the shares held by such shareholder

bears to the aggregate amount of the nominal value of

all shares issued by the Company.

Certificated shareholders or own-name dematerialised

shareholders who are entitled to attend and vote at the

virtual AGM are entitled to appoint a proxy to attend,

participate in and vote at the virtual AGM in their stead.

A proxy need not also be a shareholder of the Company.

The completion of a form of proxy will not preclude a

shareholder from attending the virtual AGM.

123

BLUE LABEL INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

ABOUT US

STRATEGY AND

PERFORMANCE

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

AND ADMINISTRATION:

letter of representation by the relevant entity and

a certified copy of the identity documents and/or

passports of the persons who passed the

relevant resolution or signed the relevant: letter

of representation. The letter of representation or

resolution must set out from whom the relevant

entity is authorised to represent the entity at the

virtual AGM via electronic communication;

(iii) a valid e-mail address and/or facsimile number

(contact address/number); and

(iv) by no later than 24 (twenty-four) hours before

the virtual AGM the Company shall use its

reasonable endeavours to notify a shareholder

at its contact address/number of the relevant

details through which the shareholder can

participate via electronic communication.

(c) The costs borne by the shareholder or his/her/its

proxy(ies) in relation to the dial-in facility will be for

his/her/its own account.

NOTICE OF VIRTUAL ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING CONTINUED

132

BLUE LABEL INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

ABOUT US

STRATEGY AND

PERFORMANCE

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

AND ADMINISTRATION

letter of representation from their CSDP or

broker, as the case may be. This must be done in terms of the agreement entered into between

the dematerialised shareholder and their CSDP or broker. If the CSDP or broker, as the case may

be, does not obtain instructions from such dematerialised shareholders, it will be obliged to act

in terms of the mandate furnished to it, or if the mandate is silent in this regard, to abstain from

voting. Such dematerialised shareholders, other than own-name dematerialised shareholders,

must not complete this form of proxy and should read note 10 overleaf.

Full name: I/We

of (address)

(BLOCK LETTERS)

Telephone: (Work) (area code)

Telephone: (Home) (area code)

Fax: (area code)

Cell number:

being the holder(s) of

Blue Label shares hereby appoint:

1.

or failing him/her,

2.

or failing him/her,

3. the Chairman of the AGM, as my/our proxy to vote for me/us on my/our behalf at the AGM of

Blue Label shareholders to be held at 10:00 on Thursday, 24 November 2022 or any

adjournment thereof as follows:

Resolution

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1:

Re-election of Mr KM Ellerine as a Director of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 2:

Re-election of Mr MS Levy as a Director of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 3:

Re-election of Mr LM Nestadt as a Director and Chairman of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 4:

Reappointment of external auditor

Ordinary resolution number 5:

Election of Ms NP Mnxasana as a member of the Audit, Risk and Compliance

Committee

Ordinary resolution number 6:

Election of Mr JS Mthimunye as a member and Chair of the Audit, Risk and

Compliance Committee

Ordinary resolution number 7:

Election of Mr GD Harlow as a member of the Audit, Risk and Compliance

Committee

Ordinary resolution number 8:

Election of Mr SJ Vilakazi as a member of the Audit, Risk and Compliance

Committee

Ordinary resolution number 9:

Approval of amendments to the rules of the Blue Label Telecoms Forfeitable

Share Plan and the share scheme envisaged by such rules

Ordinary resolution number 10:

Non-binding advisory endorsement of the remuneration and reward policy

Ordinary resolution number 11:

Non-binding advisory endorsement of the remuneration implementation report

Ordinary resolution number 12:

Directors’ authority to implement ordinary and special resolutions

Special resolution number 1:

Non-executive Directors’ remuneration

Special resolution number 2:

General authority to repurchase shares

Special resolution number 3:

Approval to grant financial assistance in terms of sections 44 and 45 of the Act

Signed at

on

day of

2022

Signature

Assisted by (if applicable)

Please read the notes on the reverse side hereof.

133

BLUE LABEL INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

ABOUT US

STRATEGY AND

PERFORMANCE

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

AND ADMINISTRATION:

letter of

representation to do so or should provide their nominee

or, if applicable, their CSDP or broker timeously with

their voting instruction should they not wish to attend

the virtual AGM in person, in order for their nominee

to vote in accordance with their instruction at the

virtual AGM.

11. A vote given in terms of an instrument of proxy shall be

valid in relation to the virtual AGM notwithstanding the

death of the person granting it, the transfer of the shares

in respect of which the vote is given, unless an intimation

in writing of such death or transfer is received by the

Transfer Secretaries, before the commencement of the

virtual AGM.

12. Where this form of proxy is signed under power of

attorney, such power of attorney must accompany this

form of proxy, unless previously recorded by the

Transfer Secretaries or unless this requirement is waived

by the Chairman of the AGM.

13. A minor or any other person under legal incapacity must

be assisted by his/her parent or guardian, as applicable,

unless the relevant documents establishing his/her

capacity are produced or have been registered by Blue

Label or the Transfer Secretaries.

14. Unless revoked, an appointment of a proxy pursuant to

this form of proxy remains valid only until the end of the

virtual AGM or any postponement or adjournment of the

virtual AGM. This form of proxy shall be valid at any

resumption of a postponed or adjourned meeting to

which it relates although this form of proxy shall not be

used at the resumption of the postponed or adjourned

virtual AGM if it could not be used at the virtual AGM for

any reason other than it was not lodged timeously for

the virtual AGM. This form of proxy shall, in addition to

the authority conferred by the Act, except insofar as it

provides otherwise, be deemed to confer the power

generally to act at the meeting in question, subject to any

specific direction contained in this form of proxy as to

the manner of voting.

134

BLUE LABEL INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

ABOUT US

STRATEGY AND

PERFORMANCE

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

AND ADMINISTRATION:

