Managing Director’s report

4

Ten-year review – salient features

9

Corporate governance and risk management

10

Sustainability report

17

Remuneration report

30

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31

Statement of responsibility and approval by the Board of Directors

32

Declaration by Company Secretary

33

Chief Executive Officer’s and Chief Financial Officer’s

responsibility statement

33

Independent Auditor’s Report

34

Directors’ report

37

Audit and risk committee’s report

39

Statements of financial position

41

Statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

42

Statements of cash flows

43

Statements of changes in equity

44

Notes to the annual financial statements

45

Annexures

– Information relating to subsidiaries and jointly-controlled entities

82

– Information relating to associates

83

Notice of annual general meeting

84

Form of proxy

91

Corporate information

IBC

1

Integrated Annual Report 2022:

Managing Director) (Financial Director)

BCom, CA(SA)

Tim joined the group as group general manager:

finance in 2003 and was appointed as financial director

in 2006. He is a qualified chartered accountant and

has had a number of years’ experience in the retail and

manufacturing industries. Tim has been the financial

director of a number of companies. In addition, he has

also held a number of senior and executive operational

posts within these companies.

L Witbooi (50) (: Managing Director: Western Cape

Operations)

MBA

Leon has an MBA from the University of Cape Town

and has been with the group for 28 years in a variety of

positions. He currently heads the group’s Western Cape

commercial print and packaging operations.

NON-EXECUTIVE

PM Jenkins* (63) (

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT

In the full year to June 2022, the Caxton group has posted

exceptionally strong results, reflecting the resilience of the

group through the two years of the Covid-19 pandemic,

and the adaptability of the group to profound changes in

our markets. The group has continued the strong growth

trajectory reported upon at the half year and delivered a

stellar full year set of results driven by continued recovery

in revenues, market share gains and a well-controlled cost

base. This performance is particularly pleasing in the face

of post-pandemic challenges – most notably supply chain

constraints, continuing price escalations in raw materials,

inflationary pressures on operating costs, unprecedented

load shedding and lastly the floods in KwaZulu-Natal

that affected our large commercial printing operation.

It is testament to the resilience of our management and

employees that in the face of these challenges, such a set

of results can be delivered.

EARNINGS

The group has delivered an excellent operating

performance as follows:

•

Profit before depreciation and amortisation increased

by R264.1 million (46.8%) to R828.0 million compared to

R563.9 million in the prior year.

•

Depreciation and amortisation absorbed

R237.7 million compared to R253.4 million in the

prior year.

•

Profit after depreciation and amortisation increased

by R279.9 million (90.2%) to R590.3 million compared to

R310.4 million in the prior year.

Revenue grew strongly by R758.9 million (14.5%) from

R5 220.4 million to R5 979.3 million, reflecting volume

increases across all operations, especially in the second

half of the financial year. The group’s local newspaper

business experienced a robust return of retailer advertising

spend, mainly in the form of advertising brochures,

and this demand had a corresponding positive impact

on throughputs in our commercial printing plants.

The commercial printing operations also managed to

increase market share due to the availability of increased

levels of raw materials. All packaging units experienced

strong revenue growth where organic volume growth,

new products/markets and market share gains were

the main contributors. This was particularly evident

in the alcohol and quick service restaurant (“QSR”)

market sectors.

Raw material pricing was and remains volatile with

significant cost increases across all grades of paper

and board, with more increases in the pipeline.

The unprecedented tightening of supply lines and raw

material shortages placed upward pressure on costs

that affected all our operations and does not appear

to be abating any time soon. Not only is pricing difficult

to manage with customers, due to the short notice and

energy surcharges being applied by the mills, but the

access to supply is not improving and this is further driving

up costs as mills pre-allocate tonnage offtake to their

historical customer base on a take it or leave it price

basis. The group is fortunate that it has always procured

from a wide supplier base and, combined with earlier

management decisions to hold increased stock levels,

this has meant we have been in a position to successfully

navigate the challenges, service all our customers and

also gain new customers in certain instances. Over the

reporting period, margins were maintained but have

required transparency and flexibility with our customer

base, with pricing reviews on a more regular basis.

Inflationary pressures were felt across all operations and

this intensified in the second half of the financial year

and resulted in operating costs growing by R134.9 million

(14.6%), largely in support of the increased operating

activity but also driven by large increases in insurance

and energy costs. In addition, the devastating floods in

KwaZulu-Natal affected our large commercial printing

site and resulted in the group incurring direct costs

of R30.9 million, to the end of the reporting period,

associated with restoring production. This cost will form

part of the insurance claim currently being formulated.

Staff costs were well controlled and grew by R59.6 million

(5.1%) to R1 223.1 million.

After depreciation of R237.7 million, profit from operating

activities grew by R279.9 million (90.2%) to R590.3 million.

A loss on the disposal of a subsidiary (R3.4 million) and

impairment of intangibles (R8.2 million) was recognised by

our listed subsidiary, Cognition Holdings Limited, as part

of its restructure in January 2022, to focus on sustainable

business segments. Impairments of goodwill (R3.9 million),

investments (R5.3 million) and loans (R11.4 million) were

accounted for by the group. Equipment that is in excess

of ongoing operational requirements was impaired

(R2.1 million).

Net finance income grew by R32.0 million (37.0%) on the

back of increased dividend flow from our investments,

notably MPact Limited (R24.9 million) and Novus Holdings

Limited (R27.4 million). Even though interest rates have

started to rise in response to inflationary pressures,

this was more than offset by the reduced cash balances,

as the group invested heavily in working capital to support

growth and mitigate supply chain challenges. The loss on

foreign exchange translation (R19.7 million) was as a result

of the volatile exchange rates over the reporting period

and also the increased volume of imports as the group

built up stock levels.

Income from associates declined by R25.9 million to

R11.8 million, as the prior year included the profits of

associates, notably Octotel Proprietary Limited and

RSA Web Proprietary Limited, that were sold in the

previous financial year.

4

Integrated Annual Report 2022:

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT continued

National advertising revenue continued its strong trend

and grew by 13%, but this is still some way off from

pre-pandemic levels. The success of reaching 3 million

homes weekly, through the local newspapers, is crucial for

the major national retailers. This year’s recovery was driven

largely by the major food retailers but encouragingly,

the other categories also showed signs of returning to

our papers.

Local advertising revenues, even in the face of the

challenges mentioned above, showed growth of 9%.

This was fuelled by a resurgence of local insert revenue

and also a greater focus on digital revenues. A strong

focus on the re-invigoration of revenue generation

created by the new centralised metro sales team and also

the benefits of cross selling digital and print opportunities

has contributed to this turnaround.

This business is faced with further cost pressures, including

the price of newsprint and the cost of distribution and thus

the focus on cost control will be paramount in the coming

year, as well as focus on media rate increases to ensure

the sustainability of the business.

The group’s daily newspaper, The Citizen, continues to

show improved performance and returned to profitability

in the year under review. This is a commendable

performance in the face of the decline in circulation

revenue which was offset by increased digital and

advertising spend. The Citizen has managed to capture

the dominant share in the legal advertising market and

has proved to be popular among Gauteng readership

mainly because of the impartial and excellent news

coverage. Our associate in KZN, Capital Newspapers,

has added The Witness to its stable of publications.

The Witness, which was acquired from Media 24, is the

oldest newspaper in South Africa and represents an

exciting addition to the group’s publications.

The group’s newspaper printing facilities produced

stellar results and exceeded pre-pandemic levels.

This performance was largely driven by substantial market

share gains in the commercial retail pamphlet area as

well as the positive impact of the prior year’s restructure

at the major printing plant in Gauteng. Customers are

recognising the advantage of our 8 printing plants

strategically placed around the country in delivering

quick turnarounds as well as significant reductions

in transport costs. In addition, there are further cost

savings for customers to print their advertising material,

for insertion, in the same plant that prints the local

newspaper. This configuration sets us apart from our

competitors in the market.

The print orders and paginations of daily and weekly

newspaper publications continue to decline but at a

slower rate than that experienced in the recent past.

These declines has been somewhat offset by higher print

volumes in our own local newspaper publications.

The newspaper publishing and retail market is faced with

unprecedented challenges in the supply of newsprint

paper and the cost thereof. Our loyal support of Sappi,

the last local newsprint supplier, has allowed us to

secure substantial volumes but at much higher pricing.

We anticipate that the price will continue to rise in

the short term, and thus management is focused on

managing these increases with customers.

Digital assets

The group’s major digital asset is Private Property that is

held through our subsidiary, Cognition Holdings Limited.

This business performed to expectations from a revenue

perspective but showed a decline in profitability as a

consequence of the decision to make a significant and

sustained further investment into technology and user

experience. At the time of writing, Cognition Holdings

Limited has published a cautionary announcement

relating to the potential sale of this asset.

Cognition Holdings Limited’s core operations, excluding

Private Property, underwent a restructure following

management and board changes at the end of 2021,

which has realised significant cost savings and a greater

focus on revenue generation in those business segments

that are viewed as sustainable. The new management

has also introduced a greater collaboration with the other

Caxton operations. The outcome appears encouraging

and ensures greater access to a broader range of

prospective customers.

Web and gravure printing

The group’s commercial printing operations delivered a

substantial improvement in profitability as the demand

for retail catalogues showed robust growth on a reduced

operational cost base. The revenue growth was mainly

driven by the food and liquor sectors which underlines

the importance of printed advertising materials as a part

of the overall media mix to reach consumers, with many

large retailers increasing print orders and paginations over

the reporting period. These operations also managed

to grow market share and secured additional volumes

on the back of access to paper and quality of service.

Having said this, the tonnage throughput is still some 14%

off pre-pandemic levels.

6

Integrated Annual Report 2022:

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT continued

The group’s flexible packaging operation experienced

a turnaround of fortunes on the back of improved

operational efficiencies and also supply of raw materials

into new markets, most notably the Amcor bag in the

box bladder operation. The group has subsequently

purchased this operation from Amcor along with its tyre

liner business in Port Elizabeth with an effective date of

1 August 2022. This business complements our existing

bag in the box carton offering and enables the group to

supply all the components in this growing market.

Our multiple folding carton operations also delivered

good results, driven by organic growth and new product

lines. Tremendous growth was evident in the QSR sector

where volumes are now starting to exceed pre-pandemic

levels, driven by good value meal offerings, home delivery

options and consumers looking for hot meals during

loadshedding. We have entered other product lines to

fully service the QSR customer base and have started

the supply of cold cups and expect to grow this offering.

Management has also developed innovative packaging

designs that have resulted in market share gains.

The supply of bag in the box cartons for the wine industry

continued its impressive growth trajectory with many

new product lines being developed that are targeting a

more discerning wine customer with well-known brands.

We have ordered a new printing press which should be

operational towards the third quarter of the new financial

year and this investment will bring operational efficiencies

as well a broader range of embellishments that will suit this

market and offer the customers more options.

The management team in the Western Cape has

managed to penetrate the agriculture market with a

high graphic product offering that has found a niche

in an area that has been traditionally serviced by lower

quality graphics. This includes offering a paper punnet

format to replace plastic punnets, an area of exciting

growth potential.

Our cigarette carton manufacturing operation has

managed to find areas of growth in the African market

which has offset the decline from our major South African

customer and forecasts indicate this growth should be

sustainable and thus the need for capital expenditure to

support this growth.

As with all our manufacturing operations, sourcing and

pricing of raw materials is of serious concern. We have

managed to secure adequate supply through a diverse

supplier base and the build-up of stock levels has assisted

in navigating the supply chain issues. The increase in the

price of raw materials is not abating, which has meant

continued engagement with our customers.

Stationery

Our stationery division experienced increased revenues

and, with lower operating expenses, improved

profitability. The revenue growth was particularly pleasing

as management succeeded in offsetting lower offtakes

by our largest customer, by growing market share in

diaries. This operation is faced with increased raw material

costs, which is applying margin pressures that need to be

carefully managed.

DIVIDENDS

The board has declared a dividend of 50.00 cents

(2021: 50.0 cents) per ordinary share (gross) and a

preference dividend of 410.00 cents (2021: 410.00 cents)

per preference share (gross) for the year ended

30 June 2022. The dividends are subject to the Dividend

Withholding Tax.

PROSPECTS

There is no doubt that the rising inflationary environment,

that is evident locally and globally, will play an important

role in the forthcoming year and it remains to be seen how

this will ultimately impact on the resilience of consumer

demand. Subsequent to year end, demand has held up

but it is too early to say that this will be the case for the

remainder of the new financial year. This may put certain

markets under margin pressure and thus the focus of

management is on managing these cost pressures with

customers. The uncertainties posed by the global tensions

surrounding Russia/Ukraine could have a profound

effect on business, exacerbated by climate change and

unprecedented drought conditions in Europe and China.

As a 34% shareholder in MPact Limited (“MPact”), the

group continues to persevere in its efforts to obtain clarity

regarding competition related issues as between MPact

and Golden Era, MPact’s major customer and competitor

and co-accused in a cartel case still pending before

the Competition Tribunal. The threat of customer flight

by Golden Era in the event of a Caxton merger filing is a

matter of concern, which according to affidavits filed by

MPact, would have a devastating effect on its business

and shareholders. Caxton is considering the implications

of these disclosures by MPact.

TJW Holden: Managing

Managing Director, in recognition of the extraordinary

efforts management has made in delivering half year

profits far exceeding pre-pandemic levels. The improved

performance of the group in the past full financial

year has seen a further bonus allocation to key

management after year end and will be reported in the

2023 financial year.

Whilst the CEO and the: Managing

Managing Director,

comprises senior management who represent the main

business sectors in the group. Progress with regard to

transformation is reviewed later in this report.

Standards and certifications

CTP Printers Johannesburg is FOGRA Process Standard

Offset (“PSO”) certified. The FOGRA PSO certification

is achieved with consistent and predictable colour

reproduction to ISO 12647-2 standards. This certification

provides proof externally of the quality the group is

capable of and internally it ensures smooth production.

FOGRA works with, and is associated with, the German

Print Federation (“GPF”) and thus the standards that are

set are endorsed by the European printing community.

In order to attain the certification, 70% is required as a

minimum standard from all aspects that are tested.

CTP Printers Cape Town (FSC-C017578), SA Litho Label

Printers (FSC-C084368), CTP Packaging (FSC-C108896),

CTP Printers Johannesburg (FSC-C146398), Caxton Works

(FSC-C146398), Gravure Durban (SGS_COC-011502),

Boland Printers (FSC-C150864) and CTP Cartons and

Labels (FSC-C108896 and FSC-C124452) have also

attained the Forestry Stewardship Council® (FSC®)

Chain of Custody certification. This allows these divisions

to produce work carrying the FSC logo and provides

assurance that the raw material used as well as the

production process conforms to standards of social and

environmental awareness. The paper manufacturers that

we use are also either FSC® or PEFC(TM) certified and some

of the paper mills have also been awarded the EU Flower

for environmental excellence. CTP Flexibles, SA Litho Label

Printers, CTP Cartons and Labels, Boland Printers and

CTP Printers are also members of the Supplier Ethical Data

Exchange (“SEDEX”).

SA Litho is ISO FSSC 22000 certified (secondary food

packaging certification) while CTP Cartons & Labels and

CTP Packaging are ISO FSSC 22000 certified (primary

food packaging certification). CTP Flexibles is BRCGS

certified, this global standard for packaging materials

incorporates the quality management system based on

ISO 9001 principles. The 4 pillar SMETA audit covers labour

standards, health and safety, environment and business

ethics. The FSSC 22000 and the BRCGS food safety and

high hygiene packaging system certifications provide

frameworks for effectively managing an organisation’s

food safety and high hygiene packaging responsibilities.

FSSC 22000 is fully recognised by the Global Food

Safety Initiative (“GFSI”) and is based on existing ISO

Standards. It demonstrates that our divisions have a

robust Food Safety Management System in place that

meets the requirements of customers and consumers.

The FSSC 22000 food safety certification is a prerequisite

for suppliers of all major food and beverage brands –

major brands will not entertain business with suppliers

who do not have this certification as a minimum. In the

Packaging arena, this means that our customers can

use our packaging for direct food contact applications,

and be secure in the knowledge that we have met the

necessary food safety requirements, ensuring that our

packaging is contaminate free.

Thuthuka Packaging, CTP Gravure Johannesburg,

CTP Cartons & Labels, and Boland Printers are

ISO 9001:2015 accredited. Thuthuka Packaging is also

PEFC chain of custody certified, a sustainable sourcing

accreditation similar to FSC.

Legal compliance

The Social and Ethics Committee is responsible for

monitoring all workplace, B-BBEE and environmental

legislation and regulatory compliance requirements

across the group. We have engaged specialist

consultants to assist in the ongoing gap analysis

between new environmental legislation and current

practice. The Company Secretary and the group

B-BBEE practitioner ensure regular updates of changes

to standards. Professional advisers and attorneys

who understand our business provide advice and input

as required.

HEALTH AND SAFETY

In order to provide and maintain, as far as possible, a work

environment that is safe and without risk to our employees

and the members of the public who visit our premises,

all operations are responsible to ensure that the group’s

health and safety policy is adhered to.

Equally, we are committed to protecting and conserving

the natural resources on which our business depends, by

continuously improving our environmental performance.

The group has adopted a preventative and proactive

approach to the healthcare of its employees by providing

on-site medical facilities.

Employee wellness

Many sites of the Company have a permanent

occupational healthcare practitioner, in addition to

a medical doctor who is available on site every week

for consultation. The wellness programmes include

audiometric and eye screening tests and addressing

issues pertaining to ill-health, family planning, substance

abuse and HIV/Aids educational programmes. Voluntary

HIV testing is available to employees on request, with

referral assistance to clinics for treatment and counselling.

Employee relations

Each workplace has a workplace committee that focuses

on monitoring the implementation of the Employment

Equity Plan as well as the Workplace Skills Plan and Annual

Training Report. This committee meets at least quarterly.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT continued

18 Integrated Annual Report 2022:

Managing Director.

The committee is tasked with identifying initiatives

aligned with the BEE Codes and monitors progress

towards reaching the group’s transformation targets.

Quarterly feedback is provided to the CAT Audit and

Risk Committee.

Driving diversity and inclusion is an integral part of the

group’s transformation and human resource strategies.

The group ensures that it is compliant with the

Employment Equity Act as all the designated employers

within the group report annually via the Department of

Employment and Labour’s (“DOEL”) website on progress

towards reaching the individual workplace Employment

Equity Plan targets. Employment Equity Committees meet

on a quarterly basis where progress towards reaching

Employment Equity targets is measured. The Group also

provided input, via Printing South Africa for the proposed

Printing and Packaging sub-sector targets that are

expected to be implemented by the DOEL in 2022.

Ownership and management control

The Black Ownership of group entities is measured

using the flow-through principle from CAT. Overall Black

Ownership decreased slightly to 13.62%, with the Black

Female shareholding decreasing to 6.09% in economic

interest and 5.8% in voting rights.

Diversity (%)

46.0

20.0

26.8

6.9

African

Coloured

Indian

White

0.3

Foreign

The CTP measured entity staff profile at September 2022 was as follows:

Male

Female

Foreign

Nationals

Occupation Levels

A

C

I

W

A

C

I

W

Male Female

Total

Executive management

–

1

–

1

–

1

–

–

–

–

3

Senior management

–

2

3

40

1

2

3

14

1

–

66

Professionally qualified and experienced

specialists mid-management

22

17

8

44

11

5

7

50

–

–

164

Skilled technical and academically

qualified workers, junior management,

supervisors, foremen,

and superintendents

380

340

107

272

225

172

82

318

2

1

1 899

Semi-skilled and

discretionary decision-making

639

286

46

30

237

126

12

22

6

–

1 404

Unskilled and defined decision-making

175

55

7

2

144

62

1

3

–

–

449

Total

1 216

701

171

389

618

368

105

407

9

1

3 985

Skills development

The group continues with its focus on providing as many

opportunities as possible for its employees to obtain

various qualifications through initiatives such as the

bursary programme, skills programmes, learnerships

and apprenticeships. In addition, unemployed learners

are provided with opportunities to get work experience

through internship and graduate work experience

programmes as well as learnerships.

YES4Youth Programme

In 2019, the group participated for the first time in the

Yes4Youth programme which provides a 12-month quality

work experience for unemployed youth. The programme

enables the youth to receive training as well as work

experience, thereby enhancing their chances to obtain

permanent work placements. For the 2020/2021 year,

73 youth were hosted by IT Varsity, which is an accredited

online training institute specialising in preparing youth for

careers in app, web and software development. Youth

are provided with coding skills and are placed in jobs such

as system tech support agents. For the 2021/2022 year,

60 youth were engaged with Implementation Partner

CapaCiti. The youth will receive at least three months of

IT-related training before being placed at host employers

for the rest of the twelve month programme.

Integrated Annual Report 2022 19:

Managing Director were granted in the current

financial year.

Non-executive directors have been granted a

5% increase.

Executive and non-executive remuneration has been

implemented in accordance with the disclosures in the

Annual Financial Statements.

PM Jenkins

Non-executive Chairperson

TD Moolman

Chief Executive Officer

Remuneration Committee

26 October 2022

30 Integrated Annual Report 2022:

Managing Director

Chief Executive Officer

Johannesburg

26 October 2022

STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY AND

APPROVAL BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

32 Integrated Annual Report 2022:

Managing Director

Chief Executive Officer

Johannesburg

26 October 2022

DECLARATION BY COMPANY SECRETARY

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER’S

RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

Integrated Annual Report 2022 33:

Managing Director’s report.

REVIEW OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS

Revenue for the year increased by R759 million to R5 979 million (2021: R5 220 million). Profit from operating activities

before depreciation and impairment increased by R265 million to R828 million (2021: R563 million). Net finance income

received amounted to R138 million (2021: R82 million) with capital expenditure during the year totalling R206 million

(2021: R182 million). Cash and cash equivalents amounted to R1 664 million (2021: R1 989 million).

ORDINARY DIVIDEND

An ordinary dividend of 50.00 cents (2021: 50.00 cents) (gross) (net 40.00 cents (2021: net 40.00 cents)) per ordinary share

was declared on 9 September 2022, payable to shareholders registered on 6 December 2022.

PREFERENCE DIVIDEND

A preference dividend of 410.00 cents per share (2021: 410.00 cents) (gross) (net 328.00 cents (2021: net 328 cents))

per share was declared on 9 September 2022, payable to shareholders registered on 6 December 2022.

SHARE CAPITAL

Particulars of the authorised and issued share capital of the Company are set out in note 12 of the annual

financial statements.

SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

Particulars of subsidiary companies are set out on page 82. The aggregate attributable interest of the Company in the

after-tax profits and losses of the subsidiaries were:

2022

2021

R000

R000

Profits

465 845

556 927

Losses

(53 520)

(53 012)

412 325

503 915

DIRECTORATE AND COMPANY SECRETARY

The names of the directors and the Company Secretary are set out on pages 3 and 33 of this report. In terms of

the memorandum of incorporation of the Company, no fewer than a third of the non-executive directors retire at

the forthcoming annual general meeting. Mr PM Jenkins and Mr JH Phalane retire as directors and, being eligible,

offer themselves for re-election.

DIRECTORS’ SHAREHOLDING

At the date of this report, based on the latest register of shareholders, the directors’ beneficial shareholding in the

Company amounted to:

2022

2021

2022

2021

Directors

Direct

Direct

Indirect

Indirect

TD Moolman*

–

–

4 005 695

4 005 695

PM Jenkins

8 000

8 000

–

–

Total

8 000

8 000

4 005 695

4 005 695

There were no changes in directors’ shareholding between the end of the financial year and the date of this report.

* At the date of this report, the Moolman Coburn Partnership, through various intermediate companies controlled by it, controls Caxton

Holdings Proprietary Limited, which holds 45.69% (30 June 2022: 45.69%) of the issued ordinary shares of Caxton and CTP Publishers and

Printers Limited. The Moolman Coburn Partnership and its intermediate companies control an additional 5.67% (30 June 2022: 5.67%),

and its associates acting in concert hold a further 0.9% (30 June 2022: 0.9%) of the issued ordinary shares of Caxton and CTP Publishers

and Printers Limited. The partnership therefore controls a total of 52.26% (30 June 2022: 52.26%) of the issued ordinary shares of the

Company. The directors do not have any non-beneficial shareholdings in the Company.

Integrated Annual Report 2022 37:

Managing Director

Chief Executive Officer

Johannesburg

26 October 2022

DIRECTORS’ REPORT continued

38 Integrated Annual Report 2022:

letter of representation from your Central Securities

Depository Participant (“CSDP”) or broker;

•

and do not wish to attend the meeting but would like your vote to be recorded at the meeting, you should contact

your CSDP or broker and furnish them with your voting instructions; and

•

you must not complete the enclosed form of proxy.

A shareholder who is entitled to attend and vote at the meeting is entitled, by completing the enclosed form of proxy

and delivering it to the Company in accordance with the instructions on that form of proxy, to appoint a proxy to attend,

participate in and vote at the meeting in that shareholder’s place. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company.

All meeting participants (including shareholders and proxies) may be required to provide satisfactory identification to the

chairman of the meeting. Forms of identification include valid identity documents, passports and driver’s licences.

ELECTRONIC PARTICIPATION AT THE MEETING

The Company intends to make provision for the shareholders of the Company or their proxies to participate in the

meeting by way of electronic participation. Should you wish to participate in this manner, you will need to contact

Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited via email at proxy@computershare.co.za by 10:00 on Friday,

2 December 2022. Should you be participating by electronic communication, kindly ensure that your voting proxies

are sent to the transfer secretaries at the address set out at the end of this notice, not later than 48 (forty-eight) hours

(excluding Saturdays, Sundays and gazetted South African public holidays) prior to the meeting for administrative

purposes or thereafter to the Company by hand no later than 10:00 on Tuesday, 6 December 2022; alternatively, it may

be handed to the chairman of the meeting immediately prior to the commencement of voting at the meeting as

electronic voting will not be allowed.

84 Integrated Annual Report 2022:

