Letter to Shareholders

Overview

It is difficult to write to shareholders without mentioning Covid-19 as it has impacted so many

businesses and lives. Failing to mention the impact of Covid-19 upfront seems disrespectful to the

fallen companies and lost lives. This: letter marks the third year in which Huge has reflected on Covid-

19 and we hope, as we are sure everyone does, that this reporting period marks the end of the Coivd-

19 pandemic. Huge is pleased to report that during the current reporting period, our people, the

executive teams, and our Investee Companies continued to look after each other and our investments.

Huge is encouraged by the results achieved by our five main Investee Companies and their ability to

demonstrate resilience during very trying circumstances. Huge looks forward to seeing real growth in

the net asset value of our Investee Companies as we enter the next financial reporting period. I am

grateful to the Huge team for their continued efforts.

Although the first nine months of 2021 were focused on trying to acquire a stake in Adapt IT, we were

unable to acquire a meaningful shareholding and the 2.61 million shares that were acquired were

subsequently sold in August 2021. For the remainder of 2021, the executive team focused on other

investment opportunities and with continued stakeholder support, Huge intends to expand its

portfolio of Investee Companies. I am pleased to announce that Huge was able to close the first of

these opportunities with an investment in Glovent Solutions. This investment provides Huge with

exposure to an exciting global growth opportunity operating in fintech, software, and xTech. There

have been several other opportunities identified that are close to closing and Huge looks forward to

future growth with these investments.

Investment Philosophy and Strategy

At our annual strategy conference in February 2021, the Board decided that it would no longer focus

on acquiring companies in an effort to consolidate them but would rather make investments in entities

with capable founders and management teams that are looking for an investment holding company

to support them in the growth of their organisations. The Board also decided to diversify its portfolio

by investing in connectivity, software, cloud, and xTech opportunities. Huge believes it has the right

team and experience to identify, acquire, and add value to these investments and we seek to invest in

entities where we see growth potential in earnings, cash flow generation, increased dividend yields,

and increased valuations. Although Huge prefers “brownfield” investments which are stable, generate

cash, and are growing, we will consider “greenfield” opportunities where we identify exceptional

management teams who can mitigate the risks and increase the rewards. Our recent Glovent

investment is in line with our new Investment Philosophy and Strategy.

letter, set out on

pages 8 to 12, seeks to address those factors which could have a significant impact on Huge’s

ability to deliver its strategic objectives.

Assurance

The content of the Integrated Report has been reviewed by the Board and management but

has not been subject to independent assurance. The Consolidated and Separate Annual

Financial Statements have been assured by Huge’s independent auditor, Moore Johannesburg

Incorporated.

Forward-looking statements

The Integrated Report includes forward-looking statements which relate to the possible future

financial position and results of Huge. These statements by their nature involve risk and

uncertainty as they relate to events and depend on circumstances which may or may not occur:

Managing director

approval

Risks are classified in a risk register. Each risk is considered and ranked in terms of its

likelihood and impact by attributing an inherent risk score to each risk. Risk mitigation

measures are considered and agreed upon, and the residual likelihood and residual

impact are considered, resulting in a residual risk rating that is acceptable and approved

by the Board.

Sound risk management provides a managed and controlled platform from which Huge

is able to achieve its strategic objectives.

RISK

MANAGEMENT

PROCESS

Continuous monitoring of

risk controls to determine

their relative effectiveness in

reducing risks to the delivery

of our growth strategy

Extensive processes to

identify strategic and

operational risks which may

effect the delivery of our

growth strategy.

Risks are

assessed and

measured to

determine their

likelihood and

potential impact

on our growth

strategy.

The financial

cost of applying

the risk controls

are assessed as

part of the risk

management

process.

Controls are implemented to

reduce risks to the delivery

of our growth strategy:

Managing Director of Huge Telecom, is a prescribed officer of the Company.

2

SJ Morony was appointed on 8 June 2020 as Commercial Director of Huge Telecom and is a prescribed officer of the

Company.

3

K Sinclair, in his capacity as: Managing

Director's report, the parties to the ConnectNet transaction agreed to establish an incentive trust in FY2019 in the form of the Trust Deed and the Relevant Shareholders agreed to transfer

for no consideration (in other words, the Relevant Shareholders agreed to donate) to the trust a portion of the Repurchase Consideration, being cash of R1.2 million (Donated Cash) and 1 466 667 Huge Shares (the

Donation Shares). The 1 466 667 Huge Shares were distributed to the CI Trust at a share price of R9.048 per share. During FY2019, 260 640 Shares were distributed out of the CI Trust to share beneficiaries resulting in

a net number of Shares in the CI Trust as at FY2019 of 1 206 027. The Shares distributed out of the CI Trust were distributed at the R9.048 per share. The total impact on the share premium relating to this transaction in

FY2019 amounted to R10 912 132. An amount of R12 374 579 was raised in FY2019. This immaterial prior period error was identified during the current reporting period and corrected accordingly.:

Managing Director of Huge Telecom, is a prescribed officer of the Company.

2.

SJ Morony, in his capacity as Commercial Director of Huge Telecom, is a prescribed officer of the Company.

3.

K Sinclair, in his capacity as: Managing

letter of representation.

Shareholders who wish to participate in the AGM by way of the electronic communication platform are

required to contact TMS at JSE Limited, One Exchange Square, 2 Gwen Lane, Sandown,

Johannesburg, PO Box 62043, Marshalltown, 2107, or proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za, as soon as

practically possible, but by no later than 11:00 on Monday, 8 August 2022.

Shareholders will be liable for their own network charges in relation to electronic participation in and/or

voting at the AGM. Any such charges will not be for the account of the JSE, Huge nor TMS. Neither

the JSE, Huge nor TMS can be held accountable in the case of a loss of network connectivity or other

network failure due to insufficient airtime, internet connectivity, internet bandwidth and/or power

outages which prevents any such shareholder from participating in and/or voting at the AGM.:

letter of representation to

do so.

•

every shareholder present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote shall be

entitled to that proportion of the total votes in the Company which the aggregate amount of the

nominal value of the shares held by such shareholder bears to the aggregate amount of the

nominal value of all shares issued by the Company.

NOTE

In order for an ordinary resolution to be adopted it must be supported by more than 50% (fifty percent)

of the voting rights exercised in respect of the resolution, unless otherwise specified.

In order for a special resolution to be adopted it must be supported by at least 75% (seventy-five

percent) of the voting rights exercised in respect of the resolution.

When reading the resolutions, please refer to the explanatory notes in respect thereof.:

letter of representation in terms of the custody agreement

entered into between the beneficial owner and the CSDP or broker.

3.

Shareholders are requested to lodge this form of proxy with the Company’s meeting scrutineers, The Meeting Specialist

Proprietary Limited, JSE Limited, One Exchange Square, 2 Gwen Lane, Sandown, Johannesburg, P O Box 62043,

Marshalltown, 2107, or proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za, by not later than 11:00 on Monday, 8 August 2022. If shareholders who

have not dematerialised their shares or who have dematerialised their shares with “own name” registration and who are

entitled to attend, participate in and vote at the AGM do not deliver the form of proxy to the meeting scrutineers by the

relevant time, such shareholders will nevertheless be entitled to lodge the form of proxy in respect of the AGM immediately

prior to the proxy exercising such shareholder’s rights as a shareholder at the AGM, in accordance with the instructions

therein, with the Chairperson of the AGM.

4.

This form of proxy shall apply to all the shares registered in the name of shareholders at the record date unless a lesser

number of shares is inserted.

5.

A shareholder may appoint one person as the proxy by inserting the name of such proxy in the space provided. Any such

proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company. If the name of the proxy is not inserted, the Chairperson of the AGM

will be appointed as proxy. If more than one name is inserted, then the person whose name appears first on the form of

proxy and who is present at the AGM will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of any persons whose names follow.

The proxy appointed in the form of proxy may delegate the authority given to him/her in the form of proxy by delivering

to the Company, in the manner required by these instructions, a further form of proxy which has been completed in a

manner consistent with the authority given to the proxy of the form of proxy.

6.

Unless revoked, the appointment of proxy in terms of the form of proxy remains valid until the end of the AGM even if such

meeting or a part thereof is postponed or adjourned.

7.

If:

7.1. a shareholder does not indicate on this instrument that the proxy is to vote in favour of or against or to abstain from

voting on any resolution; or

7.2. the shareholder gives contrary instructions in relation to any matter; or

7.3. any additional resolution/s which are properly put before the AGM; or

7.4. any resolution listed in the form of proxy is modified or amended, the proxy shall be entitled to vote or abstain from

voting, as he/she thinks fit, in relation to that resolution or matter. If, however, the shareholder has provided further

written instructions which accompany this form of proxy and which indicate how the proxy should vote or abstain

from voting in any of the circumstances referred to in 7.1 to 7.4, then the proxy shall comply with those instructions.

8.

If the form of proxy is signed by a person (signatory) on behalf of the shareholder, whether in terms of a power of attorney

or otherwise, then the form of proxy will not be effective unless:

8.1. it is accompanied by a certified copy of the authority given by the shareholder to the signatory; or

8.2. the Company has already received a certified copy of that authority.

9.

Any alterations made to the form of proxy must be initialled by the authorised signatory/ies.

10. The form of proxy is revoked if the shareholder who granted the proxy:

10.1. delivers a copy of the revocation instrument to the Company and to the proxy or proxies concerned, so that it is

received by the Company prior to the proxy exercising such shareholder’s rights as a shareholder at the AGM, in

accordance with the instructions therein, with the Chairperson of the AGM; or

10.2. appoints a later, inconsistent appointment of proxy for the AGM; or

10.3. attends the AGM in person.

11. If duly authorised, companies and other corporate bodies who are shareholders of the Company having shares registered

in their own name may, instead of completing the form of proxy, appoint a representative to represent them and exercise

all of their rights at the AGM by giving written notice of the appointment of that representative. This notice should be

received by the Company’s meeting scrutineers, The Meeting Specialist Proprietary Limited, JSE Limited, One Exchange:

