letter of representation given

by the shareholder if the shareholder is a company or juristic

person, and certified copies of identity documents or passports

of the persons who passed the resolution.

• A valid email address and/or mobile phone number.

• An indication that you or your proxy not only wish to attend the

meeting by means of electronic communication, but also to

participate and vote by means of electronic communication.

Such participants, who have complied with the notice requirement

above, will be contacted between Thursday, 18 August 2022 and

Tuesday, 23 August 2022, via email/mobile phone and will be

provided with the relevant connection details as well as the

passcodes through which you or your proxy(ies) can participate at

the virtual annual general meeting via electronic communication

and will be advised of the process for participation via a unique

link to the email/mobile phone number provided in the notification.

Shareholders who are fully verified (as required under the Act and

outlined above) and subsequently registered at the

commencement of the virtual annual general meeting will be able

to participate in and/or vote by electronic communication.

Should you wish to participate by way of electronic

communication, you will be required to connect using the details

provided by TMS on behalf of the company by no later than 15

minutes prior to the commencement of the virtual annual general

meeting during which time registration will take place.

If you choose to participate, you will be able to view a live

webcast of the virtual annual general meeting, and ask directors

questions and submit your votes in real time.

For administrative purposes, and to participate and vote,

completed notices for electronic participation must be received by

TMS via email at proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za before 14:00 (SAST)

on Tuesday, 23 August 2022.

Important dates

The board of directors of the company has determined, in

accordance with section 59(1)(a) and (b) of the Act, the following

important dates:

Event

Date

Record date for receipt of notice purposes

Friday, 17 June 2022

Notice of meeting distributed to shareholders

Monday, 27 June 2022

Last date to trade to be eligible to vote

Tuesday, 16 August 2022

Record date for voting purposes

Friday, 19 August 2022

For administration purposes, forms of proxy

to be lodged by 14:00

Tuesday, 23 August 2022

Meeting to be held at 14:00

Thursday, 25 August 2022

Results of meeting released on SENS

Thursday, 25 August 2022

Record date, attendance and voting

The record date for the virtual annual general meeting (being the

date used to determine which shareholders are entitled to

participate in and vote at the virtual annual general meeting) is

Friday, 19 August 2022. Votes at the annual general meeting will

be taken by way of a poll and not on a show of hands.

A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the virtual annual

general meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend,

participate in and vote at the virtual annual general meeting in

their place. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the company.

Before any person may attend or participate in a shareholders’

meeting, they must present reasonably satisfactory identification

and the person presiding at the virtual annual general meeting

must be reasonably satisfied that the right of that person to

participate and vote, either as a shareholder or as proxy for a

shareholder, has been reasonably verified. Forms of identification

include a valid identity document, driver’s licence and passport.

A form of proxy, which includes the relevant instructions for its

completion and lodgement with TMS, is attached for the use of

holders of certificated shares and ‘own name’ dematerialised

shareholders who wish to be represented at the virtual annual

general meeting. Completing a form of proxy will not preclude

that shareholder from attending and voting (in preference to their

proxy) at the annual general meeting.

Notice of virtual annual general meeting

190

Group overview

Sustainability review

Performance review

Governance

Financial statements

Other information

Naspers integrated annual report 2022:

