letter or by electronic means of communication at least 42 days

prior to the day of the relevant meeting. Shareholders who wish to

exercise the rights attached to their shares in respect of a

shareholders’ meeting are required to register for such meeting.

Shareholders may attend a meeting in person, vote by proxy (via

an independent third party) or grant a power of attorney to a third

party to attend the meeting and vote on their behalf.

Pursuant to Dutch law, the record date for the exercise of voting

rights and rights relating to shareholders’ meetings is set at the

28th day prior to the day of the relevant meeting. Shareholders

registered on such date are entitled to attend the meeting and to

exercise the other shareholder rights (at the relevant meeting),

notwithstanding any subsequent sale of their shares after the

record date.

The 2022 annual general meeting of Prosus shall be held on

24 August 2022. As questions asked tend to focus on business-

related matters, governance and the remit of our board

committees, the chair, chief executive and the chief financial

officer and the chairs of our board committees shall attend the

annual general meeting. In accordance with provision 4.1.8 of the

Dutch Corporate Governance Code, we also require all directors

up for re-election to (virtually) attend the annual general meeting.

The external auditor is welcomed to the annual general meeting

and is entitled to address the meeting.

Further information can be found in the notice of annual general

meeting, available on our website.

Amendment to articles of association

At the annual general meeting of Prosus, a resolution may be

passed to amend the articles of association of Prosus, but only on

a proposal from the board.

A resolution made at the annual general meeting amending the

articles of association of Prosus such that rights attributable to

ordinary shares A or ordinary shares N are adversely affected, is

subject to approval by holders of the relevant class of shares.

The resolution can be adopted by an absolute majority of votes

cast, until the ownership of Prosus shares by Naspers falls below

50%. Then, a resolution made at the annual general meeting

amending the articles of association requires a majority of at least

75% of the votes that may be cast at the annual general meeting.

More detailed information can be found in Prosus’s articles of

association at www.prosus.com.

Group structure continued

94

Prosus annual report 2022

Group overview

Sustainability review

Performance review

Governance

Financial statements

Other information:

letter individually provided that it shall not exceed 10 years.

3 At the Naspers annual general meeting held on 25 August 2017 a resolution was adopted by shareholders whereby the vesting period for options granted after 25 August 2017 would be

one quarter vesting after years one, two, three and four. Options granted before 25 August 2017 vest over three, four and five years respectively. In addition, at the Naspers annual general

meeting in August 2020 shareholders approved that up to 5% of the issued capital of Naspers may be granted in the Naspers RSU.

4 The Naspers Restricted Stock Plan Trust may issue no more than 200 000 RSU awards in aggregate during any one financial year. The number of PSUs that may be offered is at the discretion

of the board.

5 Awards are automatically settled with participants on the vesting date.

6 For these schemes all offers made from 1 April 2018 vest over one, two, three and four years. All offers preceding this date vest over one, two, three, four and five years.

7 No more than 5% of the issued capital of Prosus N.V. may be granted in the Prosus RSU/PSU/Option plans

8 Prior to September 2020 all options granted, one fifth vests after years one, two, three, four and five.

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities continued

216

Prosus annual report 2022

Group overview

Sustainability review

Performance review

Governance

Financial statements

Other information:

