letter issued by the regulator

in February 2022. Separately, with respect to the new decree

our industry association, the Fédération des Entreprises du

Congo, is engaging with the government and regulator.

Trust and transparency around data consumption

STAKEHOLDERS

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND ASSOCIATED OPPORTUNITIES

5

3

STRATEGIC PILLARS

05 10

MATERIAL MATTERS

03

Context and key developments

Our customers remain concerned about data usage and the lack of

clarity around data consumption. However, as the speed of our

networks increases, so does time spent on the internet and social

media. This, along with downloading high-definition videos, leads to

higher mobile data usage, which has resulted in the perception

among customers that data is disappearing.

Our response

z Operated honestly with integrity and maintained robust ethics.

z Continued to provide exceptional experiences for our

customers.

z Maintained transparency around pricing and personalised

solutions.

z Provided customers with a comprehensive breakdown of data

usage through our Detailed Data Usage solution.

Introduction

Our performance

Our governance

Our business

Administration:

Managing director:

South Africa (outgoing)

Appointed in

September 2020.

Diego Gutierrez

(46)

Chief Officer:

International Business

Appointed in

August 2017.

Mariam Cassim

(40)

Chief Officer: Vodacom

Financial Services and

Digital Lifestyle Services

Appointed in June 2019.

Sitholizwe

Mdlalose (42): Managing director:

South Africa (incoming)

Effective 1 July 2022.

Mohamed Shameel

Aziz Joosub (51)

CEO

Appointed in

September 2012.

Stephen Chege

(47)

Chief Officer:

External Affairs

Appointed in

November 2021.

Peter Ndegwa

(53)

CEO, Safaricom

Appointed in

August 2020.

Dejan Kastelic

(45)

Chief Technology Officer

Appointed in May 2020.

Raisibe Morathi

(52)

CFO

Appointed in

November 2020.

ExCo

Ethnic diversity

Black

80%

White

20%

Age

40-49

50-59

4

6

10 years +

1

0 to 3 years

4 to 10 years

6

3

Tenure

Gender

Male

Female

20%

80%

South African

Non-South African

Nationality

5

5

Introduction

Our business

Our strategy

Our performance

Administration

Letter from the

Remuneration

Committee Chairman

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the FY2022 remuneration

report for the Vodacom Group. This report includes our remuneration philosophy

and policy for executive and non-executive directors (NEDs) and provides a

description of how the policy has been implemented. It also discloses payments

made to non-executive and executive directors during the year.

Phuthi Mahanyele-Dabengwa: Dear shareholders

z We noted that institutional investors strongly

encourage the application of company

performance conditions to 100% of LTI awards to

executive directors. Although 100% of the CEO’s

awards have performance conditions, currently

only 50% of the CFO’s awards are subject to

performance conditions. Following consultation

with our CFO, she has agreed that 100% of her

awards granted in FY2023 onwards will be

subject to performance conditions.

z We are aware that the use of forfeitable shares

to implement performance awards, where

dividends are received on the “stretch” portion of

the award before it vests, is no longer viewed as

best practice. We have therefore updated our

share plan so that dividends on the “stretch”

portion are only settled if and to the extent that

performance above stretch is achieved.

The global focus on sustainability and its

role relating to remuneration has increased

significantly over the year and we are pleased

that our decision to include ESG measures in our

LTI performance conditions is well aligned with

this gathering trend. We carefully selected these

measures to align with our purpose pillars and also

enhanced our disclosure of performance measures

this year. We provided specific, stretching and

measurable targets for GHG reduction, women in

management and financial services customers.

Together with other leading companies in the

world, we have learned to live with the continued

challenge of the COVID-19 pandemic. The only

significant adaptation we implemented last year

was to drop the service revenue condition used

in our short-term incentive (STI) and reweight

the other conditions. However, we have

re-introduced service revenue into the

performance conditions that govern the STIs,

and the four conditions of service revenue,

earnings before interest and tax (EBIT), operating

cash flow and customer appreciation will be

equally weighted for the FY2023 STI. Otherwise,

we have again been able to provide competitive

salary increases, award STIs and provide for the

vesting of LTI awards.

Although we again enjoyed great support from

shareholders in terms of the high voting

percentages on our FY2021 remuneration policy

and implementation report, we have continued

to enhance and monitor institutional investor

and other stakeholder requirements. We have

also proactively addressed the following matters

in the spirit of continued improvement and

governance excellence:

We are acutely conscious of issues of pay

fairness and equity and have noted the proposals

in the draft Companies Amendment Bill

circulated for public comment in October 2021,

which proposed the publication of statistics

regarding the pay of the highest and lowest paid

employees, as well as the publication of an

overall pay gap measure determined as the

average total remuneration of the top 5% paid

employees compared with that of the lowest 5%.

We also noted ongoing discussion and research

on other ratios, such as the Gini coefficient, the

Palma ratio and other descriptive statistics. We

are continuing to monitor this dialogue and will

disclose the required statutory pay gap statistics

when this is determined.

While the debate regarding the disclosure of

the “vertical pay gap” between the highest and

lowest paid in the company is still ongoing, we

have been monitoring the “horizontal pay gap”

between the pay of colleagues delivering equal

value of work for some time, as discussed in

more detail in the remuneration policy section

on the pages that follow, and intervene promptly

to address any anomalies that arise.

Together with these enhancements to keep pace

with best practice, RemCo is satisfied that our

current remuneration policy remains relevant

and fit for purpose. We are committed

to maintaining a strong relationship with

our shareholders, built on trust and a clear

understanding of our remuneration policy and

the practices that have been implemented.

Phuthi Mahanyele-Dabengwa

RemCo

managing director and its local RemCo – makes the

final decision on the business’s key remuneration matters.

RemCo’s key decisions

RemCo held three meetings in FY2022, during which the following key

decisions were made:

z Approved the annual increase budget for executives, senior

management and employees as informed by external benchmarking.

z Approved individual increases for the ExCo.

z Reviewed the metrics of the variable short-term incentive (STI) plan

and the variable long-term incentive (LTI) plan, making changes

where appropriate.

z Approved STIs for executives, senior management and employees.

z Evaluated the LTI vesting conditions for the FY2019 awards and approved

the final vesting percentages.

z Recommended increases in NED fees to the Board for

shareholder approval.

Reinstating STI structure

Due to the uncertainty caused by COVID-19, service revenue was

temporarily removed as a metric from the STI in FY2021. However,

considering the improvements to general economic conditions and the

importance of this measure in driving our strategy, it was reinstated during

the year. Currently, our STI includes three financial measures focusing on

our business’s core operations and one customer satisfaction measure.

Shareholder voting

At the Group’s AGM in July 2022, shareholders will vote on:

z A binding vote on NED fees;

z An advisory non-binding vote on the remuneration policy; and

z An advisory non-binding vote on the implementation report.

Details can be found in the notice of AGM, available online at www.vodacom.com.

Should either non-binding vote receive 25% or more votes against it:

z We will invite shareholders to engage with Vodacom regarding their

dissatisfaction through collective and/or individual engagements to

discuss and record their concerns and objections.

z RemCo will deliberate the concerns and provide shareholders with a

formal response articulating the concerns raised and the changes we will

implement in response, along with detailed responses to concerns where

Vodacom, despite shareholder feedback, believes its current policy and/

or implementation is adequate.

Results of shareholder voting at the most recent AGMs are indicated below:

FY2021

FY2020

FY2019

NED fees

98.70%

99.96%

99.76%

Approval of the remuneration policy

97.43%

98.89%

98.91%

Implementation of the remuneration

policy

98.33%

98.86%

98.91%

Looking ahead

RemCo constantly assesses executive remuneration trends and governance

frameworks and, in FY2023, will focus on:

z STI measures;

z LTI performance conditions;

z Reward related to the acquisition of Vodafone Egypt; and

z Fair and responsible pay.

RemCo’s role and responsibilities

RemCo assists the Board to discharge its responsibilities by:

z Monitoring salary movements for senior leadership team and

ensuring that remuneration practices keep pace with the market.

z Setting the parameters for both short and long term incentives and

monitoring and approving the achievement thereof.

z Determining and agreeing on the remuneration and overall

compensation package for Vodacom’s CEO, CFO and other executive

directors appointed to the Board, as well as Vodacom ExCo members1.

z Determining, agreeing and developing the Group’s overall policy

on remuneration in line with the requirements of applicable laws,

JSE Listings Requirements and King IV to give effect to the Board’s

direction on fair, responsible and transparent remuneration.

z Overseeing the implementation and execution of the Group’s

remuneration policy to achieve its objectives.

z Reviewing and recommending to the Board the criteria necessary

to measure the performance of executive management in

discharging its functions and responsibilities.

z Ensuring remuneration is disclosed in an annual remuneration

report.

z Reviewing the fairness and reasonableness of executive

remuneration in the context of overall employee remuneration,

making recommendations on how this should be addressed and

disclosed in the annual remuneration report.

z Developing, implementing and disclosing a remuneration

philosophy to enable a reasonable assessment of reward practices

and governance process by stakeholders.

z Considering other special benefits or arrangements of a

substantive financial nature.

z Reviewing the relevant human resources policies in terms of the

delegation of authority.

z Ensuring compliance with applicable laws and codes, including

King IV and the JSE Listings Requirements.

z Appointing external remuneration consultants from time to time.

z Ensuring the remuneration policy and implementation report are

put to a non-binding advisory vote at the company’s AGM in

accordance with the JSE Listings Requirements.

z Reviewing and setting the direction for the Group’s engagement

with investors in the event Vodacom does not achieve the required

number of votes on the non-binding advisory resolutions tabled at

its AGM for either of the remuneration policy or implementation

report, or both, and ensuring the Group’s remuneration policy

details the steps the Board will take in such circumstances to

engage with investors.

z Determining and recommending to the Board the level of NEDs’

fees to be proposed to the Group’s shareholders for approval.

Our remuneration policy

Market competitive

The pay of our people is

reflective of their skills, roles

and functions, and the

external market.

We annually review the pay of

each employee and actively

manage any who fall below

the market competitive range.

Share in our

successes

All our people should have

the opportunity to share in

our successes by being

eligible to receive some form

of performance-related pay,

e.g. a bonus, shares or a sales

incentive.

Free from discrimination

Pay should not be affected by

gender, age, disability, gender

identity and expression, sexual

orientation, race, ethnicity,

cultural heritage or belief.

We annually compare the average

position of our men and women

against their market benchmark,

grade and function to identify and

understand any differences, and

take action if necessary.

Provide benefits for all

Our global standard is to offer

all our people life insurance,

parental leave and access to

either company or state-provided

healthcare and pension

provision.

Provide a good

standard of living

We work with an independent

organisation, the Fair Wage

Network, to assess how our

pay compares to the “living

wage” in each of our markets,

because we are committed to

providing a good standard of

living for our people and

their families.

Open and transparent

We ensure our people understand

their pay. We do this through a

series of user-friendly guides,

web pages and an annual reward

statement, which help explain our

employees’ pay and outline the

value of their core reward package.

In addition, they also receive

monthly or weekly payslips and a

payment schedule.

01

04

02

05

03

06

Fair-pay principles

Our remuneration

approach is guided by

the following principles:

Dynamic approach to ensure

competitive pay

We regularly review our approach to reward and

remuneration to ensure it aligns with Vodacom’s

purpose, market trends and the legislative and

regulatory environment of the countries in which

we operate. We are committed to competitive

remuneration and undertake localised

benchmarking of guaranteed pay (GP) and target

total cash (guaranteed pay plus STI) at least

every second year. We strive to set remuneration

trends, with the implementation of our

employee life-cover proposition in Vodacom

DRC, a new development for the market.

Pay for strategy execution

We structure remuneration around the execution

of our strategy, which is measured by

performance objectives. We pay for performance,

and the different components of our reward

structures recognise, support and reward both

collective and individual performance. We

employ a robust performance management

system to implement incentives (page 106), with

certain employee categories eligible to receive

additional share allocations driven by top

performance. High-performing employees who

display the Spirit behaviours can receive

immediate cash awards through the Vodafone

Stars recognition programme. As part of the

company’s Talent Management process, if an

employee is identified as Top Talent, which is

determined by the employee’s potential to take

on bigger and more complex roles, they form

part of certain categories of employees eligible

to receive an additional share allocation.

Relevant and sustainable

We manage the total cost of employment and

ensure the benefits provided are relevant,

affordable and sustainable. We also apply malus

and clawback provisions to disincentivise

inappropriate behaviour.

Communication

We are committed to providing transparent and

understandable information regarding our reward

programmes, policies and processes to

employees. We provide clear and effective

communication of the total reward package

offered to ensure our employees understand

what they receive, why, when they receive it and

how their performance can influence the value

of what they receive.

Fair and responsible remuneration

Our Total Reward framework is underpinned by

our commitment to Fair Pay. It encourages and

rewards our Spirit, which is essential for our

digital transformation. Vodacom seeks to eliminate discrimination in our remuneration – whether

direct or indirect based on race, sex, gender or disability – by applying the principle of equal

remuneration for work of equal value. We pay competitive salaries, rewarding individuals based on their

skills, experience and external market positioning.

We review our internal pay ranges annually and

apply them consistently throughout the

organisation. Our OpCos conduct an annual

fair-pay analysis to identify any possible instances

in which pay that requires attention and remedial

action is implemented. The fair-pay analysis

focuses on the elements above.

As a result of this analysis, we believe our reward

decisions are based on merit and do not

discriminate based on gender, race, religion or

belief, disability, age, sexual orientation, or

gender identity and expression.

Benchmarking

Consistent with our remuneration policy, our

employees’ remuneration is informed by

benchmarking. Key inputs in determining

remuneration include:

z The Willis Towers Watson Global Grading System.

z Job-specific competence and skills, along with

the marketability and scarcity of these skills.

z Industry knowledge and experience.

z Contribution to achieving the Group’s strategy.

For executive remuneration, we consider the

following additional inputs for benchmarking

purposes:

z Outcomes of the Remchannel and Mercer Top

Executive surveys.

z Peer group data from the JSE telecommunications

sector and other listed companies of similar

market capitalisation and revenue.

In Vodacom, benchmarking for executive directors

is done for all elements of remuneration – GP,

target STI and target LTI – and we target the 75th

percentile of the market for total target cash,

which is GP plus STI. For our CEO and CFO, RemCo

follows a similar approach to the executive cohort,

benchmarking pay to industry-specific

comparators, information disclosed by our peer

group and Mercer’s executive remuneration survey.

1. For the purposes of the responsibility of RemCo, the Vodacom ExCo does not include Safaricom, which is not a subsidiary of the Group and is subject to the oversight of its own Board

and RemCo.

Introduction

Our business

Our strategy

Our performance

Administration:

