letter of authority. If shareholders who have not

dematerialised their shares or who have dematerialised their shares with own-name registration and who are entitled to attend

and vote at the Annual General Meeting do not deliver proxy forms to the transfer secretaries timeously, such shareholders will

nevertheless at any time prior to the commencement of the voting on the resolutions at the Annual General Meeting be entitled

to lodge the form of proxy in respect of the Annual General, in accordance with the instructions therein with the Chairman of

the Annual General Meeting.

Each shareholder is entitled to appoint one or more proxies (who need not be shareholders of AfroCentric) to attend, speak and

vote in his/her stead. On a show of hands every shareholder who is present in person or by proxy shall have one vote, and, on

a poll, every shareholder present in person or by proxy shall have one vote for each share held by him/her.

AfroCentric does not accept responsibility and will not be held liable for any failure on the part of a (Central Securities Depository

Participant) CSDP or broker to notify such AfroCentric shareholder of the Annual General Meeting.

By order of the Board

Billy Mokale

Group Company Secretary

Roodepoort

9 October 2020:

letter of representation to do so

or provide the broker or CSDP timeously with their voting instructions should they not wish to attend the Annual General

Meeting in order for the broker or CSDP to vote in accordance with their instructions at the Annual General Meeting.

I/We (FULL NAMES IN BLOCK LETTERS PLEASE)

of (address) (BLOCK LETTERS PLEASE)

Telephone no: (WORK) (area code)

Cell phone no:

Telephone no: (HOME) (area code)

E-mail address:

being the holder/s of

shares hereby appoint

1.

or failing him/her

2.

or failing him/her

3. the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting

as my/our proxy to act for me/us on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with the following instructions (see note 2):

For

Against Abstain

Ordinary Resolutions

1.

Election of Directors

1.1

Mr JB Fernandes

1.2

Ms AM le Roux

1.3

Ms M Chauke

1.4

Mr JJ Strydom

2.

Re-election of Directors

2.1

Mr JB Fernandes

2.2

Prof SA Zinn

2.3

Mr MJ Madungandaba

3.

Appointment of Chairman and Members to the Audit & Risk

Committee

3.1

Mr JB Fernandes (Chairperson)

3.2

Ms AM le Roux

3.3

Ms M Chauke

4.

Re-appointment of independent external auditor

5.

General Authority to Issue Shares for cash

6.

Approval of the Remuneration Policy

7.

Approval of the Remuneration Implementation Report

8.

Authority of Directors and/or Company Secretary

Special Resolutions

1.

Approval of Non-executive Directors fees

2.

General authority to repurchase shares

3.

Financial assistance to a related or inter-related company or

companies

4.

Financial assistance for subscription of shares to related or

inter-related companies

*

One vote per share held by shareholders on the voting record date.

AfroCentric Investment Corporation Limited

(Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)

(Registration number: 1988/000570/06)

JSE Share code: ACT

ISIN: ZAE 000078416

(AfroCentric or the Company)

37 Conrad Street, Florida North, Roodepoort, 1709

PO Box 1101, Florida Glen 1708

Telephone: +27 (11) 671 2000

Website: www.afrocentric.za.com:

