letter to stakeholders

Chief executive officer’s report

Chief financial officer’s report

SUMMARISED GROUP ANNUAL

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OPERATIONAL REVIEWS

Consumer Health (SA)

Sun Wave Pharma

Pharma (SA)

Remedica

Farmalider

Medical

Animal Health

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Corporate governance report

Board of directors

Remuneration report

Social, ethics and transformation

committee report

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

Shareholder analysis

Shareholders’ diary

Corporate information

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020:

Dear Stakeholders

As we reflect on a year like no other

following the outbreak of the

devastating global Covid-19 pandemic,

I also report to stakeholders on a year

which in many ways was a watershed

for Ascendis Health.

The group’s response to the Covid-19 state of disaster and

national lockdown in South Africa was swift and decisive.

A senior management Covid-19 response team implemented

business continuity plans across the group, and immediately

enforced a work from home policy to ensure the safety and

welfare of staff.

Ascendis Health was well placed through several of its

businesses to respond to the health and wellness needs of

customers while also providing lifesaving hospital equipment

including ventilators and respirators.

The pandemic has brought on widespread financial and

human suffering and we extend our thoughts to those who

have lost loved ones to Covid-19, and others who have

endured hardship during this time.

We acknowledged the humanitarian nature of the crisis

and provided aid to multiple causes across several of our

businesses. Some examples were the donations of vitamins,

supplements and food products to nursing homes and the

ambulance service in Hungary, chloroquine and respirators

to the ministry of health in Cyprus, and in South Africa

immunity boosting products to homes for the aged in

disadvantaged communities, and the manufacturing of hand

sanitisers for the department of minerals and energy.

CHAIRMAN’S: LETTER TO

STAKEHOLDERS

While 2020 has been a challenging year for Ascendis Health,

a great deal has been achieved which is not yet reflected in

the group’s financial results. We were particularly pleased

to attract an executive of Mark Sardi’s calibre as CEO in

October 2019 and it did not take him long to demonstrate

his leadership ability. A three-pillar strategy was developed to

address the group’s high debt levels and restore the stability

of the balance sheet, refinance debt and accelerate the

disposal of our non-core assets.

The successful debt restructuring agreement with the lender

consortium in June 2020 was a milestone achievement

for the group as it effectively allows us 18 months until

December 2021 to complete the asset disposal programme,

without being restricted to making any debt payments in

the interim. I echo Mark Sardi’s comments in his report in

thanking the consortium for their engaging approach during

the refinancing negotiations and for the trust and confidence

they have shown in our management team. Further details

on the refinancing and new debt funding are included in the

CEO’s report which follows, together with an overview of the

progress on the asset disposal programme.

On the financial performance, revenue increased by 19%,

normalised EBITDA by 58% and normalised operating profit

LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS (CONTINUED)

Andrew Marshall

Chairman

27 October 2020:

managing director of investment

banking at Nedbank Capital, CFO of Truworths International, deputy CEO at Cipla SA and CEO

of the House of Busby.

Mary Bomela (47)

B Com (Hons), CA (SA), MBA

Independent non-executive director

Chairman of social, ethics and transformation committee, and member of audit and risk committee

Appointed to the board in 2016

Mary is the CEO of the Mineworkers Investment Company and has held senior executive

positions across the resources, media, utilities and financial services sectors. She is a director

of FirstRand Group, Primedia, Metrofile Holdings and Kumba Iron Ore. Mary resigned as an

independent non-executive director of the board with effect from 31 October 2020.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Bharti Harie (50)

BA, LLB, LLM

Lead independent non-executive director

Chairman of audit and risk committee

Appointed to the board in 2013

Bharti is an admitted attorney, notary and conveyancer. She spent 14 years at the Industrial

Development Corporation of South Africa where she last headed the corporate funding and

international finance departments. She is a director of Bell Equipment Sales SA, Lenmed Health,

Stefanutti Stocks and St David’s Marist Inanda School.:

managing director of

Mergence Investment Managers. Before entering structured finance and principal investing,

she was a clinician in the medical field in South Africa and in the UK. Yoza is a non-executive

director of Northam Platinum and Brait.

Dr Kinesh Pather (55)

BDS (Wits), MBA

Independent non-executive director

Chairman of human capital committee and member of social, ethics and transformation committee

Appointed to the board in 2016

Kinesh is the chairman of Kilimanjaro Capital and a director of Kefolile Health Investments,

Tsiko Africa Group, Tosaco Energy, National Security and Likamva Resources. He had extensive

experience in the trade union investment arena and has been instrumental in several significant

B-BBEE transactions in the health and pharmaceutical, petroleum, mining and services sectors.

George Sebulela (50)

BA (Com)

Independent non-executive director

Member of human capital committee

Appointed to the board in 2018

George is an experienced leader and entrepreneur with many years experience in business

strategy execution and investment banking in South Africa and internationally. He is a director

of Avuke Energy Group, Sanlam Private Wealth and Caprivi Capital. He serves as a committee

member of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Steering Committee of the CEO’s initiative.

Sango Ntsaluba (60)

B Com, B Compt (Hons), H Dip Tax Law, M Com, CA (SA)

Independent non-executive director

Member of audit and risk committee

Appointed to the board in April 2020

Sango was a co-founder of one of the largest auditing firms in South Africa, SNG Grant

Thornton, and has served on the Black Economic Empowerment Commission. He has extensive

experience and leadership in various industries including automotive, financial services, mining

and ICT. He is the executive chairman of NMT Capital and a director of Barloworld, Kumba Iron

Ore, Pioneer Foods and Goldplat.

Kieron Futter (43)

B Com (Hons), H Dip (Auditing), CA (SA)

Executive director and chief financial officer

Appointed to the board in 2015

Kieron has over 20 years’ experience in financial management across a range of industries,

including five years at GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Health Care in the UK and Dubai, five years as

CFO at TransUnion Group Africa and two years as CEO of Nando’s company-owned restaurants

division. Kieron resigned as Ascendis Health CFO from 30 September 2020.:

