Chairman's statement continued

Long-term sustainability

Through the Dis-Chem Foundation, Dis-Chem

has continued to provide care and support

aimed at improving the lives of individuals and

communities in need, with over R25 million

donated during the year.

This ethos of care is also evident in our 4.4 million

active loyalty programme members. Having

received R368 million in benefits in the period,

many have recently added to Dis-Chem’s initial

donation of R2million to the COVID-19 Solidarity

Fund set up by the President by converting their

points to contribute to the fund. Dis-Chem is

matching donations rand for rand.

We also recognise the tremendous contribution

employees are making to continue to provide

an essential service to South Africans. Each Dis-

Chem employee has received a R1,500 food and

healthcare voucher, at a total value of R28 million,

as a token of our gratitude.

The battle against the virus is far from over.

There is a critical need to do whatever we can

to strengthen our health defences in the face

of the inevitable increase in COVID-19 cases.

Doing so while we work to return our economy

to an acceptable level of productivity requires a

behavioural change from all of us. At Dis-Chem,

we have taken heed of the requirement for all

our people to adapt to a new way of working

by adhering to the stringent health, safety, and

hygiene protocols required to combat COVID-19.

Ethics, leadership and

corporate governance

It is the Board’s responsibility to ensure that

Dis-Chem’s growth and development strategy

creates value for our shareholders.

The Board believes that poor corporate

governance ultimately equates to poor business

and that achieving the highest corporate

governance standards is a journey that requires

continued monitoring and improvement.

The Group is committed to achieving the

outcomes-based and holistic approach of

King IV that requires corporate governance

to be integrated into the daily aspects of the

business to achieve the realisation of an ethical

culture, good performance, effective control and

legitimacy.

Prospects

The economic consequences of the pandemic,

along with the likelihood of ongoing load

shedding and an ever-depreciating rand paint

a bleak picture of the growth outlook for South

Africa in the short to medium term.

In the longer term, we believe that the outcome

will be positive for the Group. Under normal

circumstances, we benefit from increased healthy

living awareness, urbanisation, a higher disease

burden and an ageing population.

Ultimately, our exposure to this critical sector

of South Africa’s health, economic and social

eco-system, together with our established and

loyal customer base, remains intact and will

continue to be attractive to current and potential

shareholders.

The virus has emphasised the importance of

personal hygiene and investment in personal

well-being, and in our view will continue to do so.

Dis-Chem owes its strength to the outstanding

efforts of its leadership team and all staff

members who work tirelessly to deliver great

results consistently.

In closing, my fellow board members and I

salute our brave frontline staff – the essential

workers who have continued to deliver excellent

customer service throughout the lockdown, often

under difficult and challenging circumstances.

You have our gratitude and respect.

Larry Nestadt

Chairman:

Managing Director

Co-founder of Dis-Chem

Member of: Social and Ethics

Committee

Background: Lynette is one of

the co-founders of Dis-Chem

with over 40 years of experience

in the retail pharmacy industry.

She is also the founder and

director of The Dis-Chem

Foundation and heads up the

Beauty category as well as

marketing for the Group.

Rui Manuel

Morais (36)

BCom, CA(SA)

Appointed to the board in

November 2016

Chief Financial Officer

Executive director

Background: Rui has over ten

years of experience in the retail

pharmacy industry and has been

with Dis-Chem for nine years.

Before joining Dis-Chem, he had

various senior managerial roles

at Ernst & Young.

Anuschka

Coovadia (43)

MBChB, MAP, MSE

Appointed to the board in

November 2016

Independent non-executive

director

Member of: Audit Committee,

Social and Ethics Committee

(Chairman)

Background: Dr Anuschka is

a partner at Usizo Advisory

Solutions, which is an

independent health advisory

consultancy. She was the former

Head of Healthcare for Africa for

KPMG International, a director

on a healthcare investment

development fund – Ayurveda

Investments and a member of

a global task team on Universal

Health Coverage. She has more

than 15 years of experience in

the health and research industry.

Other boards: Caprisa

Joe

Mthimunye (54)

BCompt (Hons), CTA, CA(SA)

Appointed to the board in

November 2016

Independent non-executive

director

Member of: Audit Committee

(Chairman), Nominations

Committee, Remuneration

Committee

Background: Joe is the co-

founder and executive chairman

of AloeCap, a boutique corporate

finance and investment company.

Before AloeCap he was one of

the founding partners of Gobodo

Inc, the accounting and auditing

practice that is a forerunner to

the newly merged SNG Grant

Thornton.

Other boards: Blue Label

Telecoms, Cell C, Hatfield

Holdings, Interfile, Mining

Pressure Systems.

Mark

Bowman (54)

BCom, MBA

Appointed to the board in

November 2016

Independent non-executive

director

Member of: Audit Committee,

Nominations Committee,

Remuneration Committee

(Chairman)

Background: Mark has over

24 years of experience in the

South African corporate sector.

Other boards: Tiger Brands, MRP,

Grand Parade Investments.

7:

Managing Director

(“MD”) are the most senior decision-making

executives in the Group. Assisted by relevant sub-

committees they deliberate, take decisions or

make recommendations on all matters of strategy

and operations. The decisions are referred to the

Board for final approval where required, while

in other cases the power to take decisions is

delegated to the CEO, CFO and MD.

Responsibilities included in the approved Board

charter include the following:

• Act as the focal point for, and custodian

of, corporate governance by managing

its relationship with management, the

shareholders and other stakeholders of the

Company to build and maintain stakeholders’

trust and confidence in the Company along

with sound corporate governance principles.

In this regard, the Board will be expected to:

o Acquire a working knowledge and

understanding of the Company’s business

and the laws, regulations and processes

that govern its activities;

o Be able to make sound business decisions

and recommendations;

o Exercise judgement independently; and

o Exercise stewardship at all times and

uphold the highest degree of ethics in all

forms of conduct;

• Appreciate that strategy, risk, performance and

sustainability are inseparable and to give effect

to this by:

o Contributing to and approving the strategy;

o Satisfying itself that the strategy and

business plans do not give rise to risks that

have not been thoroughly assessed by

management;

o Identifying key performance and risk areas,

which includes the responsibility of setting

the Company’s level of risk tolerance and

limits for its risk appetite on an annual basis

and monitoring the same accordingly;

o Ensuring that the strategy will result in

sustainable outcomes; and

o Considering sustainability as a business

opportunity that guides strategy

formulation;:

managing director of Baby City and

that their current staff will all be retained. This is

an exciting acquisition which has interested us for

many years; our businesses were built with similar

philosophies, there is a good cultural fit and both

teams recognise the significant synergies that

can be extracted from this transaction, which will

ultimately be of benefit to all stakeholders.

Cash preservation

With much uncertainty about the duration and

impact of the pandemic, and how quickly South

Africa will recover, there has been an intensive

focus on preserving cash. The dividend payment

will therefore be deferred until the next dividend

cycle, once the Group better understands

normalised trading conditions and after it

considers the funding sources for the Baby City

transaction.

We have reduced our capex programme and will

take a cautious approach to new IT investments

over this period. Operating cost reductions

are also being driven by a focus on reducing

unnecessary variable cost spend, suspending

direct marketing expenditure and postponing

the dividend payment, among other initiatives.

There has been a lot said about our rental

payment intentions during this COVID-19 period.

It must be made clear that Dis-Chem, in line with

the market trend and essential services trade,

paid 83% of April rentals, and 100% of all utility

amounts. May rentals were paid in full, in line with

the return to normal trade.

We have strongly rejected allegations by the

Competition Commission that we engaged

in excessive pricing of surgical masks during

February and March 2020. The Group

has presented a legal response and as of

26 June 2020 the matter is still under review.

As such, neither the outcome nor the costs of

the legal proceedings can be determined.

Looking ahead

Despite the devastating impact that will be felt

in most sectors of the economy for the coming

year, with consumers under more pressure than

ever before, we will continue our store footprint

growth strategy with 21 new retail stores planned

for the 2021 financial year.

While the ultimate impact on trade in the 2021

financial year is unknown, our continued focus

on ROIC, our existing cash and expected cash

generation ability, our iconic brand, focused

management team and dedicated employees

provides great comfort that we will adapt quickly

to a new normal, however, that transpires in the

years ahead.

We remain extremely confident about our

offering and will continue our investment in our

distribution centres and retail stores, enabling

us to deliver high quality products, superior

customer service and an ever-improving

shopper experience. An important element

of this success remains our supplier base. Our

Supplier Profitability Model has therefore been

refocused to deliver better efficiencies and

ensure an increased stock turn and logistic fees,

the conversion to cross-docking or flow-through

model from warehousing, while removing

non-profitable suppliers from the distribution

environment.:

managing director

of Baby City following closure of the

Transaction and current staff will be

retained. The Group will pay a purchase

consideration of R430 million upon

closure. The Transaction contains both

a shareholder loan and a net working

capital guarantee which ensures that

Baby City’s position upon closure

resembles the pre-COVID-19 level,

while incremental earnings accrue to

Dis-Chem. The Transaction remains

subject to suspensive conditions,

including approval from competition

authorities.

For the 12 month period to February

2020, Baby City generated revenue of

R855 million. It has continued to trade

well relative to the COVID-19 lock down

environment demonstrating both the

resilient nature of the industry and the

inherent brand equity of the retailer.

The Group's current offering is very

focused on the FMCG and basic

essentials categories which are

extremely sensitive to price and

promotion. In order to both deliver a

destination baby experience to the first

time parent and allow growth into the

more specialised baby categories such

as Baby Gear (prams, car seats, swings,

bouncers and other nursery equipment),

clothing, developmental toys, amongst

other categories, the Group requires

a standalone baby destination store

network whose brand positioning aligns

with its own brand.

The transaction is subject to the

fulfilment of the suspensive conditions

by 31 October 2020.

For additional information, refer to SENS

released on 15 May 2020.

COVID-19

During the lockdown and as required

by the state to ensure that all South

African corporate citizens assist in

flattening the curve, the Group has taken

and continues to take every possible

step to safeguard the wellbeing of its

employees, customers and patients. The

Group has put a number of very strict

protocols in place and will continue to

update these as any new risk is identified

or in accordance to regulatory changes.

The number of staff and employees in

store have been limited in line with social

distancing requirements, all employees

in stores have been issued with masks

which are compulsory to wear and daily

screening of all employees is facilitated

on their arrival to work. As a result of

being in the front line of the pandemic

and assisting the sickly – there have

been and will continue to be employees

who test positive in our stores. In these

instances Department of Health protocol

is followed prior to the reopening of the

store.

The Group recognises the part its

employees are playing to continue to

provide an essential service to South

Africans. The Group is making every

effort to avoid retrenchments and has

given every Dis-Chem staff member a

R1,500 food and healthcare voucher, at a

total value of R28 million, to demonstrate

its gratitude to their commitment to

the front-line fight against the virus.

Notes to the summarised consolidated results continued:

letter of representation from it; or

alternatively

• if you are unable to participate at the Annual General Meeting but wish to be represented at

the meeting, you must contact your CSDP or broker, as the case may be, and furnish it with

your voting instructions in respect of the Annual General Meeting and/or request your CSDP

to appoint a proxy.

You must not complete the attached form of proxy. The instructions must be provided in

accordance with the mandate between yourself and your CSDP or broker within the time

period required by your CSDP or broker, as the case may be.

CSDPs, brokers or their nominees, as the case may be, recorded in the Company’s

sub-register as holders of dematerialised shares held on behalf of an investor/beneficial owner

in terms of STRATE should, when authorised in terms of their mandate or instructed to do so

by the owner on behalf of whom they hold dematerialised shares in the Company, vote by

either appointing a duly authorised representative to attend and vote at the Annual General

Meeting or by completing the attached form of proxy in accordance with the instructions

thereon and returning it to the registered office of the Company or to the transfer secretaries,

Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited, the details of which are set out on

page139 of the annual report.

By order of the Board

W T Green

Company Secretary

Johannesburg

29 June 2020:

Managing Director

MOI

Memorandum of Incorporation

NHI

National Health Insurance

POPIA

Protection of Personal Information

PwC

PricewaterhouseCoopers

SAHPRA

South African Health Products Regulatory Authority

SAR

Share Appreciation Rights

SDGs

Sustainable Development Goals

SENS

Stock Exchange News Service

SENS

Stock Exchange News Service

SEP

Single Exit Price

STI

Short-term Incentives

TGP

Total Guaranteed Package

TLC

The Local Choice:

