MANAGING DIRECTOR

Brandon Munro

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER & COMPANY SECRETARY

Stephen Herlihy

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Ian Burvill

Clive Jones

Mike Leech

PRINCIPAL & REGISTERED OFFICE

Suite 7, 245 Churchill Avenue

SUBIACO WA 6008

Australia

Telephone: +61 (8) 9381 1436

AUDITORS

Ernst & Young

11 Mounts Bay Road

PERTH WA 6000

Telephone: +61 (8) 9429 2222

Facsimile: +61 (8) 9429 2432

SHARE REGISTRAR

Computershare (Australia)

Level 11

172 St George’s Terrace

PERTH WA 6000

Telephone from within Australia:

1300 850 505

Telephone from outside Australia:

+61 (3) 9415 4000

Facsimile:

+61 (8) 9323 2033

STOCK EXCHANGE LISTINGS

Australian Securities Exchange (ASX Code: BMN)

Namibian Stock Exchange (NSX Code: BMN)

OTC Markets (OTCQX Code: BNNLF):

Letter to Shareholders .......................................................................................................... 1

Board of Directors and Executives ........................................................................................................... 3

Directors’ Report ...................................................................................................................................... 6

Remuneration Report .............................................................................................................................16

Financial Statements ..............................................................................................................................27

Directors’ Declaration ............................................................................................................................62

Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members ....................................................................................63

Additional ASX Information ....................................................................................................................68

ABOUT BANNERMAN ENERGY LTD

About Bannerman - Bannerman Energy Ltd is a uranium development company listed on the Australian and Namibian

stock exchanges and traded on the OTCQX Market in the US. Its flagship asset is the 95% owned Etango Uranium

Project located in the Erongo Region of Namibia. Subsequent to balance date, Bannerman completed the acquisition

of a 41.8% shareholding in Namibia Critical Metals Inc, the developer of the fully permitted Lofdal Heavy Rare Earths

Project, one of the very few development projects outside China that offer substantial future production of

dysprosium and terbium.

Etango has benefited from extensive exploration and feasibility activity since 2006 and boasts a globally large-scale

uranium mineral resource1. A 20Mtpa development at Etango was the subject of a Definitive Feasibility Study (DFS)

completed in 2012 and a DFS Optimisation Study completed in 2015. Bannerman constructed and operated a Heap

Leach Demonstration Plant at Etango, which comprehensively de-risked the acid heap leach process to be utilised on

the Etango ore.

Namibia is a premier uranium investment jurisdiction, with a 45-year history of uranium production and export,

excellent infrastructure and support for uranium mining from both government and community. As the world’s fourth

largest producer of uranium, Namibia is an ideal development jurisdiction boasting political stability, security, a strong

rule of law and an assertive development agenda.

Etango has environmental approvals for the proposed mine and external mine infrastructure, based on a 12-year

environmental baseline. Bannerman has long established itself as an Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

leader in the uranium and nuclear energy sector.

In August 2021, a Pre-Feasibility Study (PFS) was completed on Etango-82. The PFS confirmed that this accelerated,

streamlined project is strongly amenable to development – both technically and economically. A DFS on Etango-8 is

well advanced with expected completion in Q4 CY2022

More information is available on Bannerman’s website at www.bannermanenergy.com.

1 Refer to Section 3 of Bannerman’s ASX release dated 2 August 2021, Etango-8 Project Pre-Feasibility Study. Bannerman confirms that it is not

aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in that release. All material assumptions and technical

parameters underpinning the estimates in that ASX release continue to apply and have not materially changed.

2 Refer to Bannerman’s ASX release dated 11 November 2015, Outstanding DFS Optimisation Study Results.:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

BANNERMAN ENERGY LTD

2022 ANNUAL REPORT

1

Dear Fellow Shareholder

I write to you at a time when both your Company and the uranium market are strongly positioned in front of a

remarkable transformation in the prospects of nuclear power.

Over the course of this year, the nuclear fuel sector has undergone enormous geopolitical disruption. The tragic

invasion of Ukraine has had an immediate effect on nuclear fuel markets and is likely to profoundly influence the

nuclear fuel sector into the long term.

The Ukraine war has reminded government, policy makers and industry of the vital role of energy security, a

consideration that was relegated in importance for more than a decade. The superior energy security attributes of

nuclear power, both commercial and geopolitical, have come into sharp contrast with the anti-nuclear ideology in

Germany and other parts of Europe that have curtailed the continent’s options in responding to the energy crisis.

The increased emphasis on geopolitical security and power price resilience enhances the superior climate attributes

of nuclear power, as emphasised by various governmental and multi-lateral organisations following COP26 in 2021.

Indeed, numerous multi-lateral net-zero scenarios call for a dramatic increase in nuclear power by 2050.

As a result of both decarbonisation and energy security imperatives, several governments made bold and pragmatic

policy announcements in favour of nuclear power, most notably in France, United Kingdom, United States, Japan and

South Korea. Numerous other markets have announced plans to construct conventional nuclear power stations and

to deploy Small Modular Reactors (SMRs) and advanced reactor technology. Reactor extensions have become the

norm in most markets, with influential closure reversals in the United States, Belgium, South Korea and, potentially,

Germany.

Over the year, financial markets have become increasingly attuned to the consequently attractive dynamics in the

uranium sector, with Sprott Physical Uranium Trust continuing to sequester uranium into the long-term, via acquisition

on the spot market in competition with end-users. Together with other financial investors such as Yellow Cake plc

and ANU Energy, the Sprott Physical Uranium Trust has neutralised the uranium inventory overhang that distorted

the functioning of the uranium market in recent years. As a result of these factors, uranium spot prices have recovered

significantly, trading during the year at decade highs.

Our flagship Etango Uranium Project has evolved to meet this market opportunity. In August 2021, completion of

the Etango-8 Pre-Feasibility Study (Etango-8 PFS) confirmed the strong technical and economic viability of

conventional open pit mining and heap leach processing of our world-class Etango deposit at 8Mtpa throughput, for

3.5 million pounds per annum U3O8 over a 15-year mine life.1 Bannerman immediately commenced the Etango-8

Definitive Feasibility Study (Etango-8 DFS), which is at an advanced stage and will be completed in the December

quarter 2022.

The Etango-8 PFS also confirmed once the mine is operational, there is realistic potential for expanding production,

extending mine life or both, given the scale of Etango’s total mineral resource and that the mineralisation continues

beneath the currently modelled resources. Given the attractive prospects for the uranium sector noted above, this

flexibility and scalability is an invaluable attribute for the Etango-8 development pathway.

Your Company’s balance sheet has never been stronger. In March 2022, we capitalised on then-buoyant equity

market conditions to complete a single tranche placement of approximately 185 million new fully paid ordinary

shares to new and existing institutional and sophisticated investors, to raise approximately $40.7 million. The

placement was strongly supported by several specialist uranium investment funds and a broad array of high-quality

Australian and international institutional investors. A Share Purchase Plan (SPP), also announced in March and

completed in April, was strongly supported by eligible shareholders, raising an additional A$15 million.

In total approximately $56 million was raised before costs, which together with the existing cash on hand, gives us

the cash balance to complete the Etango-8 DFS and equity-fund Front-End Engineering and Design (FEED). We have

the financial credibility to commence product marketing, project financing activities, detailed design and engage

with new opportunities.

With the benefit of this financial strength, in May 2022, Bannerman agreed to acquire a 41.8% shareholding in

Namibia Critical Metals (TSX-V:NMI) (NMI), providing us with a significant stake in NMI’s flagship asset, the 95%-:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

BANNERMAN ENERGY LTD

2022 ANNUAL REPORT

2

owned, advanced and fully permitted Lofdal Heavy Rare Earths Project in Namibia. The Lofdal Project is the subject

of an earn-in agreement with leading global resource strategic partner, Japan Oil, Gas and Metals National

Corporation (JOGMEC). The Lofdal Project is globally significant to potential future Heavy Rare Earth Elements

(HREE) supply, in particular the crucial need for dysprosium and terbium in the production of permanent magnets.

This is a function of both its large scale and simple xenotime mineralogy.

The NMI investment provides underlying asset exposure that is highly complementary to Bannerman’s Etango

Uranium Project in terms of both domicile and the role of heavy rare earths in enabling decarbonisation. The NMI

Acquisition is also consistent with Bannerman’s mission.

We have continued to build the profile and liquidity of Bannerman’s investment case with a broader audience. To

better reflect the advanced stage of the Company’s development of its Etango Uranium Project and make your

Company’s shares more attractive to certain investors, including institutional and retail investors in North America,

Bannerman completed a one for ten share consolidation on 28 July 2022 (Consolidation). In September 2022, the

Company was pleased to announce its shares had commenced trading on the OTCQX® Best Market, having been

upgraded to OTCQX from the OTCQB® Venture Market. Graduating to the OTCQX marks an important milestone for

your Company, enabling Bannerman to build on its liquidity and visibility among North American investors.

Your Company has a long tradition of authentic corporate citizenship and has distinguished itself as a leader in

community engagement, social development and environmental stewardship – which in recent times became

known as ESG. As a shareholder, you can feel re-assured that we have earned our social licence and justifiably enjoy

environmental permitting for the proposed Etango mine. To date 3,300 Namibian schoolchildren have benefitted

from our Early Learner Assistance Program, a decade-long program that seeks to ensure young learners do not drop

out of school, a plight that ensures entrapment in the poverty cycle. We were recently recognised for our

outstanding partnership with the Namibian tourism industry, which was first formalised in 2010. To demonstrate our

commitment to the health and safety of our employees, Bannerman is approaching its 13th consecutive year without

a lost time injury, having delivered full support to our employees and their families during the tremendous

challenges of COVID.

Bannerman’s success in advancing the Etango-8 Uranium Project and several well-executed corporate activities

reflects well on the effectiveness and dedication of the Bannerman team in Namibia and Australia. On behalf of the

Board and our shareholders, I thank and recognise our team and all Bannerman stakeholders, including the

Namibian government, our host community and the One Economy Foundation (which holds a 5% ownership of the

Etango Project) for their tangible support of our mission: social leadership in the supply of raw materials for

emissions free power.

I am delighted to say that your Company enters the new financial year in the strongest position in its 15-year history

at a time when the uranium sector has the most attractive prospects in decades.

Yours sincerely,

Ronnie Beevor

Chairman

1. Bannerman advised of the completion of a Pre-Feasibility Study for an 8Mtpa development of its flagship Etango Uranium Project in Namibia

(Etango-8 Project) in an ASX announcement 2 August 2021. Bannerman is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the

information included in this ASX release, and Bannerman confirms that, to the best of its knowledge, all material assumptions and technical

parameters underpinning the estimates in this release continue to apply and have not materially changed.:

Managing Director

Term of Office:

CEO and: Managing

Managing Director of Rössing

Uranium Ltd, past president of the Namibian Chamber of

Mines and past Chairman of the Namibian Uranium

Association. His career with Rio Tinto started in 1982

when he joined Rössing as an accountant and included a

posting

as

Administration

Director

of

Anglesey

Aluminium before returning to Rössing in 1997 as Chief

Financial Officer. Mike was: Managing Director of Rössing,

then the largest open pit uranium mine in the world, for

6 years until he retired in 2011. Since retirement Mike

has consulted to the uranium sector and served as a non-

executive director of ASX-listed Kunene Resources Ltd, a

base metals explorer that discovered the Opuwo Cobalt

Project in Namibia.

Mike’s commitment to corporate social responsibility in

Namibia is well known, including as a former Trustee of

Save the Rhino Trust Namibia and the Rössing

Foundation.

Mike was named an honorary life member of the

Namibian Uranium Association in recognition of his

singular service to the uranium industry.

Special Responsibilities

Managing Director, Bannerman Mining Resources

(Namibia) (Pty) Ltd

Term of Office

Since 24 June 2010

Skills, experience and expertise

Werner joined Bannerman in June 2010 as the Etango

Project Coordinator and is now the: Managing

Managing Director

Full

Other Executive Personnel

Werner Ewald: Managing

director's fees in the form of either share rights

or share options. The directors consider that the issue of share rights or share options to non-executive directors as

part of their remuneration package is reasonable and appropriate given::

letter of appointment. The: letter summarises the Board policies and terms, including compensation.

Remuneration and other terms of employment for the CEO and the other executives are also formalised in service

agreements. Major provisions of the agreements relating to remuneration are summarised below.

Remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer

Mr Munro was appointed on 9 March 2016 as CEO and Managing

Managing Director

Perth, 23 September 2022:

letter to BMRN evidencing the parent’s intent to meet the financial obligations of BMRN for the period

1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022.

c.

Details of any contractual commitments by the parent entity for the acquisition of property, plant, or

equipment

There are no contractual commitments by the parent entity for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment

as at reporting date.:

Managing Director & CEO

Perth 23 September 2022:

