Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer (CEO)

Secured a ZAR60 million ($3.5 million)

Standby Loan Facility from Dendocept

(Proprietary) Limited (Dendocept), a 1.4%

shareholder in MC Mining

The Industrial Development Corporation

of South Africa Limited (IDC) agreed

to extend the repayment date for the

ZAR160 million ($9.8 million) loan plus

accrued interest to 30 November 2022

The terminal drawdown date of the

additional ZAR245 million ($15.0 million)

IDC term loan for the development

of Makhado, was also extended to

30 November 2022, subject to the IDC

re-affirming its financial due diligence

and credit approval

22,169t (FY2021: 0t) of coal were at the

Durban port at the end of June 2022

for export in terms of the Coal Sales &

Marketing Agreement with Overlooked

(Proprietary) Limited (Overlooked),

announced by the Company in July 2022

$23.5

million

Sold 225,096t of Uitkomst

coal generating

49%

Revenue/t at

Uitkomst improved by

Operating cash flows of

$3.6 million

(FY2021: $1.7 million) generated by the

Uitkomst Colliery

Uitkomst production costs per saleable

tonne reduced by

5%

KEY HIGHLIGHTS

MC Mining ANNUAL REPORT 2022 3

OVERVIEW:

Managing Director

and CEO. The Company has overcome

numerous challenges and I am grateful

for the on-going support of the IDC

and other stakeholders. I am also very

appreciative of the MC Mining team’s

hard work and continued loyalty and I

thank the Company’s directors for their

contribution and entrusting me to guide

the Company.

Godfrey Gomwe

Chief Executive Officer

MC Mining ANNUAL REPORT 2022 17

YEAR IN REVIEW:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Appointed: 11 April 2022

Mr Gomwe holds the qualifications of CA (Zimbabwe), B Acc

(UZ), MBL (UNISA). He is a businessman with over 30 years’

experience in metals and mining industries. He is the former

Chief Executive Officer of Anglo American Plc’s global Thermal

Coal business, whose responsibilities included oversight over

Anglo’s manganese interests in the joint venture with BHP. He

served as Executive Director of Anglo American South Africa

until August 2012, his career included roles as Head of Group

Business Development Africa, Finance Director and Chief

Operating Officer of Anglo American South Africa. Previously,

Mr Gomwe was Executive Chairman and Chief Executive

of Anglo American Zimbabwe Limited. He also served on a

number of Anglo American Operating Boards and Executive

Committees including Kumba Iron Ore, Anglo American

Platinum, Highveld Steel & Vanadium and Mondi South Africa,

the latter two in the capacity of Chairman. Prior to joining

Anglo American in 1999, Mr Gomwe held many leadership

positions and directorships in listed and unlisted companies.

Andrew David Mifflin

Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr Mifflin obtained his BSc. (Hons) Mining Engineering from

Staffordshire University and has a Master’s Degree in Business

Administration. Mr Mifflin has over 30 years’ experience

specifically in the coal mining arena. His experience spans

across various organisations such as British Coal Corporation,

Xstrata and more recently GVK Resources. He has gained in

depth knowledge in coal operations, both thermal and hard

coking coal as well as in project development.

MC Mining ANNUAL REPORT 2022 43

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

of Real Gain Investment Pvt. Ltd and was responsible for

infrastructure and construction market development, as well

as overseas market investments. He has previously served as

Construction Manager for CRI – Eagle Investments (Pty) Ltd

and Eagle Canyon Investments (Pty) Ltd.

Khomotso Brian Mosehla

Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr Mosehla is a CA (SA) and completed his articles with KPMG.

Khomotso worked at African Merchant Bank Limited for five

years where he gained a broad range of experience, including

management buy-out, leveraged buy-out and capital

restructuring/raising transactions. In 2003, he established

Mvelaphanda Corporate Finance for the development of

Mvelaphanda’s mining and non-mining interests. Mr Mosehla

served as a director on the boards of several companies,

including Mvelaphanda Resources Limited and was the

CFO of The Housing Development Agency until March 2021.

Mr Mosehla served as a Chairman of Northam Platinum

Limited as well as Zambezi Platinum Limited until June 2021.

An Chee Sin

Non-Executive Director

Mr Chee Sin is an Accredited Tax Practitioner with the

Singapore Institute of Accredited Tax Professionals and is

also a Chartered Accountant with the Institute of Singapore

Chartered Accountants. He has more than 17 years of

extensive experience in international and local corporate

taxation and co-founded Pinnacle Tax Services Pty Ltd

(Pinnacle Tax) in 2004. Prior to joining Pinnacle Tax, he held

the position of Director of Corporate Tax with KPMG and

has coordinated various advisory projects, including cross-

border fund structures, corporate restructurings, treasury and

mergers and acquisitions.

Junchao Liu

Non-Executive Director

Appointed 14 December 2021

Mr Junchao Liu has a Bachelor of Arts and postgraduate

training in international finance and trade from Beijing Foreign

Studies University. He is the Deputy Director of Business

Development of Beijing Haohua Energy Resource Co. Ltd (BHE)

and Deputy General Manager of Haohua Energy International

(Hong Kong) Co. Ltd (HEI). Mr Liu, by invitation, has regularly

attended past board meetings of the Company and is very

familiar with the Company’s activities. HEI is MC Mining’s

second largest shareholder and Mr Liu is their representative

on the board.

Ontiretse Mathews Senosi

Non-Executive Director

Appointed: 28 April 2022

Mr Senosi is a qualified mining engineer (University of the

Witwatersrand) with over 25 years’ experience in mining and

project execution. He gained experience at Anglo Coal before

successfully pursuing personal business interests in mining,

engineering and consulting as well as civil and construction

projects, and was a key contributor in the successful execution

of numerous coal mining projects. Mr Senosi has extensive

experience in opencast and underground coal mining and is

the CEO of the Overlooked Mining Group which produces over

7.5 million tonnes per annum of thermal coal for the export and

domestic markets. He represents the Senosi Group Investment

Holdings (Pty) Ltd, MC Mining’s largest shareholder.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT continued

44 MC Mining ANNUAL REPORT 2022

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director and CEO and resignation of Mr Sam Randazzo as Director and

Interim CEO;

• Appointment of Mr Matthews Senosi of SGIH as a Non-Executive Director of the Company;

• Securing of a ZAR60 million ($3.5 million) Standby Facility from Dendocept, a 1.4% shareholder in MC Mining.

10. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

• MC Mining shareholders voted against the issue of a further 33,333,333 new Ordinary Shares to SGIH and the Company repaid

the ZAR10 million ($0.6 million) already advanced by SGIH, subsequent to year-end, with the balance due in October 2022;

• Marketing Agreement entered into with Overlooked, expiring on 31 December 2022 which facilitates the export of at least 20,000t

of API4 (6,000k/cal) coal from Uitkomst on a monthly basis, allowing the Company to take advantage of improved international

coal prices;

• Completion of a study by Minxcon assessing potential alternative development scenarios for Makhado to optimise capital

expenditure and reduce operational costs. The scenarios assessed included possibly moving the Vele CPP and modifying this

at Makhado or, the construction of a bespoke CPP at Makhado. Both additional development scenarios were developed to

pre-feasibility level and would require additional capital expenditure but would significantly reduce the transport costs when

compared to the Base Case scenario. While the BFS Base Case is feasible and economically robust, the additional two scenarios

resulted in improved project economics.

• Commencement of a fully underwritten 1.012 for 1 renounceable Rights Offer of new ordinary shares of no par value in MC Mining

(each, a New Share) at an issue price of A$0.20 ($0.14) per New Share for Eligible Shareholders in Australia (and New Zealand)

and ZAR2.36 per New Share for eligible shareholders in South Africa. The rights issue will raise gross proceeds of A$40 million

(equivalent to approximately ZAR451 million/ $27.6 million) via the issue of approximately 200,026,728 New Shares (subject to

rounding). The funds raised under the Rights Issue will be used by the Company;

• to meet the Company’s equity contribution required for the IDC’s proposed debt funding, in relation the development of the

Makhado Project;

• fund the continued development of the Makhado Project;

• repay as much as possible of the total amount outstanding (which is approximately $3.7 million (equivalent to ZAR60 million))

under the Standby Facility; and

• for general working capital (including to pay the costs of the Rights Issue) purposes. The Rights Issue is expected to be

completed in early November 2022.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT continued

MC Mining ANNUAL REPORT 2022 47

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director and CEO on 28 April 2022.

³ Mr Zhen did not attend 10 Board meetings due to a conflict of interest. He is a related party in relation to Dendocept (Pty) Ltd.

⁴ Appointed Non-Executive Director on 14 December 2021.

⁵ Appointed Non-Executive Director on 28 April 2022.

⁶ Retired as a Non-Executive Director on 14 December 2021.

⁷ Resigned as Chairman on 11 March 2022.

⁸ Resigned as Executive Director on 8 April 2022 and Interim CEO on 27 April 2022.

23. REMUNERATION REPORT (AUDITED)

This remuneration report, which forms part of the Directors report, sets out information about the remuneration of MC Mining’s

Directors and its senior management for the financial year ended 30 June 2022. The prescribed details for each person covered by

this report are detailed below under the following headings:

• Director details;

• Remuneration policy;

• Relationship between the remuneration policy and company performance;

• Remuneration of Directors and senior management; and

• Key terms of employment contracts.

The Board is responsible for establishing remuneration packages applicable to the Board members of the Company. The policy

adopted by the Board is to ensure that remuneration properly reflects an individual’s duties and responsibilities and that remuneration

is competitive in attracting, retaining and motivating people of the highest calibre.

Directors’ remuneration packages are also assessed in the light of the condition of markets within which the Company operates, the

Company’s financial condition and the individual’s contribution to the achievement of corporate objectives. Executive Directors are

remunerated by way of a salary commensurate with their required level of service.

Total remuneration for all Non-Executive Directors, excluding share-based payments, as approved by shareholders at the December

2010 General Meeting, is not to exceed AUD1,000,000 per annum (USD725,284).

The Board has a Nomination and Remuneration Committee which was made up as follows: Mr Liu (Chairman), Mr Nene and

Mr Mosehla. The Company does not have any scheme relating to retirement benefits for Executive or Non-Executive Directors.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT continued

52 MC Mining ANNUAL REPORT 2022

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director and CEO

• A Chee Sin

Non-Executive Director

• A Mifflin

Independent Non-Executive Director

• H Zhen

Non-Executive Director

• J Liu³

Non-Executive Director

• K Mosehla

Independent Non-Executive Director

• M Senosi⁴

Non-Executive Director

• S Ding⁵

Non-Executive Director

• B Pryor⁶

Independent Chairman

• S Randazzo⁷

Interim Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

¹ Appointed Non-Executive Director on 11 April 2022 and Chairman on 28 April 2022.

² Appointed Non-Executive Director on 11 April 2022 and: Managing Director and CEO on 28 April 2022.

³ Appointed Non-Executive Director on 14 December 2021.

⁴ Appointed Non-Executive Director on 28 April 2022.

⁵ Retired as a Non-Executive Director on 14 December 2021.

⁶ Resigned as

Managing Director and CEO on 28 April 2022.

⁶ Mr Randazzo resigned as Executive Director on 8 April 2022 and Interim CEO on 27 April 2022, was deemed a ‘good leaver’ and all Performance Rights vested.

No director appointed during the period received a payment as part of his consideration for agreeing to hold the position.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT continued

MC Mining ANNUAL REPORT 2022 55

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director of the

Company. There are no formal contractual employment agreements with any other member of the Board. The employment conditions

of the: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

30 September 2022

30 September 2022

DIRECTORS’ REPORT continued

58 MC Mining ANNUAL REPORT 2022

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

30 September 2022

30 September 2022

MC Mining ANNUAL REPORT 2022 59

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

