Letter/ Power of Attorney authorising their representative(s)

to attend the meeting and vote on their behalf through

e-voting. The said resolution/: letter/ power of attorney shall

be sent by the body corporate through its registered e-mail

ID to the Scrutinizer by email through its registered email

address to contact@cssanjaygrover.in with a copy marked

to einward.ris@kfintech.com (KFIN’s ID).

ELECTRONIC DISPATCH OF ANNUAL REPORT AND

PROCESS FOR REGISTRATION OF EMAIL ID FOR

OBTAINING COPY OF ANNUAL REPORT

6.

In accordance with the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars:

a)

Notice of the AGM along with the Integrated Report and

Annual Financial Statements ('Integrated Report') for the

financial year 2020-21 is being sent to the Members and to

all other persons so entitled in electronic mode only, whose

email addresses has been registered with the Company/

Depository Participants (‘DPs’)/ Depositories/ KFIN.

Members are requested to verify/ update their details such

as email address, mobile number etc. with their DPs, in case

the shares are held in electronic form and with KFIN, in case

the shares are held in physical form.

b)

Those Members who have not yet registered their email

addresses and consequently, have not received the Notice

and the Integrated Report, are requested to get their email

addresses and mobile numbers registered with KFIN, by

following the guidelines mentioned below.

Guidelines to register email address:

i)

Visit the link https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/

mobilereg/mobileemailreg.aspx

ii)

Select the company name i.e. Bharti Airtel Limited.

iii) Enter DPID-CLIENT ID (in case shares are held in electronic

form)/ Physical Folio no. (in case shares are held in physical

form) and PAN.

iv) If PAN details are not available in the system, the system will

prompt to upload a self-attested copy of the PAN card for

updating the records.

v)

In case shares are held in physical form and PAN is not

available in the records, please enter any one of the Share

Certificate no. in respect of the shares held by you.

vi) Enter the email address and Mobile no.

vii) System will check the authenticity of DPID-CLID/ Physical

Folio no. and PAN/Certificate no., as the case may be, and will

send the OTPs at the registered Mobile no. as well as email

address for validation.

viii) Enter the OTPs received by SMS and email to complete the

validation process. Please note that the OTPs will be valid for

5 minutes only.

ix) The Company through KFIN will send the Notice, Integrated

Report and the e-voting instructions along with the User ID

and Password to the email address given by you.

Notes:

3

NOTICE

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter mentioning their name and address; scanned copy of

the share certificate (front and back); self-attested scanned

copy of PAN card; and self-attested scanned copy of any

document (viz. Aadhar card, Driving License, Passport) in

support of their address.

xi) Kindly note that in case the shares are held in electronic

form, the above facility is only for temporary registration of

email address for receipt of Notice, Integrated Report and the

e-voting instructions along with the User ID and Password.

Such Members will have to register their email address with

their DPs permanently, so that all future communications are

received by them in electronic form.

xii) In case of queries, Members are requested to write to

einward.ris@kfintech.com or call at the toll-free number 1800

309 4001.

7.

The notice of AGM along with Annual Report will be sent to

those members/ beneficial owners whose name will appear

in the register of members/ list of beneficiaries received from

the depositories as on Friday, August 6, 2021.

8.

The Notice of the AGM and the Integrated Report for the

financial year 2020-21 will be available on the website

of the Company (www.airtel.com), on the website of KFIN

https://evoting.kfintech.com/public/downloads.aspx) and

on the website of National Stock Exchange of India Limited

(www.nseindia.com) and BSE Limited (www.bseindia.com), in

compliance with the MCA Circulars.

PROCEDURE FOR JOINING THE AGM THROUGH VC/

OAVM

9.

The Company is providing VC/OAVM facility to its members

for joining/participating at the AGM. Members may join the

Meeting through Desktops, Laptops, Smartphones, Tablets.

Further, Members are requested to use Internet with a good

speed to avoid any disturbance during the Meeting. Please

note that participants connecting via mobile hotspot may

experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their

respective cellular network. It is therefore recommended to

use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any glitches.

10. Members are requested to follow the procedure given below

to attend the AGM through VC/ OAVM or view the live

webcast:

i)

Launch internet browser (latest version of Chrome/

Firefox/Safari/ Internet Explorer 11 or MS Edge) by

typing the URL: https://emeetings.kfintech.com.

ii)

Enter the login credentials (i.e., User ID and password for

e-voting).

iii) After logging in, click on “Video Conference” option.

iv) Then click on camera icon appearing against AGM event

of Bharti Airtel Limited to attend the AGM. Please do the

echo test once you enter into the AGM room.

11. Members who do not have the User ID and Password for

e-voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password

may retrieve the same by following the remote e-voting

instructions.

12. The facility for joining the AGM shall open 15 minutes before

the time scheduled for AGM and will continue till the expiry of

15 minutes after conclusion of the AGM. Large shareholders

(Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters,

Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel

and Auditors are encouraged to attend the AGM.

13. To ensure smooth transmission and co-ordination during

the Q&A Session, the Company is providing the facility of

Speaker Registration. Members who would like to express

their views or ask questions during the AGM may register

themselves by logging on to https://emeetings.kfintech.com

and clicking on the ‘Speaker Registration’ option available on

the screen after log in. The facility of ‘Speaker Registration’

will open at 9:00 A.M. (IST) on Saturday, August 28, 2021

and will end at 6:00 P.M. (IST) on Sunday, August 29, 2021.

Only those members who are registered as Speaker will be

allowed to express their views or ask questions at the AGM.

14. Members can submit their questions in advance with regard

to the accounts or any other matter to be placed at the

AGM by sending an e-mail to the Company at compliance.

officer@bharti.in and marking a copy to evoting@KFintech.

com mentioning their name, DP ID-Client ID / Folio number

on or before Sunday, August 29, 2021 or they can post their

questions from 9:00 A.M. (IST) on Saturday, August 28, 2021

to 6:00 P.M. (IST) on Sunday, August 29, 2021, by logging on

to https://emeetings.kfintech.com. They can also upload their

video by registering themselves as speaker by accessing the

facility provided at https://emeetings.kfintech.com->speaker

registration. The maximum duration of the video should be

three minutes. At the AGM, such questions will be replied by

the Company suitably. The Company reserves the right to

restrict the number of questions and number of speakers,

depending upon the availability of time, for smooth conduct

of the AGM.

15. In case of any query relating to the procedure for attending

AGM through VC/ OAVM or for any technical assistance,

Members may call on toll free no.: 1800 309 4001 or send

an e-mail at einward.ris@kfintech.com.

16. Members attending the AGM through VC/ OAVM shall be

counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under

Section 103 of the Act.

17. The recorded transcript of this meeting, shall as soon as

possible, be made available on the website of the Company

at www.airtel.com.

18. Institutional shareholders are encouraged to attend and vote

at the AGM.

Bharti Airtel Limited

4

INTEGRATED REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter etc., authorizing its

representative to attend the AGM through VC / OAVM

on its behalf and to cast its vote through remote e-voting

together with attested specimen signature(s) of the

duly authorised representative(s), to the Scrutinizer at

email ID contact@cssanjaygrover.in with a copy marked

to evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of the

above-mentioned documents should be in the naming

format “Corporate Name Even no.”

b)

Members whose email IDs are not registered with the

Company/Depository Participants(s), and consequently

the Annual Report, Notice of AGM and e-voting instructions

cannot be serviced, will have to follow the following

process:

i.

Members who have not registered their email address

and in consequence the Annual Report, Notice of AGM

and e-voting instructions cannot be serviced, may

temporarily get their email address and mobile number

provided with KFIN, by accessing the link: https://ris.

kfintech.com/clientservices/mobilereg/mobileemailreg.

aspx. Members are requested to follow the process as

guided to capture the email address and mobile number

for sending the soft copy of the notice and e-voting

instructions along with the User ID and Password. In

case of any queries, member may write to einward.ris@

kfintech.com.

ii.

Members holding shares in physical form who have not

registered their e-mail addresses with the Company

are requested to register the same by following the

procedure specified in the Notice, i.e. either by registering

through the link: https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/

mobilereg/mobileemailreg.aspx or by writing to KFIN at

einward.ris@kfintech.com along with the scanned copy

of signed request: letter mentioning their name and

address; scanned copy of the share certificate (front

and back); self-attested scanned copy of PAN card;

and self-attested scanned copy of any document (viz.

Aadhar card, Driving License, Passport) in support of

their address.

In order to enable the Company to comply with MCA

circulars and to participate in the green initiative in

Corporate Governance, members are requested to

register their email addresses in respect of shares held

in electronic form with their Depository Participant(s)

permanently for sending the Annual report, Notice of

AGM and the e-voting instructions.

iii.

After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow all

steps above to cast your vote by electronic means.

7

NOTICE

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Letter of Appointment for Independent Director,

setting out terms and conditions of appointment of Independent

Director is available for inspection at the Registered Office of the

Company during any working day between 11.00 a.m. to 1.00

p.m. upto the date of AGM and is also available on the website of

the Company www.airtel.com.

In view of her diversified and vast experience, it is proposed that

Ms. Nisaba Godrej be appointed as Independent Director of the

Company. Accordingly, the Board of Directors recommends the

Ordinary Resolution set out at Item no. 4 of the Notice for approval

by the members.

Save and except Ms. Nisaba Godrej and her relatives to the extent

of their shareholding in the Company, if any, none of the other

Directors / Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are in

any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the

resolution set out in item no. 4 of the Notice.

Item No. 5

Mr. Sunil Bharti Mittal was re-appointed as the Chairman of

the Company w.e.f. October 1, 2016 for a period of 5 years i.e.

upto September 30, 2021 pursuant to the resolution passed

by the Shareholders at the 21st AGM of the Company held on

August 19, 2016 and is due for re-appointment.

At the time of re-appointment of Mr. Sunil Bharti Mittal at 21st AGM,

the Company had adequate profits and the remuneration paid /

payable to him was well within the limits prescribed under the

Companies Act, 2013. However, the Company had incurred

losses during FY ended on March 31, 2019 and accordingly, in

compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and

other applicable laws, the shareholders vide their special resolution

passed at the 24th AGM held on August 14, 2019 had approved

(i) the waiver of recovery of excess managerial remuneration paid

to Mr. Sunil Bharti Mittal for the financial year ended March 31,

2019; and (ii) payment of remuneration to Mr. Sunil Bharti Mittal

for the period from April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2021, in the

event of absence of profits and/ or inadequacy of profits.

Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013

Bharti Airtel Limited

10

INTEGRATED REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Message from the Chairman

Message from the MD & CEO

Board of Directors

18

20

22

Key Performance Indicators

Business Segment Performance

Quarterly Strategic Performance

ESG Performance Review

Corporate Social Responsibility

(CSR)

Awards & Recognition

08

10

12

14

44

46

56

58

26

28

32

36

38

40

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

(India & South Asia)

Forward-looking statements

Some information in this report may contain forward-looking statements

which include statements regarding the Company’s expected financial

position and results of operations, business plans and prospects etc. and

are generally identified by forward-looking words such as “believe,” “plan,”

“anticipate,” “continue,” “estimate,” “expect,” “may,” “will” or other similar

words. Forward-looking statements are dependent on assumptions or basis

underlying such statements. We have chosen these assumptions or basis in

good faith, and we believe that they are reasonable in all material respects.

However, we caution that actual results, performances or achievements

could differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-

looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any

forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future

events, or otherwise.

Fair usage of third party trademarks

All third party trademarks referenced by Bharti Airtel Limited herein remain

the property of their respective owners. Any references by Airtel to any

third party trademarks in this Report, is merely being used to identify the

corresponding engagement that Airtel has entered into with the brand/

trademark owners and shall be considered fair use under trademark law.

Bharti Airtel Limited

04

INTEGRATED REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020-21

About the report

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Message from the Chairman

18

Message from the MD and CEO

20

Board of Directors

22

Airtel Secure, Airtel Cloud, Airtel IQ, Airtel Ads,

and Airtel BlueJeans have all been launched

during the year on these capabilities.

Airtel Xstream

Wynk Music

Airtel Thanks

Airtel BlueJeans

Airtel Ads

Airtel IoT

Airtel IQ

Airtel Secure

Airtel Cloud

Airtel Mitra

Reimagined customer journey with an omni-channel delivery

Substantial reduction in faults leading to reduced cost

Transparent commercials

Ease of integration

Accelerated adoption of partner service

Mutual growth leading to easy plug and play through APIs

Data

Distribution

Payments

Network

Strength

Rich customer

understanding

Access to

customer B2C/

B2B

Omni-channel

capabilities

Ubiquitous

presence

with APIs

Capabilities

Customer

insights

App web store

Payments

bank

Location

AML

recommendation

engine

Homes

Digitising cash

Coverage

Credit score

Enterprise hub

Add to bill

Edge

capabilities

Quality

customer

Eliminate

waste

Greater share

of wallet

Impact on the

core business

Four core

strengths

Partnership

through TEAM

model

1

2

3

2

3

1

17

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Message from the Chairman

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

The COVID-19 pandemic continued unabated and impacted each

day of the last financial year posing extreme challenges for many

people, communities and businesses. Never before have we felt so

interdependent and in need for human ability to come to the fore. We

witnessed the medical fraternity responding to the crisis emphatically

and healthcare workers putting themselves on the frontline of this fight

which helped to save countless lives. Scientists worked tirelessly to

develop vaccines at a miraculous speed and Drug Administrators fast-

tracked approvals to bring vaccines urgently to the public. The personal

sacrifices and unrelenting efforts of these individuals have put humanity

on the road to recovery and we cannot thank them enough.

Against this backdrop, our shareholders have reason to feel proud

of the contribution made by Airtel and the rest of the telecom

industry in helping India and Africa tide over the pandemic. Over

the past 25 years, the telecom sector has been the chief catalyst in

the transformation of India and its economy. But the industry truly

played a seminal role during this pandemic by keeping a nation

of over one billion connected, which is an outstanding feat. Airtel

kept its networks running when it mattered the most. In Africa, we

strengthened our mobile networks and mobile money services, and

achieved our highest ever network availability.

As our sector’s role in the economy becomes more pervasive, our

challenges loom larger. Unsustainable pricing and low returns in

a highly capital-intensive environment, coupled with legacy legal

issues, have extracted their toll. The industry requires long overdue

support to maintain its current 3+1 industry structure and allow

players to earn a respectable return on their investments. I am

hopeful that the Government and the Regulators will step in to

ensure there is adequate balance in the industry and it remains a

viable place for continued investments.

Despite the pandemic and industry challenges, your Company has

demonstrated remarkable resilience and has in fact, come out much

stronger during the last financial year. Our focus on executing our

strategy while showing financial prudence has ensured that we

deliver in the midst of perennial challenges. We continue to have

a very healthy balance sheet with enough and more headroom to

continue investing strategically for our growth.

Our India mobile business is now at a lifetime high revenue market

share along with industry-leading metrics such as ARPU and data

usage. With our large investments in networks and spectrum, we are

well positioned to lead in the introduction of emerging technologies

such as 5G. We became the first telecom operator in India to

demonstrate 5G over a live network and are at the forefront of O-RAN

Alliance initiatives. We aim to collaborate with domestic and global

companies to make India a hub for 5G technology development.

Airtel’s non-mobile businesses in India also gathered significant

momentum. Our Fiber to Home footprint is rapidly expanding

across the country to serve the demand for quality high-speed

Wi-Fi in households. With our growing scale, we now have over 3

million connected broadband homes and about 18 million Digital

TV customers. Our Enterprise business, with a revenue of $2

billion, has now become a big growth engine as we look to deliver

a range of solutions beyond connectivity by leveraging our deep

relationships and trust. During last year, we launched a range of new

enterprise services in promising segments such as Adtech, IoT, cloud

communications, cloud and security. With digital platforms operating

at scale across the organisation, we believe that we have all the

building blocks for the next phase of our growth.

Our Africa operations have been growing profitably and are

generating healthy cashflows to meet their own investment

requirements. On the towers side, we achieved the long-awaited

merger of Bharti Infratel and Indus Towers to create a pan-India

tower company operating across all 22 telecom service areas. Given

the strong growth prospects and the increasing importance of

passive infrastructure, we acquired an additional stake of just under

5% in Indus Towers.

With large investments over the past few years, Airtel has built

a formidable integrated product portfolio which will give us the

opportunity to tap emerging opportunities and deliver services

at scale. As the Indian economy digitises further, there are large

opportunities ahead in areas such as data centres, submarine cable

deployment, cloud services and cyber security. We will look to scale

up our investments in these areas in the coming fiscal. The year

witnessed the induction of Carlyle Group as a strategic partner in our

journey of the data centre business.

We have also laid a strong foundation for making Airtel a truly digital-

first company to serve Digital India. Today, we have the ability to

develop world-class platforms and digital solutions on the back of

our in-house engineering talent and strong partnerships with best-

in-the-class players including Amazon, Google, Verizon, Ericsson,

Nokia, Qualcomm, Intel, IBM, Cisco and Apollo Hospitals. This is a big

transformation as we embed digital into our DNA and sharpen our

focus on serving customers who live in a world of connected devices.

Airtel and its employees have a proud legacy of fulfilling their

responsibility to society and uplifting communities. This is

displayed through the constant support to Bharti Foundation, the

Group’s philanthropic arm which is bringing quality education to

underprivileged children in rural India through Satya Bharti Schools.

Over the years, the Foundation has positively impacted the lives

of over 450,000 students across 18 states of India. Despite the

pandemic, Bharti Foundation ensured that a majority of these children

were not deprived of learning opportunities and made classes

accessible for them through digital channels. In Africa, we announced

a partnership with UNICEF to zero-rate select educational websites to

provide access to children cut-off from schools.

India continues to be a promising destination for long-term investors.

We have the opportunity to transform India into a global leader

in the digital economy. We must continue to evolve our policies

to realise these opportunities while encouraging investments,

entrepreneurship and innovation through collaboration. Airtel is

ready to play its part.

I want to thank Ms. Tan Yong Choo and Mr. Craig Edward Ehrlich

for their guidance, contribution and service to the company as a

Director and also welcome Mr. Tao Yih Arthur Lang and Ms. Nisaba

Godrej to the Board. My sincere gratitude to our Board of Directors,

Management, resilient employees and our esteemed customers,

partners, suppliers, entire distribution network and our shareholders

for their continued support and confidence.

Sunil Bharti Mittal

Our Leadership

19

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO, India & South Asia

Bharti Airtel Limited

20

INTEGRATED REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

The Financial Year 2020-21 has been unprecedented.

The devastation caused by the pandemic has been a source

of deep pain all around. Many of our families and friends have

been deeply impacted by this. Our people too have faced the

brunt of COVID-19.

Despite these harrowing circumstances, everyone in Airtel has

stayed true to our purpose of serving customers. They have

done all they could do to keep the nation connected. For this,

I am enormously grateful. I am proud that our services are the

digital oxygen that has kept the country going by enabling

people to work, study, consult doctors, help others and be

entertained.

At Airtel, our strategy remains simple and consistent.

A relentless obsession with customer experience and a

razor-sharp focus on quality customers. There are four

enablers to these choices. The first is digitising the core to

improve experience. Second, modularising our capabilities to

drive new revenue streams through products and partnerships.

Third, bringing together the power of Airtel through a unified

customer view and integrated channel approach. And fourth,

doing all of this with financial discipline while waging a war on

waste. This strategy is the thread that ties all our businesses

together and creates alignment and cohesion across teams.

Quality customers – We have a relentless focus on acquiring

and retaining quality customers, which is reflected in our

best-in-class ARPU. Over the last year, we added 43 million

4G customers to our mobile network. The Broadband business

has grown to over 3 million customers on the back of strong

demand for home broadband. Our DTH and Enterprise

businesses have continued to outperform competition and we

have grown market share. All of this has enabled our brand to

become the most aspirational and highly trusted in the country.

Going forward, our recently acquired sub-GHz spectrum will

enable us to cover 90 million additional customers across the

country. Further, we have relationships with majority of the

50 million high-value homes in India through at least one of

our services – Post-paid, DTH or Broadband. We plan to bring

the full power of Airtel to the home by bringing all our services

together for the customer.

Customer experience – Delivering a superior experience to

our customers is the cornerstone of our strategy. We continue

to invest in strengthening the foundational components

of experience in the customer lifecycle – search, discover,

purchase, onboard, experience and refer. As part of the

customer’s search and discover journey, we are focused on

omni-channel acquisition across all businesses to provide

a truly differentiated and unified One Airtel experience. For

seamless purchase and onboarding on our platform, we have

integrated our channels across businesses to leverage the full

power of Airtel. Lastly, we continue to strengthen our spectrum

footprint across sub-GHz, mid-band and capacity bands,

enabling us to deliver the best customer experience across the

country. We added more than 22,000 sites and 20,000 km of

optical fiber network during the year, further strengthening our

core and transport infrastructure. We have developed state-of-

the-art digital tools to help us proactively fix experience issues

in a granular and real-time manner. Moreover, we conclusively

demonstrated future-readiness of our networks with our

announcement of 5G ready network during the year.

Digital platforms – We have reached a significant milestone,

crossing the 200 million Monthly Active Users mark across our

digital assets. This scale is the foundation of our digital flywheel

that does three things. First, it allows us to become more

efficient and deliver a better omni-channel experience on the

core business. Every customer journey is being reimagined and

delivered in an omni-channel way. Second, it helps us to build

new revenue streams on our foundational strengths of Data,

Payments, Distribution and Network. These strengths are now

translating into differentiated products that solve real customer

problems. Every one of these services, be it Airtel Ads, Airtel IQ

or Airtel Secure is being delivered to our customers at minimal

capex. Finally, it leads to the creation of an ecosystem of powerful

partnerships that leverage these foundational strengths.

War on waste – Our focus on stripping out waste remains

steadfast. As a result, our margins continue to improve.

We will continue to sweat our assets to the optimum level

and drive structured collaboration with our partners to attack

costs, while reducing complexity in our processes through

re-engineering and digitisation.

At the end, as we continue to strive to create value for our

customers and other stakeholders, we are ever more focused

on our responsibility to the environment and our obligation

to society. Our Integrated Report spells out our initiatives for

environment sustainability and community development.

We have been ahead of the curve in embracing green energy

to power our networks and data centres and have made

massive progress in reducing our carbon footprint. We are

aligned to GSMA’s commitment to transform the global mobile

industry to reach net zero carbon emissions by 2050. Bharti

Foundation has been doing remarkable work to improve the

accessibility and quality of education across rural India, with a

special focus on the girl child. These initiatives have made our

corporate citizenship more meaningful.

In closing, I would like to thank our customers, our people, our

partners and our shareholders for their support and faith in us.

We seek your continued guidance in our journey.

Gopal Vittal

Our Leadership

21

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter and Airtel

branded merchandise.

This institutionalised journey is divided into exciting

milestones – starting from introduction; comprehensive

discussions with reporting manager on role clarity

and induction; allocation of ‘buddy’ and completion

of infrastructure requirements; sessions on Airtel

journey – its GPS, vision, mission and values; connect

with business/ functional leadership; organisational

announcements; tracking progress of end-to-end

induction; and goal setting for clarity in ownership etc.

Talent ownership building

(People Manager Capability)

We adopt a specially designed framework to enhance the

effectiveness of our people managers through structured

learning interventions on practices aligned to our

vision. This approach uses a 70: 20: 10 principle across

People Manager Continuum and Employee lifecycle.

We encourage on-the-job learning assignments, peer

mentoring, formal e-learning and instructor-led training to

help employees become effective people managers.

Capability Building

We use structured interventions to build professional and

functional skills and deploy broad-based learning through

Product School, Techniversity and Gurukool etc. to upskill

employees to deliver higher business impact.

Building leadership pipeline

Structured leadership pipeline development

program for top talent across all levels, through Airtel

Leadership Academies.

We have a robust strategy to attract

talented professionals who have

exemplary academic, technical and

functional capabilities. However, we

also ensure that they are aligned with

our values and committed to running

a responsible, ethical, transparent and

sustainable business.

Airtel has designed structured

onboarding and induction journeys

for new hires. We rolled out a mobile

pre-onboarding app, 'NewBee', to

engage with new hires digitally, given the

restrictions of the pandemic.

We employ people globally and offer

equal opportunities to all. We ensure

adherence to human rights and labour

laws across our operations and those of

our vendors to provide equitable terms

of pay, working conditions and hours of

work, etc. There have been no incident

of major layoffs at Airtel during the last

three years. Our network spans the

remotest pockets of India, which creates

sustainable livelihoods and productive

employment opportunities for many.

Our Capitals

93

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Message from the Chairman, Message from the MD &

CEO (India & South Asia)

18-21

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Risk Management

60-65

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of

behaviour

Business Responsibility Report - Principle 1

179

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns

about ethics

Report on Corporate Governance

210

GOVERNANCE

102-18

Governance structure

Report on Corporate Governance: Givernance

Structure

211

102-19

Delegating authority

Report on Corporate Governance: Governance

Structure

211

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic,

environmental, and social topics

Materiality Assessment and Stakeholder Engagement

46-55

102-22

Composition of the highest governance

body and its committees

Report on Corporate Governance: Board of Directors

and Board Committees

211

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Report on Corporate Governance: Board of Directors

213

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest

governance body

Report on Corporate Governance: Board Committees

221

102-25

Conflicts of interest

Report on Corporate Governance: Codes, Policies &

Frameworks

234

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting

purpose, values, and strategy

Report on Corporate Governance: Governance

Structure

211

Bharti Airtel Limited

136

INTEGRATED REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer. The Audit Committee of the Board, along with other

Board Committees, regularly reviews the implementation of

these policies.

C.

The following policies can be viewed on the Company’s

website www.airtel.com and www.bharti.com

1.

Code of Conduct Policy

2.

Code of Conduct Policy for Partners

3.

Ombudsperson Policy and Process

4.

Stakeholder Engagement Framework

5.

Human Rights Policy

6.

Environment Health and Safety Policy

7.

CSR policy

D.

Except policies listed above, all other policies are meant for

internal consumption of employees and are available on

the Company’s intranet. All policies have been periodically

communicated to the relevant internal and external

stakeholders.

E.

All policies are owned by the respective members of the

Airtel Management Board and their senior leadership teams

are responsible for the effective implementation of the

policies.

F.

Any clarifications for grievances related to either of the

policies are addressed by the respective leadership audit

team member and if not addressed to satisfaction, can be

escalated to the Ombudsperson.

G.

All policies and their implementation are audited by an

independent internal audit team who, in turn, reports issues,

if any, to the Board/Audit Committee.

Governance related to BR

1. Performance assessment frequency of BR:

The CSR Committee and Board assess and review the

BR performance annually and give a strategic decision to

Airtel’s BR initiatives, as required.

2. Details of BR and Sustainability Report:

Airtel publishes an annual Integrated Report in accordance

with the International <IR> Framework as developed by IIRC.

The report has been uploaded on Airtel’s website and can

be viewed at www.airtel.in.

Bharti Airtel Limited

178

INTEGRATED REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

(India & South Asia). A certificate of compliance of all applicable

laws and regulations along with exceptions report and mitigation-

plan, if any, is placed before the Audit Committee and Board of

Directors on a quarterly basis.

Other Statutory Disclosures

Vigil Mechanism

The Code of Conduct and vigil mechanism applicable to

Directors and the Senior Management of the Company is

available on the Company’s website at https://s3-ap-southeast-1.

amazonaws.com/bsy/iportal/images/Code-of-Conduct-

applicable-to-Directors-and-Senior-Management-of-the-com_

B30F70736F8A8DEE6203908A7988580D.pdf.

A brief note on the highlights of the Whistle Blower Policy

and compliance with Code of Conduct is also provided in the

Report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of this

Integrated Report.

Extract of Annual Return

The Annual Return of the Company as on March 31, 2021 in

Form MGT - 7 in accordance with Section 92(3) of the Act read

with the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules,

2014, is available on the website of the Company at https://www.

airtel.in/about-bharti/equity/results.

Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace

The Company has an Internal Complaints Committee for

providing a redressal mechanism pertaining to sexual

harassment of employees at the workplace and any such

incident can be reported to the Internal Complaints Committee

as per the process defined under the policy. Details regarding

the policy, including the details of the complaints received and

disposed of, are provided in the Report on Corporate Governance

and Business Responsibility Report, which form part of this

Integrated Report.

Significant and Material Orders

During the financial year 2020-21, there are no significant and

material orders passed by the regulators or courts or tribunals

impacting the going concern status and the Company’s

operations in the future.

Particulars of Loans, Guarantees and Investments

In compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 and Listing Regulations, the Company extends financial

assistance in the form of investment, loan, guarantee etc. to its

subsidiaries, from time to time in order to meet their business

requirements. Further, the Company or any of its subsidiary has

not extended any financial assistance to promoter or promoter

group entities which has been written off during last 3 years.

Particulars of loans, guarantees and investments form part of

Note no. 7, 9 and 22 respectively to the financial statements

provided in this Integrated Report.

Disclosure under Section 197(14) of the Companies

Act, 2013

The Chairman or the: Managing

Managing Director or CEO and

the roles of Chairman and: Managing

managing director/ whole time director/

manager and shall specifically include company secretary

and chief financial officer.

B. Remuneration Policy

Board Members

The overall limits of remuneration of the Board members

including Executive Board members (i.e.: Managing Director,

Whole-time Director, Executive Directors etc.) are governed

by the provisions of Section 197 of the Companies Act,

2013, rules made thereunder and shall be approved by

the shareholders of the Company and shall be subject to

availability of profits of the Company.

Within the overall limit approved by the shareholders, on

the recommendation of the Committee, the Board shall

determine the remuneration. The Board can determine

different remuneration for different Directors on the basis

of their role, responsibilities, duties, time involvement etc.

Non-Executive Directors including Independent

Directors

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 197 of the Companies

Act, 2013, rules made thereunder and the shareholders’

approval, the Board has approved the following

remuneration for Non- Executive Directors (including

Independent Directors):

i.

Commission on Net Profit (Calculated as per

Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013)

Amount of Commission per annum:

Subject to availability of sufficient profits and within an

overall ceiling of 1% of the net profits for all non-executive

directors in the aggregate, the amount of commission

payable to:

A. Non-Independent Non-executive directors:

» USD 60,000 for directors not residing in India

» `3,000,000 for directors residing in India

B. Independent non-executive directors:

» USD 100,000 for directors not residing in India

» `5,000,000 for those residing in India

The Independent Directors shall also be entitled to following

additional commission:

i.

Audit Committee:

Managing Director and Whole-

Time Director), Senior Management and other

employees

The remuneration of Key Managerial Personnel (other than: managing director and whole time director), shall be as per the

compensation and appraisal policy of the Company.

The remuneration payable to key managerial personnel (other

than Managing

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure-A to this report and forms an integral part of this report.

ii.

Due to restricted movement amid COVID-19 pandemic, we conducted the secretarial audit by examining the Secretarial Records including Minutes,

Documents, Registers and other records etc., and some of them received by way of electronic mode from the Company and could not be verified from

the original records. The management has confirmed that the records submitted to us are the true and correct. This Report is limited to the Statutory

Compliances on laws / regulations / guidelines listed in our report of which, the due date has been ended/expired on or before March 31, 2021 pertaining

to Financial Year 2020-21.

d)

Issuance and allotment of 36,469,913 (Thirty Six Million Four

Hundred Sixty Nine Thousand Nine Hundred and Thirteen)

equity shares having face value of `5 (Rupees Five) each

fully paid up, on a preferential basis at an issue price of

600/- [(Rupees Six Hundred) per equity share (including a

premium of `595 per equity shares)].

e)

Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, New Delhi,

Principal Bench ('NCLT') has, vide its Order dated March

23, 2021, subject to the applicable Sectoral approvals,

sanctioned the Composite Scheme of arrangement

between Bharti Airtel Limited, Bharti Airtel Services Limited,

Hughes Communications India Private Limited and HCIL

Comtel Private Limited and their respective shareholders

and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies

Act, 2013 ('Scheme').

Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

Dr. S. Chandrasekaran

Senior Partner

Membership No. FCS No.: 1644

Certificate of Practice No.: 715

UDIN: F001644C000278426

Place: Delhi

Date: May 17, 2021

Bharti Airtel Limited

200

INTEGRATED REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director or Director)

(Chairman CSR Committee)

Despite the unprecedented challenges and pressure on

the telecom industry, the Company has made voluntary

CSR contribution of `86.10 Mn during the financial year

2020-21. Further, the Company has also contributed

`0.25 Mn to various other charitable institutions. The above

voluntary contribution reflects the Company’s commitment

to pursue socio economic and cultural objectives for benefit

of society at large. The Company is committed to build its

CSR capabilities on a sustainable basis and undertake CSR

activities as and when the opportunity arises.

Pursuant to its commitment to collectively support the

efforts of the Government to mitigate the impact of

COVID-19, Bharti Airtel and its group companies/ affiliates/

associates had contributed a sum of `859.48 Mn in PM

Cares Fund towards India’s fight against COVID-19.

203

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO (India & South Asia)

144,171,324*

0.35

193.83

Non-executive directors

3.

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal

Nil

N.A.

N.A.

4.

Ms. Chua Sock Koong

Nil

N.A.

N.A.

5.

Ms. Tan Yong Choo

Nil

N.A.

N.A.

6.

Mr. Tao Yih Arthur Lang

Nil

N.A.

N.A.

Independent Directors

7.

Mr. Craig Ehrlich

1,000,000

N.A.

1.34

8.

Mr. D.K. Mittal

3,300,000

N.A.

4.44

9.

Mr. Manish Kejriwal

2,100,000

N.A.

2.82

10. Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi

1,100,000

N.A.

1.48

11. Mr. V.K. Viswanathan

1,500,000

N.A.

2.02

12. Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan

1,100,000

N.A.

1.48

Key Managerial Personnel other than Executive Directors

13. Mr. Badal Bagri, CFO (India & South Asia)

32,433,160#

16.75

43.61

14. Mr. Pankaj Tewari, Company Secretary

13,655,722^

15.89

18.36

Notes:

1.

The value of performance linked incentive (PLI) in remuneration of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) represents incentive @ 100% performance level.

For effective comparison, the PLI component of their remuneration for FY 2020-21 has also been considered @ 100% performance level.

2.

The members may note that there was an adjustment in the existing remuneration of Mr. Sunil Bharti Mittal, Chairman by 50% i.e. from `300 million to

`150 million w.e.f. April 1, 2020. The Board of Directors had approved the above on account of the enhanced role and split duties of Mr. Sunil Bharti Mittal

towards overseas operations / subsidiaries of the Company. The total remuneration fixed including from subsidiary/ ies remains unchanged from last

year. The details of the remuneration paid to the Chairman during financial year 2020-21 are disclosed in Corporate Governance Report forming part of

the Annual Report.

3.

Remuneration of Employees and KMPs does not include perquisite value of stock options exercised during FY 2020-21.

4.

In view of inadequate profits as computed under Section 198 of the Companies act, 2013, (“the Act”) for FY 2020-21, no commission is paid to Non-

Executive (including Independent) Directors during FY 2020-21. Accordingly, the percentage increase in the remuneration w.r.t. Non-Executive (including

Independent) Directors is not given in the table above. Consequent to the amendments made in Sections 149, 197 and Schedule V of the Companies

Act, 2013 by the Companies Amendment Act, 2020 effective from March 18, 2021, the approval of shareholders is being sought in the ensuing Annual

General Meeting to make payment of remuneration to Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Directors) by way of commission in the event of

losses/ inadequate profits.

*

The remuneration of Mr. Gopal Vittal excludes perquisite value of `105,446,280 towards exercise of stock options during FY 2020-21.

#

The remuneration of Mr. Badal Bagri excludes perquisite value of `14,186,980 towards exercise of stock options during FY 2020-21.

^

The remuneration of Mr. Pankaj Tewari excludes perquisite value of `6,061,250 towards exercise of stock options during FY 2020-21.

Annexure F

STATEMENT OF DISCLOSURE OF REMUNERATION UNDER SECTION 197(12) OF

COMPANIES ACT, 2013, READ WITH RULE 5(1) OF COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND

REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014

207

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated October 15, 2020.

We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants, the

Statutory Auditors of Bharti Airtel Limited (“the Company”),

have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance by the Company, for the year ended on March 31,

2021, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i)

of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (the Listing Regulations).

Managements’ Responsibility

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the

responsibility of the Management. This responsibility includes

the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control

and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions

of the Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and

implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring

compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It

is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial

statements of the Company.

We have examined the books of account and other relevant

records and documents maintained by the Company for the

purposes of providing reasonable assurance on the compliance

with Corporate Governance requirements by the Company.

We have carried out an examination of the relevant records

of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note on

Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of

the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI), the Standards on

Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act

2013, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate and

as per the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special

Purposes issued by the ICAI which requires that we comply with

the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements

of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for

Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial

Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services

Engagements.

Opinion

Based on our examination of the relevant records and according

to the information and explanations provided to us and the

representations provided by the Management, we certify that

the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses

(b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of

the Listing Regulations during the year ended March 31, 2021.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the

future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/ W-100018)

Nilesh H. Lahoti

Partner (Membership No. 130054)

(UDIN: 21130054AAAACH5256)

Place: New Delhi

Date: May 17, 2021

Annexure G

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

209

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO

(INDIA & SOUTH ASIA)

Airtel Management Board

GROUP GOVERNANCE UNIT

AIRTEL AFRICA PLC

(listed on premium segment of London

Stock Exchange)

Independent Board

Governance through

Executive Committee

Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee

1 Independent Director

2 Non-Independent Directors

Rakesh Bharti Mittal

Risk Management Committee

2 Independent Directors

2 Non-Independent Directors

D.K. Mittal

2 Non-Independent Directors

Stakeholders Relationship

Committee

2 Independent Directors

Rakesh Bharti Mittal

211

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO:

Since 2013, the positions of the Chairman of the Board and the: Managing Director & CEO of the Company are held by separate

individuals.

While the

Managing Director & CEO (India & South Asia), three Non-

Executive Directors and six Independent Directors including a

woman independent director. Independent Directors constitute

~ 55% of the Board’s strength – higher than the requirements

of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations. The

average tenure of members on our Board is 10.06 years as on

March 31, 2021.

Detailed profile of all the Board members is available on the

Company’s website at www.airtel.com in the ‘Investors’ section.

The Board represents a confluence of diverse backgrounds

with skills and experience and expertise in critical areas like

technology, global finance, telecommunication, entrepreneurship,

administrative services, consulting and general management.

Many of the Board members have worked extensively in Senior

Management positions in global corporations, and others are

business leaders of repute with a deep understanding of the

global business environment.

The Board also consists of a woman Independent director as

stipulated under Listing Regulations. There were three women

directors including one woman Independent director for a

significant part of the year. As on March 31, 2021, there were

two woman directors including one woman Independent.

The Board reviews its composition, skills and diversity from time

to time to ensure that it remains aligned with the statutory, as

well as business requirements.

Key Board skills, expertise and competencies

Following skills/ expertise/ competencies have been identified by the Board for its effective functioning. The Board comprises

qualified members who collectively bring in identified skills/ expertise/ competencies. The skills/ expertise/ competencies as

possessed by each director is also provided below separately.

Definitions of qualifications, expertise and attributes

Icons

Area of expertise / Skill

Strategic Leadership and management experience

Experience in guiding and leading management teams, leading and managing people, strategic planning, understanding

of organisational systems and processes and appreciation of long-term trends/ choices.

Technology and digital expertise

Background in technology and innovation, anticipation of technological trends, experience of creation of new business

ideas or models.

Industry and sector experience or knowledge

Knowledge and experience in telecom sector to provide strategic guidance to the management in fast changing

environment.

Financial and Risk Management

Wide-ranging financial skills, relevant experience of accounting and reporting, corporate finance and internal controls,

including assessing quality of financial controls to identify the key risks to the Company and monitor the effectiveness of

the risk management framework and practices.

Governance

Experience in developing governance practices, serving the best interest of all stakeholders, maintaining board and

management accountability, effective stakeholder engagements and commitment to highest standards of compliance,

corporate ethics and values.

Global Business/ International expertise

Experience of leading large organisations having international/ global businesses and understanding of multiple

geographies and cross-cultural business environment.

Public Policy

Understanding of the legal & regulatory landscape and policy developments on national and global scale including its

impact on dynamic business environment.

Social Impact/ Philanthropy

Relevant experience in the matters of Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability for long term value-creation.

Composition of the Board (%)

Executive Directors

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Directors

Non-Executive

Independent Directors

27

55

18

Independent Directors: 55%

Non-Executive Directors: 82%

213

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Ms. Chua Sock Koong

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Tao Yih Arthur Lang

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Craig Ehrlich

Independent Director

Mr. D.K. Mittal

Independent Director

Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan

Independent Director

Mr. Manish Kejriwal

Independent Director

Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi

Independent Director

Mr. V. K. Viswanathan

Independent Director

Board Membership Criteria and Selection Process

As per the Company’s Policy on Nomination, Remuneration

and Board Diversity, selection of a new Board member(s) is the

responsibility of the HR and Nomination Committee. The HR

and Nomination Committee has set forth a robust process for

selection of new directors ensuring the best interests of the

Company & its shareholders.

The HR and Remuneration Committee is responsible for

identifying and evaluating a suitable candidate for appointment

as director (executive, non-executive including independent)

on the Board. While selecting a candidate, the Committee

considers various criteria and leverages differences in factors

w.r.t. background, knowledge, skills, abilities & thought (to

exercise sound judgement), professional experience & functional

expertise, educational, professional, cultural and geographical

background, personal accomplishments, nationality, gender,

race, ethnicity, age, experience and understanding of the

telecommunication sector/ industry, marketing, technology,

finance and other disciplines relevant to the business. The

Committee also considers such other factors, relevant and

applicable from time to time towards achieving a diverse Board.

The Committee, based on evaluation of aforesaid criteria, makes

recommendations to the Board. The Board, on recommendation

of the Committee, recommends the appointment to the members

of the Company, wherever applicable, for their approval.

Independent Directors

The Company has a policy on Independent Directors, their

roles, responsibilities and duties, are consistent with the Listing

Regulations and Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013. It

sets out the criteria of independence, age limits, recommended

tenure, committee memberships, remuneration and other related

terms of appointment. The policy emphasises importance of

independence. As per the policy:

a)

The Independent Director must meet the baseline definition

and criteria on ‘independence’ as set out in Regulation 16

of Listing Regulations and Section 149(6) of the Companies

Act, 2013 and other applicable regulations.

b)

The Independent Director must not be disqualified from

being appointed as Director in terms of Section 164 and

other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.

c)

The minimum age is 25 years and the maximum is 75 years.

d)

The Independent Directors shall not serve on the Board

of more than seven listed companies and shall not serve

as an independent director in more than seven listed

entities. However, pursuant to the Listing Regulations,

if the Independent Director is serving as a Whole-time

Director in any listed company then he shall not serve as an

Independent Director in more than three listed companies.

e)

The maximum tenure is two terms of five years each.

However, the second term is subject to eligibility criterion

approved by shareholders by way of special resolution.

Bharti Airtel Limited

214

INTEGRATED REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter inter-alia sets out the

roles, functions, duties and responsibilities, details regarding

remuneration, training and development and performance

evaluation process. The detailed terms and conditions of

the appointment of Independent Directors are available

on the Company’s website i.e. https://s3-ap-southeast-1.

amazonaws.com/bsy/iportal/images/Terms-and-conditions-

of-appointment-of-Independent-Director_71431EDE0A09885D

5A367A04374E5FB5.pdf.

At the time of appointment and thereafter at the beginning of

each financial year, the Independent Directors submit a self-

declaration, confirming their independence and compliance

with various eligibility criteria laid down by the Company,

among other disclosures and the Company also ensures that its

Directors meet the above eligibility criteria. All such declarations

are placed before the Board for information.

In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors fulfil the

conditions specified in the Companies Act, 2013, rules made

thereunder and Listing Regulations and are independent of the

management.

Lead Independent Director

The Company has for a long time followed the practice of

appointing a Lead Independent Director. Mr. Craig Ehrlich is

currently designated as the Lead Independent Director and his

role and responsibilities, inter alia, are to:

» Preside over all deliberation sessions of the Independent

Directors.

» Provide objective feedback of the Independent Directors as a

group to the Board on various matters, including agenda and

other matters relating to the Company.

» Undertake such other assignments, as may be requested by

the Board from time to time.

Meeting of Independent Directors

The Independent Directors meet separately on a quarterly

basis prior to the commencement of Board meeting without the

presence of any Non-Independent Director or representatives of

management. They meet to discuss and form an independent

opinion on the agenda items, various other Board-related

matters, identify areas where they need clarity or information

from management and to annually review the performance

of Non-Independent Directors, the Board as a whole and the

Chairman. The Lead Independent Director updates the Board

about the proceedings of the meeting.

In these meetings, the Independent Directors also engage

with Statutory Auditors as well as Internal Assurance Partners

at least once a year, to discuss internal audit effectiveness,

control environment and their general feedback. The Chairman

and: Managing Director & CEO (India and South Asia) are also

invited occasionally to these meetings to generally discuss and

update about strategic matters. The Lead Independent Director

updates the Audit Committee/ the Board about the outcome

of the meetings and action, if any, required to be taken by the

Company.

During FY 2020-21, the Independent Directors met four times

i.e. on May 17, 2020, July 28, 2020, October 26, 2020 and

February 2, 2021.

Familiarisation programme for Board members

The Company has adopted a well-structured induction

programme for orientation and training of Directors at the time

of their joining so as to provide them with an opportunity to

familiarise themselves with the Company, its management, its

operations and the industry in which the Company operates.

The induction programme includes one-to-one interactive

sessions with the top management team, business and functional

heads among others, and also includes visit to networks centre

to understand the operations and technology. Apart from the

induction programme, the Company periodically presents

updates at the Board/ Committee meetings to familiarise the

Directors with the Company’s strategy, business performance

including Company’s digital ecosystem, product offerings,

finance, risk management framework, human resources and

other related matters. The Board members also visit Airtel outlets

and meet customers/ other stakeholders for gaining first-hand

experience about the products and services of the Company.

During the financial year 2020-21, the Board attended a

special session on ‘Airtel Digital Strategy’ focusing on how a

digital company like Airtel builds a scalable ecosystem of digital

platforms by strengthening its core businesses and offers

additional world-class digital services to its customers.

The Board has an active communication channel with the

executive management, which enables Board members to raise

queries, seek clarifications for enabling a good understanding

of the Company and its various operations. Quarterly updates,

strategic updates and mid-quarter updates are regularly shared

with the Board members to keep them abreast on significant

developments in the Company.

Details of the familiarisation programme for the Independent

directors are available on the Company’s website at https://

assets.airtel.in/teams/simplycms/web/docs/Familiarization_

Programme.pdf

Performance Evaluation

a) Evaluation process and mechanism:

In compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013, the Listing Regulations, guidance note issued by SEBI

on board evaluation and global best practices, the HR and

Nomination Committee, in its meeting held on February 3,

2021, deliberated and approved the structured process,

format, attributes, criteria and questionnaires as a whole, for

the performance evaluation of the Board, Board Committees

and Individual Directors including the

Managing Director & CEO (India & South Asia) who holds 1,048,559 equity shares, no other Director

of the Company holds shares in the Company.

The average attendance of the Directors at the Board meetings during FY 2020-21 was 94.80%.

219

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO (India & South Asia), CFO (India &

South Asia), the Chief Internal Auditor, the Statutory Auditors,

Internal Auditor and Internal Assurance Partners are permanent

invitees.

The Chairman of the Committee was present at the last AGM,

held on August 18, 2020.

During FY 2020-21, the Committee met five times i.e. on May 18,

2020, July 29, 2020, October 27, 2020, December 1, 2020 and

February 3, 2021.

Beside the Committee meetings as above, the Committee also

holds quarterly conference calls and/ or mid-quarter conference

calls before every regular Committee meeting to discuss

routine internal audit issues and other matters. This provides

an opportunity to the Committee to devote more time on other

significant matters in the regular Committee meeting. During

FY 2020-21, the Committee had met six times through the

conference calls i.e. April 21, 2020, July 14, 2020, July 22, 2020,

October 20, 2020, January 25, 2021 and February 17, 2021.

All recommendations made by the Audit Committee were

accepted by the Board.

The composition and the attendance of members at the meetings held during FY 2020-21, are given below:

Name

Category

Number of

meetings

attended (total

held during

tenure)

Number of

conference calls

attended (total

conducted during

tenure)

Mr. V. K. Viswanathan (Chairman)

Independent Director

5(5)

6(6)

Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan

Independent Director

5(5)

6(6)

Mr. Manish Kejriwal

Independent Director

5(5)

5(6)

Ms. Tan Yong Choo*

Non-Executive Director

3(3)

4(4)

Mr. Tao Yih Arthur Lang**

Non-Executive Director

2(2)

1(2)

*Ms. Tan Yong Choo, ceased to be member of the Committee w.e.f. October 27, 2020.

** Mr. Tao Yih Arthur Lang was appointed as member of the Committee w.e.f. October 27, 2020.

Key Responsibilities of the Audit Committee

» Oversee the Company’s financial reporting process and

the disclosure of its financial information, to ensure that the

financial statements are correct, sufficient and credible.

» Consider and recommend to the Board, the appointment

(including filling of a casual vacancy), resignation or

dismissal, remuneration and terms of appointment (including

qualification and experience) of the Statutory Auditor, Internal

Auditors/ Chief Internal Auditor, Cost Auditor and Secretarial

Auditor.

» Prior approval of non-audit services that can be provided by

the Statutory Auditors and approval of payment of such non-

audit services.

» Prior approval of all transactions with related party(ies),

subsequent modifications of transactions with related parties

and review of the statement of significant related party

transactions with specific details of the transactions.

» Discussion with the Statutory Auditors before the

commencement of audit about the nature and scope of the

audit to be conducted and post-audit discussion to ascertain

any areas of concern.

» To call for comments of the Auditors about internal control

system, including the observation of the Auditors, review

financial statement before their submission to the Board

and discussion on any related issues with the Internal and

Statutory Auditors and the management of the Company.

» Review, with the Management, the quarterly financial

statements before submission to the Board for approval.

» Review, with the Management, the annual financial

statements and Auditor’s Report thereon before

submission to the Board for approval, with particular

reference to:

» Matters required to be included in the Directors’

responsibility statement, included in the Board’s report in

terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3 of Section 134 of the

Companies Act, 2013.

» Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and

reasons for the same.

Bharti Airtel Limited

222

INTEGRATED REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter/ letters of internal control

weaknesses issued by the Statutory Auditors.

c)

Internal Audit Reports relating to internal control

weaknesses.

d)

The financial statements, in particular the investments,

if any, made by unlisted subsidiary companies.

e)

Quarterly compliance certificates confirming

compliance with laws and regulations, including any

exceptions to these compliances.

» Oversee the functioning of the Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle

Blower Mechanism.

» Establish the systems for storage, retrieval and display of

books of accounts and other financial records in electronic

format.

» Review the findings of any internal investigation by the

Internal Auditors into matters where there is suspected fraud

or irregularity, or a failure of internal control systems of a

material nature and reporting the matter to the Board.

» Review the reasons for substantial defaults, if any, in the

payment to the depositors, debenture holders, shareholders

(in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors,

if any.

» Approve the appointment, re-appointment and removal

of Company’s Chief Financial Officer after assessing the

qualifications, experience and background, among others,

of the candidate.

» Review the Company’s financial and risk management

policies, implementation of treasury policies, strategies and

status of investor relation activities.

» Ensure that the internal audit function is effective, adequately

resourced, and to review coordination between Internal and

Statutory Auditors.

» Review the state and adequacy of internal controls with key

members of the Management, Statutory Auditors and Internal

Auditors.

» Discuss with the Internal Auditor the coverage, functioning,

frequency and methodology of internal audits as per the

annual audit plan and discuss significant findings and follow

up thereon.

» Review and monitor the Statutory and Internal Auditor’s

independence, performance and effectiveness of audit

process.

» Review and scrutinise the inter-corporate loans and

investments

» Reviewing the utilisation of loans and/ or advances from/

investment in the subsidiary company exceeding rupees 100

crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is

lower including existing loans/ advances/ investments.

» Monitor and review with the Management, the statement of

uses/ application of funds raised through an issue (public

issue, right issue and preferential issue, among others), the

statement of funds utilised for purposes, other than those

stated in the offer document/ prospectus/ notice and the

report submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring the

utilisation of proceeds of a public or right issue, and making

appropriate recommendations to the Board to take up steps

in this matter.

» Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever

necessary.

» Appointment of a registered valuer of the Company and

fixation of their terms and conditions.

» Evaluation of internal financial controls.

» Delegate above said functions to Sub-Committees, whenever

required.

The Audit Committee shall also undertake such other functions,

as may be assigned by the Board of Directors from time to

time, or as may be stipulated under any law, rule or regulation

including the Listing Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013.

Powers of the Audit Committee

» Investigate any activity within its terms of reference.

» Seek any information that it requires from any employee of the

Company, and all employees have been directed to cooperate

with any request made by the Committee.

» Obtain outside legal or independent professional advice.

» Secure attendance of outsiders with relevant expertise.

» Access sufficient resources to carry out its duties.

Consolidated fees paid to statutory auditor

Total fees for all services paid by the Company and its

subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the statutory auditors

and all entities in the network firm/ network entity of which it is

a part, is given below:

Particulars

Amount (` in Mn)

Audit Fees*

442

Other services

136

Total

578

*Includes out-of-pocket expenses

223

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director or the Manager; ii) the Company Secretary; iii) the Whole-

time Director; iv) the Chief Financial Officer.

**Senior Management’ means personnel of the Company who are members

of its core management team excluding Board of Directors, comprising all

members of the Management one level below the chief executive officer/: managing director/ whole time director/ manager (including chief executive

officer/ manager, in case they are not part of the board) and shall specifically

include company secretary and chief financial officer.

Key matters considered by the HR and Nomination Committee

Activities of the Committee during the year

Frequency

Review of HR Update – India & South Asia comprising of key metrics including head count (on roll, contractual, targets

and trend); HR metrics: attrition, diversity, cost, L&D and engagement etc; change in senior management; workforce

related changes/movements arising out of M&A activities; serious accidents and other incidents, if any; internal

auditors’ report on human resource related issues/ observations & actions taken and forecast of CEO/ Company

performance versus targets etc.

Q

Review of detailed Succession planning framework including specific listing of critical talent, successor readiness

timeline/ contingency plan for each position and key metrics including criteria of identification of successors, their

coaching, mentorship, development and engagement etc.

H

Approval of Rolling Agenda of the Committee, fixed in advance for the year to discuss planned key agenda items

quarter on quarter including progress on HR priorities.

A

Approval of Key Result Areas (KRAs) of the

letter or writing in connection with the aforesaid

activities, including borrowing/ credit facilities, creation of

charge.

Allotment of Shares

» Issue and allot shares of the Company in one or more tranches

as per the terms of the ESOP Schemes for the time being in

force or upon conversion of Foreign Currency Convertible

Bonds issued by the Company.

» To seek listing of shares issued as above on one or more Stock

Exchanges in India and all such shares being pari-passu with

the existing equity shares of the Company in all respects.

» To do all such acts, deeds and things, as may be necessary

and incidental to allotment and listing of shares.

General Authorisations

» To open, shift, merge, close any branch office, circle office.

» To approve for participation into any tender, bid, auction by

the Company.

» To register the Company with any Central/ State Government

authorities, Semi-Government authorities, local authorities,

tax authorities including sales tax, service tax, value added tax

authorities, labour law authorities, administrative authorities,

business associations and other bodies.

» To purchase, sell, take on lease/ license, transfer or otherwise

deal with any property.

» To apply for and surrender any electricity, power or water

connection.

» To appoint any Merchant Banker, Chartered Accountant,

Advocate, Company Secretary, Engineer, Technician,

Consultants and/ or Professionals for undertaking any

assignment for and on behalf of the Company.

» To constitute, reconstitute, modify, dissolve any trust or

association with regard to the administrative matters or

employee related matters and to appoint, reappoint, remove,

replace the trustees or representatives.

» To authorise one or more employee(s), officer(s),

representative(s), consultant(s), professional(s), or agent(s)

jointly or severally to:

» represent the Company before Central Government, State

Governments, Judicial, Quasi-judicial and other statutory/

administrative authorities or any other entity.

» negotiate, finalise, execute, modify, sign, accept, and

withdraw all deed, agreements, undertakings, certificates,

applications, confirmations, affidavits, indemnity bonds,

surety bonds, and all other documents and papers.

» affix common seal of the Company.

» enter into, sign, execute and deliver all contracts for and on

behalf of the Company.

» To do all such acts, deeds and things as may be required for

the smooth conduct of the operations of the Company and

which does not require the specific approval of the Board of

the Company or which has specifically been delegated by

the Board to any other Committee of the Board or any officer,

employee or agent of the Company.

» To perform such other functions as may be authorised/

delegated by the Board or as might have been authorised/

delegated to the erstwhile Borrowing Committee, Investment

Committee, Committee of Director or the Allotment

Committee.

» To authorise/ delegate any or all of its power to any person,

officer, representative.

Airtel Corporate Council (ACC)

» Airtel Corporate Council is a non-statutory committee,

constituted by the Board for strategic management and

supervision of the Company’s operations within the approved

framework.

» ACC is headed by the Chairman of the Company and

comprises the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (India and South Asia) for the financial year

ended March 31, 2019.

5. Payment of remuneration to Mr. Sunil Bharti Mittal, Chairman for the period

April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2021 or for such shorter period as may be

prescribed under applicable laws.

6. Payment of remuneration to Mr. Gopal Vittal,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (India & South Asia),

Mr. Badal Bagri, CFO, Mr. Pankaj Tewari, Company Secretary

and Mr. Rohit Krishan Puri, Deputy Company Secretary were

appointed as persons responsible for the entire postal ballot/

e-voting process. Mr. Devesh Kumar Vasisht (FCS-8488; C.P.

No. 13700) and failing him, Ms. Priyanka (FCS-10898; C.P. No.

16187), Partners of M/s. Sanjay Grover & Associates, Company

Secretaries were appointed as the Scrutiniser for conducting the

postal ballot/ e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.

Procedure followed

1.

In compliance with the Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing

Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

and Section 108, 110 and other applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013, read with the rules made thereunder,

the Company provided electronic voting facility to all its

members, to enable them to cast their votes electronically.

The Company engaged the services of KFin Technologies

Private Limited (KFin) for the purpose of providing e-voting

facility. The members had to vote by e-voting, the option

to vote by physical ballot papers was not provided to the

members due to spread of COVID-19 pandemic.

2.

The Company dispatched the postal ballot notice dated

January 7, 2021 containing draft resolutions together

with the explanatory statements to the members whose

names appeared in the register of members/ list of

beneficiaries as on cut-off date i.e. Friday, January 1, 2021

(“cut-off date”). The Company also published a notice in the

newspaper declaring the details of completion of dispatch

on January 10, 2021 and other requirements as mandated

under the Act and applicable rules.

233

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO (India &

South Asia), regarding affirmation of the compliance with the

Code of Conduct by Board Members and Senior Management

for the financial year ended March 31, 2021, is annexed as

Annexure A to this report.

As a process, an annual confirmation is also sought from all

employees. All employees are expected to confirm compliance

to the Code annually. Regular training programmes/

workshops/e-learnings/self- certifications are conducted

across locations to explain and reiterate the importance of

adherence to the Code.

Besides above, the Company also procures a quarterly

confirmation of material financial and commercial transactions

entered into by Senior Management with the Company that may

have a potential conflict of interest.

Risk Management Framework

The Company has established an enterprise-wide risk

management (ERM) framework to optimally identify and

manage risks, as well as to address operational, strategic and

regulatory risks. In line with the Company’s commitment to

deliver sustainable value, this framework aims to provide an

integrated and organised approach to evaluate and manage

risks. Risk assessment monitoring is included in the Company’s

annual Internal Audit programme and reviewed by the Audit

Committee/ Risk Management Committee at regular intervals. In

compliance with Regulation 17 and 21 of the Listing Regulations,

the Board of Directors has formulated a Risk Management Policy

for framing, implementing and monitoring the risk management

plan for the Company.

The Board is periodically updated on the key risks, steps and

processes initiated for reducing and, if feasible, eliminating

various risks. Business risk evaluation and management is an

ongoing process within the Company.

Detailed update on risk management framework has been

covered under the risk section, forming a part of the Annual

Integrated Report.

Ombudsperson Policy/ Whistle Blower Policy

Bharti Airtel has adopted an Ombudsperson Policy (includes

Whistle Blower Policy). It outlines the method and process

for stakeholders to voice genuine concerns about unethical

Bharti Airtel Limited

234

INTEGRATED REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter

and its spirit e.g. all the transactions done by DPs require pre-

clearance irrespective of value or quantum. The Code, inter alia,

lays down the procedures to be followed by DPs while trading/

dealing in Company shares/ derivatives and while sharing

Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI). The Code

includes the obligations and responsibilities of DPs, obligation

to maintain the digital database, mechanism for prevention of

insider trading and handling of UPSI, process to familiarise with

the sensitivity of UPSI, transactions which are prohibited and

manner in which permitted transactions in the securities of the

Company shall be carried out etc.

A Monitoring Committee has been constituted by the Board to

review the list of DPs, trading by DPs, implementation of policies

under the PIT Regulations, etc. A report on insider trading,

covering trading by DPs and various initiatives/ actions taken

by the Company under the PIT is also placed before the Audit

Committee and its Chairman on half yearly basis.

The Company periodically circulates the informatory e-mails

along with the FAQs on Insider Trading Policy, Dos and Don’ts

etc. to the employees/ new employees to familiarise them with

the provisions of the Code. The Company conducts frequent

workshops/ training sessions to educate and sensitise the

employees/ designated persons.

Corporate policies

The Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, stipulate

formulation of certain policies for all listed companies. The

Company is committed to the highest standards of governance.

Key policies / codes adopted by the Company are provided in

Annexure B to this report.

F. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

a) Quarterly financial results

Following the highest standards of Corporate Governance,

the Company has been announcing its quarterly audited

financial results since over a decade now. The results are

published in prominent daily newspapers, viz. Mint (English

daily) and Hindustan (vernacular newspaper) and are also

uploaded on the Company’s website at www.airtel.com.

b) Official news releases

Official news releases and media releases are sent to Stock

Exchanges and uploaded on the Company’s website at

www.airtel.com.

c) Earning Calls & presentations to Institutional

Investors/ Analysts

The Company organises earnings call with analysts and

investors on the next day of announcement of results, which

is also uploaded on the Company’s website. The transcript

of the earnings call is posted on the website soon after.

Presentations made to institutional investors and financial

analysts on the financial results is filed with the stock

exchanges and uploaded on the Company’s website.

d) Corporate announcements of material

information

The Company disseminates the requisite corporate

announcements and material information through NSE

Electronic Application Processing System (NEAPS)/ BSE

Listing Centre. The NEAPS/ BSE Listing Centre is a web-

based application and periodical fillings like shareholding

pattern, corporate governance report, financial results,

material/ price sensitive information, etc., are filed

electronically on such designated platforms.

e) Website: Members can also access Corporate policies,

Board committee charters, Memorandum and Articles of

Association, financial information, details w.r.t. dividend &

transfer to IEPF and shareholding information etc., available

on the website.

235

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Separate individuals hold the positions of Chairman of the

Board, and the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (India & South Asia)

Bharti Airtel Limited

242

INTEGRATED REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO (India & South Asia) and Badal Bagri, CFO (India and South Asia) of Bharti Airtel Limited,

to the best of our knowledge and belief hereby certify that:

(a) We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year ended March 31, 2021 and that to the best of

our knowledge and belief:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might

be misleading;

(ii) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing

accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

(b) There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which are

fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

(c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated the

effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the Auditors

and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the

steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

(d) We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:

(i)

significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

(ii) significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the financial

statements; and

(iii) instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or

an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Place: New Delhi

Badal Bagri

Gopal Vittal

Date: May 17, 2021

CFO (India and South Asia): Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No.: 094468

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: London, England

DIN: 02291778

Place: Gurugram, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Gurugram, India

Date: May 17, 2021

Bharti Airtel Limited

254

INTEGRATED REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No.: 094468

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: London, England

DIN: 02291778

Place: Gurugram, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Gurugram, India

Date: May 17, 2021

255

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No.: 094468

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: London, England

DIN: 02291778

Place: Gurugram, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Gurugram, India

Date: May 17, 2021

Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity

(All amounts are in millions of Indian Rupee; unless stated otherwise)

257

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No.: 094468

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: London, England

DIN: 02291778

Place: Gurugram, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Gurugram, India

Date: May 17, 2021

259

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No.: 094468

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: London, England

DIN: 02291778

Place: Gurugram, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Gurugram, India

Date: May 17, 2021

Bharti Airtel Limited

326

INTEGRATED REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No.: 094468

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: London, England

DIN: 02291778

Place: Gurugram, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Gurugram, India

Date: May 17, 2021

327

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No.: 094468

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: London, England

DIN: 02291778

Place: Gurugram, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Gurugram, India

Date: May 17, 2021

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

(All amounts are in millions of Indian Rupee; unless stated otherwise)

329

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No.: 094468

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: London, England

DIN: 02291778

Place: Gurugram, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Gurugram, India

Date: May 17, 2021

331

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO (India & South Asia)

Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan

Mr. Manish Kejriwal

Ms. Nisaba Godrej

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal

Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi

Mr. Tao Yih Arthur Lang

Mr. V. K. Viswanathan

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Badal Bagri

Company Secretary

Mr. Pankaj Tewari

Statutory Auditors

Deloitte Haskins & Sells, LLP

Chartered Accountants

Chief Internal Auditor

Mr. Anil Jeet Singh Riat

Internal Assurance Partners

Ernst & Young LLP

ANB & Co., Chartered Accountants

Cost Auditors

Sanjay Gupta & Associates

Cost Accountants

Secretarial Auditors

Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

Registered Office

Airtel Center, Plot No. 16,

Udyog Vihar, Phase-IV,

Gurugram – 122015, India

Corporate Office

Bharti Crescent,

1, Nelson Mandela Road,

Vasant Kunj, Phase – II,

New Delhi – 110 070,

India

Website

http://www.airtel.com

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

