Managing Director of the

Company for the FY 2020-21 and if thought fit, to pass, the

following resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 196, 197

and 198 read with Schedule V and other applicable provisions, if

any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) (including any amendment,

modification or re-enactment thereof), the rules, regulations, directions,

and notifications issued/ framed thereunder and the Articles of

Association of the Company and basis the recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee and that of the Board of

Directors of the Company, consent of the members be and is hereby

accorded for payment of fixed managerial remuneration made to

Mr. Ajay Bijli, Chairman and: Managing

letter on such

terms and conditions and to such person(s) as the Board deems fit, for

an aggregate amount not exceeding ` 500,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five

Hundred Crores).

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this

resolution, the Board or Finance Committee or any other committee

which the Board may constitute thereof be and are hereby severally

authorised to finalise, settle, execute and amend such documents

including but not limited to private placement offer: letter, information

memorandum, debenture subscription agreement, debenture trust deed,

addendum, memoranda, deeds, documents, writings, undertaking,

guarantee, indemnity, etc. as may be required and to do all such acts,

deeds, matters and things, as it may in its absolute discretion deem

necessary, proper or desirable, incidental or expedient in respect of

issuance of the NCDs.”

By order of the Board

For PVR Limited

Place: New Delhi

Mukesh Kumar

Date: June 02, 2021

Company Secretary

NOTES:

1.

The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the

Companies Act, 2013, is enclosed herewith and forms part of this

Notice.

2.

In view of the prevailing situation across the country due to

outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and restrictions on the

movement apart from social distancing, the Ministry of Corporate

Affairs (“MCA”) has vide its circular dated May 5, 2020 read

together with circulars dated April 8, 2020, April 13, 2020 and

January 13, 2021 (collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”)

permitted convening of the Annual General Meeting through

Video Conferencing (“VC”) or Other Audio Visual Means

(“OAVM”), without the physical presence of the members at a

common venue. In accordance with the MCA Circulars, provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the

Annual General Meeting of the Company is being held through

VC / OAVM. The deemed venue for the Annual General Meeting

shall be the Registered Office of the Company. In compliance

with applicable provisions of the Act read with aforesaid MCA

circulars, the 26th Annual General Meeting of the Company is

being conducted through Video Conferencing (VC) herein after

called as “e-AGM”.

3.

Generally, a member entitled to attend and vote at the meeting

is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on a poll

instead of himself and the proxy need not be a member of the

Company. Since this e-AGM is being held pursuant to the MCA

Circulars, physical attendance of members has been dispensed

with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies by the

members will not be available for the e-AGM and hence the

Proxy Form and Attendance Slip are not annexed hereto. Kindly

also note that the participation of Members through VC will be

reckoned for the purpose of quorum in accordance with Section

103 of the Act. It is hereby clarified that pursuant to Section 113 of

the Companies Act, 2013 representatives of Members other than

Individuals, may be appointed for the purpose of voting through

remote e-voting or for participation in the meeting held through

VC/ OAVM.

4.

Since this Annual General Meeting will be held through VC/

OAVM, the route map of the venue of the Meeting is not annexed

hereto.

5.

In compliance with the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars dated

May 12, 2020 and January 15, 2021, Notice of the Annual

General Meeting along with the Annual Report 2020-21 is being

sent only through electronic mode to those Members whose

email addresses are registered with the Company/ Depositories.

Members may note that the Notice and Annual Report will

also be available on the websites of the Company, the Stock

Exchanges, i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of

India Limited and that of the Registrar and Transfer Agent, KFin

Technologies Private Limited (“KFinTech”) at https://evoting.

kfintech.com.

6.

For the purpose of e-mail of this notice, members of the Company

holding shares either in physical form or in de-materialised

form as on August 27, 2021, have been considered. Members

who have acquired shares after August 27, 2021 and before

September 21, 2021 may approach the Company/KFinTech for

issuance of the User ID and Password for exercising their right to

vote by electronic means.

7.

Queries, if any, regarding accounts may please be sent to the

Company Secretary at least 10 days before the date of Annual

General Meeting so as to enable the Company to suitably reply.

8.

The Register of

Letter etc., authorising

its representative to attend the AGM through VC

/ OAVM on its behalf and to cast its vote through

remote e-voting. Together with attested specimen

signature(s) of the duly authorised representative(s),

to the Scrutiniser at email id aruncs.gupta@gmail.com

with a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com. The

scanned image of the above-mentioned documents

should be in the naming format “PVR LIMITED Event

No. 6157”

(B)

Members whose email IDs are not registered with the

Company/Depository Participants(s), and consequently the

Annual Report, Notice of AGM and e-voting instructions

cannot be serviced will have to follow the following

process:

i.

Members who have not registered their email address

and in consequence the Annual Report, Notice of

AGM and e-voting instructions cannot be serviced,

may temporarily get their email address and mobile

number provided with KFinTech, by accessing the link:

https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/mobilereg/

mobileemailreg.aspx. Members are requested to

follow the process as guided to capture the email

address and mobile number for sending the soft copy

of the notice and e-voting instructions along with

the User ID and Password. In case of any queries,

member may write to einward.ris@kfintech.com.

ii.

Alternatively, member may send an e-mail request

at the email id einward.ris@kfintech.com along with

scanned copy of the signed copy of the request: letter

providing the email address, mobile number, self-

attested PAN copy and Client Master copy in case of

electronic folio and copy of share certificate in case of

physical folio for sending the Annual report, Notice of

AGM and the e-voting instructions.

iii.

After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow

all steps above to cast your vote by electronic means.

Details on Step 3 are mentioned below:

II)

Instructions for all the shareholders, including Individual,

other than Individual and Physical, for attending the AGM

of the Company through VC/OAVM and e-Voting during

the meeting.

i.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM

through VC / OAVM platform provided by KFinTech.

Members may access the same at https://emeetings.

kfintech.com/ by using the e-voting login credentials

provided in the email received from the Company/

KFinTech. After logging in, click on the Video Conference

tab and select the EVEN of the Company. Click on the

video symbol and accept the meeting etiquettes to join the

meeting. Please note that the members who do not have the

User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the

User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following

the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned above.

ii.

Facility for joining AGM though VC/ OAVM shall open

at least fifteen minutes before the commencement of the

Meeting.

iii.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops/ Desktops with Google Chrome (preferred

browser), Safari, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla

Firefox 22.

iv.

Members will be required to grant access to the webcam

to enable VC / OAVM. Further, Members connecting from

Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting

via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss

due to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore

recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to

mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

v.

As the AGM is being conducted through VC / OAVM, for

the smooth conduct of proceedings of the AGM, Members

are encouraged to express their views / send their queries

in advance mentioning their name, demat account number

/ folio number, email id, mobile number at cosec@

pvrcinemas.com. Questions /queries received by the

Company till 05:00 p.m. on September 25, 2021 shall only

be considered and responded during the AGM.

vi.

The Members who have not cast their vote through remote

e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote through e-voting

system available during the AGM. E-voting during the AGM

is integrated with the VC / OAVM platform. The Members

may click on the voting icon displayed on the screen to cast

their votes.

vii.

A Member can opt for only single mode of voting i.e.,

through Remote e-voting or voting at the AGM. If a

Member casts votes by both modes, then voting done

through Remote e-voting shall prevail and vote at the AGM

shall be treated as invalid.

viii. Facility of joining the AGM through VC / OAVM shall

be available for at least 2000 members on first come first

served basis.

ix.

Institutional Members are encouraged to attend and vote at

the AGM through VC / OAVM.

7

NOTICE

letter for the appointment of Mr. Gregory Adam

Foster as an Independent Director setting out the terms and conditions

is available for inspection as per the details given in the Notes forming

part of this Notice.

The Board recommends the ordinary resolution as set out at Item No. 3

for your approval.

Mr. Gregory Adam Foster is interested in this resolution to the extent of

his appointment as Independent Director of the Company. No other

Director of the Company, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives

, is in any way concerned or interested in the proposed resolution,

except to the extent of their respective shareholding, if any.

ITEM NO(s). 4 to 8

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 149 read with Section 197 and

198 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), Rules made thereunder

and Schedule V of the Act, company may pay to its Non-executive

directors (including Independent Directors) remuneration upto 1% of the

Net Profits of the company (excluding sitting fees).

Further, Ministry of Corporate Affairs has vide its notification dated

March 18, 2021 amended Schedule V of the Act, by allowing the

companies to pay remuneration to the Non-Executive Directors

(including Independent Directors) upto the defined thresholds

(excluding sitting fees), even in the case of loss or inadequacy of profits.

During the FY 2020-21, the Company’s operations were adversely

affected due to COVID-19 pandemic and thus it has incurred significant

losses calculated in accordance with Section 198 of the Act. In

accordance with the provisions of Schedule V to the Act, in case of

inadequacy of profits or loss, a company may pay remuneration to its

Non-executive directors based on the Effective Capital of the company.

The Effective Capital of your Company as of March 31, 2021 was

` 3,19,928 Lakhs. In terms of the thresholds given under Section II

Part II of Schedule V of the Act, the Board proposes to pay/has paid

following remuneration to the Independent Directors of the Company

for the FY 2020-21 (excluding sitting fees):

(a)

Mr. Sanjai Vohra- ` 24 Lacs

(b)

Mr. Gregory Adam Foster- ` 8,04,983 (USD 10,746);

(c)

Ms. Deepa Misra Harris- ` 18 Lacs;

(d)

Mr. Vikram Bakshi- ` 20 Lacs; and

(e)

Ms. Pallavi Shardul Shroff- ` 18 Lacs

Further, in accordance with the provisions of Schedule V of the Act, the

payment of above remuneration requires approval of the members vide

ordinary resolution.

The Board recommends the said resolutions as set out at Item No(s). 4

to 8 for your approval.

Mr. Sanjai Vohra, Mr. Gregory Adam Foster, Ms. Deepa Misra Harris,

Mr. Vikram Bakshi and Ms. Pallavi Shardul Shroff are concerned

or interested in their respective resolutions to the extent of their

remuneration. No other Director of the Company, Key Managerial

Personnel or their relatives, are in any way concerned or interested

in the proposed resolution, except to the extent of their respective

shareholdings, if any.

9

NOTICE:

Managing Director of the Company,

comprising annual fixed salary of ` 5,49,99,600 plus variable

remuneration by way of commission @ 3.90% of net profits of the

Company payable annually (with an increment @ 8% per annum of

the fixed remuneration) from FY 2018-19 up to expiry of his term in

FY 2022-23; and (ii) Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing

Managing Director and liable to retire by rotation as

Executive Director

Appointed for a period of 5 years, effective October

21, 2020, not liable to retire by rotation

Details of remuneration and remuneration last

drawn

As per the details given in the Report on Corporate

Governance, forming part of the Annual Report for

the FY 2020-21

USD 35000 as remuneration p.a. subject to

shareholders approval. He was paid ` 8,04,983

(USD 10,746) remuneration for the the FY 2020-21.

No sitting fee has been paid to him.

Directorship held in other companies (excluding

foreign companies)

PVR Pictures Limited and Priya Exhibitors Private

Limited

NIL

Committees membership/ chairmanships held in

other companies (excluding foreign companies)

NIL

NIL

Number of shares/Convertible Instrument, either in

individual capacity or on a beneficial basis, held

in the Company, as on the date of appointment

40,86,950 as on the date of this Notice

NIL

Membership/ Chairmanships of Committees of the

Board

As per the details given in the Report on Corporate

Governance, forming part of the Annual Report for

the FY 2020-21

NIL

Relationship with any Director(s) , Manager(s) and

other Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

None

None

Number of Board meetings attended during the FY

2020-21

7 of 7

2 of 3*

*Mr. Gregory Adam Foster was appointed as an Additional Director on the Board of the Company w.e.f. October 21, 2020.

THE STATEMENT CONTAINING ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AS REQUIRED UNDER

SCHEDULE V TO THE ACT

I.

General Information

Nature of Industry

The Company has been engaged in the business of Film Exhibition and Food & Beverages.

Date or expected date of commencement of

commercial production

The Company was incorporated on April 26, 1995. The Company had since then commenced its business.

In case of new Companies, expected date

of commencement of activities as per project

approved by financial institutions appearing in the

prospectus:

Not Applicable

Financial Performance based on given indicators

(` in Lakhs)

Particulars

FY 2020-21

FY 2019-20

FY 2018-19

FY 2017-18

Revenue from Operations

22,572

3,28,436

3,03,935

2,24,612

Profit/(Loss) for the year

(72,358)

2,334

17,757

11,142

Profit/(Loss) under

Section 198

N.A.

(loss in this year)

13,677

35,465

20,908

Foreign Investment or collaborations, if any:

Not Applicable

12

PVR LIMITED:

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

FY 2020-21 was a challenging year for the entire world, and being in a

customer-centric industry, we travelled together with our patrons through the

trough and crest of the year. As the year began, we had a fair understanding that

things would not be smooth sailing, and the way the year panned out, showed

that our assessment had been right. We worked amid many constraints, restrictions

and shutdowns. Despite all this, our people came together to help us overcome

these unprecedented times in what will forever remain one of the most remarkable

years in recent memory.

There were two things we turned our attention

to during this time. One, taking care of our

people and two, managing the operational

challenges. We created five task forces for

liquidity management, government relations,

the film industry, customer engagement, and

operations. Together with our partners, we

worked on cost optimisation measures while our

corporate team and staff took a pay cut on their

own volition to further bring down operating

costs. We were able to balance all fronts and

were looking eagerly for resumption of the

joy run even as second wave of the pandemic

made its appearance.

As the vaccination drive in India picks up, we

are hopeful that this phase will soon be behind

us. We believe that India’s robust film-making

sector and pent-up customer demand will

bring back the audiences to the theatres sooner

rather than later. In any case, we will find our

way to continue delighting our patrons with

best-in-class service and safety standards.

SAFETY-FIRST APPROACH

Our priority right now is to safeguard our

people and prepare for the impending

reopening of the theatres. PVR employs

around 7,763 (including off roll) people as of

FY 2020-21. As of July 31, 2021, 100% of our

employees are vaccinated with at least a single

dose of vaccination. During the year, we set

up a task force to take care of our employees

and their dependants who were impacted by

COVID-19. We provided food, transportation,

ambulances, medicines, oxygen concentrators,

doctors on call and assistance on vaccination

to our staff.

AJAY BIJLI

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Sanjeev Kumar

Joint: Managing

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

This has been a year when the world

experienced uncertainty and the impediments

of the ongoing health crisis. Amid the

adversity, the pandemic paved the way for the

best of humanity to shine, even as vaccination

provided the long-term solution towards

normalisation. While our cinemas were closed

for seven months, the organisational values

that we built over the past two decades

showed its brilliance through a determined

and united front. We look forward to the next

year with optimism, as a vaccinated workforce

and completely safe cinemas welcome it

patrons back.

CONSTANT

COMMUNICATION, THE

SOLE AGENDA

As we went into lockdown, the senior

leadership made sure to maintain constant

communication with their teams to inquire

about their well-being. We saw a dramatic

shift in the work culture, team engagement and

a keen sense of ownership and determination

among employees. There was a lot more

empathy and gratitude seen among our

people towards the organisation. We stayed

connected through special newsletters,

publishing verified information on advisories

on COVID-19 management and town hall

meetings.

GETTING READY FOR THE

UNKNOWN

As a brand that sets its benchmark with the

world’s best, we sought guidance from the

Global Cinema Federation to develop SOPs,

and designed trainings for our staff to prepare

for an evolved way of work. As leaders within

the cinema exhibition industry, we played a

significant role with Multiplex Association of

India to arrive at a detailed and enhanced

safety and precaution plan. We also made

several representations to the government to

assure them on our preparedness to re-open

cinemas.

We unveiled our own set of enhanced safety

measures and procedures, ‘PVR Cares’ for

customers and employees, as part of our

commitment to provide a secure movie-going

experience. We covered every touch point in

the customer journey at the cinema. In order

to achieve higher levels of excellence, we

set the Standard Operation Process (SOP)

as Minimum Operating Process (MOP).

We partnered with Dettol to deliver an

industry-defining standard of cleanliness and

disinfection.

We also ensured continuous training of our

staff to hone their skills and inspire them to

re-discover themselves. We maximised the

capability of our learning platform, through

self-paced learnings as well as virtual,

instructor-led workshops. Equipping our future

leaders with necessary skills, our workshops

were aimed at influencing the adaptability

quotient of our staff to make them more

versatile.

The teams brainstormed to redefine the

movie-viewing experience for our patrons

such that it makes them feel safe, special and

emotionally connected. The programmes that

we developed were aimed at transitioning

from reactive to proactive customer connect.

STAYING CONNECTED WITH

OUR PATRONS

As per our endeavour to delight, create

and retain loyal customers, we ran targeted

campaigns to renew their enthusiasm around

watching movies after we reopen. We kept

our patrons engaged on our social channels,

website and app every month, with regular

updates on the suite of amazing movies

coming their way after the lockdown. We

engaged in meaningful storytelling with our

consumers that amplified the experiences at

PVR and kept the spirit high.

The PVR Care Film was extensively promoted to

build consumer confidence, including inviting

media for a demonstration of the on-ground

safety mandates being followed by us.

THINKING OUT OF THE BOX

Being a restless brand that thinks way ahead

of times, we always try to reinvent and adapt

with the changing business landscape. During

the lockdown, we wanted to start a few ‘Out

of Cinema’ initiatives to go beyond brick and

mortar. We realised that while our patrons

were consuming movies on OTT platforms at

home, they were missing the PVR popcorn.

In order to rekindle the relationship of great

content with tasty popcorn for our patrons,

PVR Popmagic was born as a homegrown

popcorn brand. It is a first-time microwave

popcorn offered with specially curated

seasonings for the Indian market by Celebrity

Chef Sarah Todd. A gluten-free, 100% whole

grain, imported, premium quality corn with

the highest expansion was launched with four

popular flavours, Cinema Butter, Light Salted,

Lemon Pepper and Mexican Cheese.

A LONG WAIT FINALLY

COMES TO AN END

Cinemas were allowed to open with 50%

capacity under Unlock 5.0 guidelines on

October 15, announced by the Ministry

of Information and Broadcasting. We saw

staggered opening of cinemas as every state

took its own time to extend permission to reopen.

Our revival strategy of regaining confidence

and rebuilding business revolved around four

phases. The Relaunch phase in the first two

weeks was to reinforce our preparedness, the

Evangelist phase from September to October

was aimed at mitigating the impact of guest

apprehension and lack of content through

goodwill screenings for corona warriors, film

festivals, such as ‘Unmissable Hits’, ‘Return

of the Blockbusters’, ‘Yash Raj Film Festival’,

‘Valentine Week Festival’ playing old movies

while keeping ticket prices lower than usual.

We launched ‘Private Viewing Cinema’,

offering patrons the option to book an

entire auditorium for a private and exclusive

screening in the company of their friends and

family on a date and time of their choice.

The Excitement phase between October and

December played on the consumers’ festive

mood. New Bengali movies released during

Durga Puja and South Indian movies during

Pongal drew huge opening week footfalls

to theatres and boosted the confidence of

the industry. The Sustenance phase between

January and March aimed at moving business

to normalcy, leading to encouraging response

from movies, such as Tenet, Wonder Woman

1984, Master (Tamil), Uppena (Telugu),

Vakeel Saab (Telugu), Godzilla vs Kong,

demonstrating pent-up demand for quality films.

NEW CINEMAS OPENED

WITH CAUTION

Before the pandemic, our plan was to open

~100 new screens but the lockdown resulted in

muted and selective unveiling of new cinemas.

Post the long halt in operations, we reintroduced

Lucknow’s iconic popular single-screen cinema

‘Sahu’ in a modern avatar, equipped with new-

age amenities like Barco RGB+ Laser Projection

and Dolby Atmos sound system. This was

followed by a property in Faridabad designed

to offer a modern cinematic experience in the

tier 2 and tier 3 markets. The third new property

launch post reopening was when the iconic

Deep Cinemas in Kanpur was upgraded into a

3-screen multiplex. The fourth and last property

launched last year was at Forum Centre City

Mall in Mysuru. The property boasts of 6

screens with Dolby ATMOS sound system,

plush recliner seats, next gen 3D viewing and

4K projection systems.

EVER OPTIMISTIC ABOUT

CINEMA

The second wave took everyone by a rude

shock, and brought in a state of aberration.

However, as a business, we understand

deeply the need to stay optimistic and

proactive through such upheavals.

We are channelling our resources to support

our employees in every way possible

during these uncertain times. Understanding

vaccination as the best line of defense, we have

taken the complete expense of vaccination for

our employees and their dependants. There is

an aggressive content pipeline comprising big

ticket Bollywood movies, South Indian films

and already released Hollywood films. All this

would result in a power-packed calendar and

eventful year of movies.

We are all in this together, and as a

forward-thinking brand, we are hopeful that

conditions will change for the better. We shall

return stronger than ever to welcome back

the many millions of devoted film fans who

miss the big screen as much as we do.

Gautam Dutta

Chief Executive Officer

~100

New screens were

to be launched when

COVID-19 struck

20

21

PVR LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

>>> CEO’S MESSAGE

YEAR IN REVIEW:

Managing Director

C C C C M M

• Completed the 28th session of the

Owner/President Management

Programme from the Graduate School

of Business Administration, Harvard

University

• Has over two decades of experience

in the movie exhibition industry.

Recognised as a pioneer in the

multiplex industry in India

• He is on the Board of Trustees of the

Mumbai Academy of the Moving

Image (MAMI, the founding member

of FICCI Multiplex Association (India),

member of The Film and TV Producers

Guild (India), Young Presidents’

Organisation and associated with the

Central Board of Film Certification,

Government of India

• Received numerous awards, such as

the ‘Business Icon of the Year’ at the

Indywood Film Business Awards at

the Indywood Film Market and ALIIFF

in 2015, the ‘Exhibitor of the year’ at

the Cine Asia Awards in 2017, Asia

Innovator of the Year at India Business

Leader awards, 2016 (IBLA) by CNBV

TV18. Honoured as one of the 100

Retail ICONS of INDIA 2019 by

images retail. Other awards include

E&Y Entrepreneurial Award for Business

Transformation, CNBC's Emerging

India Award and Most Admired

Multiplex Professional by CMO Asia’s

Multiplex Excellence Award

SANJEEV KUMAR

Promoter and Co-Founder

Joint: Managing Director

M M M M M

• Holds a Bachelor’s degree in

Finance and Accounting from

Salford University, Manchester

and a Master’s degree in

Business Administration from

Imperial College, London

University

• Over two decades of

experience in the movie

exhibition industry

• Responsible for managing the

film acquisition and distribution

business and programming

activities, along with the

development and growth

strategy of our Company

ANISH KUMAR

SARAF

Non-executive Director

• Holds a Chartered

Accountancy degree from the

ICAI and an MBA from the

Indian Institute of Management,

Ahmedabad

• Over 15 years of experience

across industries

• Working with Warburg

Pincus’ India affiliate handling

investment Advisory. Prior

to joining Warburg Pincus,

he had his own mild steel

manufacturing business

• Director on the Board of Kalyan

Jewellers India Limited, PRL

Developers Private Limited,

BIBA Apparels Private Limited,

Hamstede Living Private

Limited and R. Retail Ventures

Private Limited

DEEPA MISRA

HARRIS

Independent Director

M M M

• She holds a Master’s degree

from Lady Shri Ram College,

Delhi University

• With an experience of over

31 years in the high-end

hospitality category, she has

contributed significantly to

the success of the Taj Group

of Hotels

• In mid-2015, she founded

her own Brand & Marketing

Consultancy firm and has

been working with leading

FMCG & Hospitality

brands. She has a proven

track record of delivering

double-digit growth and

escalating brands to

leadership positions

PALLAVI SHARDUL

SHROFF

Independent Director

• Has over 37 years of vast

experience in representing

public and private enterprises

before various national courts

• A Director on the Boards of

prestigious companies viz.

Apollo Tyres Ltd., Trident Ltd.,

Asian Paints Ltd., Interglobe

Aviation (Indigo Airlines) and

One97 Communications Ltd.

(Paytm)

• Appointed on the International

Chamber of Commerce

(ICC) Court of Arbitration,

she was recently conferred

the ‘Lifetime Achievement

Award’ at the Chambers India

Awards 2019 and recognised

as one of the Most Powerful

Women in Indian Business by

Business Today, seven years in

succession (2013-19)

SANJAI VOHRA

Independent Director

C C M M M

• Holds a Bachelor’s degree in

Science from the University

of Delhi and Post-graduate

diploma in Management

from the Indian Institute of

Management, Ahmedabad

• Over 31 years of experience

in the banking industry, private

finance and risk management

• A Director on the Board of

Tivass Strategies (India) Private

Limited

RENUKA RAMNATH

Non-executive Director

M

• Holds a Bachelor’s degree

in Textiles from V.J. Technical

Institute, University of Mumbai,

and a Master’s degree in

Management Studies from

the Chetna R.K. Institute of

Management & Research,

University of Mumbai

• Completed the 156th session of

the ‘Advanced Management

Programme, the International

Senior Managers Programme

’from the Graduate School

of Business Administration,

Harvard University

• She has worked in the

Indian financial sector for

over 30 years, in private

equity, investment banking,

and structured finance

successfully building several

businesses in the ICICI Group,

including Investment Banking,

e-commerce and private

equity. Currently the Managing

Director of Multiples Alternate

Asset Management Private Ltd,

a private equity firm

• In addition to being a

Director on the Board of Tata

Communications Ltd, she is a

Board member of EMPEA. She

is also the vice-chairperson

of the Executive Committee

of Indian Venture Capital

Association

GREGORY ADAM

FOSTER

Independent Director

• Graduated from Georgetown

University in 1984.

• Globally recognised leader

in the Entertainment, Media

and Technology industries.

He is the Senior Theatrical

& Industry Consultant for

Apple Corp. and Global

Entertainment Ambassador

for Samsung’s CJ. He is

also a member of the Board

of Directors of Premiere

Digital, a private, full service

post-production company

as well as the

Managing Director

SANJEEV KUMAR

Promoter and Co-Founder,

Joint: Managing

Letter of Offer’

dated July 6, 2020 which is available on BSE and NSE.

(iii) Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP)

During the year under review, your Company raised approx.

` 800 Crores (Rupees Eight Hundred Crore Only) by allotment

of 55,55,555 Equity Shares under Qualified Institutional

Placement at an issue price of ` 1,440 per share (including a

premium of ` 1,430 per share). The Company has utilised ` 240

Crores in accordance with the objects of the issue for the period

ended March 31, 2021 and balance amount of ` 560 Crores is

available for future purposes. Further, it is confirmed that there has

been no deviation in the utilisation of funds raised through QIP, for

the period ended March 31, 2021. For further information, please

refer to the ‘Placement Document’ dated February 1, 2021 which

is available on BSE, NSE and Company’s website.

(iv) COVID-19 Impact and Measures

The Year under review was an unprecedented year which has

witnessed unimaginable trouble for the mankind around the

world, due to ruthless impact of COVID-19. During the year

under review, the operations of your Company were adversely

impacted because of COVID 19 and restrictive guidelines issued

by various Central & State Governments across the County. As

per the said guidelines, movie theatres remained completely

closed across the country from March 2020 to mid-October

2020. Even post October 2020, the movie theatres were

permitted to gradually open across the country by respective

State Governments with restricted seating capacity. Most of

the cinema circuit across the country was operational only by

January 2021. In view of the capacity restrictions and release of

very few movies, it had grave bearing on the performance of the

Company.

Since, the year under review had put unexpected distress which

required your Board to deal with agility, your Board ensured

frequent meetings and discussions to respond to the evolving

situation and met 7 times during the year. The focus of the

company was to manage its costs and reduce cash burn, ensure

enough liquidity on the balance sheet to tide thru these tough

times, ensure health and well being of all its employees, build

customer trust and confidence as we re-opened cinemas with

revised safety protocols.

Further, no other material change and commitment have occurred

after the closure of the FY 2020-21 till the date of this Report,

which would affect the financial position of your Company.

5. General Information – Overview of the

Industry, External Environment and

Economic outlook

Pursuant to Regulation 34 of the Listing Regulations, the stated

information is adequately captured in Management Discussion

and Analysis Report, forming part of this Report.

6. Capital Structure

As on the date of this Report, the Authorised Capital of the

Company is ` 1,43,84,96,800 consisting of 12,37,00,000

Equity Shares of face value of ` 10 each and 5,90,000, 0.001%

Non-Cumulative Convertible Preference Shares of face value of

` 341.52 each.

During the year under review, the paid up equity share capital

of the Company was increased consequent upon allotment of

following equity shares of the Company:

• 33,600 Equity Shares of face value of ` 10 each were

allotted under PVR Employees Stock Option Scheme 2017

to the specified employee(s) of the Company at the pre-

determined exercise price against same number of options

exercised by them;

• 38,23,872 Equity Shares of face value of ` 10 each were

allotted under Rights Issue to the existing shareholders on

August 7, 2020 at an issue price of ` 784 per share; and

• 55,55,555 Equity Shares of face value of ` 10 each were

allotted under Qualified Institutional Placement on February

1, 2021 at an issue price of ` 1,440 per share.

The paid up equity share capital as on March 31, 2021 was

` 60,76,21,720.

During the year under review, the Company has not issued any

shares with differential voting rights nor issued sweat equity

shares.

7. Details of Employee Stock options

During the FY 2019-20, your Company had introduced PVR

Employees Stock Option Plan 2020 (’PVR ESOP 2020’) for

issuance of 5,20,000 stock options. In the same Financial Year,

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) had

approved grant of 4,34,000 options at an issue price of ` 1,500

per option in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014

(‘SEBI SBEB Regulations’). However, during the FY 2020-21, on

account of the difficulties faced by the Company due to lock-

down imposed by the Government of India and various other

State Governments and the impact of Covid-19 on the stock

price, the employee stock options were withdrawn by NRC at its

meeting held on June 5, 2020.

Subsequently on July 15, 2020, NRC approved grant of

5,20,000 options under PVR ESOP 2020 at an exercise price of

` 981/-. During the year, out of the above issued options, 4,000

options were cancelled due cessation of employment of an ESOP

holder and the same options were granted to another employee

at an exercise price of ` 1,287/-.

39

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

>>> BOARD REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director

Mr. Nitin Sood

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Pankaj Dhawan

Company Secretary cum Compliance Officer

There was no change in the KMPs of the Company during the

year under review. Subsequent to the closure of FY 2020-21,

Mr. Pankaj Dhawan, retired from the services of the Company

effective from the close of business hours of April 15, 2021.

Mr. Mukesh Kumar was appointed as the Company Secretary

cum Compliance Officer effective June 02, 2021 and was also

designated as one of the Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company.

12. Meetings of the Board of Directors

During the FY 2020-21, the Board of Directors had met seven

times. The details of Board Meetings and Committee Meetings are

given in the Corporate Governance Report.

13. Audit Committee

As on March 31, 2021, the Audit Committee comprised of the

following independent directors:

• Mr. Sanjai Vohra, Chairperson;

• Ms. Deepa Misra Harris, Member; and

• Mr. Vikram Bakshi, Member.

It is further confirmed that the recommendations of Audit

Committee, as made from time to time, were duly accepted by the

Board of Directors.

14. Policy on Directors Appointment and

Remuneration Policy

Pursuant to the requirements under Section 134(3)(e) and Section

178(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, the policy on appointment of

Board Members including criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes, independence of a director and remuneration

of directors, KMP and other employees is annexed as Annexure

‘2’, which forms part of this Report.

There has been no change in the Policy during the current year.

15. Performance Evaluation of the Board, its

Committees and Directors

Pursuant to applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

and Listing Regulations, the Board, in consultation with its

Nomination & Remuneration Committee, has formulated a

framework containing, inter alia, the criteria for performance

evaluation of the entire Board, its Committees and Individual

Directors, including Independent Directors.

In order to evaluate the performance of the Board various

factors viz. board diversity, knowledge and expertise, corporate

governance practices etc. are assessed. Similarly, for evaluation

of Directors’ performance, their profile, contribution in Board and

Committee Meetings, execution and performance of specific

duties, obligations, regulatory compliances and governance are

evaluated.

During the Financial Year under review, the Independent

Directors had met separately without the presence of any Non-

independent Director and the members of management and

discussed, inter alia, the performance of Non-independent

Directors and Board as a whole and reviewed the performance of

the Chairman of the Company.

The performance evaluation of all the Independent Directors have

been done by the entire Board, excluding the Director being

evaluated.

The Directors expressed their satisfaction with the evaluation

process.

16. Remuneration of Directors and

Employees

Disclosures pertaining to remuneration and other details as

required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(1) of

the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014 is annexed as Annexure ‘3’ which forms

part of this Report.

In terms of Section 136 of the Act, the report and accounts

are being sent to the Members and others entitled thereto,

excluding the information on employees particulars which is

available for inspection by the members at the registered office

of the Company during business hours on working days of the

Company from the date of this Report up to the date of ensuing

Annual General Meeting. Any member interested in obtaining

such particulars may write to the Company Secretary and the

same will be made available on request.

17. Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Pursuant to requirements of Section 134(3)(c) of the Companies

Act, 2013 with respect to Directors’ Responsibility Statement, the

Directors confirm:

(a)

That in the preparation of the annual accounts, the

applicable accounting standards have been followed and

no material departures have been made from the same;

(b)

That such accounting policies have been selected by them

and applied them consistently and made judgements and

estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give

a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company

as at March 31, 2021 and of the profit and loss of the

Company for the year ended on that date;

(c)

That proper and sufficient care has been taken by them

for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in

accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act,

41

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

>>> BOARD REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director

44

PVR LIMITED:

Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer

or Company Secretary of the Company shall be jointly/severally

authorised to review and amend the Policy, to give effect to any

such changes/ amendments.

For PVR Limited

Place: New Delhi

Ajay Bijli

Date: June 02, 2021

Chairman cum: Managing

Managing Director(s) and

Whole-time Director(s)) appointed under the

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and

rules made thereunder.

Key Managerial

Personnel :: Managing

Managing Director

48

PVR LIMITED:

Managing Director

1:240

B

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing Director

1:166

Median Salary – (In INR)

2,98,836

(ii)

The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief

Financial Officer and Company Secretary

A Mr. Ajay Bijli,

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director and Chairman of CSR Committee

53

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

>>> ANNEXURE

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director

55

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

>>> ANNEXURE

STATUTORY REPORTS:

letter of even date which is

annexed as ‘ANNEXURE A’ and forms an integral part of this report.

57

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

>>> ANNEXURE

STATUTORY REPORTS:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on

these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We

believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management’s Representation: Letter about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standard is the responsibility of management. Our

examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Arun Gupta & Associates

Arun Kumar Gupta

Company Secretary

ACS: 21227

Date: June 02, 2021

C.P. No. 8003

Place: New Delhi

UDIN: A021227C000411738

58

PVR LIMITED

Director's Cut unveiled at Ambience Mall,

Gurgaon on 5th Aug

59

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

>>> MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

STATUTORY REPORTS:

letter of law;

• Do what is right and not what is convenient;

• Provide complete transparency on operations; and

• Follow openness in communication with all our stakeholders.

The Corporate Governance Structure of PVR can be described through

three layers namely:

• Shareholders appoint Board of Directors and entrust them with

necessary powers;

• Board leads strategic management and constitutes various

committees to handle specific areas of responsibility; and

• The KMP’s and the committees take up specific responsibility and

day to day affairs as set by the Board and as required by the law.

Corporate Governance is an integral part of PVR in its pursuit of

excellence, growth and value creation. It continuously endeavours to

leverage available resources for translating opportunities into reality.

During the year under review, the Board of Directors, Management

and employees continued their pursuit of achieving these objectives

through the adoption and monitoring of prudent business plans and by

monitoring the major risks of the Company’s business. The Company

pursues policies and procedures to satisfy its legal and ethical

responsibilities. The Company’s Philosophy is to achieve business

excellence and optimise long-term Shareholders’ value on a sustained

basis by ethical business conduct. The Company is committed to

transparency in all its dealings and places strong emphasis on business

ethics.

The Board of Directors (“The Board”)

Composition of the Board:

As on March 31, 2021, the Company had Nine Directors on the Board.

The Board is comprised of two Executive Directors and seven Non-

Executive Directors out of which five are Independent Directors. The

Board included three Women Non-Executive Directors. The composition

of the Board was in accordance with SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred as

“Listing Regulations”) and Companies Act, 2013.

Mr. Ajay Bijli, the Promoter cum Executive Director is the Chairman of

the Board.

None of the Directors of the Company is inter-se related to each other.

The composition of the Board of Directors during the FY 2020-

21, shareholding in the Company, details regarding directorship/

membership in committees of other companies, attendance in last

Annual General Meeting & Board Meetings of the Company held

during the FY 2020-21 are as under:

Name of the

Directors

Category

Shareholding

in the Company as

on March 31, 2021

(No. of equity

shares)

$No. of

Board

Meetings

attended

during the

FY 2020-21

Name of other

Listed Entity

in which the

person is a

director and

category

Attendance

at the last

AGM held on

September

29, 2020

Number

of other

Directorships*

as on March

31, 2021

&Number of Committee

Memberships and

Chairmanship in

other public Companies

as on March 31, 2021

Memberships

Chairmanships

Ajay Bijli

Promoter,

Chairman and

Managing

Director

59,87,205

7 of 7

NIL

Yes

3

NIL

NIL

Sanjeev

Kumar

Promoter, Joint

Managing

Director

40,86,950

7 of 7

NIL

Yes

2

NIL

NIL

Renuka

Ramnath

Non-Executive,

Non-Independent,

Woman Director

-

7 of 7

Independent

Director in

Arvind Limited,

TV18 Broadcast

Limited and Tata

Communications

Limited

No

13

1

1

Vikram

Bakshi

Non –Executive,

Independent

Director

-

7 of 7

NIL

Yes

13

NIL

NIL

Sanjai Vohra Non –Executive,

Independent

Director

1,343

7 of 7

NIL

Yes

1

NIL

NIL

72

PVR LIMITED:

Letter of

Appointment setting out in detail, the terms of appointment, duties,

responsibilities and expected time commitments. Each newly appointed

Independent Director is taken through a familiarisation program

including the presentation from the: Managing Director & CEO on the

Company’s Business, finance performance and other important aspects.

The Company Secretary briefs the Director about their legal and

regulatory responsibilities as a Director. The details of the familiarisation

program of the Independent Directors is available on the website of the

Company at www.pvrcinemas.com.

Evaluation of Board’s Performance:

The Board has in place a mechanism for evaluating its performance

as well as that of its Committees and individual Directors, including

the

Managing Director of PVR Ltd is

pioneer of the multiplex industry in India. Mr. Bijli has over two

decades of experience in the movie exhibition industry. Mr Bijli

transformed the way millions of Indians consume entertainment

content over the past two-and-a-half decades. Mr. Bijli has

received numerous awards namely ‘Business Icon of the year’ at

the Indywood Film Business Awards in 2015 and the ‘Exhibitor

of the year’ at the Cine Asia awards in 2017, among others. As

an industry leader of Indian film exhibition, Mr. Bijli is on the

Board of Trustees of the Mumbai Academy of the Moving Image

(MAMI) and the founding member of FICCI Multiplex Association

(India). He is also a member of The Film and TV Producers Guild

(India), Young Presidents’ Organisation and is associated with the

Central Board of Film Certification, Government of India.

2.

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar has over two decades of experience in

the movie exhibition industry. Mr. Kumar has expertise in film

distribution business and programming activities, along with

the development and growth strategy of PVR. His 20 years of

experience in the cinema exhibition stretches the full spectrum of

the Company’s business, propelling PVR to greater heights and

redefining the movie watching experience in India, serving more

than 100 Million patrons annually. Sanjeev holds a Bachelor’s

degree in Finance and Accounting from Salford University,

Manchester and a Master’s degree in Business Administration

from Imperial College, London University.

3.

Ms. Renuka Ramnath is currently: Managing

Letter of Offer detailing Risk factors, Business overview,

Financial Position of the Company among other details, as required

under SEBI (Issue of Capital & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations

2018, is available on the website of the stock exchanges, where

Company’s securities are listed. The Company has utilised the full

amount of funds raised through Rights Issue. Further, the details of

utilisation of funds as specified under Regulation 32(7A) is been

provided in financial statements.

Qualified Institutional Placement:

During the year under review, the Company raised funds to the

tune of ` 800 Crores (Rupees Eight Hundred Crores Only) through

Qualified Institutions Placement. Placement document detailing Risk

factors, Company’s Strength & Strategies, Industry overview, Business

overview, Financial Position of the Company among other details,

as required under SEBI (Issue of Capital & Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations 2018, is available on Company’s website and on stock

exchanges. Company issued 55,55,555 equity shares at an issue

price of ` 1,440 per equity share (including premium of ` 1,430 per

equity share). Further, the details of utilisation of funds as specified

under Regulation 32(7A) is been provided in financial statements.

Committee’s recommendation:

The Board of your Company has accepted the recommendations made

by various committees of the Board, during the FY 2020-21.

Governance by the Committees of the Board:

Your Board has constituted following statutory committees and each

committee has their terms of reference as a Charter. The chairperson

of each committee along with the other members of the committee

and if required with other members of the Board, decide the agenda,

frequency and the duration of each meeting of the committee:

Sr. No.

Name of Committee

1

Audit Committee

2

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

3

Stakeholder’s Relationship Committee

4

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

5

Risk Management Committee

Besides the statutory committees, the Board has constituted certain other

committees viz. Finance Committee, Fund Raise Committee, etc. and

has clearly stipulated the terms of reference. The Board is frequently

apprised of the decisions taken by such delegated authorities.

Composition of statutory committees:

As on March 31, 2021, the composition of statutory committees is as under:

Name of the Members

Category of Members

Audit

Committee

Nomination and

Remuneration

Committee

Stakeholder’s

Relationship

Committee

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Committee

Risk Management

Committee

Mr. Sanjai Vohra

Independent Non-Executive

Chairman

Chairman

-

Member

Member

Ms. Deepa Misra Harris

Independent Non-Executive

Member

Member

-

Member

-

Ms. Pallavi Shardul Shroff

Independent Non-Executive

-

-

-

-

-

Mr. Vikram Bakshi

Independent Non-Executive

Member

-

Chairman

-

-

Mr. Ajay Bijli

Executive

-

Member

Member

Chairman

Chairman

Ms. Renuka Ramnath

Non-Executive Non-Independent

-

Member

-

-

-

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar

Executive

-

-

Member

Member

Member

Mr. Anish Kumar Saraf

Non-Executive Non-Independent

-

-

-

-

-

Mr. Gregory Adam Foster

Independent Non-Executive

-

-

-

-

-

Mr. Gautam Dutta

Chief Executive Officer

-

-

-

-

Member

Mr. Nitin Sood

Chief Financial Officer

-

-

-

-

Member

Attendance at Committee meetings during the FY 2020-21:

Name of the Director

Category of Directors

Audit

Committee

Nomination and

Remuneration

Committee

Stakeholder’s

Relationship

Committee

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Committee

Risk Management

Committee

Mr. Sanjai Vohra

Independent Non-Executive

4 of 4

1 of 1

NA

No meeting held during

the financial year

1 of 1

Ms. Deepa Misra Harris

Independent Non-Executive

3 of 4

1 of 1

NA

No meeting held during

the financial year

NA

Ms. Pallavi Shardul Shroff

Independent Non-Executive

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

Mr. Vikram Bakshi

Independent Non-Executive

4 of 4

NA

0 of 1

NA

NA

Mr. Ajay Bijli

Executive

NA

1 of 1

1 of 1

No meeting held during

the financial year

1 of 1

Ms. Renuka Ramnath

Non-Executive Non-

Independent

NA

1 of 1

NA

NA

NA

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar

Executive

NA

NA

1 of 1

No meeting held during

the financial year

1 of 1

Mr. Anish Kumar Saraf

Non-Executive Non-

Independent

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

76

PVR LIMITED:

Managing Director (CMD) and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar,

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

and Mr. Nitin Sood, Chief Financial Officer in terms of Regulation 17(8)

of Listing Regulations, 2015 for the year under review as placed before

the Board is attached as annexure to this Report.

Last three AGM’s of the Company:

Details of the last three Annual General Meetings (AGM’s) of the

Company are as under:

Financial

Year

Day & Date

Time

Venue

Special Resolutions passed

2017-18

Thursday,

September 27,

2018

10:30 a.m.

The Mapple Emerald,

Rajokri, NH-8,

Delhi-110038

None

2018-19

Thursday, July

25, 2019

10.30 a.m.

The Mapple Emerald,

Rajokri, NH-8,

Delhi-110038

1. Re-appointment of Mr. Sanjai Vohra as an Independent Director;

2. Re-appointment of Mr. Amit Burman as an Independent Director;

3. Re-appointment of Mr. Vikram Bakshi as an Independent Director;

4. To Offer or invitation to subscribe to Non-Convertible Debentures on private

placement basis; and

5. Payment of remuneration for FY 2018-19 to Mr. Sanjai Vohra, a Non-Executive

Independent Director

2019-20

Tuesday,

September 29,

2020

03:00 P.M.

Held through Video

Conferencing/ Other

Audio Visual Means

(“VC/OAVM”) Facility

1. Payment of remuneration for FY 2019-20 to Mr. Sanjai Vohra, a Non-Executive

Independent Director

2. Continuation of payment of managerial remuneration to Mr. Ajay Bijli

3. Continuation of payment of managerial remuneration to Mr. Sanjeev Kumar

4. Computation of net profits of the Company under Section 198 of the Companies Act,

2013 after disregarding the adjustments made pursuant to Indian Accounting

Standard (IndAS) 116 – ‘Leases’ for determining the remuneration and limits thereof

payable to Mr. Ajay Bijli

5. Computation of net profits of the Company under Section 198 of the Companies Act,

2013 after disregarding the adjustments made pursuant to Indian Accounting

Standard (IndAS) 116 – ‘Leases’ for determining the remuneration and limits thereof

payable to Mr. Sanjeev Kumar

78

PVR LIMITED:

Managing Director) and Nitin Sood, Chief Financial Officer of PVR

Limited, to the best of our knowledge and belief, certify that:

A.

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement of the Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2021 and that

to the best of our knowledge and belief :

i.

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be

misleading;

ii.

These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting

standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

There are no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which are fraudulent, illegal or violate of the Company’s code of

conduct.

C.

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and procedures for the Company and that we

have evaluated the effectiveness of Company’s internal control systems and procedures pertaining to financial reporting.

D.

We have indicated based on our most recent evaluation wherever applicable, to the Company’s Auditors and through them to the Audit

Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors:

1.

Deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to

rectify these deficiencies.

2.

Significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year.

3.

Significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the financial

statements and

4.

Any fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the Management or an employee having a

significant role in the Company internal control system over financial reporting.

Ajay Bijli

Nitin Sood

Place: New Delhi

Chairman and

Chief Financial Officer

Date: June 02, 2021: Managing Director

I declare that all Board Members and Senior Management personnel have affirmed compliances with the code of conduct for the FY 2020-21.

Place: New Delhi

Ajay Bijli

Date: June 02, 2021

Managing Director

2

00208173

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar

Joint: Managing

letter and spirit in the Cinematograph Act,

1952. This will make it possible for Visually Impaired and Hearing

Impaired patrons to enjoy all Indian films with Captions and

Audio Description. During the year, a formal communication has

gone out from the Ministry of I&B encouraging Producers to make

films that can be enjoyed by a wider audience by making them

accessible for the visually and hearing impaired.

Principle 8: Inclusive Growth

1.

Does the company have specified programmes/

initiatives/projects in pursuit of the policy related to

Principle 8? If yes, details thereof.

PVR NEST is the Corporate Social Responsibility arm of PVR

Ltd. and was founded in 2006. It is also registered as a non-

profit trust. At PVR NEST, we are working with the governments,

civil society, and other partners to build inclusive, resilient, and

sustainable cities and communities - especially for the urban

poor on their education, care and protection and provide safer

opportunities for women and children. Our vision is in alignment

with the Sustainable Development Goals, and we work via Public

Private Partnership models, towards promoting gender equality

by transforming urban spaces and facilities to be more inclusive,

safe, and accessible for urban poor.

Keeping in mind the losses of lives and livelihoods due to COVID-

19 pandemic, sanitation and hygiene has been included as a

focus area for any project undertaken by PVR NEST.

94

PVR LIMITED:

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

20

20

Employees

83

130

Promoters of the erstwhile subsidiary Company

17

17

6

Other financial assets

Non-current

Current

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Non-current bank balances (refer note 12B)

160

152

-

-

Interest accrued on:

Fixed deposits

11

7

116

33

National saving certificate

9

13

50

66

Others1

542

-

573

17

562

20

739

116

Revenue earned but not billed

-

-

494

987

Government grant receivable2

1,994

1,994

1,322

1,413

Total

2,716

2,166

2,555

2,516

1 Includes interest accrued amounting to ` 1,114 Lakhs on loans given to related companies.

2 The Entertainment tax/GST exemption in respect of some of the Multiplexes of the Company has been accounted on the basis of eligibility criteria as laid down in the respective erstwhile/

current State Government schemes and applications filed with the authorities.

7

Deferred tax assets/liabilities (net) (includes MAT credit entitlement)

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Deferred tax liabilities

Impact of differences in depreciation/amortisation in block of

tangible and intangible assets as per tax books and financial books*

27,304

15,665

Gross deferred tax liabilities

27,304

15,665

Deferred tax assets1

Impact of expenditure charged to the statement of profit and loss in the

current year but allowable for tax purposes on payment basis

742

777

Allowance for doubtful debts and advances

1,248

1,169

(` in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

122

PVR LIMITED:

letter of offer, Rights

issue proceeds can be utilised for repayment/prepayment

of outstanding borrowings along with interest and general

corporate purposes. As on March 31, 2021, entire Rights

issue proceeds were utilised and there is no deviation in use

of proceeds from the objects stated in the Offer document

for the Rights issue.

d) Aggregate number of bonus shares issued, shares issued for consideration other than cash and shares

bought back during the period of five years immediately preceding the reporting date, wherever

applicable is given below:

(Aggregate No. of Shares)

March 31, 2020

March 31, 2019

March 31, 2018

March 31, 2017

March 31, 2016

Equity shares allotted as fully paid up

pursuant to contracts for consideration

other than cash (refer note 42)

1,599,974

-

-

-

-

(` in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

127

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

>>> STANDALONE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing

Managing Director and Mr. Sanjeev

Kumar, Joint: Managing

Managing Director and

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing Director, respectively, during the Financial Year 2020-21. The same is in accordance with the minimum

remuneration as was originally approved by the shareholders vide their resolutions dated July 03, 2018 and September 29, 2020. Pursuant

to the provisions of Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 and in view of the inadequacy of profits for the Financial

Year 2020-21, the Company shall seek approval of the shareholders by way of special resolution in its forthcoming Annual General Meeting

for the above-mentioned remuneration.

As per our report of even date attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of PVR Limited

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101248W/W-100022

Ajay Bijli

Sanjeev Kumar

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

20

20

Employees

83

130

Promoters of the erstwhile subsidiary company

17

17

6

Other financial assets

Non-current

Current

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Non-current bank balances (refer note 13B)

160

154

-

-

Interest accrued on:

Fixed deposits

11

8

117

33

National saving certificate

9

13

50

66

Others

-

-

1

17

20

21

168

116

Revenue earned but not billed

-

-

506

1,002

Government grant receivable1

1,994

1,994

1,322

1,413

Total

2,174

2,169

1,996

2,531

1The Entertainment tax/GST exemption in respect of some of the Multiplexes of the Parent company has been accounted on the basis of eligibility criteria as laid down in the respective

erstwhile/current State Government schemes and applications filed with the authorities.

(` in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

178

PVR LIMITED:

letter of offer, Rights issue proceeds can be

utilised for repayment/prepayment of outstanding

borrowings along with interest and general corporate

purposes. As on March 31, 2021, entire Rights issue

proceeds were utilised and there is no deviation in

use of proceeds from the objects stated in the Offer

document for the Rights issue.

(` in lakhs, except for per share data and if otherwise stated)

183

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

>>> CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing

Managing Director and

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing

Managing Director

and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing Director, respectively, during the Financial Year 2020-21. The same is in accordance with the

minimum remuneration as was originally approved by the shareholders vide their resolutions dated July 03, 2018 and September 29, 2020.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 and in view of the inadequacy of profits for the

Financial Year 2020-21, the Parent company shall seek approval of the shareholders by way of special resolution in its forthcoming Annual

General Meeting for the above mentioned remuneration.

As per our report of even date attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of PVR Limited

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101248W/W-100022

Ajay Bijli

Sanjeev Kumar

