managing director or a whole-time director or a

nominee director,—

(a)

who, in the opinion of the Board, is a person of integrity and

possesses relevant expertise and experience;

(b)

(i)

who is or was not a promoter of the company or its

holding, subsidiary or associate company;

(ii)

who is not related to promoters or directors in the

company, its holding, subsidiary or associate company;

(c)

who has or had no pecuniary relationship with the company, its

holding, subsidiary or associate company, or their promoters, or

directors, during the two immediately preceding financial years

or during the current financial year;

(d)

none of whose relatives has or had pecuniary relationship

or transaction with the company, its holding, subsidiary

or associate company, or their promoters, or directors,

amounting to two per cent or more of its gross turnover or

total income or fifty lakh rupees or such higher amount as may

be prescribed, whichever is lower, during the two immediately

preceding financial years or during the current financial year;

(e)

who, neither himself nor any of his relatives –

(i)

holds or has held the position of a key managerial

personnel or is or has been employee of the company

or its holding, subsidiary or associate company in any

of the three financial years immediately preceding the

financial year in which he is proposed to be appointed;

(ii)

is or has been an employee or proprietor or a partner, in

any of the three financial years immediately preceding

the financial year in which he is proposed to be

appointed, of –

(A)

a firm of auditors or company secretaries in

practice or cost auditors of the company or its

holding, subsidiary or associate company; or

(B)

any legal or a consulting firm that has or had

any transaction with the company, its holding,

subsidiary or associate company amounting to ten

per cent or more of the gross turnover of such firm;

(iii)

holds together with his relatives two per cent or more of

the total voting power of the company; or

(iv) is a Chief Executive or director, by whatever name called,

of any nonprofit organization that receives twenty-five

per cent or more of its receipts from the company, any

of its promoters, directors or its holding, subsidiary or

associate company or that holds two per cent or more

of the total voting power of the company;

(v)

is a material supplier, service provider or customer or a

lessor or lessee of the company; (additional provision as

per Clause 49);

(f)

who is not less than 21 years of age (additional provision as per

Clause 49).”

•

Current and ex-employees of a Tata company may be considered

as independent only if he/she has or had no pecuniary

relationship with any Tata company (due to employment/

receipt of monthly pension by way of Special Retirement

Benefits/holding consultant or advisor positions) during the

two immediately preceding financial years or during the current

financial year.

2.

Qualifications of Directors

•

Board will ensure that a transparent board nomination process

is in place that encourages diversity of thought, experience,

knowledge, perspective, age and gender.

•

It is expected that board have an appropriate blend of functional

and industry expertise.

•

While recommending appointment of a director, it is expected

that the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”)

consider the manner in which the function and domain

expertise of the individual contributes to the overall skill-

domain mix of the Board.

•

Independent Directors (“ID”) ideally should be thought/practice

leaders in their respective functions/domains.

3.

Positive Attributes of Directors

Directors are expected to comply with duties as provided in the Act.

For reference, the duties of the Directors as provided by the Act are

as follows:

1)

“Act in accordance with the articles of the company.

2)

Act in good faith in order to promote the objects of the

company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in the

best interests of the company, its employees, the shareholders,

the community and for the protection of environment.

3)

Exercise duties with due and reasonable care, skill and

diligence and exercise independent judgment.

4)

Not be involved in a situation in which he may have a direct

or indirect interest that conflicts, or possibly may conflict, with

the interest of the company.

5)

Not achieve or attempt to achieve any undue gain or

advantage either to himself or to his relatives, partners, or

associates.

6)

Not assign his office.”

26

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21:

managing director (“MD”) / executive

directors (“ED”) / KMP / rest of the employees

− The extent of overall remuneration should be sufﬁcient to attract

and retain talented and qualified individuals suitable for every

role. Hence remuneration should be

Market competitive (market for every role is defined as

companies from which the company attracts talent or

companies to which the company loses talent)

Driven by the role played by the individual,

Reflective of size of the company, complexity of the sector/

industry/ company’s operations and the company’s capacity to

pay,

Consistent with recognised best practices and

Aligned to any regulatory requirements.

− In terms of remuneration mix or composition,

The remuneration mix for the MD/ EDs is as per the contract

approved by the shareholders. In case of any change, the same

would require the approval of the shareholders.

Basic/ fixed salary is provided to all employees to ensure that

there is a steady income in line with their skills and experience.

In addition to the basic/fixed salary, the company provides

employees with certain perquisites, allowances and benefits

to enable a certain level of lifestyle and to offer scope for

savings and tax optimisation, where possible. The company

also provides all employees with a social security net

(subject to limits) by covering medical expenses and

hospitalisation through re-imbursements or insurance cover

and accidental death and dismemberment through personal

accident insurance.

28

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21:

letter of even date which is

annexed as ‘ANNEXURE A’ and forms an integral part of this report.

36

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21:

letter.

1)

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2)

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done

on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3)

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4)

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5)

The compliance of the provisions of corporate laws, rules,

regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. Our

examination was limited to the verification of procedures on

test basis.

6)

As regard the books, papers, forms, reports and returns filed by

the Company under the provisions referred to in points vi, vii and

viii of our Secretarial Audit Report in Form No. MR-3 the adherence

and compliance to the requirements of the said regulations is

the responsibility of management. Our examination was limited

to checking the execution and timeliness of the filing of various

forms, reports, returns and documents that need to be filed by the

Company with various authorities under the said regulations. We

have not verified the correctness and coverage of the contents of

such forms, reports, returns and documents.

7)

The secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to the

future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of

the Company.

For Mehta & Mehta

Company Secretaries

(ICSI Unique Code P1996MH007500)

Atul Mehta

Partner

PCS No: 5782

CP No. : 2486

Place: Mumbai

Date: April 26, 2021

UDIN: F005782C000176337

37

STATUTORY REPORTS:

letter dated July 20, 2020, has delegated the responsibility

of signing of all types of Unified License to respective TERM Cell in

a circle.

Aadhar based authentication as an alternate process:

•

DoT vide: letter dated September 29, 2020 has once again permitted

the use of Aadhar based authentication as an alternate process

for issuing mobile connection to individual customer along with

outstation and bulk category.

New guidelines on OSP:

DoT has issued new guidelines for OSP on November 5, 2020. Salient

features are as follows:

•

No registration.

•

The BPO industry engaged in data-related work is out of the ambit of

OSP regulations.

•

Requirements such as bank guarantees, static IPs, frequent reporting

obligations, publication of network diagram, penal provision etc.

have also been removed.

•

‘Work from Home’ and ‘Work from Anywhere’ made easy.

Modification in dialling pattern from fixed line to mobile

•

DoT vide its letter dated November 20, 2020 has asked for modification

in the dialling pattern from fixed line numbers to mobile numbers by

prefixing “0” for calls originating from fixed line to mobile.

•

The modified dialling pattern has been implemented in January 2021

by TTML.

38

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

letter dated March 30, 2021 has asked the

operators to nominate one Nodal Officer for portal being developed

by Designated Authority i.e., National Cyber Security Coordinator.

•: Letter of Authorisation for nomination of Nodal Officer has been

submitted on April 10, 2021.

TRAI Regulations

In the FY 2020-2021, Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (“TRAI”)

introduced Regulation/s and/or amendments thereto, covering :

− Telecom Consumers Protection (Eleventh Amendment) Regulations,

2020 dated September 30, 2020. This Regulation is about Measures to

protect consumers from bill shocks while using International mobile

roaming services.

− The Telecommunication Interconnection Usage Charges (Sixteenth

Amendment) Regulations, 2020 dated April 17, 2020. This Regulation

revised the regime of fixed International Termination Charges (ITC) of

` 0.30 (paise thirty only) per minute to a charge to be fixed by access

service providers, within a range of not less than ` 0.35 (paise thirty

five only) per minute and not more than ` 0.65 (paise sixty five only)

per minute. This was effective May 1, 2020.

− Telecommunication Tariff (Sixty Fifth Amendment) Order, 2020 dated

June 3, 2020. TTO 65 Amendment removes capping of 100 SMS per

day per SIM as per the provisions of 54th Amendment.

TRAI Directions

In the FY 2020-2021, apart from directions in relation to specific service

providers, TRAI provided directions and/or amendments, thereto

covering:

− Direction regarding Implementation of the Telecom Commercial

Communications Customer Preference Regulations (TCCCPR), 2018

dated June 19, 2020. This specifies the requirement for Headers and

run awareness campaign in newspapers.

− Direction on tariff advertisements dated September 18, 2020.

As per Direction, TSP’s shall prominently highlight the additional Terms

and Conditions and shall provide a link to the specific terms and conditions

for each tariff offerings, wherever required, while disseminating tariff

related information, including on their website and mobile applications,

immediately.

− Direction on tariff publications dated September 18, 2020.

As per the Directions, TSP needs to Publish. details of tariff offers with

essential disclosures be made available to subscribers, at the Customer

Care Centers, the Points of sale, retail outlets through prominent display

in electronic form and/ or through printed display of details in legible

font size.

− TRAI issued Direction regarding submission of Performance

Monitoring Report to the Authority under the Telecom Commercial

Communication Customer Preference Regulations, 2018 on February

15, 2021. As per this Direction the frequency of PMR Report has been

changed from Monthly to Quarterly basis.

Major Litigation

•

Dual Technology

The Cellular Operators Association of India (“COAI”) challenged the DoT

Press Release dated October 19, 2007 allowing the existing licensees to

use dual technology i.e., CDMA operators were permitted to acquire

and use GSM spectrum for providing GSM services and vice-versa (“Dual

Tech Policy”) before TDSAT, which upheld the Dual Tech Policy by order

dated March 30, 2009. TTML GSM admin spectrum in 1800 MHz band

was allocated under this Dual Tech Policy in 2008 and same has expired

on September 29, 2017. COAI challenged the TDSAT order before the

Supreme Court, praying that the Dual Tech Policy should be repealed

and the GSM start-up spectrum should be cancelled. In case the policy is

held to be invalid, there could be some financial liability for past period of

about eight years during which this spectrum was held by the Company.

•

Adjusted Gross Revenue (“AGR”) Definition

Please see main

letter of credit, debt components of ICDs and deferred spectrum liability

including interest) was ` 17,638 (excluding liability component of RPS)

crores as compared to ` 16,701 crores in the previous year.

The Net Block (including tangible as well as intangible assets) as at

March 31, 2021 decreased to ` 679 crores as compared to ` 680 crores

in the previous year. The Company has assets under development

and Capital Work in Progress of ` 29 crores and Right of use Assets of

` 151 crores.

2015-16

2,915

2,657

1,843

1,246

1,053

1,024

2016-17

2017-18

2018-19

2019-20

2020-21

Telecommunication Service Revenue (` Cr)

2015-16

816

640

170

702

432

500

2016-17

2017-18

2018-19

2019-20

2020-21

EBITDA (` Cr)

46

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21:

letter of appointment is given to him/her, which inter alia explains the

role, function, duties and responsibilities expected from him/her as a

Director of the Company. The Independent Directors of the Company

were also provided with necessary documents/brochures, reports and

internal policies to familiarise them about the telecom industry, business

operations and functioning of various divisions/departments of the

Company.

As required under Regulation 25(7) and 46 of the Listing Regulations, the

details of Familiarisation program imparted to the Independent Directors

are available on the Company’s website at the following weblink: https://

corporate.tatateleservices.com/Downloads/ttml/Familiarisation-

Programme%E2%80%93upto-FY-2020-2021.pdf

Committees of the Board

There are 7 (Seven) Board Committees as on March 31, 2021, which

comprises 4 (Four) statutory committees and 3 (Three) other committees

that have been formed, considering the needs of the Company, details of

which are as follows:

Audit Committee

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee as on March 31, 2021 are

broadly as under:

1. Financial Statements

•

Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process and disclosure

of its financial information, to ensure that the financial statements are

correct, sufficient & credible.

•

Discuss and review with the management and auditors the annual /

half yearly / quarterly financial statements and auditor’s report before

submission to the Board, with particular reference to:

− Matters required to be included in the Directors’ Responsibility

Statement in the Board’s report.

− Disclosure under Management Discussion and Analysis of financial

position and results of operations.

− Review of accounting policies, practices & standards and reasons

for change, if any.

− Major accounting entries involving estimates based on exercise of

judgment by management.

− Qualifications/modified opinion in the draft audit report.

− Significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising

out of audit findings.

− Compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to

financial statements.

− Disclosure of related party transactions.

•

Scrutinize inter-corporate loans and investments.

•

Review the statement of uses/applications of funds by major category

and the statement of funds utilised for purposes other than as

mentioned in the offer document/prospectus/notice and the report

submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring the utilisation of

proceeds of a public or rights or private placement issue, and make

appropriate recommendations to the Board to take up steps in this

matter. These reviews are to be conducted till the money raised

through the issue has been fully spent.

•

Provide approval for appointment of the CFO (i.e. whole-time

Finance Director or any other person leading the Finance function or

discharging responsibilities related to that function) after assessing

the qualifications, experience and background, etc. of the candidate.

•

Review utilisation of loans and/or advances from/investment by the

holding company in the subsidiary exceeding rupees 100 crore or

10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower including

existing loans / advances / investments existing as on the date of

coming into force of this provision.

•

Review statement of deviations pertaining to (a) quarterly statement

of deviation(s) including report of monitoring agency, if applicable,

submitted to stock exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 32(1); (b) annual

statement of funds utilised for purposes other than those stated in

the offer document/prospectus/notice in terms of Regulation 32(7).

2. External / Independent / Statutory Auditors

•

Provide recommendations to the Board related to the appointment,

re-appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of the

auditors of the Company. This would involve recommending the

name of an individual or a firm as an external statutory auditor for

consideration by the Board and further recommendation to the

shareholders. While making recommendations, the Committee shall

consider:

− whether the qualifications and experience of the auditors are

commensurate with the size and requirements of the Company.

− any order or pending proceeding relating to matters of

professional conduct against the proposed auditor before the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India or any competent

authority or any Court.

50

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21:

Managing Director (“MD”)/Executive Directors (“ED”), KMP, Senior

Management and the Executive Team.

•

While formulating such a policy, the Committee shall ensure that:

− the level and composition of remuneration is reasonable and

sufficient to attract, retain and motivate Directors of the quality

required to run the Company successfully;

− relationship of remuneration to performance is clear and meets

appropriate performance benchmarks;

− remuneration to Directors, KMP, Senior Management and

Executive Team involves a balance between fixed and incentive

pay reflecting short and long-term performance objectives

appropriate to the working of the Company and its goals.

•

The policy shall be displayed on the website of the Company. Also

the salient features of the policy and any changes therein, shall be

disclosed in the Board’s report and the web address link shall be

indicated therein at which the complete policy is available.

•

On an annual basis, recommend to the Board the remuneration

payable to Directors, KMP, Senior Management and Executive Team

of the Company. This includes review and recommendation of actual

payment of annual and long term incentives for MD/EDs, KMP, Senior

Management and Executive Team.

•

Review matters related to remuneration and benefits payable upon

retirement and severance to MD/EDs, KMP, Senior Management and

Executive Team.

•

Review matters related to voluntary retirement and early separation

schemes for the Company.

•

Provide guidelines for remuneration of Directors on material

subsidiaries.

•

As NRC of the parent/holding company, recommend to the Board

of the parent/holding company how the Company will vote on

resolutions for remuneration of directors on the Boards of its material

subsidiary companies.

•

Assist the Board in fulfilling its corporate governance responsibilities

relating to remuneration of Board, KMP, Senior Management and

Executive Team Members. This includes review and approval of any

information related to Directors, KMP, Senior Management, Executive

The composition of the Audit Committee as on March 31, 2021 and the details of attendance of each Member at these meetings are given below:

Name of the Member

Category

No. of Meetings during the year

Held

Attended

Ms. Hiroo Mirchandani (Chairperson)

Independent, Non-Executive

4

4

Dr. Narendra Damodar Jadhav

Independent, Non-Executive

4

4

Mr. Kumar Ramanathan

Independent, Non-Executive

4

4

Mr. Ankur Verma

Non-Independent, Non-Executive

4

4

53

STATUTORY REPORTS:

letter and spirit

are discussed within the leadership team at regular intervals and reported to

the Board, as appropriate.

* Tata Code of Conduct

63

STATUTORY REPORTS:

letter and spirit.

This also ensures that they supply us products which promote

sustainability. Once procured, the distribution and delivery process

also factor in optimal route planning for reduction in carbon

footprint.

The other major input for our business is electricity. The Company

sources electricity from power generating companies which

promote and use renewable resources for power generation.

This way also the Company contributes to environment by way of

reduction in carbon footprint.

4.

Has the Company taken any steps to procure goods and

services from local & small producers, including communities

surrounding their place of work? If yes, what steps have been

taken to improve their capacity and capability of local and

small vendors?

Keeping in mind the primary parameters of quality and reliability,

the Company procures various materials from local sources, where

local is defined as the State where the Company is offering its

telecom services. The Company also takes initiatives in enhancing

the capabilities of local and small vendors. The Company also

encourages its suppliers / dealers to adopt such practices to

promote local and small vendors.

5.

Does the Company have a mechanism to recycle products and

waste? If yes what is the percentage of recycling of products

and waste (separately as <5%, 5-10%, >10%). Also, provide

details thereof, in about 50 words or so.

The major concern for any telecom Company with regard to waste

management is the volume of e-waste generated. At TTML, there

is a clear directive of taking the material through various stages of

screening before declaring any material as scrap. This screening

process focusses on exploring reusability and recyclability of

the material and looking for possible ways to prevent such scrap

generation in future. Once a material is declared scrap, a designated

team approves the final disposal. It is ensured that such scrap

is channelised to authorised collection centers or registered

dismantler(s) or recycler(s) or is returned to the pickup or take

back services provided by the original equipment manufacturers.

Around 10% material has been declared scrap during financial year

2020-2021.

Principle 3

1.

Please indicate the Total number of employees:

Description

FY 2020-2021

FY 2019-2020

On-roll employees

323

368

2.

Please indicate the Total number of employees hired on

temporary / contractual / casual basis:

Description

FY 2020-2021

FY 2019-2020

Temporary / Contractual employees

383

424

3.

Please indicate the Number of permanent women employees:

Description

FY 2020-2021

FY 2019-2020

On-roll women employees

49

45

4.

Please indicate the Number of permanent employees with

disabilities:

Description

FY 2020-2021

FY 2019-2020

Employees with disabilities

Nil

Nil

5.

Do you have an employee association that is recognised by

management: No.

6.

What percentage of your permanent employees is members of

this recognised employee association? Not applicable.

7.

Please indicate the Number of complaints relating to child

labour, forced labour, involuntary labour, sexual harassment

in the last financial year and pending, as on the end of the

financial year.

No. Category

No. of

complaints

filed during the

financial year

No. of complaints

pending as on end

of the financial year

1

Child labour / forced labour

/ involuntary labour

No complaints were received during

the financial year

2020-2021

2

Sexual harassment

3

Discriminatory

employment

8.

What percentage of your under mentioned employees were

given safety & skill up-gradation training in the last year?

Sr.

No. Particulars

Total

Imparted

Training

% age

1

Permanent Employees

323

317

98

2

Permanent Women

Employees

49

49

100

3

Casual/Temporary/

Contractual Employees

383

383

100

4

Employees with

Disabilities

Nil

Nil

Nil

65

STATUTORY REPORTS:

letter dated April 25, 2018.

TTML awaits response from the Appellate Authority.

Principle 7

1.

Is your Company a member of any trade and chamber or

association? If Yes, Name only those major ones that your

business deals with:

The Company participates in stakeholder consultations with the

Department of Telecommunications, Government of India, Telecom

Regulatory Authority of India, Cellular Operators Association of

India and interactions between industry associations like FICCI,

ISPAI and relevant Ministries (Department of Telecommunications,

Department of Information Technology, Ministry of Home Affairs) to

support long term policy formulation in the Telecom sector as well

as to deal with the critical operational / business issues.

2.

Have you advocated/lobbied through above associations for

the advancement or improvement of public good? Yes/No;

if yes, specify the broad areas (drop box: Governance and

Administration, Economic Reforms, Inclusive Development

Policies, Energy security, Water, Food Security, Sustainable

Business Principles, Others)

Yes. The Company jointly with Tata Teleservices Limited (“TTSL”)

participated in consultations on governance and administration,

sustainable business principles, inclusive development policies

(with a focus on skill building and literacy), economic reforms and

tax and other legislations. It also uses the TCoC as a guide for its

actions in influencing public and regulatory policy.

In order to bring transparency in its decision-making process, the

Telecom Regulatory Authority of India has evolved a consultative

process. For important issues pertaining to Telecom sector,

Consultation Papers are issued by it requesting response from

stakeholders. Post response from all stakeholders, an Open House

discussion is organised. The Company and TTSL jointly participate

in all such consultation processes which are relevant to its line of

business and puts forth its views in a fair and transparent manner.

The Company also gives its inputs to the Government/Regulator as

and when the same is called for.

The Company performs the function of policy advocacy in a

transparent and responsible manner and takes into account the

corporate as well larger national interest.

Principle 8

1.

Does the Company have specified programmes/initiatives/

projects in pursuit of the policy related to Principle 8? If yes

details thereof.

Yes. The Company has specified programmes/initiatives/projects

in pursuit of Principle 8. The Company, as part of the Tata Group’s

umbrella programs, along with TTSL, collaborates with NGOs

to implement projects in the areas of healthcare, education,

employability & sustainable livelihoods. Please refer to “Report

on Corporate Social Responsibility Activities” which is Annexure

II to the Director’s Report of the Company, during financial year

2020-2021, for detailed community engagement strategy and

key initiatives.

2.

Are the programmes/projects undertaken through in-house

team/own foundation/external NGO/government structures/

any other organization?

The Company did not make profits in the past three financial years;

hence it does not have any budgeted CSR expenditure. However,

in keeping with the Tata Group’s philosophy of giving back to the

society, all the initiatives are managed with internal resources of

the Company jointly with TTSL through an Employee Volunteering

Program, wherein we utilize the skills of our employees to support

different projects/initiatives. Please refer to “Report on Corporate

Social Responsibility Activities” which is Annexure II to the Director’s

Report of the Company, during financial year 2020-2021, for detailed

community engagement strategy and key initiatives.

3.

Have you done any impact assessment of your initiative?

Yes.

4.

What is your Company’s direct contribution to community

development projects- Amount in INR and the details of the

projects undertaken.

The Company did not make profits in the past three financial years;

hence it does not have any budgeted CSR expenditure. However,

in keeping with the Tata Group’s philosophy of giving back to the

society, all the initiatives are managed with internal resources of

the Company jointly with TTSL through an Employee Volunteering

Program, wherein we utilize the skills of our employees to support

different projects/initiatives.

5.

Have you taken steps to ensure that this community

development initiative is successfully adopted by the

community? Please explain in 50 words, or so.

Yes. Initiatives conducted under CSR are tracked to determine the

outcomes achieved and the benefits to the community.

Principle 9

1.

What percentage of customer complaints/consumer cases are

pending as on the end of financial year.

The Company is engaged in the business of providing

telecommunication services.

Description

FY 2020-2021

FY 2019-2020

% Customer complaints resolved

99.93

99.96

% Customer complaints open

0.07

0.04

No of consumer complaints filed

against company

1

0

No. of Consumer complaints

pending for disposal

10

11

2.

Does the Company display product information on the product

label, over and above what is mandated as per local laws? Yes /

No / N.A. / Remarks (additional information)

The Company being in the business of providing telecommunication

services, the same is not applicable.

3.

Is there any case filed by any stakeholder against the Company

regarding unfair trade practices, irresponsible advertising

and/or anti-competitive behaviour during the last five years

and pending as on end of financial year. If so, provide details

thereof, in about 50 words or so.

No such case was filed against the Company during FY 2020-2021.

4.

Did your Company carry out any consumer survey/consumer

satisfaction trends?

Yes. The Company carries out customer satisfaction surveys at

regular intervals.

67

STATUTORY REPORTS:

letter obtained

from its Promoter Company.

Our audit procedures included the following:

•

Obtaining the management assessment of appropriateness of Going Concern

basis of accounting.

•

Reading the minutes of board of directors’ meetings for future business plans and

discussing the same with the management to assess the Company’s ability to

meet its financial obligations in the foreseeable future.

•

Assessed the actions taken by the management against the plans submitted

during the previous year’s going concern assessment.

•

Verifying the support: letter obtained by the Company from its Promoter

indicating that Promoter will take necessary actions to organise for any shortfall

in liquidity in Company that may arise to meet its financial obligations and timely

repayment of debt during the period of 12 months from the balance sheet date.

•

Verifying the financial ability of the Promoter Company to support the Company

from the latest audited financial statements of the Promoter Company.

•

Verifying that the Promoter Company has supported the Company in the past

when the need arose.

Based on the above procedures, we noted the management assessment of going

concern basis of accounting as appropriate.

69

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

letter from its Promoter indicating that the

Promoter will take necessary actions to organise for any shortfall in

liquidity during the period of 12 months from the balance sheet date.

Based on the above, the Company is confident of its ability to meet the

funds requirement and to continue its business as a going concern

and accordingly, the financial statements have been prepared on

that basis.

1.4 COVID-19 pandemic

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been felt across the

economy and business segments. With the relaxation of lockdown

from June 2020 onwards, the demand for the Company’s products

and services have seen an uptick from June 2020. In preparation

of these financial statements, the Company has taken into account

both the current situation and likely future developments and has

considered internal and external source of information to arrive

at its assessment. The Company has considered such impact to

the extent known and available currently. However, the COVID-19

situation continues to evolve particularly with respect to the second

wave in parts of the country since the beginning of April 2021 and

the impact assessment of COVID-19 is a continuing process given

the uncertainties associated with its nature and duration. Hence,

the Company will continue to monitor any material changes to

future economic conditions which may have any bearing on the

Company’s operations.

Note 2: Significant accounting policies

2.1 Basis of preparation of financial statements

These financial statements comply in all material aspects with

Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under section 133 of

the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) [Companies (Indian Accounting

Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended)] and other relevant provisions

of the Act.

These financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost

basis, except for certain assets and liabilities which are measured

at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in

the accounting policies below. Historical cost is generally based on

the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and

services. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an

asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between

market participants at the measurement date.

The financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (“INR”) and

all values are rounded to the nearest crores, except when otherwise

indicated.

2.2 Significant accounting estimates and assumptions

The preparation of these financial statements in conformity with

the recognition and measurement principles of Ind AS requires the

management of the Company to make estimates and assumptions

that affect the reported balances of assets and liabilities, disclosures

relating to contingent liabilities as at the date of the financial

Notes

forming part of the financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2021

81

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

