letter for

re-appointment of Mr. Arun Adhikari as an Independent Director setting out the terms and conditions

would be available for inspection in the manner specified in the Notice up to the date of the Annual

General Meeting.

Given his professional background and experience and contributions made by him during his tenure,

the Board considers that his association would be of immense benefit to the Company as it has

been beneficial in the past. Accordingly, the Board recommends the resolution in relation to the

re-appointment of Mr. Arun Adhikari as an Independent Director, for the approval by the Shareholders

of the Company.

Except Mr. Arun Adhikari, being the appointee and his relatives, none of the Directors and Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives are concerned or interested in the resolution

set out at Item No. 7.

The Board accordingly recommends the special resolution as set out in Item No. 7 of this Notice

for your approval.

Item No. 8

Mr. Ashwani Windlass was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company with effect from

August 31, 2018 upto August 30, 2021. Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“LODR Regulations”)

an Independent Director shall hold office for a term of five consecutive years on the Board of the

Company and shall be eligible for re-appointment on passing of a Special Resolution by the Company

and disclosure of such appointment in the Board Report.

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on August 14, 2021 on the recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee approved the re-appointment of Mr. Ashwani Windlass as

an Independent Director of the Company for a second term of three years with effect from August 31,

2021 upto August 30, 2024, based on his skills, experience, knowledge and report of his performance

evaluation. His re-appointment is subject to the approval of the Shareholders at this Annual General

Meeting by way of a Special Resolution.

The Company has received a notice in writing from a Shareholder under Section 160 of the Companies

Act, 2013, proposing his candidature for the office of Independent Director of the Company.

In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Ashwani Windlass fulfills the conditions specified in the Companies

Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder and LODR Regulations for his re-appointment as an

Independent Director of the Company and is independent of the management. A copy of the: letter

for re-appointment of Mr. Ashwani Windlass as an Independent

letter for

re-appointment of Ms. Neena Gupta as an Independent Director setting out the terms and conditions

would be available for inspection in the manner specified in the Notice up to the date of the Annual

General Meeting.

Given her professional background and experience and contributions made by her during her tenure,

the Board considers that her association would be of immense benefit to the Company as it has

been beneficial in the past. Accordingly, the Board recommends the resolution in relation to the

re-appointment of Ms. Neena Gupta as an Independent Director, for the approval by the Shareholders

of the Company.

Except Ms. Neena Gupta, being the appointee and her relatives, none of the Directors and Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives are concerned or interested in the resolution

set out at Item No. 9.

The Board accordingly recommends the special resolution as set out in Item No. 9 of this Notice

for your approval.

Item No. 10

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), read with the

Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 (“Rules”), the Company is required to

obtain the consent of its Board and prior approval of the members by way of ordinary resolution in

case a certain transaction or series of transactions with a related party exceeds such sum as specified

in the Rules. The aforesaid provisions are not applicable in respect of transactions which are in the

ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length basis.

Pursuant to Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), approval of the members through

ordinary resolution is required for all material related party transactions, even where such transactions

are entered into in the ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length basis. Under the Listing:

Managing Director (2011 to 2018) of erstwhile Idea Cellular Limited,

renamed Vodafone Idea Limited (VIL) after merger with Vodafone India, is presently on the Board

of the Company as ‘Non-Executive Chairman’. Mr. Kapania is also ‘Vice Chairman’ of Aditya Birla

Fashion & Retail Limited. He also serves as ‘Non-Executive Board Member of Celcom Axiata’, a

listed Telecom Company in Malaysia. He has over 34 years of work experience in Management,

Leadership, Technology, Operations, Sales & Marketing, Regulation & Policy advocacy, etc., with

deep understanding of Indian consumers and society across Automobile, Consumer Durables,

Office Automation, Telecom & Digital Services industries. His tryst with the Indian telecom sector

dates back to over two decades and he has been a key contributor to the accelerated growth of

the sector while assisting Indian Government, regulator and key policy creators in formulating

India’s Telecom & Digital Services regulations, policies and processes. He has served on the Global

GSMA Board for two Years in 2015 and 2016, and was also Chairman of COAI (Cellular Operators

Association of India) during 2012-14 and 2015. He is the current Chairman of FICCI Council on

‘Telecom, Electronics and Digital Economy’ (TED Council).

Mr. Arun Adhikari (DIN: 00591057)

Mr. Arun Adhikari is an alumni of the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur and the Indian

Institute of Management, Calcutta. He joined Hindustan Lever Limited in 1977 and worked with

the Unilever Group in India, UK, Japan and Singapore. His areas of responsibility included sales

and marketing, culminating in general management and leadership roles. Mr. Adhikari retired

from Unilever in January 2014, post which he was a senior advisor with McKinsey and Company

for four years. He serves as an Independent Director on the Boards of UltraTech Cement Limited,

Aditya Birla Capital Limited, Aditya Birla Fashion & Retail Limited and Voltas Limited.

Mr. Ashwini Windlass (DIN: 00042686)

Mr. Ashwani Windlass is an MBA from Faculty of Management Studies, University of Delhi. He

holds B.Com with a gold medal and a post-graduation in Journalism (B.J.) from Punjab University,

Chandigarh. He is a leading strategy, telecom and technology professional, currently engaged in

advisory/mentoring roles at the Board/CEO level, after over four decades of top management

experience. Mr. Windlass has been the Founder Jt.: Managing Director of Max India Limited,

Founder Managing Director of Hutchison Max Telecom (since rechristened as Vodafone Idea

Limited) and Vice

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Suresh Vaswani

Independent Director

Mr. Diego Massidda

Non-Executive Director

(w.e.f. February 24, 2021)

Mr. Sunil Sood

Non-Executive Director

(w.e.f. February 24, 2021)

Mr. Sushil Agarwal

Non-Executive Director

(w.e.f. August 4, 2021):

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Ravinder Takkar

Company Secretary

Mr. Pankaj Kapdeo

Statutory Auditors

S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP

Chartered Accountants,

12th Floor, The Ruby,

29, Senapati Bapat Marg,

Dadar (West),

Mumbai - 400 028

Secretarial Auditors

Umesh Ved & Associates

Company Secretaries

304, Shoppers Plaza V,

Opp. Municipal Market,

C.G. Road, Navrangpura,

Ahmedabad - 380 009

Debenture Trustees

IDBI Trusteeship Services Ltd.

Asian Building, Ground Floor,

17, R. Kamani Marg,

Ballard Estate,

Mumbai - 400 001

Corporate Identity Number (CIN)

L32100GJ1996PLC030976

Website

www.vodafoneidea.com

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Akshaya Moondra

Cost Auditors

Sanjay Gupta & Associates

Cost Accountants

C-4E/135, Janakpuri

New Delhi - 110 058

Registrar and Share Transfer Agents

Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd.

1st Floor, Bharat Tin Works Building,

Opp. Vasant Oasis,

Makwana Road,

Marol, Andheri (East),

Mumbai - 400 059

Corporate Office

Birla Centurion, 10th Floor,

Century Mills Compound,

Pandurang Budhkar Marg,

Worli,

Mumbai - 400 030

Registered Office

Suman Tower,

Plot No. 18, Sector - 11,

Gandhinagar - 382 011

Gujarat:

Dear Shareholders,

We have pleasure in presenting the Twenty Sixth Annual

Report, together with the audited financial statements of

the Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2021.

Company Overview

Your Company, a partnership between two strong promoters

Aditya Birla Group and Vodafone Group, is a major

telecommunications operator in India, offering voice, data,

enterprise services and other Value Added Services (“VAS”),

including Short Messaging Services, Digital Services, IoT etc.

As of March 31, 2021, the subscriber base of your Company

stands at 255.7 million (on VLR). The subscriber market share

on VLR stands at 25.7%, as of March 2021. The Wireless

Revenue Market Share (RMS) on Gross Revenue basis (GR) for

your Company stands at 23.2% for the Financial Year 2021.

Your Company provides Voice and Data services on

2G, 3G and 4G technologies across all 22 service areas

and has strong spectrum portfolio and network footprint

to support the burgeoning demand for both, data and

voice. Your Company has a large spectrum holding

comprising 1,768.4 MHz spectrum across 22 circles, of

which 1,738.4 MHz is liberalised spectrum which can be used

towards deployment of any technology.

Your Company’s mobile telecommunication services cover

more than 1.2 billion Indians. As of March 31, 2021, your

Company has 452,650 broadband (3G+4G) sites and all of

the 4G sites are VoLTE enabled, offering a better customer

experience. Your Company has also launched Voice over WiFi

(VoWiFi) in several circles this year, which will be expanded

to rest of the country soon. The broadband network is spread

over 331,000 towns and villages and covers more than a

billion Indians. Your Company has been deploying Dynamic

Spectrum Re-farming (DSR), Massive MIMO and Small cells

to maximize spectrum efficiency. Additionally, your Company

has been actively deploying LTE on TDD band of 2300 MHz

and 2500 MHz spectrum band to expand the capacity and

on 900 MHz band to improve customer experience in dense

areas. Your Company also derives revenue from carrying India

inbound ILD traffic through arrangements with other mobile

telecommunication companies and long distance carriers

operating outside India. Your Company has a portfolio of over

~376,000 km of Optical Fibre Cable (OFC), including own

built and Indefeasible Right of Use (IRU) OFC.

After successful completion of our network and IT

consolidation in FY20, as the last leg of the integration

journey, your Company launched the new unified brand

, on

September 07, 2020. The new brand leverages on the legacy of

two of the most loved brands of the country -

and

,

which have brand saliency established over decades. Vi™

is built to be strong, ever-dependable, agile, intuitive, and

a brand in tune with the needs of the customers, in these

ever-changing times. Your Company also launched GIGAnet

- an integrated 4G network for its users. GIGAnet is the

result of the largest network integration completed in record

time and one of the world’s largest DSR (Dynamic Spectrum

Refarming) exercise. It has India’s largest AI-powered Massive

MIMO sites along with largest deployment of universal cloud

making it a 5G ready network.

Your Company’s vision is to ‘Create world class digital

experiences to connect and inspire every Indian to build

a better tomorrow’. To achieve this end, your Company is

developing world-class infrastructure to introduce newer

and smarter technologies, making both retail and enterprise

customers future ready with innovative offerings, conveniently

accessible through an eco-system of digital channels as well

as extensive on-ground presence.

Financial Results and Summary

The financial statements of the Company have been prepared

in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS)

notified under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read

with Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.

The standalone and consolidated financial highlights of your

Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2021 are

summarized as follows:

(in ` Mn)

Particulars

Standalone

Consolidated

2020-21 2019-20 2020-21 2019-20

Income from sale of goods and

services

416,589

446,830

419,382

449,167

Other Operating Income

138

320

140

408

Other Income

2,584

10,861

1,742

10,393

Total Revenue

419,311

458,011

421,264

459,968

Operating Expenses

252,442

300,976

250,065

300,450

EBITDA

166,869

157,035

171,199

159,518

Depreciation and Amortisation

229,062

238,888

236,385

243,564

EBIT

(62,193)

(81,853)

(65,186)

(84,046)

Interest and Finance charges

179,916

153,772

179,981

153,920

EBT

(242,109) (235,625) (245,167) (237,966)

Exceptional Items (Net)

(221,036) (387,242) (199,681) (383,557)

Share of JV/Associates

-

-

2,314

3,553

Profit / (Loss) Before Tax

(463,145) (622,867) (442,534) (617,970)

Taxes

(208)

108,448

(203)

120,811

Profit / (Loss) after Tax

(462,937) (731,315) (442,331) (738,781)

Other Comprehensive Income,

net of tax

(4,152)

(18,242)

368

(90)

Total Comprehensive Income

(467,089) (749,557) (441,963) (738,871):

Managing Director of the Company before its

merger with Vodafone India.

During the year under review, Mr. Thomas Reisten and

Mr. Vivek Badrinath (representing Vodafone Group)

resigned from the Board of the Company with effect from

24th February 2021. The Board places on record its sincere

appreciation for the valuable guidance and contribution

made by Mr. Thomas Reisten and Mr. Vivek Badrinath in the

deliberations of the Board during their tenure as Director(s).

The Board based on the recommendation of the Nomination

& Remuneration Committee appointed Mr. Sunil Sood and

Mr. Diego Massidda as Additional Directors (Non–Executive

and Non-Independent), representing Vodafone Group effective

24th February, 2021 and will hold office till the date of the

ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM). The Company has

received requisite notice from a member under Section 160

of the Companies Act, 2013, proposing the appointment of

Mr. Sunil Sood and Mr. Diego Massidda as Director(s) at the

AGM. Accordingly, the Board recommends their appointment.

Further, the Board based on the recommendation of

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, had appointed

Mr. Sushil Agarwal, (representing Aditya Birla Group), as an

Additional Director (Non–Executive and Non-Independent):

Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer, Mr. Akshaya Moondra, Chief Financial Officer and

Mr. Pankaj Kapdeo, Company Secretary.

Board Evaluation and Familiarization Programme

The evaluation framework for assessing the performance

of Directors of your Company comprises of contributions

at the meetings, strategic perspectives or inputs regarding

the growth or performance of your Company, among others.

The evaluation parameters and the process have been

explained in the Corporate Governance Report forming part

of the Annual Report of the Company. The Nomination &

Remuneration Committee have laid down the manner in

which formal evaluation of the performance of the Board,

its Committee and individual Directors has to be made. The

Board has carried out the annual performance evaluation

of its own performance, Board Committees and Individual

Directors pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 and Regulation 17 of Listing Regulations.

The details of programme for familiarization of Independent

Directors of your Company is available on your Company’s

website www.vodafoneidea.com.

Remuneration Policy

The Company has a Remuneration Policy in place

encompassing the appointment and remuneration

philosophy of the Company. The Policy comprises of the

various elements and terms of appointment. The Policy

consists of various aspects in connection to Remuneration

Program applicable for Directors, Key Managerial Personnel

and Senior Management of the Company, Performance

Goal Setting, Benefit & Perquisites, Compliance and other

such elements.

The policy was formulated by the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee in terms of Section 178(3) of the Companies

Act 2013 and it also includes the criteria for determining

qualifications, positive attributes, independence of a Director

and other matters. A copy of the said policy is available on

the website of the Company www.vodafoneidea.com.:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

(DIN : 01719511)

Place: Gurugram

Date: August 14, 2021:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

DIN : 01719511

Place: Gurugram

Place: June 30, 2021

Akshaya Moondra

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Mumbai

Pankaj Kapdeo

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

3

3

3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved

by the Board are disclosed on the website of the Company

Composition of the CSR Committee, CSR Policy is available on the Company’s website on https://www.vodafoneidea.

com/investors/corporate-goverance.

4. Provide the details of Impact Assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of

rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules 2014, if applicable (attach the

report).

Not Applicable

5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies

(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial

year, if any

Sr.

No.

Financial Year

Amount available for set-off from

preceding financial years (In `)

Amount required to be set-off for

the financial year, if any (In `)

None

6.

Average net profit of the Company as per Section

135(5)

: Not Applicable, as the average net profits for last three

financial years is negative.

7.

(a) Two percent of average net profit of the

Company as per section 135(5)

: No obligation for Financial Year 2020-21. However, Ministry

of Corporate Affairs (MCA) has directed the Company

to spend the unspent CSR obligation aggregating to

` 727.20 Mn for Financial Years 2015-16 and 2016-17 in

8 quarterly instalments of ` 90.90 Mn each, commencing

from April–June 2019. In the Financial Year 2020-21, the

Company has spent ` 316.82 Mn. Additionally, MCA had also

accepted our submission that spending, and its reporting

thereof, would be staggered by a quarter due to nature of our

programmes and current operating conditions.

ANNEXURE ‘B’:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

Place : Gurugram

Neena Gupta

Chairperson – Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee

Place : Gurugram:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(DIN : 01719511)

Place: Gurugram

Date: June 30, 2021

Akshaya Moondra

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Mumbai

Pankaj Kapdeo

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

ANNEXURE ‘C’ to the Directors’ Report:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

(DIN : 01719511)

Place: Gurugram

Date: June 30, 2021:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (w.e.f. August 19, 2019)

-

Note (a)

Note (a)

2.

Mr. Akshaya Moondra

Chief Financial Officer

472.42*

Note (b)

45.4

3.

Mr. Pankaj Kapdeo

Company Secretary

122.79*

Note (b)

11.8

Notes:

(a) Mr. Ravinder Takkar has been appointed as: Managing

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the company. Our responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based

on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial

records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We

believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happenings of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the company nor of the

efficiency or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the company.

Umesh Ved

Umesh Ved & Associates

Company Secretaries

FCS No.: 4411

Place: Ahmedabad

C.P. No.: 2924

Date : June 30, 2021

UDIN: F004411C000546898:

letter of even date

which is annexed as ‘Annexure-III’ and forms an

integral part of this report.

For Aabid & Co

Company Secretaries

Mohammed Aabid

Partner

Membership No.: F6579

Place: Mumbai

COP No.: 6625

Date: April 23, 2021

UDIN: F006579C000168356:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of Secretarial Records.

The verification was done on a test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We

believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained Management

Representation about the compliance laws, rules and

regulations, and happening of events, etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedures on a test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.:

letter.

We report that

a)

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on our audit.

b)

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial

records. The verification was done on test basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices,

we followed provide a reasonable basis for our

opinion.

c)

We

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of the financial statements of the

Company.

d)

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

Representation about the compliances of laws, rules,

regulations and happening of events etc.

e)

The compliance of the provisions of the corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulation and

standards is the responsibility of the management.

Our examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test basis.

f)

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Priti J Sheth & Associates

Company Secretaries

Priti Sheth

FCS: 6833

COP: 5518

Date: June 26, 2021

UDIN: F006833C000713814:

letter.

We report that

a)

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on our audit.

b)

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial

records. The verification was done on test basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices,

we followed provide a reasonable basis for our

opinion.

c)

We

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of the financial statements of the

Company.

d)

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

Representation about the compliances of laws, rules,

regulations and happening of events etc.

e)

The compliance of the provisions of the corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulation and

standards is the responsibility of the management.

Our examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test basis.

f)

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Priti J Sheth & Associates

Company Secretaries

Priti Sheth

FCS: 6833

COP: 5518

Date: June 28, 2021

UDIN: F006833C000713761:

letter.

We report that

a)

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on our audit.

b)

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial

records. The verification was done on test basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices,

we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

c)

We

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of the financial statements of the

Company.

d)

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

Representation about the compliances of laws, rules,

regulations and happening of events etc.

e)

The compliance of the provisions of the corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulation and

standards is the responsibility of the management.

Our examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test basis.

f)

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Priti J Sheth & Associates

Company Secretaries

Priti Sheth

FCS: 6833

COP: 5518

Date: June 28, 2021

UDIN: F006833C000713781:

letter of even date

which is annexed as “Annexure A” herewith and forms an

integral part of this report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these Secretarial records

based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial

records. The verification was done on test basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in Secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices

followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management’s

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the Corporate and other applicable

laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of the management. Our examination was limited to

the verification of the procedures and systems on test

basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the Management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.

7.

“In view of the restrictions imposed by the Government

of India on the movement of people across India to

contain the spread of COVID-19 pandemic, which led to

the complete lockdown across the nation, we have relied

on electronic data for verification of certain records as

the physical verification was not possible.”

For Anish Gupta & Associates

Company Secretaries

Anish Gupta

Proprietor

FRN:I2001MH236100

Place: Mumbai

FCS: 5733, CP No. 4092

Date: July 1, 2021

UDIN:F005733C000565523:

letter that roll-out done under

900 MHz / 1800 MHz or 2100 MHz, will be valid for roll-

out obligations of 2300 MHz. Basis this clarification, VIL

has got its roll-out completely validated and approved for

2300 MHz and 2500 MHz (won in 2016 auction) on

the basis of roll-out done in 900 MHz / 1800 MHz or

2100 MHz, in 8 circles and partially validated and approved

in 10 circles and rest is work in progress.

4.

Microwave

Vodafone Idea is making the quarterly payment of

Microwave (MW) charges as per the DoT 2006/2008 order

in compliance to the Hon’ble Supreme Court order dated

November 08, 2019. In compliance to the above Supreme

Court order, Vodafone Idea has requested DoT for adjusting

our excess bank guarantees worth ` 8,643 Mn towards

the MW differential charges – already paid and to be paid

(paid as per DoT 2002 order on MW charges).

Consequent to the non-signing of DoT proposed 2015

MW frequency agreement in 16 LSAs, DoT is not allowing/

issuing Import Licenses for import of Microwave equipment

leading to delay in network expansion and impacting the

overall Customer Service Experience.

5.

Bank Guarantee

As per license condition which intra-alia required VIL to

submit Financial Bank Guarantee equivalent to the revenue

share of two quarters and enhance by 10%. These Bank

Guarantees subsequently needs to be renewed by VIL from

time to time. In line with its revenue share, VIL has requested

DoT to perform the downward revision of the Financial Bank

Guarantee which will allow us the reduction in the existing

Bank Guarantees amount available with the DoT.

VIL has sent representations to the DoT to release

Performance Bank Guarantees wherever the rollout

obligations have been fulfilled by VIL as per the relevant

NIAs conditions.:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer,

six Independent Directors (including one Independent Woman

Director) and four Non-Executive Directors. The composition

of the Board reflects the judicious mix of professionalism,

competence and sound knowledge which enables the Board

to provide effective leadership to the Company.

Mr. Thomas Reisten and Mr. Vivek Badrinath, Non-Executive

Directors have resigned w.e.f. February 24, 2021. In their

place, the Board appointed Mr. Sunil Sood and Mr. Diego

Massidda as Additional Directors in the category of Non-

Executive Directors. There have been no other changes in

the Board of Directors during the year under review.

The Composition of the Board of Directors and the number of Directorships and Committee positions held by them as on

March 31, 2021 are as under:

Name of Director

Category

No. of Outside

Directorship(s)

Held1

Outside Committee Positions

Held2

Details of other listed companies

in which Director is part of

the Board and Category of

Directorship

Public

Member

Chairman/ Chairperson

Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla

Non-Executive

Chairman

9

-

-

1. Grasim Industries Ltd.

(Non-Executive Director)

2. Hindalco Industries Ltd.

(Non-Executive Director)

3. UltraTech Cement Ltd.

(Non-Executive Director)

4. Century Textiles and Industries Ltd.

(Non-Executive Director)

5. Aditya Birla Capital Ltd.

(Non-Executive Director)

6. Aditya Birla Fashion & Retail Ltd.

(Non-Executive Director):

letter of appointment to all the

Independent Directors as prescribed under the provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013 and the terms and conditions

of their appointment has been uploaded on the website of

the Company. The Company has received declarations from

all the Independent Directors confirming that they meet

the criteria of independence as specified under Regulation

16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and Section 149 (6) of

the Companies Act, 2013 and they are qualified to act as

Independent Directors and that they are independent of the

management. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of SEBI Listing

Regulations, they have confirmed that they are not aware

of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be

reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their

ability to discharge their duties.

Key Skill Matrix of the Board

The Vodafone Idea Board comprises of qualified members

who bring in the required skills, competence and expertise

that allow them to make effective contributions to the Board

and its Committees.

The Board has identified the following skills/expertise/competencies to function and discharge their responsibilities

effectively and as available to the Board:

Industry knowledge, Sales & Marketing, Innovation, technology & networks, Financial literacy & Risk Management, Corporate

Governance, Legal & compliance, Strategic expertise, Sustainability, Human Resource Development

Industry knowledge and

Innovation

Experience in driving business success in markets, with an understanding of diverse

business environments, economic conditions, cultures, and regulatory frameworks, and

a broad perspective on local as well as global market opportunities.

Financial Literacy, Risk

Management and Legal

Compliance

In depth understanding of financial statements, financial management and reporting

processes, internal control, expertise in dealing with complex financial transactions;

monitoring the effectiveness of risk management framework and profound legal

knowledge and expertise in corporate law matters and other regulatory aspects.

Sales and Marketing

Experience in developing strategies to grow sales and market share, build brand awareness

and equity, and enhance enterprise reputation.

Strategic Expertise

Review and guide corporate strategy, major plans of action, risk policy, annual budgets

and business plans, setting performance objectives, monitoring implementation and

corporate performance, and overseeing major capital expenditures, acquisitions and

divestments.

Technology & Network

Significant knowledge of technology and network operation, anticipation of emerging

technology trends and provide guidance for technical collaboration.

Corporate Governance

Providing insights in best governance practices, protecting and enhancing stakeholders

value, maintaining board and management accountability.

Sustainability

Experience in leading the Sustainability and Environment, social and governance visions

of organizations, to be able to integrate these into the strategy of the Company.

Human Resource

Development

Demonstrated strengths in developing talent, planning succession, and driving change

and long-term growth.

General Management

Overall outlook on efficiency, profitability and management.:

Managing Director of Hindalco Industries Limited in the

year 2003 and currently serves as Vice-Chairman of Hindalco

Industries Limited, the Metals flagship of the Aditya Birla

Group; and the Vice-Chairman of Novelis Inc., world leader

in flat-rolled products and a 100% subsidiary of Hindalco.

He serves as the Chairman of the Business Review Council

(BRC) for a large number of businesses (both in India and

Overseas) of the Aditya Birla Group.

Mr. Himanshu Kapania an alumnus of IIM, Bangalore

(1988-1990) and Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra

(1979-83), was former: Managing Director (2011 to 2018)

of erstwhile Idea Cellular Limited, renamed Vodafone Idea

Limited (VIL) after merger with Vodafone India, is presently

on the VIL Board as ‘Non-Executive Director’. Mr. Kapania is

also ‘Vice-

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer prepares

the detailed agenda for the meetings. All the agenda items

are backed by comprehensive agenda notes and relevant

supporting papers containing all the vital information, so as

to enable the Directors to have focused discussion at the

meeting and take informed decisions.

The notice of Board/Committee Meetings is given well in

advance to all the Directors. The agenda and agenda notes

are circulated to all the Directors well in advance, usually

a week before the Meeting. In case of sensitive agenda

matters, where it is not practical to circulate the relevant

information as part of the agenda papers, the same is tabled

at the meeting. In special and exceptional circumstances,

additional or supplementary agenda items are taken-up

for discussion with the permission of the Chairman. To

discuss significant and important matters, meetings are

also convened at a short notice with the consent of all

Directors. Further regular updates on such matters are also

provided to the board members. The members of the Board

or Committees are free to suggest any item to be included

in the agenda, in addition to exercising their right to bring

up matters for discussion at the meeting with permission

of the Chairman. The senior management personnel are

invited to the Board/ Committee Meetings to apprise and

update the members on the items being discussed at the

meeting. All the relevant information as enumerated in

Part A of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations is placed

before the Board and the Board in particular reviews and

approves corporate strategies, business plan, annual budget,

capital expenditure etc. The Board periodically reviews the

compliance status of all the applicable laws and is regularly

updated on various legal and regulatory developments

involving the Company. The Board Agenda includes an Action

Taken Report comprising of actions emanating from the

Board Meetings and status updates thereof. The Members

of the Board have complete freedom to express their opinion

and have unfettered and complete access to information

in the Company. All the decisions are taken after detailed

deliberations by the Board Members at the meetings.:

letter of appointment together with the Induction

kit is provided to the Independent Directors, at the time of

their appointment, setting out their role, functions, duties

and responsibilities. The criteria, terms and conditions for

appointment of Independent Directors of the Company

is placed on the website www.vodafoneidea.com. The

Directors are familiarized with your Company’s business and

operations and interactions are held between the Directors

and senior management of your Company. Directors are

familiarized with the organizational set-up, functioning of

various departments, internal control processes and relevant

information pertaining to the Company. Apart from the

above, periodic presentations are also made at the Board/

Committee meetings to familiarize the Directors with

the Company’s strategy, business performance, business

environment, regulatory framework, operations review, risk

management and other related matters.

The details of familiarization programs are posted on the

website of the Company viz. www.vodafoneidea.com.

Independent Director Database Registration

Pursuant to a notification dated October 22, 2019 issued by

the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, all Independent Directors

have completed the registration with the Independent

Directors Databank. Requisite disclosures have been received

from the directors in this regard.

Meeting of Independent Directors

Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and its resurgence,

the Independent Directors were not able to conduct a

physical meeting without the presence of Non-Independent

Directors and the management, however, the management

made arrangements for a formal evaluation, inter-alia, to

discuss:

•

Evaluation of the performance of Non-Independent

Directors and the Board of Directors as a whole;

•

Evaluation of the performance of the Chairman of the

Company, taking into account the views of the Executive

and Non-Executive Directors; and

•

Evaluation of the quality, content and timelines of

flow of information between the Management and the

Board that is necessary for the Board to effectively and

reasonably perform its duties.

The Independent Directors expressed satisfaction on the

overall performance of the Directors and the Board as a

whole. Inputs and suggestions received from the Directors

were considered at the subsequent Board Meeting and are

being implemented.

Performance Evaluation of Board

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

and Listing Regulations, a formal evaluation mechanism

is in place for evaluating the performance of the Board,

the Committees thereof, individual Directors and the

Chairman of the Board. The evaluation was done based:

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer affirming the compliance with the Code

of Conduct by the Board Members and Senior Management

Personnel of the Company for the Financial Year ended

March 31, 2021 is attached and forms part of this Report.

2. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

The Board Committees play a vital role in improving Board

effectiveness and have been constituted to deal where more

focused and extensive discussions are required/activities

as mandated by applicable regulation. Some of the Board

functions are performed through specially constituted Board

Committees comprising of Non-Executive and Independent

Directors. Board Committee’s ensures focused discussion

and expedient resolution of diverse matters.

As of March 31, 2021, the Board has the following

Committee(s) constituted for better and focused attention

on various affairs of the Company:

(a) Audit Committee

(b) Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(c) Stakeholders Relationship Committee

(d) Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

(e) Risk Management Committee

(f) Capital Raising Committee

(g) Finance Committee

All the Committees have formally established terms of

references / Charter. The Chairman of the respective

Committee informs the Board about the summary of the

discussions held in the Committee Meetings. The Minutes

of the Committee Meetings are noted by the Board. The

Board Committees can request special invitees to join the

meeting, as appropriate.

The role and composition of the aforesaid Committees,

including the number of meetings held and the related

attendance of the members are given below:

A. Audit Committee

The Company has an Audit Committee at the Board

level with power and role that are in accordance with the

Listing Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013.The

Audit Committee oversees the accounting, auditing and

overall financial reporting process of the Company. The

Audit Committee acts as a link between the Management,

the Statutory Auditors, Internal Auditors and the Board of

Directors to oversee the financial reporting process of the

Company.

The Committee is governed by a Charter which is in line with

the regulatory requirements mandated by the Companies

Act, 2013 and Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations.

Terms of Reference

The broad terms of reference adopted by the Audit

Committee of your Company includes the following:

1.

Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process

and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure

that the financial statement is correct, sufficient and

credible.

2.

Recommendation for appointment, remuneration and

terms of appointment of auditors of the Company.

3.

Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other

services rendered by statutory auditors.

4.

Reviewing with the management, the annual financial

statements and auditor’s report thereon before

submission to the board for approval, with particular

reference to:

a.

Matters required to be included in the Director’s

Responsibility Statement to be included in the

Board’s report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section

3 of section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;

b.

Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices

and reasons for the same;

c.

Major accounting entries involving estimates based

on the exercise of judgment by management;:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and Chief

Financial Officer of the Company are permanent invitees

to the Audit Committee Meetings. Representatives of the

Statutory Auditors and Internal Auditors of the Company are

also invited to the Audit Committee Meetings. Additionally,

other Senior Management Personnel are also invited to the

Committee Meetings to present reports on the respective

functions that are discussed at the meetings from time to

time. The Cost Auditors attend the meeting when Cost Audit

Report is discussed.

During the Financial Year 2020-21, eight meetings of the

Audit Committee were held on April 9, 2020, June 12, 2020,

June 30, 2020, August 5, 2020, August 31, 2020, September

4, 2020, October 28, 2020 and February 12, 2021.

The intervening gap between two Meetings did not exceed

120 days. All Audit Committee meetings were attended by

all the members of the Committee.

Name of Director

Category

No. of

Meetings

held during

the tenure

No. of

Meetings

attended

Mr. Ashwani Windlass

(Chairman)

Independent

8

8

Mr. Arun Thiagarajan

Independent

8

8

Mr. D. Bhattacharya

Non-Executive

8

8

Mr. Thomas Reisten

Non-Executive

8

8

Mr. Krishnan Ramachandran

Independent

8

8

Mr. Suresh Vaswani

Independent

8

8

All the recommendations made by the Audit Committee

were accepted by the Board. The composition of the

Committee was changed pursuant to the resignation of

Mr. Thomas Reisten and appointment of Mr. Diego Massidda on

February 24, 2021.

B. Nomination and Remuneration Committee

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has been

entrusted with role of formulating criteria for determining

the qualifications, positive attributes and independence of

the Directors as well as identifying persons who are qualified

to become Directors and persons who may be appointed

at senior management levels and also devising a policy on

remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and

other senior employees. The Committee also monitors

and administers the Company’s Employee Stock Option

Scheme(s). The Nomination & Remuneration Committee’s

constitution and terms of reference are in compliance with

the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation

19 and Part D of the Schedule II of the Listing Regulations.

Terms of Reference

The broad terms of reference adopted by the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee includes the following:

•

set the level and composition of remuneration which is

reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate

Directors and senior management of the quality required

to run your Company successfully;

•

set the relationship of remuneration to performance;

•

check whether the remuneration provided to Directors

and senior management includes a balance between

fixed and incentive pay reflecting short and long-term

performance objectives appropriate to the working of

your Company and its goals;

•

formulate appropriate policies, institute processes

which enable the identification of individuals who

are qualified to become Directors and who may be

appointed in senior management and recommend the

same to the Board;

•

review and implement succession and development

plans for: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and the

senior management team is determined by the Nomination

& Remuneration Committee, which is in accordance with

the remuneration policy of the Company. A fair portion of

the remuneration is linked to the Company’s performance,

thereby creating a strong alignment of interest with

shareholders.

The recommendations of the Committee are considered

and approved by the Board, subject to the approval of the

members of the Company, wherever necessary.

I.

Details of the Managerial Remuneration paid to the Executive Directors during Financial Year 2020-21

is as under:

Executive Director

Relationship

with other

Directors

Business

relationship with

the Company, if any

Remuneration during 2020-21

All elements of

remuneration package

i.e. salary, allowances

and other benefits etc.

Fixed component &

performance linked

incentives along with

performance criteria

Service

Contract,

notice period,

severance fees

Stock

Option

details,

if any

Mr. Ravinder Takkar

None: Managing

letter

dated April 9, 2019 directed the Company to spend the

unspent CSR amount for FY 2015-16 and FY 2016-17,

aggregating to ` 72.72 crores in 8 equal quarterly

instalments, commencing from the quarter beginning

April–June 2019. The Company has been spending the

amount of ` 9.09 crores every quarter towards the CSR

activities since April–June, 2019 quarter.

The details of CSR activities undertaken in FY 2020-21

are provided in the Boards’ Report. The focus areas for

Company’s CSR activities were health care, education,

sustainable livelihood, infrastructure development and

social change. The Annual Report on the CSR activities

for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2021 is attached

as ‘Annexure B’ to the Board’s Report. Corporate Social

Responsibility Policy of the Company is available on the

Company’s website www.vodafoneidea.com.

E. Risk Management Committee

In compliance with the requirements of Regulation 21 of

the Listing Regulations, the Board has duly constituted

the Risk Management Committee. The Committee’s

prime responsibility is to frame, implement and monitor

the Enterprise Risk Management framework for the

Company. The Committee reviews and monitors the

risk management plan and ensures its effectiveness.

The Committee comprised of four members – two

Non-Executive Directors and two Independent Directors.

Mr. Himanshu Kapania (Non-Executive) is the Chairman

of the Committee and Mr. Thomas Reisten (Non-

Executive), Mr. Arun Adhikari (Independent) and

Mr. Ashwani Windlass (Independent) are other members

of the Risk Management Committee. Pursuant to the

resignation of Mr. Thomas Reisten and appointment

of Mr. Diego Massidda on February 24, 2021, the

composition of the Committee as on March 31, 2021

comprised of Mr. Himanshu Kapania (Non-Executive) as

the Chairman of the Committee and Mr. Diego Massidda

(Non-Executive), Mr. Arun Adhikari (Independent) and

Mr. Ashwani Windlass (Independent) as the members.

The: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and Akshaya Moondra, Chief Financial Officer of

Vodafone Idea Limited (‘the Company’), to the best of our knowledge and belief, hereby certify that:

a)

We have reviewed the financial statements and cash flow statements of the Company for the year ended

March 31, 2021 and:

i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements

that might be misleading;

ii)

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing

Accounting Standards, applicable laws and regulations.

b)

There are no transactions entered into by the Company during the year ended March 31, 2021, which are fraudulent,

illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct.

c)

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and we have evaluated

the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting. We have disclosed to

the Auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design and operations of such internal controls, if any, of

which we are aware and steps that have been taken to rectify these deficiencies.

d)

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee, wherever applicable:

i)

Significant changes in the internal control over financial reporting during the year;

ii)

Significant changes in the accounting policies during the year and that the same has been disclosed in the notes

to the financial statements; and

iii) Instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management

or any employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Date : June 30, 2021

Ravinder Takkar: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer w.e.f. 19 August 2019

Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment/continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management

of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an

assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

Umesh Ved

Umesh Ved & Associates

Company Secretaries

FCS No. : 4411

Place: Ahmedabad

C.P. No. : 2924

Date: June 29, 2021

UDIN: F004411C000542850:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

b) Details of BR head

S.No. Description

Information

1

DIN Number (if applicable)

Not Applicable

2

Name

Mr. P. Balaji

3

Designation

Chief Regulatory & Corporate Affairs Officer

4

Telephone number

+91 11 23210134

5

Email-id

shs@vodafoneidea.com

The National Voluntary Guidelines on Social, Environmental and Economic Responsibilities of Business (NVGs) released by

the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has adopted nine areas of Business Responsibility, as listed below:

P1 – Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability.

P2 – Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout their life

cycle.

P3 – Businesses should promote the well-being of all employees.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

and/or all top Management (CXOs) representing every Function

including the Chief Regulatory & Corporate Affairs Officer who is

the designated Chief Sustainability Officer.

Committee members ideate and oversee sustainability governance

across the Company, own the policies, accelerate progress and

streamline the successful adoption of new sustainability related

processes. The Management Committee (MC) comprising all

Cluster Heads are apprised and their inputs taken into consideration

before rolling out any program.

Cross-functional thematic Sustainability Committees and

Sub-committees at the Corporate level - Senior and Middle

Management Nominees from all functions assist the EC and MC.

The entire process is coordinated by the full time Sustainability

Officer/SME (Subject Matter Expert) who is also the Single Point

of Contact (SPOC).

Site Sustainability Committee / Working Groups

Vodafone Idea has identified site level representation to ensure

adherence to key identified responsible stewardship focus areas

such as tracking all Occupational Health & Safety incidents;:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

comprising of all CXOs leading from the front. The EC deliberate

and drive sustainability governance of the Company and

ensure efficient adoption of new sustainability processes and

accelerate its progress.

•

Chief Regulatory & Corporate Affairs Officer is the designate

Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) with CSR and Sustainability

Head as the Sustainability Champion.

•

Sustainability Officer/Subject Matter Expert (SME) drives all

companywide initiatives with HoD level SPOCs nominated from

all Functions.

•

Thematic Cross Functional Teams (CFT) measure and manage

sustainability focus areas across the Company.

9

Does the Company have a grievance redressal

mechanism related to the policy/policies to address

stakeholders’ grievances related to the policy/

policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

Y

Y

10

Has the Company carried out independent audit/

evaluation of the working of this policy by an internal

or external agency?

The Company has a robust Sustainability Framework of Policies,

Technical Standards, and Guidance Notes based not just on the

local laws but also on leading International standards.

The Company is publishing regular (Bi annual) dedicated

Sustainability Reports as per international standards from Financial

Year 2016-17. Its previous Sustainability Reports aligned to GRI

G4 Guidelines are already in public domain and can be downloaded

from the Company’s website.:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer is on the governing body of Telecom Sector

Skill Council.

The Company is also involved in the activities of TSDSI,

which is a not for profit legal entity in a PPP mode with

participation from stakeholders including Governments,

service providers, vendors, manufacturers, academic

institutes and research laboratories.

Vodafone Idea is a key member of the COAI and currently

holds the position of Chairman, COAI through its Managing

Director & Chief Executive Officer. Its senior executives are

Chair/ Co-chair of various Committees of the industry body.

Vodafone Idea is also associated with the GSMA and works

closely with the association on various industry programs

such as making India 5G ready, M2M and standards for

E-SIM, spectrum related issues such as identification of

globally harmonized bands for IMT, reasonable approach to

spectrum pricing, etc.

SEBI – BRR Questionnaire Responses for Principle 7:

1. Is your Company a member of any trade and

chamber or association? If Yes, Name only those

major ones that your business deals with.

Ans: Yes. Vodafone Idea is a member of several key Indian

and global industry associations. Some of these are

(as mentioned in the paragraph above):

1.

Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI);

2.

The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry

of India (ASSOCHAM);

3.

Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and

Industry (FICCI);

4.

Confederation of Indian Industry (CII);

5.

GSM Association (GSMA);

6.

European Business Group (EBG);

7.

UK India Business Council (UKIBC);

8.

US India Business Council (USIBC);

9.

Telecom Sector Skill Council of India; and

10. Telecommunications Standards Development Society,

India (TSDSI).

2.

Have you advocated/lobbied through

above associations for the advancement or

improvement of public good? Yes/No. If yes

specify the broad areas (drop box: Governance

and Administration, Economic Reforms,

Inclusive Development Policies, Energy Security,

Water, Food Security, Sustainable Business

Principles, Others.

Ans: Vodafone Idea is a core member of the COAI. The

industry body is the lead interlocutor between the

policymaker (DoT), the Regulator (TRAI), and the

eco-system at large. The association has been involved

in facilitating a smooth and productive dialogue with the

Government on behalf of the operators in the country,

on various public policy matters such as restoration

of financial health of the sector, seeking reduction in

regulatory levies, GST related issues, spectrum related

matters, streamlining of various processes and making

them online for ease of doing business, aligning State

right of way policies and charges with Central ROW

Rules 2016 and automating processes, participating

in consultation processes on tariffs, inter-connection,

international termination charges, enhancement of

scope of infrastructure providers, traffic management

practices, privacy and data protection bill, etc.

Vodafone Idea has also participated in various GSMA

programs designed for best practice sharing such as

its workshop on 5G perspectives around technology

& competition, etc.

Principle 8: Businesses should support inclusive

growth and equitable development

Inclusive growth and equitable development is core to the

Company’s ethos. One of the Company’s mission pertains to

Community – Be the most respected Company by leveraging

technology and purposeful innovation to catalyze social

prosperity, digital literacy and inclusivity.

Moreover, Company’s roadmap for Social Inclusion and

Equitable Development aims at ensuring maximum people

are included and empowered by connecting them to

sustainable economic growth. This objective is guided by

its four Social Pillars:

1.

Bringing Digital Divide and Bringing all underprivileged

into digital Presence;

2.

Ensuring Inclusion at work;

3.

Creating opportunity for marginalized section of the

society and integrating them to mainstream of the

society; and

4.

Community development and nation building through

sustainable development.:

letter of credit]

outstanding as at March 31, 2021 and compared the amounts as per confirmations

with the amounts in the books of accounts and tested with the reconciliation

provided by the management.

• We verified the interest/commission rate used by the Company for

computation of interest cost with the loan/bank guarantee agreements and

various correspondences received by the Company from respective banks and

corresponding increase in rates due to non-remediation of debt covenant and

downgrade in credit rating.

• We verified the security created against fund and non-fund facilities with the

agreements and documents related to charges filed with Register of Companies.

• We assessed the borrowing related accounting policy and disclosures in the

standalone Ind AS financial statements for compliance as per Ind AS 107.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(DIN : 01719511)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Gurugram

Akshaya Moondra

Chief Financial Officer

Pankaj Kapdeo

Company Secretary

Date : June 30, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(DIN : 01719511)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Gurugram

Akshaya Moondra

Chief Financial Officer

Pankaj Kapdeo

Company Secretary

Date : June 30, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

` Mn:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(DIN : 01719511)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Gurugram

Akshaya Moondra

Chief Financial Officer

Pankaj Kapdeo

Company Secretary

Date : June 30, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(DIN : 01719511)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Gurugram

Akshaya Moondra

Chief Financial Officer

Pankaj Kapdeo

Company Secretary

Date : June 30, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai:

letter that was filed with DoT

confirming payment of 10% of the total dues along

with an undertaking to pay the arrears as per the Court

judgement.

Further, on January 7, 2021, the Company has filed

a modification application with the Hon’ble Supreme

Court requesting them to allow DoT to correct manifest/

clerical/arithmetic errors in the computation of AGR

demands and carry out the corrections in accordance

with law within a reasonable period of time. The matter

is yet to be heard. Meanwhile DoT issued additional

demands towards license fees and Spectrum usage

charges for which the company has written to them

requesting corrections of certain error in Spectrum

rates, computational errors, admissible pass-through

not considered based on the principles laid down in the

AGR judgement. Pending response on the same, the

Company has disclosed the excess of such demands

over the provision considered as Contingent Liabilities.

During the year, the Company has recognised interest

expense amounting to ` 33,705 Mn in addition to

` 194,405 Mn as mentioned above. The Company has

split the total liability as at March 31, 2021 amounting

to ` 609,603 Mn (net of payment of ` 78,544 Mn)

into other current financial liabilities of ` 42,081 Mn

and deferred payment obligation under long term

borrowings of ` 567,522 Mn in line with the principles

of the AGR judgement.

4. The Company has incurred losses of ` 462,937 Mn for

the year ended March 31, 2021 and the networth is

negative ` 377,076 Mn. As at March 31, 2021, the

total debt (including interest accrued but not due and

AGR liability) of the Company stands at ` 1,867,790

Mn. The Company has classified ` 85,472 Mn (net of

waiver received) from non-current borrowings to current

maturities of long-term debt for not meeting certain

covenant clauses under the financial agreements for

specified financial ratios as at March 31, 2021. Further,

as a result of the rating downgrade, certain lenders

had asked for increase of interest rates and additional

margin money/security against existing facilities.

The Company has exchanged correspondences and

continues to be in discussion with the lenders for

the next steps/waivers. The existing debt (excluding

deferred spectrum obligation of ` 20,941 Mn for

which additional Bank Guarantees of ` 9,757 Mn is

to be given to avail additional 1 year moratorium) of

` 81,184 Mn and the next instalment of the AGR

Judgement matter (as mentioned in Note 3 above) are

payable by March 31, 2022. Guarantees amounting to

` 70,399 Mn are due to expire during the next twelve

months. The Company has also written to DoT for

deferment of the spectrum payment instalment of

` 82,117 Mn payable as at April 9, 2022.

The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting

held on September 4, 2020 had approved the

fund-raising plan of up to ` 250,000 Mn.

There exists material uncertainty relating to the

Company’s ability to continue as a going concern which

is dependent on its ability to raise additional funds

as required, successful negotiations with lenders on

continued support, refinancing of debts, monetisation of

certain assets, outcome of the modification application

filed with the Hon’ble Supreme Court and clarity of the

next instalment amount, acceptance of its deferment

request by DoT and generation of cash flow from

operations that it needs to settle/renew its liabilities/

guarantees as they fall due. As of date, the Company

has met all its debt obligations. Pending the outcome

of the above matters, these financial statement have

been prepared on a going concern basis.

5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

a) Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue is recognised when a customer receives

services and thus has the ability to direct the use

and obtain benefits from those services. Revenue is

measured at the Transaction price i.e. an amount that

reflects the consideration, to which an entity expects

to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or

services to customers, excluding amounts collected on

behalf of third parties. Taxes and duties collected by

the seller/service provider are to be deposited with the

government and not received by the Company on their

own account. Accordingly, it is excluded from revenue.

The Company evaluates its exposure to significant risks

and reward associated with the revenue arrangements in

order to determine its position of a principal or an agent

in this regard. Consideration payable to a customer

includes cash or credit or other items expected to

be payable to the customer (or to other parties that

purchase the entity’s services from the customer).

The Company accounts for consideration payable to

a customer as a reduction from the transaction price

unless the payment to the customer is in exchange for

a distinct service that the customer transfers to the

entity.

NOTES

forming part of the Financial Statements:

letter of credits apart from security provided as referred in note 21 (C)(ii).

NOTE 11 : OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

` Mn

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Capital advances

- Considered Good (includes amount referred in note 40(viii))

5,775

38

- Considered Doubtful

32

2

Prepaid expenses

379

797

Advance income tax (net)

61,191

69,396

GST recoverable

1,286

4,509

Costs to obtain a contract with the customer (refer note 43)

5,166

-

Others (consisting mainly deposit against demands which are appealed against/subjudice)

- Considered Good

60,733

58,421

- Considered Doubtful

1,393

1,432

135,955

134,595

Allowance for doubtful advances (refer note 47)

(1,425)

(1,434)

Total

134,530

133,161

NOTE 12 : CURRENT INVESTMENTS

` Mn

Particulars

As at March 31, 2021

As at March 31, 2020

Qty in

‘000 Units

`

Value

Qty in

‘000 Units

`

Value

Investment in units of liquid funds (quoted)

Aditya Birla Sun Life Liquid Fund - Dir - Growth (formerly known as Birla

Sun Life Cash Plus - Direct - Growth)

-

-

14,233

4,548

Total

-

-

14,233

4,548

NOTES

forming part of the Financial Statements:

letter of credits issued by banks for a period ranging from 1 to 7 years (March 31, 2020 : 1

to 3 years).

(2)Includes ` 16,594 Mn given to avail bank guarantees and: letter of credits apart from security provided as referred in note 21 (C)(ii).

NOTES

forming part of the Financial Statements

letter of credit including

guarantee to DoT with respect to deferred payment liabilities towards spectrum, one time spectrum charges and various performance/roll

out obligations. The details of the same are as below:

` Mn

Type of

funding

Security Amount

Outstanding Facility Amount

Security Offered

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Bank Guarantee

and: Letter of

Credit

20,000

20,000

7,400

7,542 First Pari Passu charge on movable (including CWIP) and

current assets of the Company excluding

a) passive telecom infrastructure

b) vehicles upto ` 2,500 Mn and

c) spectrum and telecom licenses

24,250

24,250

24,250

20,367 Second pari passu charge on movable (including CWIP)

and current assets of the Company(1)

97,500

97,500

97,471

97,500 Second pari passu charge on movable (including CWIP)

and current assets of the Company excluding(1)

a) passive telecom infrastructure

b) vehicles upto ` 2,500 Mn and

c) spectrum and telecom licenses

3,000

3,000

402

402 Second pari passu charge on movable (including CWIP)

assets of the Company (1)

63,000

68,750

56,330

51,384 First pari passu charge on movable fixed assets of the

Company acquired pursuant to amalgamation of VMSL

and VInL with the company excluding

a) passive telecom infrastructure

b) vehicles upto ` 2,500 Mn

c) spectrum and telecom licenses

19,350

-

19,346

- a) a first ranking exclusive charge by way of hypothecation

over all the Fiber Assets owned by Vodafone Idea

Telecom Infrastructure Limited (VITIL) (100%

subsidiary of the Company), the Current Assets in

relation to such Fiber Assets and IRU Agreements

entered into between VITIL and counter parties;

b) an irrevocable and unconditional guarantee by VITIL

by way of a Deed of Corporate Guarantee; and

c) a first ranking exclusive mortgage of an Immovable

Property situated at Jaipur, by way of deposit of title

deeds.

NOTES

forming part of the Financial Statements

` Mn

letter of credits of ` 38,006 Mn. (March 31, 2020: ` 39,544 Mn.)

(1)Security offered does not cover properties/assets acquired pursuant to amalgamation of VMSL and VInL with the Company.

(D) Repayment terms of loans from banks and others as on March 31, 2021

` Mn

Type of Borrowing

Current maturities

of loans from

banks and others

Loans from bank

and others excluding

current maturities

Total Repayment Terms for the Balance Amount

(i) Secured Loans

a) Rupee Loan(1)

6,250

39,375

45,625 a) ` 625 Mn is repayable in June, 2021

b) Repayable in 12 equal quarterly installments of 3.75% each of the

total drawn amount starting Sep, 2021

c) Repayable in 8 equal quarterly installments of 5% each of the total

drawn amount starting Sep, 2024

d) Repayable in 2 equal quarterly installments of 2.5% each of the

total drawn amount starting Sep, 2026

b) Rupee Loan

-

9,950

9,950 Repayable in February, 2024

c) Rupee Loan(1)

30,000

-

30,000 Repayable in 20 equal quarterly installments starting September, 2021

d) Rupee Loan(1)

1,431

-

1,431 Repayable in June, 2026

Sub-Total (A)

37,681

49,325

87,006

(ii) Unsecured Loans

a) Foreign currency Loan(1)

1,741

-

1,741 Repayable in 5 equal half yearly installments starting April, 2021

b) Foreign currency Loan(1)

580

-

580 Repayable in May,2021

c) Foreign currency Loan(1)

7,394

-

7,394 Repayable in 2 equal annual installments starting June, 2021

d) Foreign currency Loan(1)

7,599

-

7,599 Repayable in 2 equal annual installments starting July, 2021

e) Foreign currency Loan

-

-

- Repaid

f) Rupee Term Loan(1)

40,000

-

40,000 Repayable in 4 equal quarterly installments starting September, 2022

g) Rupee Term Loan(1)

10,000

-

10,000 Repayable in 4 equal quarterly installments starting October 2022

h) Rupee Term Loan

913

587

1,500 Repayable in Half yearly installments starting from June 2021 to

December 2023.

i) 7.57% Redeemable Non

Convertible Debentures

15,000

-

15,000 Repayable in December, 2021

j) 7.77% Redeemable Non

Convertible Debentures

15,000

-

15,000 Repayable in January, 2022

k) 8.04% Redeemable Non

Convertible Debentures

20,000

-

20,000 Repayable in January, 2022

l) 8.03% Redeemable Non

Convertible Debentures

5,000

-

5,000 Repayable in January, 2022

m) 8.03% Redeemable Non

Convertible Debentures

5,000

-

5,000 Repayable in February, 2022

n) 10.90% Redeemable Non

Convertible Debentures

-

15,000

15,000 Repayable in September, 2023

Sub-Total

128,227

15,587

143,814

Unamortised upfront fees

(39)

(66)

(105)

Sub-Total (B)

128,188

15,521

143,709

Grand Total (A+B)

165,869

64,846

230,715

NOTES

forming part of the Financial Statements

` Mn:

Letter for respective service areas. As on the Balance Sheet date, the Company had not received the frequency assignment: letter from

DoT. As per the payment options available, the Company has chosen the deferred payment option. The upfront payment amount of

` 5,747 Mn under the deferred payment option was paid on March 18, 2021, the due date for payment.

The amount of ` 5,747 Mn paid towards the upfront payment for the unassigned spectrum is included in Capital Advances and the

deferred payment obligation of ` 14,187 Mn along with accrued interest of ` 37 Mn is disclosed under Capital Commitments.

ix)

The Implementation Agreement entered between the parties define a settlement mechanism between the Company and the

promoters of erstwhile VInL for any cash inflow/outflow that could possibly arise to/by the company towards settlement of certain

outstanding disputes pertaining to the period until May 31, 2018. As at March 31, 2020, the Company had recognized settlement

assets amounting to ` 83,687 Mn being capped basis Implementation Agreement. The settlement of such assets recognized was

NOTES

forming part of the Financial Statements

Managing Director effective from August 19,2019)

Smt. Neena Gupta

Mr. Arun Adhikari

Mr. Ashwani Windlass

Mr. Krishnan Ramachandran

Mr. Suresh Vaswani

Others

G.D Birla Medical Research & Education Foundation

Svatantra Microfin Private Limited

Mahan Coal Limited

Trust(1)

Vodafone Idea Limited Employees Group Gratuity Fund(formerly ICL Employee’s Group Gratuity

Scheme)

Vodafone Idea Limited Employees Superannuation Scheme(formerly ICL Employee Superannuation

Scheme)

Vodafone Idea Manpower Services Limited Employees Group Gratuity Scheme(formerly Idea Cellular

Services Limited Employee’s Gratuity Scheme)

Hutchison Max Telecom Limited Superannuation Fund

(1)Transaction with trust includes contribution to provident fund, pension, gratuity and superannuation funds and refer note 50 for information

on transaction with post-employment benefit plans mentioned above.

(2)Effective from November 19, 2020, Indus Towers Limited (“Indus”) merged with and into Bharti Infratel Limited (“BIL”).The merged entity

is hereafter named as Indus Towers Limited “Indus”. Pursuant to this merger, the relationship of the Company with Indus Tower Limited

has changed from Joint Venture (till November 18, 2020) to Entities having significant influence (from November 19, 2020).

NOTES

forming part of the Financial Statements:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(DIN : 01719511)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Gurugram

Akshaya Moondra

Chief Financial Officer

Pankaj Kapdeo

Company Secretary

Date : June 30, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

` Mn

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Loans from banks and others

65,576

87,821

Deferred Payment Obligations

1,509,309

876,525

Current Maturities of loans from banks and others

165,869

186,347

Current Maturities of Deferred Payment obligations

63,079

482

Less: Investment in liquid mutual funds

-

(4,548)

Less: Cash and cash equivalents

(2,402)

(3,223)

Less: Fixed deposits with banks having maturity of 3 to 12 months

(2)

(16,500)

Net debt (A)

1,801,429

1,126,904

Equity share capital

287,354

287,354

Other Equity

(664,430)

(197,341)

Total Equity (B)

(377,076)

90,013

Net debt-equity ratio (A)/(B)

(4.78)

12.52

No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the year ended March 31, 2021 and March

31, 2020.

NOTE 61

Previous year figures have been regrouped/rearranged wherever necessary to conform to the current year grouping.

NOTES

forming part of the Financial Statements:

letter of credit] outstanding as

at March 31, 2021 and compared the amounts as per confirmations with the amounts

in the books of accounts and tested the reconciliation provided by management.

• We verified the interest/commission rate used by the Company for computation of

interest cost with the loan/bank guarantee agreements and various correspondences

received by the Company from respective banks and corresponding increase in rates

due to non-remediation of debt covenant and downgrade in credit rating.

• We verified the security created against fund and non-fund facilities with the

agreements and documents related to charges filed with Register of Companies.

• We assessed the borrowing related accounting policy and disclosures in the

consolidated Ind AS financial statements for compliance as per Ind AS 107.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(DIN : 01719511)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Gurugram

Akshaya Moondra

Chief Financial Officer

Pankaj Kapdeo

Company Secretary

Date : June 30, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

as at March 31, 2021:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(DIN : 01719511)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Gurugram

Akshaya Moondra

Chief Financial Officer

Pankaj Kapdeo

Company Secretary

Date : June 30, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(DIN : 01719511)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Gurugram

Akshaya Moondra

Chief Financial Officer

Pankaj Kapdeo

Company Secretary

Date : June 30, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(DIN : 01719511)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Gurugram

Akshaya Moondra

Chief Financial Officer

Pankaj Kapdeo

Company Secretary

Date : June 30, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

` Mn:

letter

that was filed with DoT confirming payment of 10% of the

total dues along with an undertaking to pay the arrears as per

the Court judgement.

Further, on January 7, 2021, the Company has filed a

modification application with the Hon’ble Supreme Court

requesting them to allow DoT to correct manifest/clerical/

arithmetic errors in the computation of AGR demands and

carry out the corrections in accordance with law within

a reasonable period of time. The matter is yet to be

heard. Meanwhile DoT issued additional demands towards

license fees and Spectrum usage charges for which the

company has written to them requesting corrections of certain

error in Spectrum rates, computational errors, admissible

pass-through not considered based on the principles laid

down in the AGR judgement. Pending response on the same,

the Group has disclosed the excess of such demands over

the provision considered as Contingent Liabilities. During the

year, the Group has recognised interest expense amounting

to ` 33,763 Mn in addition to ` 194,405 Mn as mentioned

above. The Group has split the total liability as at March

31, 2021 amounting to ` 609,603 Mn (net of payment

of ` 78,544 Mn) into other current financial liabilities of `

42,081 Mn and deferred payment obligation under long term

borrowings of ` 567,522 Mn in line with the principles of the

AGR judgment.

4.

The Group has incurred losses of ` 442,331 Mn for the

year ended March 31, 2021 and the networth is negative

` 382,280 Mn. As at March 31, 2021, the total debt (including

interest accrued but not due and AGR liability) of the Group

stands at ` 1,867,055 Mn. The Group has classified ` 85,472

Mn (net of waiver received) from non-current borrowings

to current maturities of long-term debt for not meeting

certain covenant clauses under the financial agreements for

specified financial ratios as at March 31, 2021. Further, as

a result of the rating downgrade, certain lenders had asked

for increase of interest rates and additional margin money/

security against existing facilities. The Group has exchanged

correspondences and continues to be in discussion with

the lenders for the next steps/waivers. The existing debt

(excluding deferred spectrum obligation of ` 20,941 Mn for

which additional Bank Guarantees of ` 9,757 Mn is to be

given to avail additional 1 year moratorium) of ` 80,454 Mn

and the next instalment of the AGR Judgement matter (as

mentioned in Note 3 above) are payable by March 31, 2022.

Guarantees amounting to ` 70,399 Mn are due to expire

during the next twelve months. The Group has also written

to DoT for deferment of the spectrum payment instalment of

` 82,117 Mn payable as at April 9, 2022.

The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held

on September 4, 2020 had approved the fund-raising plan

of up to ` 250,000 Mn.

There exists material uncertainty relating to the Group’s

ability to continue as a going concern which is dependent

on its ability to raise additional funds as required, successful

negotiations with lenders on continued support, refinancing

of debts, monetisation of certain assets, outcome of the

modification application filed with the Hon’ble Supreme

Court and clarity of the next instalment amount, acceptance

of its deferment request by DoT and generation of cash flow

from operations that it needs to settle / renew its liabilities/

guarantees as they fall due. As of date, the Group has met

all its debt obligations. Pending the outcome of the above

matters, these consolidated financial statements have been

prepared on a going concern basis.:

letter of credits apart from security provided as referred in note 24 (C)(ii).

NOTE 12 : OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

` Mn

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Capital advances

- Considered Good (includes amount referred in note 43(vii))

5,851

117

- Considered Doubtful

36

3

Prepaid expenses

423

840

Advance income tax (Net)

61,900

70,883

GST recoverable

- Considered Good

1,286

4,509

- Considered Doubtful

55

58

Costs to obtain a contract with the customer (refer note 46)

5,166

-

Others (consisting mainly deposit against demands which are appealed against / subjudice)

- Considered Good

60,835

58,517

- Considered Doubtful

1,405

1,444

136,957

136,371

Allowance for doubtful advances (refer note 49)

(1,496)

(1,505)

Total

135,461

134,866

NOTE 13 : INVENTORIES

` Mn

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Trading Goods

6

25

Total

6

25:

letter of credits issued by banks for a period ranging from 1 to 7 years (March 31, 2020: 1 to 3 years)

(2)Includes ` 16,594 Mn given to avail bank guarantees and: letter of credits apart from security provided as referred in note 24 (C)(ii).

(3)Contribution received by Vodafone Foundation towards CSR activities.

(4)Represents cash received from participating merchant establishments and customers in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India

guidelines. The balance can only be used for the purpose of making payment to participating merchants and other permitted payments.

NOTE 18 : LOANS TO JOINT VENTURE AND OTHERS (UNSECURED AND CONSIDERED GOOD, UNLESS

OTHERWISE STATED)

` Mn

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Loan to related parties (refer note 57)

- Loan to Joint Venture(1)

8

8

Current portion of loans to employees

1

1

Total

9

9

(1)Loans have been provided for general corporate purpose and interest rate is from 8.75% to 9.8% p.a. (March 31, 2020: from 8.75% to

9.8% p.a). Maximum loan outstanding during the year ` 8 Mn (March 31, 2020: ` 8 Mn).

NOTE 19 : OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS

` Mn

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Interest Receivable

343

1,146

Deposits with body corporate and others

- Considered Good

4

9

- Considered Doubtful

6

-

Deposits and balances with government authorities(1)

1,518

-

Derivative assets at fair value through profit or loss (forward contracts and cross currency swaps)

-

691

Settlement Asset (refer note 43(viii))

-

20,886

Other receivables (includes amount referred in note 57)

252

301

2,123

23,033

Allowance for doubtful advances (refer note 49)

(6)

-

Total

2,117

23,033

(1) Includes balance with DoT amounting to ` 1,513 Mn (March 31, 2020: ` Nil)

NOTE 20 : OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

` Mn

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

GST recoverable

- Considered Good

84,434

78,140

- Considered Doubtful

706

222

Prepaid expenses

3,269

2,781

Costs to obtain a contract with the customer (refer note 46)

2,862

-

Others

- Considered Good

410

752

- Considered Doubtful

590

374

92,271

82,269

Allowance for doubtful advances (refer note 49)

(1,296)

(596)

Total

90,975

81,673

letter of credit including

guarantee to DoT with respect to deferred payment liabilities towards spectrum, one time spectrum charges and various performance/roll

out obligations. The details of the same are as below:

` Mn

Type of funding

Security Amount

Outstanding Facility Amount

Security Offered

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Bank Guarantee and: Letter of Credit

20,000

20,000

7,400

7,542

First Pari Passu charge on movable (including

CWIP) and current assets of the Company

excluding

a) passive telecom infrastructure

b) vehicles upto ` 2,500 Mn and

c) spectrum and telecom licenses

24,250

24,250

24,250

20,367

Second pari passu charge on movable (including

CWIP) and current assets of the Company(1)

97,500

97,500

97,471

97,500

Second pari passu charge on movable (including

CWIP) and current assets of the Company

excluding(1)

a) passive telecom infrastructure

b) vehicles upto ` 2,500 Mn and

c) spectrum and telecom licenses

3,000

3,000

402

402

Second pari passu charge on movable (including

CWIP) assets of the Company(1)

Letter of Credit

63,000

68,750

56,330

51,384

First pari passu charge on movable fixed assets of

the Company acquired pursuant to amalgamation

of VMSL and VInL with the company excluding

a) passive telecom infrastructure

b) vehicles upto ` 2,500 Mn

c) spectrum and telecom licenses

19,350

-

19,346

-

a) a first ranking exclusive charge by way of

hypothecation over all the Fiber Assets owned

by one of the Group company (VITIL), the

Current Assets in relation to such Fiber Assets

and IRU Agreements entered into between

VITIL and counter parties;

b) an irrevocable and unconditional guarantee

by VITIL by way of a Deed of Corporate

Guarantee; and

c) a first ranking exclusive mortgage of an

Immovable Property situated at Jaipur, by

way of deposit of title deeds.

5,142

7,570

4,907

5,148

First pari passu charge on movable fixed assets of

the Company acquired pursuant to amalgamation

of VMSL and VInL with the company excluding

a) passive telecom infrastructure

b) vehicles upto ` 2,500 Mn

c) spectrum and telecom licenses

Charge on fixed deposit of ` 363 Mn

Total

232,242

221,070

210,106

182,343

Note: Apart from this, the Company also has unsecured bank guarantees and: letter of credits of ` 38,006 Mn. (March 31, 2020: ` 39,544 Mn.)

(1)Security offered does not cover properties / assets acquired pursuant to amalgamation of VMSL and VInL with the Company.

` Mn

Letter for respective service areas. As on the Balance Sheet date, the Company had not received the frequency assignment: letter from

DoT. As per the payment options available, the Company has chosen the deferred payment option. The upfront payment amount of

` 5,747 Mn under the deferred payment option was paid on March 18, 2021, the due date for payment.

Managing Director effective from August 19,2019)

Smt. Neena Gupta

Mr. Arun Adhikari

Mr. Ashwani Windlass

Mr. Krishnan Ramachandran

Mr. Suresh Vaswani

Others

G.D Birla Medical Research & Education Foundation

Svatantra Microfin Private Limited

Mahan Coal Limited

Trust(1)

Vodafone Idea Limited Employees Group Gratuity Fund (formerly ICL Employee’s Group Gratuity

Scheme)

Vodafone Idea Limited Employees Superannuation Scheme (formerly ICL Employee Superannuation

Scheme)

Vodafone Idea Manpower Services Limited Employees Group Gratuity Scheme (formerly Idea Cellular

Services Limited Employee’s Gratuity Scheme)

Hutchison Max Telecom Limited Superannuation Fund

(1)Transaction with trust includes contribution to provident fund, pension, gratuity and superannuation funds and refer note 53 for information

on transaction with post-employment benefit plans mentioned above.

(2) Effective from November 19, 2020, Indus Towers Limited (“Indus”) merged with and into Bharti Infratel Limited (“BIL”). The merged entity

is thereafter named as Indus Towers Limited “Indus”. Pursuant to this merger, the relationship of the Company with Indus has changed

from Joint Venture (till November 18, 2020) to Entities having significant influence (from November 19, 2020).:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(DIN : 01719511)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Gurugram

Akshaya Moondra

Chief Financial Officer

Pankaj Kapdeo

Company Secretary

Date : June 30, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai:

