Dear Shareholders,

The last financial year has been a

dynamic one for us. A year where

we started afresh, penning a brand

new chapter in our book. This new

chapter, ZEE 4.0, encompasses

a new pattern of thoughts, a new

wave of emotions, a new

connection with our consumers

and partners, and a new strategic

vision for growth. The Company

has been on a transformative

journey, and I am glad to share

that we have implemented several

key steps in line with our 4.0

vision, propelling us on a stronger

path to greater success.

The year was also an

unpredictable one, challenging

the resilience of not only the

businesses, but also of us as

human beings. It is indeed

astonishing to note the amount

of resilience that exists in human

nature. I can say with conviction

that both are bouncing back

strongly from the effects of

the pandemic. The Media &

Entertainment Industry continues

to display immense potential,

and as an industry leader,

ZEE is well-poised to capture

these opportunities in India

and across the globe.

Turning the ZEE 4.0 vision into reality

I previously shared my vision for ZEE 4.0 with

all of you through an Open: Letter, and the

last year has been spent turning this vision

into reality across all aspects of our business.

I firmly believe that growth doesn’t come

from a single action. It is a consequence of

persistence, courage and hard work. Having

taken a long-term view of the technological

and societal changes infringing the Media &

Entertainment ecosystem, we embarked on

the ZEE 4.0 transformative journey to unveil

a new organisation design and a clear-cut

growth strategy for the Company.

In line with the 5G approach focusing on

Governance, Granularity, Growth, Goodwill

and Gusto, we have set the wheels in motion

of our 5-year strategy in consultation with

a global strategy advisor. For ZEE 4.0, the

sky is the limit. The aim is to transform

into the largest and most profitable Media

& Entertainment company in South Asia.

We have set our eyes to become the world’s

leading global content company from

the emerging markets, driven by content

leadership based on innovation and creativity.

Our journey to achieve these targets and go

beyond, has already begun. Unparalleled

efforts have been taken to transform the

organization into the ZEE 4.0 version across

the 5Gs. We took key steps in the previous

year to reconstitute our Board with diverse

members and introduced new policies that

strengthened our Governance, mitigated

the risks and safeguarded our business

interests. Additionally, we also took proactive

steps to add a deeper layer of Granularity in

our reporting and in our communication to

shareholders, thereby maintaining a stronger

focus on transparency.

A key aspect of our future strategy sprang

into action during the year as we unveiled

a redesigned organisation structure - an

integrated and synergised engine to drive

higher Growth and profitability. With

customer centricity at the fore, we broke

down the vertical walls to create integrated

teams for Content, Digital, Revenue,

International and Movies. This new structure

will enable us to enhance our content

creation capabilities across screens,

simultaneously ensuring a seamless delivery

and monetization mechanism. Content

continues to be the core of our business, and

a ‘Content First, Cluster Centric’ framework

will further enhance our cultural connect and

deep-rooted storytelling that is a mirror to

our consumers’ lives across platforms. We

are also witnessing exponential growth in

the digital ecosystem, led by state of the art

technology, immersive viewing experiences

and data-backed innovations. To succeed

in this environment, we have integrated

our digital assets under one roof as we

endeavor to strike the right balance between

technology, data and talent to capture these

growth opportunities. Similarly, becoming

a leading global Company requires us to

relook at our strategy in the international

markets. The global Media & Entertainment

landscape is evolving at a faster clip, and we

need to not only keep pace with this change,

but move faster.

ZEE is amongst the few Indian companies

to establish a strong foothold in the global

Media & Entertainment space, and we

believe our deep learnings and insights from

India will also help us devise a strong local

strategy to cater to the audiences across

the globe. Amidst this, with all our revenue

engines firing together, it is bound to create

music to our partners’ ears as we enhance

the solutions offered to them while parallelly

focusing on wallet monetization and user

acquisition. The Movies & Music business

continues to post a strong performance,

and a streamlined operation will certainly

lead to a faster decision making process,

sharper visibility on the long-term growth of

the movie business and captialising on the

monetisation opportunities available across

platforms and markets.

The goal for us at ZEE is to not only be

widely acknowledged for our business

acumen, but also our ability to create positive

impact in the community through our noble

work. We rolled out our new Corporate Social

Responsibility (CSR) Policy with Women

Empowerment, Protection and preservation

of our Arts, Crafts, Culture, National Heritage

& Monuments, Disaster Relief & Recovery,

Integrated Rural Development and Initiatives

to improve Public Health through food quality

as the core focus areas. Like our business,

our values are extremely critical to us and

significant interventions have already been

taken in each of these areas for the overall

betterment of the society under the pillar

of Goodwill.

Even as we formulate our strategies for the

future, ZEE 4.0 is incomplete without its

People. At the end of the day, one bets on

people more than strategies. In this new

phase of ZEE, driving the business with Gusto

requires us to foster a stimulating working

environment that encourages our people to

ideate, collaborate and innovate. Keeping

this in mind, we unveiled a transformed team

structure with strong leaders at the helm

whose collective experience and expertise

will be instrumental in achieving our set

goals for the future. We also continue to

build a strong employee value proposition to

attract the best talent and build an equitable

workplace for all.

This is just the beginning, the best of ZEE

4.0 is yet to come. The future belongs to

us. We are on a firm footing and committed

to maximizing our business potential and

delivering exceptional value to the viewers,

partners and shareholders going forward.

Business continuity in an

ambiguous year

The disruption caused by Covid-19 continued

to hamper lives, livelihoods and businesses

across the globe. While there did emerge

a ray of sunshine as we beat the first wave

to attain a sense of normalcy, we donned

the battle gear once again to fight a more

ruthless second wave of infections. Amidst

this sentiment, it was commendable to see

the relentless passion and agility displayed

by our teams. This enabled us to not only

maintain business continuity and deliver the

best entertainment across our platforms, but

it also provided a conducive environment to

explore new opportunities.

The COVID-19 pandemic continues to have

a calamitous impact on the healthcare

infrastructure of the Nation as well, and we

remain committed to fighting this pandemic

together. In addition to providing essential

medical equipment and daily meals for the

affected families across states, we also

stepped up our efforts to build and donate

a Dedicated Covid Health Centre (DCHC)

to the Thane Municipal Corporation in

Maharashtra.

Amidst this, the safety and well-being of

our most valuable asset, our Human Capital

continued to be a priority for the Company.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

PAGE NO. :31-106

PAGE NO. :107-234

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

PAGE NO. :04-30

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

6

7

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director & CEO

Independent Director

Independent Director

Piyush Pandey

Manish Chokhani

Punit Goenka

Vivek Mehra

Sasha Mirchandani

Mr. Piyush Pandey, MA from St. Stephens College, Delhi and a Post Graduate in History from University of Delhi has a rich

experience of over 39 years in the field of advertising. Besides his current role as Executive Chairman of Ogilvy India, he is also

the Chief Creative Officer of Ogilvy Worldwide. He is the only Indian to have won three Grand Prizes at the London International

Advertising Awards. He was awarded the Clio Lifetime Achievement Award in 2012 and the Lion of St. Mark at the Cannes

International Festival of Creativity in 2018. In 2016, he became the first Advertising and Communication professional to be awarded

the Padma Shri in recognition of his distinguished service. Mr. Pandey has been a brand ambassador for Indian advertising at

many international forums and was also a mentor at the Berlin School of Creative Leadership. His work has won over 1,000 awards

nationally and internationally. Mr. Pandey serves on the Board of Pidilite Industries Limited among other eminent companies.

Mr. Manish Chokhani, a Chartered Accountant and MBA from the London Business School is one of India’s most respected

financial experts and investors. From 2006 to 2011, he was CEO of Enam Securities, India’s leading investment bank. He led

its $400 million merger in 2011 with Axis Bank to create Axis Capital Limited, which he led as MD & CEO until the end of 2013.

From 2014 to 2016, he served as Chairman of TPG Growth in India and from 2017 to 2019 as Senior Advisor to TPG Group, one

of the world’s largest PE firms. He currently serves as an independent director on boards that include Westlife Development

(McDonalds), Shoppers Stop among other eminent companies. He has served as a member of SEBI’s Alternative Investment

Promotion Advisory Committee and also as Co-Chairman of the Capital Markets Committee at the IMC. He has been a visiting

faculty member at IIM-Kozhikode and scholarship panels of the London Business School.

As the MD & CEO of ZEE, Punit has been extremely successful in enhancing the company’s performance and driving the

Company towards its set goals. His futuristic vision and sharp acumen in the new media domain has led ZEE to a global

stature today, expanding the Company’s international presence across 190 countries and its reach to over 1.3 billion viewers.

Mr. Goenka has received several honours, being listed amongst the top industry leaders and being awarded the esteemed

Medaille d’Honneur at MIPTV. He plays an active role in shaping the future of the M&E industry as the Chairman of BARC India

and as a Board of Director for the Indian Broadcasting Foundation (IBF).

Mr. Vivek Mehra, is a well-respected senior Chartered Accountant with an illustrious professional career spanning over

40 years and experience spanning across sectors in Taxation, accounting, risk management and Regulatory domains of Merger

& Acquisition specializing in Cross-border Investment and Transaction Structuring. He has held various leadership roles till April

2017 in PWC as Partner/ Executive Director. He was the founder and national leader for PwC Regulatory and M&A Practices and

has been elected on PwC Governance Oversight Board for two consecutive terms. Mr. Mehra is extending his expertise as an

Independent Director and esteemed Board Member for Havells India Limited, DLF Limited, HT Media Limited, Chambal Fertilizers

and Chemicals Limited among other prominent companies. He is also on the Board of Governors of ‘Grassroot Trading Network

for Women’- a SEWA venture and ‘The Asthma, Bronchitis and Cancer Lung Foundation of India’. After serving on the Board of

The Lawrence School, Sanawar, he is presently the Chairman of its Fund-Raising Committee. Mr. Mehra had given his valuable

contribution as a member of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) Steering Committee and

National Executive Committee.

Mr. Sasha Mirchandani completed his Business Administration from Strayer University, Washington and MMDP at IIM

Ahmedabad. He has over 25 years of experience at the intersection of finance, technology and digital commerce. He has

funded, mentored and advised some of the largest unicorns in India and brings deep insights about leveraging technology in

shaping new business models and bringing competitive advantage in products and markets. Mr. Mirchandani has worked with

a wide spectrum of tech and digital commerce companies during their 0-1 phase and brings a detailed understanding of digital

products. His marquee successes have been Fractal Analytics, InMobi, Myntra, 1mg, Healthkart, Zetwerk and he has worked

with these companies to help them to compete successfully in global markets. Mr. Mirchandani has successfully raised and

deployed multiple funds and was inducted into the TiE Hall of Fame, 2019 as an Outstanding Angel Investor. He co-founded

Mumbai Angels and is also Past President of Entrepreneurs Organisation (EO) Mumbai. He serves on the Boards of Hathway

Cable and Datacom, Nazara Technologies, Healthkart, Kae Capital among others.

C1- Audit Committee C2- Nomination and Remuneration Committee C3- Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

C4- Risk Management Committee C5- Stakeholders Relationship Committee

C5

C3

C4

C4

C2

C2

C2

C5

C3

C1

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Punit Misra

President – Content &

International Markets

Rahul Johri

President – Business,

South Asia

Rohit Gupta

President – Finance &

Investor Relations

Shariq Patel

Chief Business Officer-

Zee Studios

Swaroop Banerjee

COO – Zee Live

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION

AND ANALYSIS

INDIAN MACROECONOMIC OUTLOOK

INDIAN MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRY

The Indian economy contracted sharply in FY21,

for the first time since 1980 due to the global

pandemic. GDP of the country contracted by

7.3% in FY21, facing a higher impact than some

of the developed and developing nations. India

has been the growth leader amongst major

economies for past several years, however,

India saw a sharper decline in output during

the pandemic due to imposition of an early

and strict lockdown to prevent the spread of

pandemic. This led to a collapse of economic

activity in the first quarter, resulting in GDP

degrowth of 24%. However, towards the

end of the quarter, India began to gradually

open-up and economy started to recover. The

Government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)

announced a slew of measures to hasten the

recovery of economy reeling from the impact of

lockdown. This pushed GDP back into positive

growth territory, with Q3 registering growth of

0.5%, which further accelerated to 1.6% in the

next quarter. We saw an improvement across

various macro-economic indicators in the

following months - GST collections, electricity

consumption, sale of consumer durables and

passenger vehicles amongst others. As life was

getting back to normalcy, the country was hit

hard by the second and much stronger wave

of the pandemic starting mid-March. This led

to another round of widespread lockdowns

across the country and unsettled the economic

momentum. That said, this round of lockdown

was less severe compared to the previous

one and hence the economic cost of the same

was significantly lower. After a sharp spike in

the months of April and May this year, COVID

cases came down significantly. The pace

of vaccination has also gone up decisively

in past few months, especially in the large

cities. There remains a possibility of third

wave, however, its impact might be lower on

account of large-scale vaccination drives, and

lockdowns are likely to be more localised. In

the past, India’s consumption growth was, to a

large extent, insulated from the impact of any

economic slowdown. However, the lockdowns

have led to a direct impact on the income and

consumption levels of a large section of the

population. Media industry is a play on domestic

consumption growth and the sharp drop in

private final consumption expenditure (PFCE)

has had a negative impact on the sector. That

said, consumption saw a ‘V’ shaped recovery as

soon as cases started its downward journey and

accordingly, the impact of COVID on the industry

is likely to be transient. From a longer-term

perspective, Indian consumption story is driven

by strong secular trends of a growing middle

The pandemic and the consequent lockdowns

impacted the media industry in a peculiar way.

It gave a boost to content consumption, on both

television and digital platforms, as people were

confined to their homes, but it had a negative

impact on revenues. The lockdown disrupted

consumer demand, especially for discretionary

products. The advertisers pulled back on ad

spends across mediums. There was also an

impact on subscription revenues, though to a

lesser degree, helped to some extent by growth

in digital revenues. Social distancing norms also

had a devastating impact on movie exhibition

and live events segments. Accordingly, Media

and Entertainment (M&E) sector revenues fell by

24% in CY2020 to ` 1,383bn. The industry saw a

sharp fall in revenues in the first half of the year

followed by a ‘V’ shaped recovery, with growth

almost reaching pre-pandemic levels by the

fourth quarter of the fiscal.

During the year, television’s viewership saw a

step jump, driven by both increase in reach and

time spent, highlighting the importance of live

television in the country. Television segment saw

a 13% decline in revenues, primarily driven by

22% fall in ad revenues. The print segment saw

a 36% dip in revenues, ceding its number two

position in the space to Digital. Consumption

of video on digital devices continued to gain

traction on the back of rising 4G penetration and

increasing content availability across languages.

Buoyed by increase in subscription of OTT

services, digital media revenues increased by

6% even as digital ad revenues stayed flat.

Movies industry bore the maximum brunt of

the pandemic as theatrical revenues fell by

three fourths due to lockdowns. Several movies

skipped theatrical releases and were directly

released on digital platforms. The revenues

from direct to digital releases were far short

of the theatrical revenues and were unable

to compensate for the loss. Live events was

another segment hit hard due to implementation

FY17

FY18

FY19

FY20

FY21

8.3

6.8

6.5

4.0

(7.3)

Year

Real GDP growth (%)

FY17

FY18

FY19

FY20

FY21

12.3

10.0

11.8

9.7

(6.0)

Year

Nominal PFCE growth (%)

class, rising disposable incomes and increasing

discretionary spends. Once the impact of the

pandemic fully subsides, we should return to a

strong double-digit growth in PFCE.

Source: CSO

Source: CSO

PAGE NO. :31-106

PAGE NO. :107-234

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

PAGE NO. :04-30

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

31

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

30

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of

the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the

Scrutinizer by e-mail to scrutinizer.vkco@gmail.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other

person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login to

the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to

key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through

the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?”

option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions

(FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders

available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll

free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a request to Pallavi

Mhatre and Amit Vishal at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the

depositories for procuring user id and password and registration of e-mail ids

for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name

of shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN

(self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned

copy of Aadhar Card) by email to shareservice@zee.com.

2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16

digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy

of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy

of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to

shareservice@zee.com. If you are an Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method

explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual

meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.

3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@

nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for e-voting by providing

above mentioned documents.

4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility

provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities

in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account

maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders

are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their

demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.

C. THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR E-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE

AGM ARE AS UNDER:

1. The procedure for e-voting on the day of the AGM is same as the

instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the

AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on the

Resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred

from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting system in

the AGM.

3. Members who have voted through Remote e-voting will be eligible

to attend the AGM. However, they will not be eligible to vote at

the AGM.

4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances

connected with the facility for e-voting on the day of the AGM shall be the

same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.

D. INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH

VC / OAVM ARE AS UNDER:

1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through

VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-voting system. Members may access by

following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-voting system.

After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under

“Join General meeting” menu against company name. You are requested

to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join General Meeting menu. The

link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the

EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that the members who do

not have the User ID and Password for e-voting or have forgotten the User

ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-voting

instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.

2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better

experience.

3. Further, Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a

good speed to avoid any disturbance during the meeting.

4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets

or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/

Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore

recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind

of aforesaid glitches.

5. The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes

before and after the scheduled time of the commencement of the

Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility

of participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available

for 1000 members on first come first served basis. This will not include

large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding),

Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel,

the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination & Remuneration

Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who

are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on account of first come

first served basis.

6. Members who need assistance before or during the AGM, can contact

NSDL officials Pallavi Mhatre and Amit Vishal at evoting@nsdl.co.in and

1800-222-990 and 1800 22 44 30.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of appointment of Mr. Sasha Mirchandani setting out the terms

and conditions of appointment is available for inspection by the Members on the

website of the Company.

None of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and

their relatives except Mr. Sasha Mirchandani (whose appointment is proposed in

this resolution) are, in any way, concerned or interested financially or otherwise,

in the resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the Notice.

Brief Profile and other details of Mr. Sasha Mirchandani form part of the Annexure

to the Notice.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the

Notice for approval of the Members.

Mr. Vivek Mehra (DIN 00101328)

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee of

the Board and after reviewing confirmation of independence received, the Board

of Directors of the Company had appointed Mr. Vivek Mehra (DIN 00101328) as

an Additional Director of the Company, in the category of Independent Director

with effect from December 24, 2020. Pursuant to Section 161(1) of the Companies

Act, 2013 (‘Act’), Mr. Vivek Mehra holds office till the date of this Annual General

Meeting. Appropriate notice has been received from a Member proposing

appointment of Mr. Vivek Mehra as a Director of the Company and requisite

consent has been received from Mr. Vivek Mehra pursuant to the provisions of

Section 152 of the Act, along with a confirmation that he is not disqualified from

being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 of the Act.

In accordance with the provisions of Section 149 read with Schedule IV to the

Act, appointment of Independent Directors requires approval of the Members.

The Company has also received a declaration from Mr. Vivek Mehra that

he meets the criteria of Independence as prescribed both under Section

149(6) of the Act and under the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing

Obligations

and

Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations,

2015

(‘Listing Regulations’).

In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Vivek Mehra who is proposed to be appointed as

an Independent Director of the Company for the period of 3 consecutive years

up to December 24, 2023, fulfils the conditions specified under Section 149(6)

and Schedule IV of the Act and is independent of the management.

Details of Mr. Vivek Mehra provided in the Annexure to the Notice pursuant

to the provisions of (i) Listing Regulations and (ii) Secretarial Standard on the

General Meeting issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

He shall be paid remuneration by way of sitting fees for attending meetings of

the Board or Committees thereof or for any other purpose as may be decided

by the Board, reimbursement of expenses for participating in the Board and

other meetings and profit related commission within the limits stipulated under

Section 197 of the Act.

Copy of the: letter of appointment of Mr. Vivek Mehra setting out the terms and

conditions of appointment is available for inspection by the Members on the

website of the Company.

None of the other

Managing Director & CEO of

the Company at last AGM for a period of 5 (five) years with effect from

January 01, 2020.

b. Ms. Alicia Yi was appointed as an Additional Director in the category of

Independent Director of the Company with effect from April 24, 2020.

c. Mr. Subhash Chandra resigned as a Non-Executive Director of the Company

with effect from August 18, 2020 and was appointed as Chairman Emeritus

with effect from August 19, 2020.

d. Mr. R Gopalan was appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the

Company with effect from August 18, 2020.

e. Mr. Sasha Mirchandani and Mr. Vivek Mehra were appointed as Additional

Directors in the category of Independent Directors of the Company with

effect from December 24, 2020.

f. Mr. Manish Chokhani, upon completion of his second term as an

Independent Director, ceased to be a Director of the Company on close of

business hours on March 31, 2021. However, considering his contribution

as an Independent Director, he was appointed as an Additional Director in

the category of Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company

with effect from April 1, 2021.

Requisite intimations with respect to the changes in Directors during the year had

been made to and approved by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting.

In terms of Section 161 of the Act, Mr. Sasha Mirchandani, Mr. Vivek Mehra

and Mr. Manish Chokhani shall hold office as Directors of the Company till the

ensuing AGM. Your Company has received notices from Member(s) proposing

their appointment and requisite proposals seeking your approval for the

appointment of these Directors form part of the Notice of the ensuing AGM. Your

Board recommends these proposals for approval of the Shareholders.

Declaration of independence from Independent Directors

In terms of Section 149 of the Act and Regulation 16 (1) (b) of the Listing

Regulations, Mr. R Gopalan, Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta, Mr. Piyush Pandey, Mrs.

Alicia Yi, Mr. Sasha Mirchandani and Mr. Vivek Mehra are Independent Directors

of the Company.

The Company has received the following declarations from all the Independent

Directors confirming that:

•

they meet the criteria of independence as prescribed under the provisions

of the Act, read with the Schedules and Rules issued thereunder, as well

as of Regulation 16 (1) (b) of the Listing Regulations.

•

in terms of Rule 6(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification

of Directors) Rules, 2014, they have registered themselves with the

Independent Director’s database maintained by the Indian Institute of

Corporate Affairs.

•

in terms of Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations, they are not

aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist or may be reasonably

anticipated, that could impair or impact their ability to discharge

their duties.

In terms of Regulation 25(9) of the Listing Regulations, based on the declarations

from Independent Directors, the Board of Directors has ensured the veracity of

the disclosures made under Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations by the

Independent Directors of the Company.

Number of meetings of the Board

During the financial year 2020-21, the Board of Directors met 9 (Nine)

times. The details of the meetings of the Board of Directors of the Company

convened and attended by the Directors during the financial year 2020-

21 are given in the Corporate Governance Report which forms part of this

Annual Report.

Retirement by rotation

In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Act (including any statutory modification(s) or re-

enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) and the Articles of Association

of the Company, Mr. Ashok Kurien, Non-Executive Director of the Company is

liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing AGM and being eligible has offered

himself for re-appointment. Your Board recommends his re-appointment. A

resolution seeking shareholders’ approval for his re-appointment along with

other required details form part of the AGM Notice.

The: Managing

Managing Director of the Company doesn’t receive any remuneration or

commission from any of its subsidiaries.

18. RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

Pursuant to Section 134 of the Act, in relation to the Annual Accounts for the

financial year 2020-21, your Directors confirm that:

(a) The Annual Accounts of the Company have been prepared on a going

concern basis;

(b) In the preparation of the Annual Accounts, the applicable accounting

standards had been followed and there is no material departures;

(c) The accounting policies selected were applied consistently and the

judgments and estimates related to these annual accounts have been

made on a prudent and reasonable basis, so as to give a true and fair view

of the state of affairs of the Company as on March 31, 2021, and, of the

profits of the Company for the financial year ended on that date;

(d) Proper and sufficient care has been taken for maintenance of adequate

accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013, to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and

detect any fraud and other irregularities;

(e) Requisite internal financial controls to be followed by the Company were

laid down and that such internal financial controls are adequate and

operating effectively; and

(f)

Proper systems have been devised to ensure compliance with the

provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems are adequate and

are operating effectively.

19. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Employees are vital and most valuable assets of your Company. Your Directors

value the professionalism and commitment of all employees of the Company

and place on record their appreciation of the contribution and efforts made by

all the employees in ensuring excellent all-round performance. Your Board also

thank and express their gratitude for the support and co-operation received from

all stakeholders including viewers, producers, customers, vendors, advertising

agencies, investors, bankers and regulatory authorities.

For and on behalf of the Board

Punit Goenka: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Vivek Mehra

Director

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 20, 2021

Sr No

Particulars

Details

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

3

3

3

Mr. Piyush

Pandey

Independent Director

3

3

Total Amount

Spent for the

financial year.

(in ₹ million)

Amount Unspent (in ₹)

Total Amount transferred to Unspent CSR Account as per

Section 135(6).

Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule VII as

per second proviso to Section 135(5).

Amount

(in ₹ million)

Date of transfer

Name of the Fund

Amount

Date of transfer

403.14

96.90

April 29, 2021

Not Applicable

Sl. No.

Financial Year

Amount available for

set-off from preceding

financial years (in ₹)

Amount required

to be set-off for

the financial year,

if any (in ₹)

Not Applicable

( ` million)

2.

Composition of CSR Committee

8. (a) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:

(b) Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

(10)

(11)

Sl. No.

Name

of the

Project.

Item from

the list of

activities in

Schedule VII

to the Act.

Local area

(Yes/No).

Location of the project.

Project

duration.

Amount

allocated for

the project

(in ₹).

Amount

spent in the

current finan-

cial Year

(in ₹ million).

Amount

transferred to

Unspent CSR

Account for

the project as

per Section

135(6)

(in ₹ million).

Mode

of

Imple-

men-

tation

- Direct

(Yes/

No).

Mode of Implemen-

tation - Through

Implementing

Agency

State.

District.

Name

CSR

Regis-

tration

num-

ber.

1.

Indian

Admin-

istrative

Fellow-

ship

Rural De-

velopment

Project

Yes

Various Districts of

Karnataka

3 years

132.10

35.20

96.90

No

Nudge

Life

Skills

Founda-

tion

CSR

000

00180

TOTAL

132.10

35.20

96.90

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Place : Mumbai

Date : May 20, 2021

*Includes an amount of ₹ 96.90 million earmarked for ongoing projects transferred to Unspent CSR Account in terms of Section 135(6) of the Companies Act, 2013, for the financial year 2020-21.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

13,16,77,750

B.Com.

23

01-Apr-98

ASC Enterprise Limited

4

Anurag Bedi

43

Chief Business Officer -

Zee Music

2,12,46,514

2nd Mates License in

Nautical Sciences

20

05-Feb-07

Star India Private

Limited

5

Anuradha Gudur

52

Business Head - Zee

Telugu

1,08,36,016

BA, MA-Mass

Communication

14

01-Apr-07

Gemini Television

Limited

6

Sayed Ali Zainul

Abedeen Zaidi

48

Principal Cluster Head

- Sales

1,21,48,199

B.Com.

25

17-Aug-07

Star India Private

Limited

7

Vishnu Shankar

42

Cluster Head - & TV &

Music Channels

1,06,82,820

B.Com.

20

18-Feb-10

Zoom Television

8

Bavesh Ramdas

Janavlekar

45

Business Head - Zee

Talkies

1,10,56,986

B.Com., MMS

23

21-Sep-10

Next Radio Limited

9

Samrat Ghosh

43

Cluster Head - East

1,60,11,458

B.Sc., PGDBA

21

01-Oct-10

Tata Infomedia

Limited

10

Aparna Bhosle

48

Business Head, ZEE TV &

FTA GEC

1,11,66,988

BA, MBA

25

01-Apr-14

Zee Learn Limited

11

Raghavendra

Hunsur

35

Business Head, Zee

Kannada

1,32,25,539

B.A.

17

05-May-14

ETV KANNADA

12

Sujoy Sen

57

Head - DTH Revenue,

Affiliate Sales

1,50,54,715

B.Sc., PGDBM

34

01-May-16

Mediapro Enterprise

India Private Limited

13

Atul Das

53

Chief Revenue Officer -

Affiliates Sales

2,63,93,957

B.Com., MMS

28

01-May-16

Taj Television India

Private Limited

14

Punit Misra

50

President - Content and

International Markets

10,57,23,584

BE, PGDBM

25

01-Oct-16

Hindustan Unilever

Limited

15

Prathyusha

Agarwal

43

Chief Consumer Officer

1,62,43,958

B.Tech., PGDM

20

25-Jan-17

Tata Unistore

Limited

16

Umesh Kumar

39

Head - Special Projects

1,11,84,471

B.Tech., MBA

15

01-Apr-17

Essel Corporate

Resources Private

Limited

17

Yubaraj

Bhattacharya

53

Head - Programming

(Fiction), Zee TV

1,08,36,634

B.Sc., ICWA

26

02-May-17

ALT Digital Media

Entertainment

Limited

18

Amit Shah

44

Cluster Head - West,

North & Premium

Channels

1,26,83,430

BE, MMS

20

02-Apr-18

Mondelez

International, Inc.

19

Archana Anand

48

Chief Business Officer -

Zee5 Global

1,35,51,831

B.Sc., MBA

24

01-Apr-18

OnMobile Global

Limited

20

Rohit Chadda

38

CEO - Digital Publishing

1,63,91,254

PGDM

14

01-Apr-18

Zee Digital

Convergence

Limited

Sr.

No.

Name

Age

Designation

Remuneration

Total (₹)

Qualification

Exp

in Yrs

Date of

Joining

Last

Employment

B. Disclosures relating to remuneration drawn by employees in terms of Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment

and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.

1. Employed throughout the year and in receipt of remuneration aggregating ₹ 1.02 crore or more per annum.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Vivek Mehra

Director

Place: Mumbai

Date : May 20, 2021

To,

The Members,

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited,

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable

statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices by Zee

Entertainment Enterprises Limited (hereinafter called “the Company”) for the

financial year ended March 31, 2021 [“period under review”]. The secretarial

audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for

evaluating the corporate conduct/statutory compliances and expressing our

opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books,

forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company and also

the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized

representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that

in our opinion, the Company has, during the period under review, has complied

with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has

proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place except to the

extent stated hereunder.

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed

and other records maintained by the Company for the period under review,

according to the provisions of applicable law provided hereunder:

1. The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the rules made thereunder

including any reenactment thereof;

2. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made

thereunder;

3. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed

thereunder;

4. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations

made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct Investment and Overseas

Direct Investment;

5. The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities

and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’), to the extent applicable:

a. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’);

b. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-

Convertible Redeemable Preference Shares), 2013;

c. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of

Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

d. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015;

e. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee

Benefits) Regulations, 2014;

f. Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories & Participants)

Regulations, 2018.

g. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and

Share Transfer Agents) Regulations,1993 regarding the Act and dealing

with client;

6. Specific laws applicable to the industry to which the Company belongs, as

identified and compliance whereof as confirmed by the management, that

is to say:

a. Policy Guidelines for Uplinking of Television Channels issued by the

Ministry of Information & Broadcasting;

b. Policy Guidelines for Downlinking of Television Channels issued by the

Ministry of Information & Broadcasting;

c. The

Telecommunication

(Broadcasting

and

Cable)

Services

Register of Interconnection Agreements and All Such Other Matters

Regulations, 2019;

d. The Telecommunication (Broadcasting and Cable) Services Interconnection

(Addressable Systems) Regulations, 2017read with amendments;

e. The Telecommunication (Broadcasting and Cable) Services Standards

of Quality of Service and Consumer Protection (Addressable Systems)

Regulations, 2017 read with amendments;

f. The Telecommunication (Broadcasting and Cable) Services (Eighth)

(Addressable Systems) Tariff Order, 2017 read with amendments;

g. The Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Act, 1995 read with

Amendments and the Cable Television Network Rules, 1994 read

with amendments;

We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the

Secretarial Standard 1 and 2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries

of India.

We report that during the period under review, the Company has complied

with the provisions of the Act, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards etc.

mentioned above*:

*Note: In the Board meeting held on July 24, 2020, due to uncertainty of impact

of COVID 19, the management had decided not to recommend any dividend

on the equity shares of the Company, for the financial year ended March 31,

2020. Consequently, the prior intimation filed by the Company with the Stock

Exchanges provided only for consideration of financial results. However, with a

view to maintain the track of dividend paying company, the Board of Directors

approved and recommended a token dividend of Rs. 0.30 per equity share.

The Company had complied with the monetary stipulation as requested by

National Stock Exchange of India Limited, in accordance with SEBI Circular No.

SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/12 dated January 22, 2020. The Company is

awaiting confirmation on waiver from BSE Limited.

Recommendations as a matter of best practice:

In the course of our audit, we have made certain recommendations for good

corporate practices to the compliance team, for its necessary consideration

and implementation by the Company.

We further report that:

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance

of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors#.

The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during

the period under review, were carried out in compliance with the provisions of

the Act and other applicable laws.

Form No. MR-3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

For the financial year ended March 31, 2021

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

ANNEXURE ‘E’ TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management

of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on our audit. The list of documents for the

purpose, as seen by us, is listed in Annexure II;

2. We have followed the audit practices and the processes as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis

to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe

that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis

for our opinion;

3. Our Audit examination is restricted only upto legal compliances of the

applicable laws to be done by the Company, we have not checked the

practical aspects relating to the same.

4. Wherever our Audit has required our examination of books and records

maintained by the Company, we have also relied upon electronic versions of

such books and records, as provided to us through online communication.

Wherever for the purposes of our Audit, there was a need for physical

access to any of the places of business of the Company, the same was

not possible due to the lockdowns and travel restrictions imposed by

Central and State Governments respectively. We have conducted online

verification & examination of records, as facilitated by the Company, due

to Covid 19 and subsequent lockdown situation for the purpose of issuing

this Report.

5. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial

records and books of accounts of the Company as well as correctness

of the values and figures reported in various disclosures and returns

as required to be submitted by the Company under the specified laws,

though we have relied to a certain extent on the information furnished in

such returns.

6. Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation

about the compliance of laws, rules and regulation and happening of

events etc.

7. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws,

rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of the management. Our

examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

8. Due to the inherent limitations of an audit including internal, financial, and

operating controls, there is an unavoidable risk that some misstatements

or material non-compliances may not be detected, even though the audit is

properly planned and performed in accordance with audit practices.

9. The contents of this Report has to be read in conjunction with and not

in isolation of the observations, if any, in the report(s) furnished/to be

furnished by any other auditor(s)/agencies/authorities with respect to the

Company.

10. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future

viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

3. Reclassification of Company’s stake held in Aplab Limited:

During the period under review, the stake held by the Company in Aplab

Limited was reclassified from promoter to public in terms of Regulation 31A

of the Listing Regulations with effect from November 18, 2020.

4. Restructuring relating to certain Indian subsidiaries:

During the period under review, 100% Equity Shares held in four wholly-

owned subsidiaries of the Company i.e. Zee Unimedia Limited (ZUL), Zee

Digital Convergence Limited (ZDCL), Zee Network Distribution Limited

(ZNDL) and India Webportal Private limited (IWPL) were sold to another

wholly-owned subsidiary company i.e. Zee Studios Limited (formerly known

as Essel Vision Productions Limited).

Further, during the period under review, the Company entered into Share

Purchase Agreement (‘SPA’) with Mantena Aviation LLP for transfer of Equity

Shares of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Fly-By-Wire International Private

Limited in two tranches and transferred 49% of its stake in first tranche.

5. Transactions pursuant to Business Transfer Agreements (BTAs)

During the period under review, the Board of Directors approved

acquisition of film production and distribution business from its wholly-

owned subsidiary, Zee Studios Limited (formerly known as Essel Vision

Productions Limited) and have executed the BTA on February 25, 2021.

Further, during the period under review, the Board of Directors approved

sale of digital publishing business to Rapidcube Technologies Private

Limited and awaiting requisite Regulatory approvals for execution of

the BTA.

For M/s Vinod Kothari & Company

Practicing Company Secretaries

Unique Code: P1996WB042300

Vinita Nair

Senior Partner

Membership No.: F10559

CP No.: 11902

UDIN: F010559C000341758

Peer Review Certificate No.:781/2020

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 19, 2021

This report is to be read with our: letter of even date which is annexed as

Annexure ‘I’ and forms an integral part of this report.

LIST OF DOCUMENTS

1.

Minutes (Signed) for the meetings of the following held during the period

under review:

a.

Board of

letter,

debarment, etc.

Observations/

remarks of the

Practicing

Company Secretary,

if any.

1.

NSE

Non-submission of prior

intimation under Reg. 29

of the Listing Regulations

regarding board meeting

where proposal for rec-

ommendation of divided

was considered.

A fine of Rs.

10,000/- was

levied by NSE.

Refer Note above.

(d) The listed entity has taken the following actions to comply with the observations

made in previous reports:

Sr.

No

Observations

of the

Practicing

Company

Secretary in

the previous

reports

Observations

made in the

secretarial com-

pliance report for

the year ended…

(The years are to

be mentioned)

Actions taken

by the listed

entity, if any

Comments of the

Practicing Company

Secretary on the

actions taken by the

listed entity

None

(e) The listed entity has complied with the provisions of SEBI Circular

CIR/CFD/CMD1/114/2019 dated October 18, 2019, in terms of Para 6(A) and 6(B) of

the said circular and has suitably modified the terms of appointment of its statutory

auditors vide addendum: letter dated February 25, 2020.

For M/s Vinod Kothari and Company

Practicing Company Secretaries

Unique Code: P1996WB042300

Vinita Nair

Senior Partner

Membership No.: F10559

C P No.: 11902

UDIN: F010559C000341769

Peer Review CertificateNo.:781/2020

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 19, 2021

1. COMPANY’S GOVERNANCE PHILOSOPHY

Effective corporate governance practices provide the strong foundation on which successful commercial enterprises are built for sustainability. The Company’s

philosophy on corporate governance is built on overseeing business strategies, ensures fiscal accountability, ethical corporate behavior and fairness to all

stakeholders comprising regulators, employees, customers, vendors, investors, and the society at large.

The convergence of governance practices brings to the fore the critical role played by the Board to ensure that the governance framework enjoins higher level of

transparency and effective governance standards to enhance the competitiveness and to protect long term interests of all stakeholders. Corporate Governance,

which assumes great deal of importance at Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited ('ZEE'), is intended to ensure consistent value creation for all its stakeholders.

ZEE believes that the governance practices must ensure adherence and enforcement of the sound principles of Corporate Governance with the objectives of

fairness, transparency, professionalism, trusteeship and accountability, while facilitating effective management of the businesses and efficiency in operations. The

Board of Directors (‘Board’) is committed to achieve and maintain highest standards of Corporate Governance on an ongoing basis.

A report in compliance with the provisions of Corporate Governance as prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time (‘Listing Regulations’) is given below:

2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

a. Composition & Category of Directors

The Company has a balanced Board with an optimum combination of Executive and Non-Executive Directors. As on the date of this report, the Board comprised of

9 (nine) Directors including 1 (one) Executive Director, 2 (two) Non-Executive Directors and 6 (six) Independent Directors which includes 1 (one) Independent Woman

Director. The composition of the Board is in conformity with Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations as well as the applicable provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 (‘Act’).

The Company requires skill/expertise/competencies in the areas of Finance, Legal, Media Marketing/Sales, Social activities, Technology, International Business

specialization and Capital Market. Currently, the Board of the Company comprises of Directors with the requisite qualification/experience in the above areas.

In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations, Independent Directors of the Company have confirmed that:(i) they meet the criteria of independence as

defined in Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, Section 149(6) of the Act and applicable companies rules made thereunder and;(ii) they are not aware of any

circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties. The declarations received

from the Independent Directors on the above lines have been taken on record.

During the financial year under review, 9 (nine) Meetings of the Board were held and the gap between two meetings did not exceed one hundred and twenty days.

The said meetings were held on April 08, 2020, July 14, 2020, July 24, 2020, August 14, 2020, August 18, 2020, November 02, 2020, December 17, 2020, February

04, 2021 and March 17, 2021. Necessary quorum was present for all these meetings.

The names and categories of the Directors on the Board, their attendance at Board Meetings held during the year and at the last Annual General Meeting (’AGM’),

name of other listed entities in which the Director is a director and the number of Directorships and Committee Chairpersonships / Memberships held by them in

other public limited companies as on March 31, 2021 are given below:

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Name of Director

Attendance at

No of Directorship

in other Public

Companies

No of Committee positions

held in other Public

Companies

Directorship in other

listed entity (Category of

Directorship)

Board

Meeting

38th AGM

held on

September

18, 2020

Member

Managing Director & CEO of the

Company at last AGM for a period of 5 (five) years with effect from January

01, 2020.

2. Ms. Alicia Yi was appointed as an Additional Director in the category of

Independent Director of the Company with effect from April 24, 2020.

3. Mr. Subhash Chandra resigned as a Non-Executive Director of the Company

with effect from August 18, 2020 and was appointed as Chairman Emeritus

with effect from August 19, 2020.

4. Mr. R Gopalan was appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the

Company with effect from August 18, 2020.

5. Mr. Sasha Mirchandani and Mr. Vivek Mehra were appointed as Additional

Directors in the category of Independent Directors of the Company with

effect from December 24, 2020.

Sr. No.

Skills

Names of Directors of the Company

Mr.

Punit

Goenka

Mr.

Adesh

Kumar

Gupta

Mr.

Ashok

Kurien

Mr.

Manish

Chokhani

Mr. R

Gopalan

Mr.

Piyush

Pandey

Ms. Alicia

Yi

Mr.

Vivek

Meh-

ra

Mr. Sasha

Mirchan-

dani

1

Understanding the business

of Media, Entertainment,

content and broadcasting

Understanding the techniques

for Broadcasting, Television,

Content Creating, Film,

Advertising and Digital Media

Program.

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

-

✓

✓

2

Strategy and Planning

Apt in strategic choices and

experience in guiding and

leading management teams

to make decisions in uncertain

environments.

A history of leading growth

through acquisitions and

other business combinations,

accurately value transactions

and evaluate operational

integration plans.

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

3

Financial and Governance

Experience in financial

management of the

Company, resulting in

proficiency in complex

financial management, capital

allocation and financial

reporting processes.

Experience in developing

governance practices,

serving the best interests of

all stakeholders, maintaining

board and management

accountability, building long-

term effective stakeholder

engagements and driving

corporate ethics and values.

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

6. Mr. Manish Chokhani, upon completion of his second term as an Independent

Director, ceased to be a Director of the Company on close of business hours

on March 31, 2021. However, considering the contribution made by him as

an Independent Director, he was appointed as an Additional Director in the

category of Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company with

effect from April 1, 2021.

Based on intimations/disclosures received from the Directors periodically, none

of the Directors of the Company hold Memberships/Chairmanships more than

the prescribed limits.

In terms of the Listing Regulations, the Board has identified the following skills/

expertise/competencies fundamental for the effective functioning of the Company

which are currently available with the Board and highlighted the specific areas of

focus or expertise of individual Board members. However, the absence of a tick

mark against member’s name does not necessarily mean that the member does

not possess the corresponding skills/expertise/competencies:

Mr. Manish Chokhani

8

Yes

4

-

3

2

1. Westlife Development Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

2. Shoppers Stop Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

Mr. Piyush Pandey

9

Yes

1

-

-

-

Pidilite Industries Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

Ms. Alicia Yi

8

Yes

-

-

-

-

-

Mr. Vivek Mehra

(appointed w.e.f.

December 24, 2020)

2

NA

8

-

6

2

1. HT Media Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

2. Jubilant Pharmova Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

3. Chambal Fertilisers and

Chemicals Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

4. Havells India Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

5. DLF Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

6. Digicontent Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

Mr. Sasha Mirchandani

(appointed w.e.f.

December 24, 2020)

2

NA

2

-

2

1

1. Hathway Cable and

Datacom Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

2. Nazara Technologies Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Subhash Chandra

(resigned w.e.f. August

18, 2020)

5

Yes

-

-

-

-

-

Mr. Ashok Kurien

8

Yes

1

-

2

1

Dish TV India Limited

(Non-Executive, Non-Independent)

Executive Director

Mr. Punit Goenka

9

Yes

3

1

2

-

Prozone Intu Properties Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent)

Name of Director

Attendance at

No of Directorship

in other Public

Companies

No of Committee positions

held in other Public

Companies

Directorship in other

listed entity (Category of

Directorship)

Board

Meeting

38th AGM

held on

September

18, 2020

Member

Chairman

Member

Chairman

Notes:

1.

No. of Directorships in other public companies exclude directorship in the Company and directorships in private companies, foreign companies, companies

incorporated under Section 8 of the Act and alternate directorships.

2.

No. of Committee positions held in other public companies include membership and chairmanship of Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee of

public companies and exclude the membership & chairmanship in the Company.

3.

None of the Directors of the Company are related inter-se.

4.

None of the Non-Executive Directors of the Company, except Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta, Mr. Manish Chokhani (through Partnership firm Quadrillion Advisors) and Mr.

Piyush Pandey hold shares of the Company.

5.

Details of shares of the Company held by the Directors as on March 31, 2021 are given below:

Name

Category

No. of Shares held

Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta

Non-Executive, Independent

Equity 300

Preference 457

Mr. Manish Chokhani

Non-Executive, Independent

Equity 200,000

Mr. Piyush Pandey

Non-Executive, Independent

Equity 2,190

Preference 4,599

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Mumbai, May 20, 2021

Dividend Distribution Policy: In line with the requirements of the Listing

Regulations, the Board has approved and adopted the Dividend Distribution

Policy. The Dividend Distribution Policy is available on the website of the

Company at www.zee.com.

3. BOARD COMMITTEES

The details of meetings of the Committees constituted by the Board held during the financial year under review along with attendance of the Members at such

Committee Meeting(s) are as mentioned herein:

Name of the Directors

Audit Committee

Nomination &

Remuneration

Committee

Stakeholders

Relationship

Committee

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Committee

Risk Management

Committee

No. of Meeting's held

11

5

3

3

2

Directors' Attendance

Mr. Subhash Chandra

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

Mr. Punit Goenka

NA

NA

3/3

3/3

2/2

Mr. Ashok Kurien

11/11

5/5

3/3

3/3

NA

Mr. Manish Chokhani

9/11

4/5

NA

NA

2/2

Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta

11/11

NA

NA

NA

2/2

Mr. R Gopalan

11/11

NA

NA

NA

NA

Mr. Piyush Pandey

NA

5/5

0/3

3/3

NA

Ms. Alicia Yi

NA

4/4

NA

NA

NA

Mr. Vivek Mehra

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

Mr. Sasha Mirchandani

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

Notes:

1.

NA denotes that the Director is not a Member of such Committee.

2.

Mr. Vivek Mehra was appointed as a Chairman of the Audit Committee in place of Mr. R Gopalan w.e.f. March 17, 2021. Mr. R Gopalan continues as a member of Audit Committee.

3.

Mr. Manish Chokhani and Mr. Ashok Kurien ceased to be members of Audit Committee w.e.f. March 17, 2021.

4.

Mr. Punit Goenka was appointed as a member of Audit Committee w.e.f. March 17, 2021.

5.

Mr. Punit Goenka and Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta ceased to be members of Risk Management Committee w.e.f. March 17, 2021.

6.

Mr. R Gopalan and Mr. Sasha Mirchandani were appointed as members of Risk Management Committee w.e.f. March 17, 2021.

7.

Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta was appointed as a Member of Risk Management Committee w.e.f. April 01, 2021.

The Committees constituted by the Board focus on specific areas and take informed decisions within the framework designed by the Board and make specific

recommendations to the Board on matters in their areas or purview. All decisions and recommendations of the Committees are placed before the Board for

information or for approval, if required. To enable better and more focused attention on the affairs of the Company, the Board has delegated relevant matters to the

Committees of the Board set up for the purpose. The terms of reference of the Committees are in line with the provisions of the Listing Regulations, the Act and the

Rules issued thereunder. The Board has seven committees as on March 31, 2021, comprising five statutory committees and two non-statutory committees that have

been formed considering the need of the Company.

e. Familiarization Programme for Independent Directors

Independent Directors are familiarized with their roles, rights and

responsibilities in the Company as well as with the nature of industry and

business of the Company through induction programs at the time of their

appointment as Directors and at regular intervals through updates on various

business segments of the Company. While review and approval of quarterly

and annual financial statements of the Company are taken up, detailed

presentation covering inter alia economy and industry overview, key regulatory

developments, strategy and performance of individual channels / profit centers

is made to the Board. Details of Directors’ familiarization program is available

on Company’s website at www.zee.com.

f. Code of Conduct

The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for the Members of the Board

and Senior Management, all the Directors and senior management personnel

as defined in the said Code provide their annual confirmation of compliance

with the Code. A copy of the Code is available on the website of the Company

at www.zee.com.

Besides the Code, the Company has also put in place a Policy on Ethics at

Workplace which is applicable to all employees.

4

International Business

Experience in driving business

success in markets around

the world and a broad

perspective on global market

opportunities.

Understanding of global

business dynamics, across

various geographical markets,

environments, economic

conditions, cultures, industry

verticals and regulatory

frameworks.

✓

-

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

5

Other Management Skills

Innovation Management,

Human Resource & Talent,

Communications and General

Management.

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

The eligibility of a person to be appointed as a Director of the Company

is dependent on whether the person possesses the requisite skill sets

identified by the Board as mentioned above and whether the person has an

experience/understanding which is relevant to the Company’s business or

has an academician in the field relevant to the Company’s business. Being

in the business of Content and Broadcasting, the Company’s business runs

across different geographical markets and is global in nature. The Directors

so appointed are drawn from diverse backgrounds and possess special skills

related to the industries / fields from where they come.

b. Board Procedure

The Meetings of the Board are governed by a structured agenda. The Board

meetings are generally held at the Registered and Corporate office of the

Company at Mumbai. The Company Secretary, in consultation with the

Chairman and the: Managing Director & CEO, prepares the agenda of the Board

meetings. For all major agenda items, relevant and comprehensive background

information along with the agenda are provided well in advance of the date of

the Board Meeting(s) to enable the Board members to take informed decisions.

Any Board Member may, in consultation with the

Managing Director & CEO which inter

alia includes fixed pay (Salary, Allowances & Perquisites) and variable pay in the

ratio of 75:25. The compensation packages are in accordance with applicable

laws, in line with the Company’s objectives, shareholders' interest and as per the

Industry Standards.

The Commission paid/payable to the Non-Executive Directors of the Company is

in accordance with Shareholders’ approval and the Act.

Remuneration to: Managing Director & CEO

The details of the remuneration paid to Mr. Punit Goenka, Managing Director and

CEO of the Company during the financial year ended March 31, 2021 is as under:

Particulars

Amount

(` million)

Salary & Allowances

122.51

Perquisites

0.04

Variable Pay

-

Provident Fund Contribution

9.13

Total

131.68

Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors

During financial year 2020-21, Non-Executive Directors were paid sitting fees of

` 30,000 for attending each meeting(s) of the Board and Committees thereof,

other than Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Finance Sub-Committee and

ESOP Allotment Sub-Committee.

The Non-Executive Directors are additionally entitled to remuneration by way

of Commission of up to 1% of net profits of the Company, as approved by the

Members at the AGM held on September 18, 2020. Within the aforesaid limit, the

commission payable each year is determined by the Board based inter alia on

the performance of, and regulatory provisions applicable to the Company. As per

the current policy, the Company pays commission to Non-Executive Directors on

a pro-rata basis.

Details of the sitting fees paid and commission payable to the Non-Executive

Directors of the Company for financial year 2020-21 as approved by the Board

are as under:

Name of Director

Sitting Fees

Paid

Commission

Payable

Total

Mr. R Gopalan

0.60

5.37

5.97

Mr. Subhash Chandra

0.15

2.06

2.21

Mr. Ashok Kurien

0.81

5.37

6.18

Mr. Manish Chokhani

0.69

5.37

6.06

Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta

0.66

5.37

6.03

Mr. Piyush Pandey

0.51

5.37

5.88

Ms. Alicia Yi

0.36

5.03

5.39

Mr. Vivek Mehra

0.06

1.44

1.5

Mr. Sasha

Mirchandani

0.06

1.44

1.5

Total

3.90

36.82

40.72

The Non-Executive Independent Directors of the Company do not have any other

material pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company or its directors,

senior management, subsidiary or associate, other than in the normal course

of business.

III. STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

Constitution

As at March 31, 2021, the Stakeholders Relationship Committee of the Board

comprised of Mr. Ashok Kurien, Non-Executive Director as

Managing Director & CEO as its

Members. During the year under review, the CSR Committee met 3 (three) times

on June 02, 2020, July 18, 2020 and March 16, 2021.

Terms of reference

Terms of reference and the scope of the CSR Committee inter alia include (a) to

consider and approve the proposals for CSR spends; and (b) to review monitoring

reports on the implementation of CSR projects funded by the Company.

» Non-Statutory Committees

In addition to the above-mentioned Statutory Committees, the Board has

voluntarily constituted following Non-Statutory Committees to exercise powers

delegated by the Board as per the scope mentioned herein:

i.

Finance Sub-Committee

With a view to facilitate monitoring and expediting any debt fund raising

process, approve financing facilities that may be sanctioned and/or renewed

to the Company by various Banks and/or Indian Financial Institutions from

time to time and exercising such other authorities as may be delegated by the

Board from time to time, the Board has constituted a Finance Sub-Committee

comprising of Mr. Punit Goenka,: Managing Director & CEO as

letter dated 21 September 2020.

2. We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants, the statutory auditors of ZEE ENTERTAINMENT ENTERPRISES LIMITED (the Company) have

examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by the Company, for the year ended on March 31, 2021, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27

and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the

Listing Regulations).

Managements’ Responsibility

3. The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility includes the design, implementation and

maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4. Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance with the conditions of

the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5. We have examined the books of account and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for the purposes of providing reasonable

assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by the Company.

6. We have carried out an examination of the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance

issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI), the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act 2013,

in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate and as per the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the ICAI which

requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and

Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8. Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations provided to us and the representations provided by the

Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i)

of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations during the year ended March 31, 2021.

9. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the Management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

A.B. Jani

Partner

(Membership No. 46488)

UDIN: 21046488AAAABO3919

Date: 20 May 2021

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

ANNEXURE-II TO THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

ANNEXURE-I TO THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

To,

The Members of

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited

18th Floor, 'A' wing,

Marathon Futurex,

NM Joshi Marg, Lower Parel,

Mumbai – 400 013 Maharashtra

We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures

received from the Directors of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited having

CIN L92132MH1982PLC028767 and having registered office at 18th Floor,

'A' wing, Marathon Futurex NM Joshi Marg, Lower Parel Mumbai-400013

(hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before us by the Company

for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3)

read with clause 10(i) of Para C of Schedule V to the Securities Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the

verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN) status at the portal

www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by

the Company & its officers, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the

Board of the Company as stated below for the financial year ended March 31,

2021 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing

as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India or

the Ministry of Corporate Affairs or Ministry of Information and Broadcasting.

[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Para C (10)(i) of Schedule V to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]

Sl. No.

Name of the Director as on March 31, 2021

DIN

Category of Directorship

Date of Appointment

1.

Mr. Rajarangamani Gopalan

01624555

Non-Executive - Independent Director, Chairperson

November 25, 2019

2.

Mr. Punit Goenka

00031263

Executive Director,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO is responsible for the

implementation of the BR Policy of the Company.

b) Details of the BR head:

Sr. No.

Particulars

Details

1

DIN Number

00031263

2

Name

Mr. Punit Goenka

3

Designation: Managing

Managing Director and Senior Management of the Company.

• Does the Company publish a BR or sustainability Report? What is

hyperlink for viewing this report? How frequently it is published?

The Company had started publishing BR report from financial year 2012-

13 on a yearly basis. The BR report is/shall be available as part of Annual

Report on www.zee.com.

SECTION E: PRINCIPLE-WISE PERFORMANCE

Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics,

Transparency and Accountability

The Company considers Corporate Governance as an integral part of

management. The Company has a Code of Conduct that is approved by the

Board of Directors and this code is applicable to all Board Members and Senior

Management. The code is available on the Company’s website: www.zee.com.

Transparency and accountability are the hallmark as Corporate Governance

in the Company. Additionally, as part of HR policy the Company has framed/

circulated policies which deal with Ethics at work place and restraining

giving and receiving of gifts and other benefits in the course of business

relationship etc.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO and Rohit Kumar Gupta, Chief Financial Officer of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited (‘the Company’), certify that:

a) We have reviewed the financial statements and cash flow statement for the year ended March 31, 2021 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

i) these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain any statement that might be misleading;

ii) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind-AS),

applicable laws and regulations.

b) To the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year ended March 31, 2021 are fraudulent, illegal or violative

of the Company’s code of conduct.

c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated the effectiveness of the internal

control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and have disclosed to the Auditors and Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or

operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or proposed to take to rectify these deficiencies.

d) During the year:

i) there has not been any significant change in internal control over financial reporting;

ii) there have not been any significant changes in accounting policies; and

iii) there have been no instances of significant fraud of which we are aware that involve management or other employees having significant role in the

Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Punit Goenka: Managing

Letter of Comfort (LOC) issued by

the Company to Yes Bank Limited:

Principal audit

procedures performed:

With

respect

to

the

matter

relating to the LOC issued by the

Company to Yes Bank referred

to in the Emphasis of Matter

section above and as explained

in note 35 of the standalone

financial statements.

On

account

of

the

amount

involved as well as the matter

being sub-judice, we considered

this to be a key audit matter.

• Perused

the

legal

opinions

obtained by the Management from

various lawyers based on which

the Management has concluded

that LOC is not in the nature

of guarantee;

• Perused the judgements of the

Hon’ble High Court of Bombay in

respect of the ad-interim application;

• Considered if the LOC met the

requirements

of

an

executory

contract and if so whether it could

be onerous in nature requiring

a provision under Ind AS 37 on

‘Provisions, Contingent Liabilities

and Contingent Assets’.

Key Audit Matter

Auditor’s response

Audit of transactions involving

payment of advance for movie

rights acquisitions:

Principal audit

procedures performed:

The Company pays advances

for

acquiring

movies

from

aggregators,

sub-agents

of

aggregators

and

production

houses. During earlier years/

the year, the Company paid

advances to such aggregators and

production houses for acquiring

rights of movies on the basis of

Memorandum of Understanding

(MOU)

and/or

agreements

entered into with the respective

aggregators or production houses.

We considered this as key audit

matter on account of the value of

such movie advances and the risks

associated with non-performance.

Refer note 51 of the standalone

financial statements.

• Evaluated the design and operating

effectiveness of internal controls

relating to authorization of movie

advances

and

adherence

to

the approval policy framed by

the Company;

• Obtained supporting documents

for the sample of movie advances

paid during the year which includes

the

MOU/agreement

executed

between the Company and content

aggregators

and

production

houses stating business rationale

for the advance payments;

• Checked

appropriate

approvals

for the advance payments and

adherence to the approval policy;

• For samples selected, obtained

direct

confirmation

from

the

content

aggregators

and

the

production houses confirming the

outstanding balances as at the

year-end including identification

of the films against which the

advances were given and the

manner

of

utilisation

of

the

advances by such aggregators,

where considered necessary in our

professional judgement.

Key Audit Matter

Auditor’s response

Goodwill impairment assessment

as at 31 March 2021:

Principal audit

procedures performed:

The

standalone

financial

statements

reflect

goodwill

aggregating Rs. 1,661 million

recognised mainly on acquisitions

and allocated to the following

cash generating units (CGUs):

1. Online Media Business (Rs

995 million (net of impairment

of Rs. 1,620 million)); and

2. Regional channel in India

(Rs. 621 million).

We considered this as key audit

matter due to the significance

of the balance of goodwill and

because

of

the

Company’s

assessment of the fair value less

cost of disposal (FVLCD) and

value-in-use (VIU) calculations

of the CGU, which involve

significant

judgements

about

the

valuation

methodology,

future performance of business

including

likely

impact

on

account of lockdowns due to

spread of COVID-19 pandemic

and discount rate applied to

future cash flow projections.

Refer note 7 of the standalone

financial statements.

Our

procedures

consisted

of

understanding

the

Management’s

methodology and key assumptions and

included performance of the following

audit procedures:

• Evaluated the design and operating

effectiveness

of

internal

controls

relating

to

review

of

goodwill

impairment testing performed by the

Management;

• Validating

impairment

models

through testing of the mathematical

accuracy

and

verifying

the

application

of

the

key

input

assumptions;

• Understanding

the

underlying

process used to determine the risk

adjusted discount rates;

• Assessing the appropriateness of

significant changes to assumptions

since the prior period;

• Validating the cash flow forecasts

with reference to historical forecasts

and actual performance to support

any significant expected future

changes to the business. Review

of the factors considered by the

Management

on

the

business

projections on account of lockdowns

due

to

spread

of

COVID-19

pandemic;

• Working with auditor’s valuation

experts to benchmark the discount

rates and perpetual growth rates

applied by the Company for the

purposes of computing VIU;

• We have also engaged auditor’s

valuation experts to assist us in

evaluating the FVLCD determined by

the Company. The valuation experts

independently evaluated revenue

multiple used in determination of

FVLCD.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai | Date: 20 May 2021

(viii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations

given to us, the Company has not defaulted in the repayment of loans

or borrowings to banks. The Company does not have any loans from

the financial institutions and Government and has not issued any

debentures.

(ix) The Company has not raised moneys by way of initial public offer or

further public offer (including debt instruments) or term loans and hence

reporting under clause 3 (ix) of the Order is not applicable.

(x) To the best of our knowledge and according to the information and

explanations given to us, no fraud by the Company and no material

fraud on the Company by its officers or employees has been noticed or

reported during the year.

(xi) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given

to us, the Company has paid/provided managerial remuneration in

accordance with the requisite approvals mandated by the provisions of

Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013.

(xii) The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting under

clause 3(xii) of the Order is not applicable.

(xiii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given

to us, the Company is in compliance with Section 177 and 188 of the

Act, where applicable, for all transactions with the related parties and

the details of related party transactions have been disclosed in the

standalone Ind AS financial statements as required by the applicable

accounting standards.

(xiv) During the year, the Company has not made any preferential allotment

or private placement of shares or fully or partly convertible debentures

and hence reporting under clause 3(xiv) of the Order is not applicable

to the Company.

(xv) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations

given to us, during the year the Company has not entered into any

non-cash transactions with its directors or directors of its holding,

subsidiary or associate company or persons connected with them and

hence provisions of section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not

applicable.

(xvi) The Company is not required to be registered under Section 45-IA of

the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.

Name of Statute

Nature of Dues

Forum where

Dispute is Pending

Period to which the

Amount Relates

Amount Unpaid

(` Millions)

The Central

Excise Act, 1944

Service Tax

Customs, Central Excise

and Service Tax Appellate

Tribunal

F.Y. 2006-07

312

F.Y. 2007-08

148

F.Y. 2011-12

F.Y. 2012-13

4

Additional Commissioner

of Service Tax, Mumbai

F.Y. 2012-13

F.Y. 2013-14

F.Y. 2014-15

39

F.Y. 2015-16

F.Y. 2016-17

51

The Income Tax Act, 1961

Income Tax

Income Tax Appellate

Tribunal

F.Y. 2008-09

3*

The Income Tax Act, 1961

The Income Tax Act, 1961

Commissioner of Income

Tax (Appeals)

F.Y. 2012-13

F.Y. 2013-14

F.Y. 2014-15

F.Y. 2015-16

F.Y. 2016-17

F.Y. 2017-18

F.Y. 2018-19

12

*pertains to erstwhile ETC Networks Limited, merged with the Company

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

A. B. Jani

Partner

Membership No. 46488

Mumbai, 20 May 2021 UDIN: 21046488AAAABL1782

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 20 May 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 20 May 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 20 May 2021

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of Comfort (LOC) to the said Bank confirming its intention, among other matters, to support ATL by infusing

equity / debt for meeting all its working capital requirements, debt requirements, business expansion plans, honouring the Put Option, take or pay agreements

and guarantees. The Company has received communication from the Bank mentioning defaults committed by LEL in repayment of their loans to the Bank

and calling upon the Company to support ATL in connection with honouring the Put Option. However, the Bank and LEL remained in discussion to settle the

borrowing.

The Company is of the view, based on legal advice, that the LOC neither provides any guarantee, commitment or assurance to pay the Bank. On 26 June 2020,

the Bank filed a plaint seeking ad-interim relief in the Hon’ble High Court of Bombay on the grounds that the aforesaid LOC provided to the Bank is a financial

guarantee. The Hon’ble High Court of Bombay, vide Orders dated 30 June 2020 and 19 August 2020 has refused / dismissed the ad-interim relief sought by

the Bank, including as part of the appeal proceedings filed by the Bank that were in favour of the Company. The primary suit filed by the Bank on 26 June 2020

is yet to be heard by the Hon’ble High Court of Bombay.

The Management has assessed the nature of the LOC and based on legal advice obtained, the LOC has not been considered as a financial guarantee by

the Management, which would require recognition of a liability in the books of account of the Company. Further, based on an independent valuation of ATL

obtained, the Management has determined that the LOC also does not result in any executory contract that is onerous on the Company which requires any

recognition of liability in the books of account of the Company.

36. MANAGERIAL REMUNERATION

Remuneration paid or provided in accordance with Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 to the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO); Mr. R Gopalan (Independent Director -

Chairman); Mr. Ashok Kurien (Non-Executive Director); Mr. Manish Chokhani (Independent Director); Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta (Independent Director); Mr. Piyush Pandey

(Independent Director); Ms. Alicia Yi (Independent Director) w.e.f. 24 April 2020; Mr. Sasha Mirchandani (Independent Director) w.e.f. 24 December 2020; Mr. Vivek

Mehra (Independent Director) w.e.f. 24 December 2020.

Relatives of Key Management Personnel

Amit Goenka

e Disclosure in respect of related party transactions and balances as at and during the year

(` Millions)

Sr. No.

Particulars

Mar-21

Mar-20

Transactions during the year

A)

Revenue from operations

I)

Advertisement income

Other related parties

128

22

II)

Subscription income

Other related parties

1,930

1,955

III)

Share of subscription income payable

Subsidiaries

979

1,677

Other related parties

399

611

NOTES

FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Short term employee benefits*

132

90

R)

Commission and sitting fees

Non-executive directors

42

37

S)

Dividend paid

Director (Rs. 2,524 (Rs. 11,099))

0

0

NOTES

FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Short term employee benefits*

132

90

R)

Commission and sitting fees

Non-executive directors

42

37

S)

Dividend paid

Director (Rs. 2,524 (Rs. 11,099))

0

0

Balance as at 31 March

A)

Investment

Equity Shares of Zee Multimedia Worldwide (Mauritius) Limited

2,584

2,584

Equity Shares of ATL Media Limited

2,515

2,515

Debentures - Zee Studios Limited

370

1,555

Equity Shares of Margo Networks Private Limited

750

750

Others

781

370

B)

Trade Receivables

Asia Today Limited

116

1,880

ATL Media Limited

6

358

Indian Cable Net Company Limited

227

328

Z5X Global FZ LLC

74

88

Zee Media Corporation Limited

78

61

Siti Networks Limited (net of provision)

-

812

Others (net of provision)

27

43

C)

Loans, advances and deposits given (Refer note 48 d ii)

Digital Subscriber Management and Consultancy Services Private Limited

340

340

Margo Networks Private Limited

770

-

Widescreen Holdings Private Limited (net of provision)

-

-

Konti Infrapower & Multiventures Private Limited (net of provision)

-

-

Edisons Infrapower & Multiventures Private Limited (net of provision)

-

-

Others (net of provision)

24

68

D)

Other receivables

ATL Media Limited

76

772

Siti Networks Limited (net of provision)

5

162

Zee Studios Limited

786

54

Others (net of provision)

246

412

f Disclosure in respect of material related party which account for 10% or more of the transactions and balances as at and during the year

(` Millions)

Sr. No.

Particulars

Mar-21

Mar-20

NOTES

FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

H)

Acquisition of business

Zee Studios Limited (Refer Note 50)

2,695

-

I)

Assets transfer

Zee Media Corporation Limited

1

-

Zee Akaash News Private Limited (CY Rs. 160,070)

0

-

J)

Transfer of retirement benefits

Zee Media Corporation Limited

82

-

Others

6

-

K)

Loans, advances and deposits given

Margo Networks Private Limited

770

-

Indian Cable Net Company Limited

-

12

L)

Loans, advances and deposits repayment received

Fly-by-Wire International Private Limited

-

175

Evenness Business Excellence Services Limited

-

40

Broadcast Audience Research Council

9

9

Others

-

5

M)

Loans, advances and deposits repayment given

Zee Media Corporation Limited

6

37

Diligent Media Corporation Limited

-

6

N)

Provision for loans, advance and deposit given, trade and other receivables

(Refer note 48 d ii)

Widescreen Holdings Private Limited

-

460

Konti Infrapower & Multiventures Private Limited

-

560

Edisons Infrapower & Multiventures Private Limited

-

570

Essel Infra Projects Limited

-

149

Living Entertainment Enterprises Private Limited

14

324

Evenness Business Excellence Services Limited

137

-

Siti Networks Limited

855

1,179

Others

(15)

328

O)

Provision for corporate guarantees given (Refer note 48 d ii)

Siti Networks Limited (DSRA Value) #

1,001

-

P)

Amount paid by other related parties

Pan India Infraprojects Private Limited

-

523

Elouise Green Mobility Limited

-

173

Essel Corporate Resources Private Limited

-

226

Essel Utilities Distribution Company Limited

-

194

Pan India Network Infravest Limited

-

499

Living Entertainment Enterprises Private Limited

-

176

Evenness Business Excellence Services Limited

-

233

f Disclosure in respect of material related party which account for 10% or more of the transactions and balances as at and during the year

(` Millions)

Sr. No.

Particulars

Mar-21

Mar-20

NOTES

FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 20 May 2021

NOTES

FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai | Date: 20 May 2021

(` Millions)

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

A. B. Jani

Partner

Membership No. 46488

UDIN: 21046488AAAABL1782

ANNEXURE ‘A’ TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of even date)

Report on the Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act)

In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated Ind AS financial statements of

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited (the Parent/Company) as of and for the year

ended 31 March 2021, we have audited the internal financial controls over financial

reporting of the Parent and its subsidiary companies and a joint venture, which are

companies incorporated in India, as of that date.

Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls

The respective Board of Directors of the Parent and its subsidiary companies

and a joint venture, which are companies incorporated in India, are responsible

for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal

control over financial reporting criteria established by the respective Companies

considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance

Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). These responsibilities include the

design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls

that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct

of its business, including adherence to the respective company’s policies, the

safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the

accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation

of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.

Auditor’s Responsibility

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls over

financial reporting of the Parent, its subsidiary companies and its joint venture,

which are companies incorporated in India, based on our audit. We conducted our

audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls

Over Financial Reporting (the ‘Guidance Note’) issued by the ICAI and the Standards

on Auditing, prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the

extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls. Those Standards and

the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan

and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate

internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained

and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.

Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the

adequacy of the internal financial controls system over financial reporting and

their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial

reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over

financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing

and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on

the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement,

including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial

statements, whether due to fraud or error.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence

obtained by the other auditor of the subsidiary companies and a joint venture,

which are companies incorporated in India, in terms of their reports referred to

in the Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide

a basis for our audit opinion on the internal financial controls system over

financial reporting of the Parent and its subsidiary company, which is a company

incorporated in India.

Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a process

designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial

reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in

accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal

financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures

that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately

and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to

permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted

accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are

being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors

of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or

timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s

assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting

Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial

reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override

of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be

detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over

financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial

control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes

in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures

may deteriorate.

Opinion

In our opinion to the best of our information and according to the explanations

given to us and based on the consideration of the reports of the other auditors

referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, the Parent and its subsidiary

companies and a joint venture, which are companies incorporated in India, have,

in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over

financial reporting and such internal financial controls over financial reporting

were operating effectively as at 31 March 2021, based on the criteria for internal

financial control over financial reporting established by the respective companies

considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance

Note issued by the ICAI.

Other Matters

Our aforesaid report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and

operating effectiveness of the internal financial controls over financial reporting

insofar as it relates to 7 subsidiary companies and a joint venture, which are

companies incorporated in India, is based solely on the corresponding reports of

the auditors of such companies incorporated in India.

Our opinion is not modified in respect of the above matters.

Mumbai, 20 May 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai | Date: 20 May 2021

‘0’ (zero) denotes amounts less than a million.

(` Millions)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai | Date: 20 May 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 20 May 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of Undertaking to secure 650 units of rated, unlisted, secured redeemable non-convertible debentures

(NCDs) (rated) issued by a related party to a Mutual Fund. The said related party had made partial redemption of the NCDs prior to the due date of redemption

i.e. 8 July, 2020. But, due to COVID pandemic, its business was severely impacted and therefore it was unable to redeem the balance portion of the NCDs

on the redemption date.

During the year, the Group has purchased these NCDs from the Mutual Fund for an amount aggregating Rs 445 million. These NCDs are secured by first

pari- passu charge over the current assets, movable fixed assets including all rights, title, interest, benefits and claims / demands of the related party i.e. the

Issuer Company. The tenure of NCDs have been extended by 1.5 years.

* Income-tax demands mainly include appeals filed by the Group before various appellate authorities (including Dispute Resolution panel) against disallowance

of expenses / claims, non-deduction / short deduction of tax at source, transfer pricing adjustments etc. The Management is of the opinion that its tax cases

are likely to be decided in its favour and hence no provision is considered necessary.

# Includes an income-tax demand received subsequent to year-end, issued by Indian Income Tax Authorities on a foreign subsidiary, Taj TV Limited

(Mauritius), amounting to Rs. 6,215 million mainly on account of sale of Global Sports Broadcasting Undertaking during the year ended 31 March 2017.

Gain arising on Sale of Sports Broadcasting Undertaking has been subjected to tax by the Indian Tax Authorities disregarding the provisions of the Double

Taxation Avoidance Agreement between India and Mauritius and the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961 . The Group is of the view, based on advise of tax

expert, considering the facts and position in law, that the gain arising on sale of Sports Broadcasting Undertaking is not taxable in India and is in process of

filing requisite appeal with the relevant authorities. Consequently, the Group has not recognised a provision in the books of account.

## The amount represents the best possible estimate arrived at on the basis of available information. The Group has engaged reputed advocates to protect its

interests and has been advised that it has strong legal positions against such disputes.

@ The Group has received legal notices of claims / lawsuits filed against it relating to infringement of copyrights, defamation suits etc. in relation to the programs

produced / other matters. In the opinion of the Management, no material liability is likely to arise on account of such claims / lawsuits.

(B) The Group has preferred a legal case against The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) for premature termination of Media Rights contract for telecast

of cricket matches between India and other countries in neutral territories outside India. The Hon’ble Arbitration Tribunal in November 2012 has passed

an Arbitral award of Rs 1,236 Millions (plus interest) in favour of the Group. BCCI has filed a petition before the Hon’ble High Court of Judicature at Madras

challenging the Tribunal Award. The Company has also filed an execution petition in April 2018. Accordingly, pending final outcome, effect has not been

given in these financial statements. During an earlier year, the Company has received Rs 300 million which is accounted as deposits received in Other

financial liabilities.

35. CAPITAL AND OTHER COMMITMENTS

(i) Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account not provided for (net of advances) Rs. 651 Millions (Rs. 608 Millions).

(ii) Other Commitments as regards media content and others (net off advances) Rs. 25,924 Millions (Rs. 16,719 Millions).

(iii) Uncalled Liability / contractual obligation on investments committed is Rs. 13 Millions (Rs. 40 Millions).

36. ATL Media Limited (ATL), an overseas wholly owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Mauritius, is engaged in broadcasting business. Living

Entertainment Limited, Mauritius (LEL), a related party of the Company, is a content provider. During the financial year ended 31 March 2016, ATL had entered

into a Put Option agreement with LEL to acquire the issued share capital to the extent of 64.38% held by LEL in Veria International Limited (VIL) (another

related party of the Group) at an exercise price of $ 105 million. The exercise period of the Put Option was from the agreement date till the expiry date, i.e.

30 July 2019. In order to secure a borrowing, from Axis Bank Limited and Yes Bank Limited (Bank), LEL had assigned all its right, title, benefit and interest

under the said Put Option agreement in favour of Axis Bank DIFC branch, the security trustee for the benefit of Axis Bank Limited and Yes Bank Limited.

The Put Option agreement was amended and renewed by the parties (ATL and LEL) on 29 July 2019 and extended till 30 December 2026 based on certain

representations made by LEL and the exercise price was set at $52.50 million (Rs. 3,848 million as at 31 March 2021; Rs. 3,927 million as at 31 March 2020)

for the same quantum of shares as per the earlier Put Option agreement and LEL extended the assignment of the Put Option to the security trustee.

During the previous year, the Bank invoked the Put Option pursuant to the assignment and demanded ATL to pay the exercise price. Subsequently, upon

inquiry, ATL became aware of certain misrepresentations by LEL at the time of renewal of the Put Option agreement and consequently, ATL has rescinded

the Put Option from the renewal date of the Put Option agreement and also filed a suit against LEL and the security trustee of the said Bank in the Hon’ble

Supreme Court of Mauritius for inter-alia declaration that the amended Put Option agreement has been properly rescinded and no longer binding and

enforceable. The matter is now sub-judice in Mauritius.

ATL does not consider that any liability will devolve on it and hence has not recognized any liability towards the fair value of the Put Option in its books of

account. Further, the Management of ATL has determined that based on valuation reports of VIL provided by LEL annually for subsequent periods up till 31

March 2019, the value of the underlying shares in VIL was higher than the exercise price and hence no amount was required to be recognized as liability

towards the fair value of the Put Option in respect of those financial year ends.

NOTES

FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO); Mr. R Gopalan (Independent Director -

Chairman); Mr. Ashok Kurien (Non-Executive Director); Mr. Manish Chokhani (Independent Director); Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta (Independent Director); Mr. Piyush

Pandey (Independent Director); Ms. Alicia Yi (Independent Director) w.e.f. 24 April 2020; Mr. Sasha Mirchandani (Independent Director) w.e.f. 24 December

2020; Mr. Vivek Mehra (Independent Director) w.e.f. 24 December 2020.

Relatives of key Management Personnal

Amit Goenka, CEO international business

(d) Disclosure in respect of related party transactions and balances as at and during the year

(` Millions)

Sl. No.

Particulars

Mar-21

Mar-20

Transactions during the year

A)

Revenue from operations

I)

Advertisement income

Other related parties

128

27

II)

Subscription income

Other related parties

1,930

1,955

III)

Share of subscription income payable

Other related parties

399

611

IV)

Commission - Space selling

Other related parties

50

267

V)

Sales - Media content

Other related parties

2

5

VI)

Other operating revenue

Other related parties

105

159

B)

Other income

I)

Rent/ Miscellaneous income

Other related parties

192

267

II)

Interest income

Other related parties

32

25

NOTES

FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of financial liabilities including estimated interest payments as at 31 March 2020.

(` Millions)

Due in

1st year

Due in

2 to 5th year

Due after 5

years

Total

Carrying

value

Financial Liabilities

Trade payables and other financial liabilities

19,259

-

-

19,259

19,259

Lease liabilities

341

470

45

856

856

Borrowings

4,044

4,045

-

8,089

5,971

Total

23,644

4,515

45

28,204

26,086

The amount of financial guarantees included in contingent liabilities are the maximum amounts the Group could be forced to settle under the arrangement for the

full guaranteed amount if the amount is claimed by the counterparty to the guarantee.

45. During the year, the Board of Directors of the Company has approved the sale of digital publishing business to Rapidcube Technologies Private Limited,

a related party, subject to regulatory and other approvals. Based on the binding quote received for this sale, the Company has assessed the carrying

value of Goodwill relating to the aforesaid business and accordingly, accounted for an impairment charge of Rs. 265 million and disclosed the same as

‘Exceptional item’.

46. Dividend on Equity shares is approved by the Board of Directors in their meeting held on 20 May 2021, and is subject to approval of the shareholders at the

Annual General Meeting and hence not recognised as a liability (including Dividend distribution tax thereon). Appropriation of dividend is done in the financial

statements subsequent to approval by the shareholders.

Final dividend on Equity shares for the current year is Rs. 2.50 per share (Re. 0.30 per share) which aggregates to Rs. 2,401 Million (Rs. 288 Million).

47. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

(a) Associates

Name of the Associate

Extent of holding

Country of Incorporation

Asia Today Thailand Limited (held through Asia Today Singapore Pte Limited)

25% (25%)

Thailand

(b) Joint Venture

Name of the Jointly Controlled Entity

Extent of holding

Country of Incorporation

Media Pro Enterprise India Private Limited (held through Zee Network Distribution Limited

formerly known as Zee Turner Limited)

50% (50%)

India

(c) Other Related parties consists of companies controlled by key management personnel and its relatives with whom transactions have taken place

during the year and balance outstanding as on the last day of the year:

Asian Satellite Broadcast Private Limited; Axom Communication and Cable Private Limited; Broadcast Audience Research Council; Cyquator Media Services

Private Limited; Creantum Security Solutions Private Limited; Digital Subscriber Management and Consultancy Services Private Limited; Diligent Media

Corporation Limited; Edisons Infrapower & Multiventures Private Limited; Essel Corporate LLP; Essel Corporate Resources Private Limited; Essel Finance

Business Loans Limited; Essel Finance Management LLP; Essel Infra Projects Limited; Elouise Green Mobility Limited (formerly known as Essel Green

Mobility Limited); Essel Realty Private Limited; Essel Utilities Distribution Company Limited; Evenness Business Excellence Services Private Limited (Formerly

known as Essel Business Excellence Services Limited); EZ Buy Private Limited; EZ-Mall Online Limited; Indian Cable Net Company Limited; Konti Infrapower

& Multiventures Private Limited; Liberium Global Resources Private Limited; Living Entertainment Enterprises Private Limited; Master Channel Community

Network Private Limited; Omnitrade Marketing Services Private Limited; Pan India Infraprojects Private Limited; Pan India Network Infravest Limited; Pan India

Network Limited; Procall Infra & Utilities Private Limited; Real Media FZ-LLC; Siti Broadband Services Private Limited; Siti Guntur Digital Network Private Limited;

Siti Jai Maa Durgee Communication Private Limited; Siti Jind Digital Media Communication Private Limited; Siti Karnal Digital Media Network Private Limited; Siti

Networks Limited; Siti Maurya Cable Net Private Limited; Siti Prime Uttranchal Communications Private Limited; Siti Saistar Digital Media Private Limited; Siti Siri

Digital Network Private Limited; Siti Vision Digital Media Private Limited; Today Merchandise Private Limited; Veria International Limited; Widescreen Holdings

Private Limited; Zee Akaash News Private Limited; Zee Learn Limited; Zee Media Corporation Limited; Zen Cruises Private Limited.

NOTES

FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO and CEO international business

Short term employee benefits*

182

141

Q)

Commission and sitting fees

Non-executive directors

42

37

R)

Dividend paid

Director (2021: Rs. 2,524/-; 2020: Rs. 11,099/-)

0

0

NOTES

FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(` Millions)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO and CEO international business*

Punit Goenka (: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Rohit Kumar Gupta

Ashish Agarwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 20 May 2021

NOTES

FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

