Dear stakeholders

In 2024, we mark a milestone of 100 years since AECI’s founding in 1924. We celebrate

this milestone with great and justified pride given the company’s history, which closely

parallels the development of the mining and chemicals industries in South Africa and the

African continent. Over time, success on the African continent was leveraged beyond

Africa into Australia, South America and Asia. The resilience that saw AECI through its first

century gives us great confidence as we embark on the second century. The birth of AECI

occurred amid the challenges humanity faced following the end of the First World War. Our

second century commences in a world unsettled by the geopolitical and environmental

challenges we have experienced in the past few years, and that show no signs of abating.

Nevertheless, we are confident in our people’s ability to build a Group that will stand the

test of time.

In this report, we present you with an overview of the landscape in which we operate,

our Group results for the 2023 financial year, and the plan we have in place to ensure our

longevity as a value creator for all its stakeholders.

Our landscape

The year under review saw the continuation of profound geopolitical shifts, the

development of new ones and ongoing economic instability, all of which have defined the

global landscape over the past few years. Escalating Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas

conflicts, as well as rising tensions in other parts of the Middle East, further exacerbate our

operating environment. The repercussions of this turmoil reverberate deeply within our

operations, influencing socioeconomic and macroeconomic conditions that significantly

impact the supply and demand dynamics of our product and solution offerings. The

intricate interplay between our operations and the broader economic landscape is evident

in the persistent challenge posed by commodity volatility and the surge in commodity

prices.

The chemical industry is undergoing a transformative shift driven by sustainability,

influencing customer demands, manufacturing and supply chains. As the industry moves

towards achieving Net Zero emissions, a significant percentage of businesses face risks

in the next decade, necessitating a fundamental shift in business models to capture value

in a resource-efficient economy.

Addressing climate change has become a pivotal influence on our strategic direction.

By understanding the significant risks and transformative opportunities climate change

presents, we acknowledge the increasing frequency of extreme weather events that can

disrupt our operations, affect local communities and impact crucial infrastructure that

underpins our supply chains. We understand the critical role AECI can play in shaping the

future of sustainable energy solutions.

We remain resolute in our commitment to resilience and agility as we respond to these

multifaceted industry and global challenges. Our strategic approach is anticipatory,

positioning us to focus on our core strengths, endure storms, seize opportunities and

contribute meaningfully to the well-being of our stakeholders.

Dr Khotso Mokhele

CHAIRMAN

“In today’s fast-paced and ever-evolving

business landscape, adaptability and

reinvention are our guiding principles.

We understand that to secure our place

in the next century, embracing change,

refining our strategy to seize new

opportunities, and adeptly navigating

market shifts are essential for sustained

growth and profitability.”

AECI Greenhouse Research Farm, Bapsfontein, South Africa

Sustainability in action

Impactful initiatives

Better

Mining

• Steam consumption below 30%

• Leveraging used oil into

processes

• Project Titania, transform waste

from Ammonium Nitrate plant into

valuable products

• 67% reduction of CO2 emissions

by pioneering improved emulsion

Better

Chemistry

• Maximising the use of 100% of Anchor

Yeast’s biogas

• Reduction in chemical exposure

and environmental impact by use of

alternative fluorine-free

firefighting foams

Better

Water

• 44ML of potable water generated for

Harmony Gold

• Solar powered, D2 Water filtration

skids provide potable water to

clinics, schools and community

centres

• Hippo rollers provide access to

clean drinking water in remote

communities

Better

Food and Agri Systems

• Mega-Inliner® system reduces the use

of water in chemical washing for food

transport

• 75% of waste generated is reused and

recycled

More information on these and other projects can be found in the SR .:

Managing Director of AECI Mining effective 31 October 2023.

I welcome to this iconic company those members of the Board and

Executive who joined us during this period and wish those who left

the company the best as they embark on their new endeavours.

The evolution of the Group Executive Committee that occurred in 2023,

together with the evolution of the Board that has taken place over a few years,

has resulted in dynamic and diverse leadership of the company that is fit to

lead the company as we embark on our journey into our second century. We

are confident in the ability of the Board and the Executive team to execute

their mandates based on their extensive skillset and experience.

Looking ahead

As we chart our course into the next century, we do so with determination

and a strengthened foundation. I am genuinely enthused about the trajectory

ahead and the opportunities that await us. Together, with the dedication of

our people and the collective efforts of all stakeholders, we will overcome

challenges, seize opportunities, and continue building a legacy that resonates

with the values and aspirations that have guided the Group since its inception.

Executing the strategy adopted during the year under review will receive the

obsessive and single-minded focus of both the Board and the Executive.

I want to express my appreciation to the Board, Group Executive Committee

members and all those who have contributed to AECI’s remarkable journey

thus far. Your commitment and dedication have been instrumental to our

success, and I look forward to working together as we shape our future and

contribute to a better world for the next 100 years and beyond.

Sincerely,

Dr Khotso Mokhele

Chairman of the Board

Strategy refresh

As mandated by the Board, the overarching objective was to ensure that our business

remains robust, relevant and fit for the future. Recognising the importance of proactive

measures to mitigate external challenges, the Board oversaw the strategy development

process, which they approved in November 2023.

As part of the comprehensive strategy execution effort, our roadmap emphasises

building a winning culture, assembling a top-tier team, nurturing core strengths for growth,

championing operational excellence, driving innovation, and executing precise change.

Aligned with our overarching purpose, We Are One AECI, for a Better World; our goal is to

double the profitability of our core businesses (Mining and Chemicals) by 2026 and secure

the number three global market position in Mining by 2030 (see pages 30 – 44).

In order to achieve this, the portfolio will be optimised to focus on Mining and Chemicals,

strategically divesting of managed businesses. This strategic shift positions us to weather

current challenges and thrive in a future requiring adaptability and resilience to achieve

sustainability.

As we forge ahead, we are confident that our strategy will fortify our position and contribute

significantly to the well-being of our stakeholders and the realisation of our vision for a better

world.

Commitment to sustainability

Reflecting on our rich history, spanning a century of innovation and growth, we would

like to emphasise the inherent connection between our success and our commitment

to sustainability. Beyond it being our moral obligation as responsible corporate citizens,

sustainability has been a driving force behind our enduring legacy.

Over the years, we have witnessed a transformative shift in global awareness towards

sustainable practices. Our longstanding dedication to environmental stewardship, from the

early days of our operations to the present day, holds us in good stead as we navigate the

challenges ahead (see page 16).

We recognise the substantial opportunities in developing and implementing sustainable

technologies, practices and products. These opportunities align with our core values, open

doors to new markets and reduce operational costs. The economic benefits derived from

our sustainability initiatives are not just incidental but integral to our business strategy.

As we navigate the evolving business landscape, we remain steadfast in our commitment

to sustainability. It is a journey that safeguards the environment for future generations and

ensures our company’s continued relevance and prosperity in a world that increasingly

values sustainability as a fundamental business principle. We reaffirm our dedication to

aligning with international goals and objectives by integrating the UN SDGs into our business

strategy to achieve broader environmental and societal goals (see page 13).

Furthermore, recognising the urgent need to address climate change, we have set our

sights on a tangible and ambitious target of achieving Net Zero by 2050. This goal is a

pledge and a dynamic commitment to mitigating our environmental impact and advancing

towards a sustainable future. We know this journey will require innovation, collaboration, and

resilience, and we embrace this challenge with unwavering resolve. Our 2023

SR provides

further detail on our commitment and the development of our Net Zero by 2050 pathway.

Collectively, we aim to champion sustainability as a responsibility and a cornerstone of our

enduring success as we forge ahead into the next century, building further on our legacy

that not only endures, but also contributes to a more sustainable and prosperous world.

The safety of our people always comes first

The safety and well-being of our people and the communities in which we operate are

paramount, and we are deeply committed to achieving Zero Harm throughout our entire

value chain. We currently face challenges in this area, which sadly include two tragic

fatalities suffered during the period under review and an increase in total recordable injuries.

The Board wishes to express its sincere condolences to the families, colleagues and friends

affected by these tragedies.

Corporate governance

Effective corporate governance has been a critical factor in the Group’s century-long

success, instilling confidence among stakeholders in our business’s enduring sustainability

and reputation. Our proven track record underscores the efficacy of our processes and

our ability to adapt to the dynamic changes in the working environment. Our company must

uphold its legacy of effective and ethical leadership, responsible corporate citizenship, and

best practices (see GR pages 5 – 6).

Strategic leadership

Guided by a diverse Board, our governance structure aligns with the goals and objectives

of our strategy. Several key management changes have been implemented to navigate

changes in our operational environment and foster sustainable growth, which will be

covered in the Group Chief Executive’s report.

During this time of transition, the Group Executive Committee must comprise the right

mix of leaders, some of whom have been with the company for many years and have

deep organisational insights and a proven track record and those who can bring fresh

perspectives informed by their experience outside of the organisation. The Board is

confident that they have the combined experience, commitment and passion to steer AECI

into the next century (see page 68).

The AECI Board

Towards the end of 2023, we underwent an external Board performance assessment,

analysing our strategic focus, risk management, innovation and values-led leadership.

The assessment also evaluated how well individual members of the Board perform

their functional roles, their effectiveness as a team, and their ability to lead the Board

successfully in normal times and under significant pressure. The report highlighted

strengths, gaps and presented recommendations in the form of a Board improvement plan

R&D Laboratory, AECI Mining Chemicals, Modderfontein, South Africa:

Dear stakeholders

I joined AECI on 1 May 2023 and my journey thus far has been life-changing. I am

humbled by the full support and unceasing encouragement I have received from

our Board, our customers who regard us as an institution and our investors and

shareholders who appreciate our vision. At the core of my heartfelt thanks are the

AECI people from across the world, in all operations and sites, who drive me to push

harder than I ever have.

AECI, a reflection

Our core division, AECI Mining, consistently generates reliable profits throughout

the business cycle, contributing 71% of Group EBITDA in 2023. The segment’s 12%

EBITDA growth to R2 616 million (2022: R2 342 million), contributed significantly

to our overall Group performance. However, our Group’s EBITDA and margin

were impacted by high finance costs associated with AECI Schirm, a loss-making

segment.

Apart from AECI Mining and AECI Chemicals, AECI Agri Health was our next

largest revenue-generating segment, contributing 20% of Group revenue over

the past three years. However, its EBITDA margin of 0.8% and free cash flow of

R192 million (outflow) are relatively lower compared to other segments, mainly

impacted by AECI Schirm.

AECI Chemicals, on the other hand, is a business highly influenced by the

macroeconomic conditions in South Africa, yet it remained a significant cash flow

generating segment with R469 million free cash flow.

Reflecting on our past capital allocation decisions, not all have proven to be

value-enhancing. In fact, over the past five years, almost half (49%) of our capital

expenditure has yielded returns below weighted average costs of capital (WACC).

AECI Mining has invested the least amount in expansion capital expenditure, while

AECI Agri Health has allocated the most resources in this area. Read more on pages

70 – 75.

Strategy review – building, for the next 100 years

In 2023, the Board gave the executive management team a twofold mandate:

•

continue to advance our existing strategic execution plans; and

•

critically evaluate whether our strategy and operating model are still suitable

for achieving our overall organisational purpose, ensuring the longevity of the

Group.

In examining the appropriateness of our purpose, ambition, strategy and operating

model, we found that our complex and fragmented portfolio lacks synergy and

significantly limits our earnings potential. This complexity resulted from the

Group’s acquisition strategy over the past two decades, which has led to an

underperforming and disjointed portfolio.

Umbogintwini industrial complex, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa:

Managing Director of AECI Mining, effective 1 February 2024.

Board committee changes

Committee membership changes that were announced and took effect in 2023, as

well as those that took effect in 2024, were as follows:

Aarti Takoordeen resigned as a member of the Risk Committee following

her resignation as the Group CFO on 26 April 2023.

Marna Roets, a Non-executive Director of the Company since 2020, was

appointed Chairman of the Remuneration and Human Capital Committee

on 1 June 2023. She succeeded Godfrey Gomwe, who retired from the

Board following the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting held on

30 May 2023. Roets is also a member of the Audit and Social, Ethics

and Sustainability Committees and the AECI Captive Insurance Financial

Review and Risk Committee.

Samuel Coetzer, a Non-executive Director of the Company, joined the

Remuneration and Human Capital Committee on 1 June 2023 to further bolster

the Committee’s experience and expertise.

Holger Riemensperger joined the Risk, Social, Ethics and Sustainability,

Investment, Innovation and Technology and Safety, Health and Environment

Committees in his capacity as the Group Chief Executive Officer on 1 May 2023.

Mark Kathan, an Executive Director of the Company and Chief Executive Officer

of AECI Mining Limited (until 31 October 2023), stepped down from his position

as a member of the Risk Committee and the Safety, Health and Environment

Committee.

Rochelle Gabriels, in her capacity as Group Chief Financial Officer and Executive

Director, effective 2 January 2024, is a member of the Risk Committee.

Independence and conflicts of interest

The Nomination, Governance and Directors’ Affairs Committee (NGDA) recognises

the importance of ensuring the independence of Non-executive Directors as this

ascertains the balance of power within the Board.

Non-executive Directors are required to sign independence as well as personal and

financial conflicts of interest declarations. Directorships held in other companies

should also be declared.

Succession, election and rotation of Board members

The Board understands the importance of maintaining the level of skill sets required

to meet the company’s objectives. The succession planning and skills composition

is therefore reviewed on a regular basis through the NGDA Committee to determine

the need for improvement.

The NGDA Committee’s primary responsibility is to facilitate the selection of

qualified candidates for nomination by the shareholders. Directors are selected

and appointed and/or removed by the Board with the ratification of the company’s

shareholders in the Annual General Meeting as set out in the Memorandum of

Incorporation.

Knowledge, skills and experience

The Board, through its Chairman and assisted by the Group Company Secretary,

ensures that a comprehensive induction programme is established for each new

Director. This training facilitates the Directors’ understanding of AECI’s business

practices as well as their roles and responsibilities within the Board. To further

improve the Directors’ understanding of the Group and to gain first-hand experience

of the company’s operations, they are required to visit two major group sites where

they can engage with the functional and technical staff.

AECI Chemicals, Chloorkop, South Africa:

