Letter from the Chairmen of the Remuneration & Nominations Committee: Dear shareholders

On behalf of the Committees, we present the FY2023 remuneration report. This

report highlights Afrimat’s remuneration philosophy and policy and illustrates

how the policy has been implemented, disclosing payments made to non-

executive and executive directors during the year.

In line with King IVTM Code on Corporate Governance for South Africa, and

our commitment to fair and responsible remuneration, our policies are

reviewed annually to ensure that Group remuneration and recruitment is

aligned with the overall business strategy, with the aim of enabling

Afrimat to attract and retain personnel who will create long-term

value for all stakeholders.

The Company is committed to shareholder engagement regarding

its remuneration policy and its consistent implementation in order

to maintain a strong relationship with our shareholders. We

will continue to improve policies and practices to be aligned with

remuneration developments in local and global best practices

but also more importantly aligned with Afrimat’s strategy

and values.

Both

the

Company’s

remuneration

policy

and

its

implementation report thereon will again be presented

to shareholders for separate non-binding advisory

votes at Afrimat’s 2023 AGM. In the event that 25% or

more of the shareholders vote against either the

remuneration policy or the implementation report at

the meeting, Afrimat will engage with such

shareholders through dialogue, requesting written

submissions or otherwise. In order to address their

concerns, always with due regard to meeting the

Company’s stated business objectives while

being fair and responsible toward both the

employees and shareholders.

Remuneration Report

Our business

Performance

Annual financial statements

Business strategy

Governance overview

Governance structures

Shareholder information

AFRIMAT integrated annual report 2023

70

letter to participants annually.

The achievement of the performance conditions for the SAR vesting during the year is as follows:

Performance measure

Targets

Target year three

HEPS growth of cumulative CPI for the three-year performance period + 6% from base year

Target year four

HEPS growth of cumulative CPI for the four-year performance period + 8% from base year

Target year five

HEPS growth of cumulative CPI for the five-year performance period + 10% from base year

Vesting of Grant 15 SAR allocation:

The performance conditions for the Grant 15 SAR allocation vesting on

19 May 2023 were tested to determine if vesting had been achieved.

The performance condition for SARs is HEPS growth of cumulative CPI plus

6% over the three-year performance period. The graph shows the target

HEPS, which is required for the full vesting of the May 2020 SAR, against

actual HEPS. Actual HEPS achieved was 457,6 cps, 33,6 cps above the

target HEPS of 424,0 cps. Based on the outcome, the May 2020 allocations

have vested and was exercisable as from 19 May 2023, subsequent to

approval by the Remuneration & Nominations Committee.

Forfeitable share plan (‘FSP’)

A FSP is in place as a long-term incentive for selected employees to

encourage delivery of the Group’s business strategy and to serve as a

retention mechanism.

Forfeitable shares are awarded annually to executive directors, senior

executives and senior managers based on achieving Company and individual

performance objectives for the year under review. The performance objectives

relate to specific KPIs identified per individual and their respective overall

performance thereon. The FSP currently has nine (2022: nine) participants.

The FSP participant population is intended to be for individuals who are

considered to be key to Company’s leadership and is considered annually.

A forfeitable share award vests after a period of three years. Forfeitable

share awards will be forfeited if the participant leaves employment during

the restricted period (except if the participant is a ‘good leaver’ under the

scheme rules).

The shares are held by a Central Depository Participant (‘CSDP’) on behalf of

the employee during the time of the vesting period and the employee will not

be able to dispose of the shares before the vesting date.

The FSP provides for the delivery of full shares (performance and/or restricted

shares) on grant. The shares are subject to forfeiture and disposal restrictions

and are held on behalf of a participant until it vests. A participant will have all

other shareholder rights (i.e. dividends and voting rights) from grant date.

Overall levels of FSPs granted are reviewed annually in accordance with

market best practice. The number of FSPs granted to participants is based on

the participant’s total cost of employment (‘TCOE’), grade, performance,

retention requirements and market benchmarks. Every qualifying position will

be capped in terms of the maximum total FSPs. The vesting period of the FSP

is three years. For early termination of employment (based on resignation,

dismissal) all unvested FSPs will lapse, but for good leavers (disability, death,

retrenchment, etc.) unvested FSPs will vest pro rata based on time employed.

Refer to limits set in aggregate with the SAR scheme as presented above.

Short-term variable incentives

The short-term incentive bonus scheme (‘STIBS’) is discretionary and is

linked to the achievement of targets led by the short-term performance target

of headline PBIT. Bonuses are paid proportional to TCOE relative to

achievement of financial and operational targets.

Bonuses are created after the achievement of predefined targets aligned to

the Group’s strategic plan. Bonuses are increased in value as threshold,

target or stretch targets are attained. Bonuses are capped at the following

percentages of TCOE:

Category

Bonus cap

Performance

rating

Group CEO

On-target 77%

89%

Stretch 23%

95%

Group Executive

Directors

On-target 47%

89%

Stretch 33%

100%

All bonuses paid are subject to approval by the Board on recommendation of

the Remuneration & Nominations Committee.

STIBS is based on performance of FY2023.

Pledged securities

In compliance with 3.64(h) the following is being disclosed to shareholders.

A number of 4,1 million Afrimat ordinary shares held by directors were

pledged as a guarantee for a medium-term loan of R3,5 million.

0

100

200

300

400

500

600

Target HEPS

Actual HEPS

457,6

424,0

HEPS (cps)

(Rand)

airPLAST breathable plaster

Our business

Performance

Annual financial statements

Business strategy

Governance overview

Governance structures

Shareholder information

AFRIMAT integrated annual report 2023

73:

Managing Director and CEO of the highly successful Victoria &

Alfred Waterfront Proprietary Limited, in Cape Town when he left to start his own company, DVDM

Properties Proprietary Limited (that also operated in the People Spaces group until 2014) both offering

international property development management and consulting services. Prior to that, he was an

executive director within various companies in the Stocks & Stocks construction group of companies.

Derick was a non-executive director of PNA Stationers for 11 years (including Chairman) and served as

non-executive on a few other boards and trusts. He is a retired member of South African Institute of

Realtors and Associated Chartered Institute of Building. He serves currently as a non-executive director

(Lead Independent Director since 1 February 2021) on the Board of Accelerated Property Fund Limited.

2.2

Ordinary resolution number 3

‘Resolved that Mr Loyiso Dotwana, who retires by rotation in terms of the memorandum of incorporation

of the Company and, being eligible, offers himself for re-election, be and is hereby re-elected as director.’

Summary curriculum vitae of Mr Loyiso Dotwana

BSc Civil Engineering (University of Cape Town)

Loyiso worked as a civil engineer in design and project management for more than 20 years. He

specialised in design and contract administration of township services and rural, urban and national

roads. He was involved in the conceptual and detailed design of bulk services for the Coega Industrial

Development Zone in Port Elizabeth. Loyiso founded Illiso Consulting Proprietary Limited, one of South

Africa’s largest black owned consulting engineering companies, of which he is currently a director and

the major shareholder. Loyiso was appointed to the Afrimat Board since its listing in 2006. He serves as

Chairman of the Social, Ethics & Sustainability Committee.

2.3

Ordinary resolution number 4

‘Resolved that Mr Johannes HP (Johan) van der Merwe, who retires by rotation in terms of the

memorandum of incorporation of the Company and, being eligible, offers himself for re-election, be and

is hereby re-elected as director.’

Summary curriculum vitae of Mr Johannes HP (Johan) van der Merwe

CA(SA), Master in Income Tax (University of Pretoria), MPhil Finance (Cambridge University), Advanced

Management Programme (Harvard Business School), Challenge of Leadership (Insead Business School)

Johan joined Investec Asset Management in 1997 as Head of Resources and became the Global Sector

Head of Resources in 2000. He was a director and executive committee member of Investec Asset

Management. In 2002 he was appointed as CEO of Sanlam Investment Management. He stepped down

as the CEO of Sanlam Investment Management on 1 November 2015 and remained on the Sanlam

Investments, Capital Markets and Employee Benefits Boards, respectively, as non-executive director. He

is a chartered accountant and is currently co-CEO of African Rainbow Capital Proprietary Limited. Johan

was appointed to the Afrimat Board in 2017.

Notice of AGM

Our business

Performance

Annual financial statements

Business strategy

Governance overview

Governance structures

Shareholder information

AFRIMAT integrated annual report 2023

147:

Managing Director

‘NEMA’

National Environmental Management Act, 1998

‘previous/prior year’

or ‘FY2022’

Year ended 28 February 2022

‘QAQC’

Quality assurance/Quality control

‘SAR’

Share Appreciation Right

‘SARS’

South African Revenue Services

‘SARMA’

South African Readymix Association

‘SENS’

Securities Exchange News Service, the regulatory information dissemination

platform for the JSE

‘SHE’

Safety, Health and Environment

'SHEQ’

Safety, Health, Environment and Quality

‘SLP’

Social and Labour Plan

‘TCFD’

Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures

‘year’ or ‘year under

review’ or ‘FY2023’

Year ended 28 February 2023

‘WUL’

Water use license

Financial definitions

‘CAGR’

Compound annual growth rate

‘FY’

Financial year ending February

‘IFRS’

International Financial Reporting Standards

‘HEPS’

Headline earnings per share

‘NAV’

Net asset value

‘PAT’

Profit after tax

‘PBIT’

Profit before interest and tax

‘ROE’

Return on equity

‘ROI’

Return on investment

‘RONA’

Return on net operating assets

‘TNAV’

Tangible net asset value

Definitions

Our business

Performance

Annual financial statements

Business strategy

Governance overview

Governance structures

Shareholder information

AFRIMAT integrated annual report 2023

155:

