Dear Shareholders,

The 2023 financial year proved to be a successful one for

Andrada, culminating in significant milestones achieved.

Unfortunately, the depressed tin prices resulted in negative

earnings as detailed in the financial review by the Chief

Finance Officer. Nonetheless, we further cemented the

foundation by rounding our production suite towards

becoming

a

meaningful

tech-metals

producer.

The

Company’s stated Five-Year Growth Strategy and the

tangible attributable value of our assets, as displayed in the

internally developed Preliminary Economic Assessment,

provide stakeholders with visibility on how Andrada will

achieve its goals.

Maintaining

sufficient

cash

resources

during

this

development and growth phase is key to achieving all our

stakeholder objectives and I am pleased to state that the

Andrada team has been managing this diligently in what has

been a challenging market. The support and success of the

fundraising in September 2022 by our loyal , existing as

well as, new shareholders highlight their confidence in our

strategy. Furthermore, it allows the Company to fast track

the development of the lithium and tantalum opportunities

while accelerating the expansion of the existing operations.

For this, we are appreciative of their continued support.

During the year, the Company began expanding beyond

being a tin-only producer to potentially becoming one of

the first significant African lithium producers on AIM (a

market of the London Stock Exchange). This important

transformational focus of the Company has meant that we

identify ourselves as a Company that will play a significant

role in the energy transition space. It is for this reason that

we decided to rename the Company Andrada Mining.

The global rhetoric around the supply of critical metals

continues to gain momentum and there is a continued drive

to transition to a greener world. We are determined to

play our part in this transition by sustainably contributing

to bridging the burgeoning supply gap by producing

critical metals. We are fully committed to observing strong

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) principles. The

publication of Andrada’s inaugural Sustainability Report

for the 2022 financial year demonstrates this commitment

to our ESG best practices. We are particularly proud of

the role we have played in redeveloping the town of Uis in

conjunction with our majority Namibian workforce, the local

communities, as well as the government.

CHAIRMAN’S

STATEMENT

Looking to the future, we are hugely

excited by the prospect of becoming

a multi-tech-metal producer. The

immediate objective of the Board is to

accelerate the growth of Andrada

“

“:

Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to present to you the Remuneration and

Nomination Committee Report on behalf of the Board of

Directors. This report has been benchmarked against the

requirements of the QCA Code of Corporate Governance and

in accordance with AIM requirements. Part 2 of this report

pertains to the Proposed Remuneration Policy (“the Policy”)

which now includes a Long-Term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”),

and Employee Share Scheme. Part 3 is the Remuneration

Report, which details the awards to the Directors and Person

Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (“PDMRs”) for the

fiscal year ending 28 February 2023. As a whole, this report

outlines our commitment to sound governance, transparent

remuneration practices, and the alignment of executive

compensation with the Company’s strategic objectives.

Our Policy was created following extensive engagement

with our major shareholders, and aligns seamlessly with

our evolving remuneration and reward framework. We will

highlight the significant changes from our current policy and

practice, underscoring our dedication to transparency and

communication. Although the Company is not required to

obtain shareholder’s approval of a triannual remuneration

policy nor to seek annual approval of the remuneration paid

to the Board, the Board believes that it is good practice to

seek shareholder’s views on Board remuneration by way of

an advisory shareholder vote on the Remuneration Report.

Shareholders can find the report on pages 44 to 46 of this

Annual Report.

OVERVIEW OF EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT

REMUNERATION AND PERFORMANCE

Our remuneration philosophy is anchored in the principles

of performance-based compensation, aiming to foster a

strong connection between executive rewards and the

attainment of strategic and operational milestones. This

approach includes pay-for-performance metrics that align

with the Company’s core objectives, culminating in the

achievement of our strategic goals.

We recognise that our talented workforce is instrumental

in our achievements. Therefore, we place great emphasis

on attracting and retaining skilled executives with extensive

experience in the mining industry, particularly within the

“green metals” sector.

PART 1: CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE ON REMUNERATION AND

NOMINATION COMMITTEE REPORT

42

ANDRADA ANNUAL REPORT 2023

REMUNERATION REPORT:

