Dear stakeholders

I thank you for your interest in ArcelorMittal South

Africa; that you are reading this message means you

have a meaningful interest in our activities and our

impacts. We do not take your interest in our affairs

lightly or for granted. No doubt many, if not all, readers

of this year’s integrated report will be interested in the

thinking that informed our decision, in November 2023,

to wind down our Longs business.

Longs business wind-down

Elsewhere in this report you will read something

about the considerable work that went into

averting the decision we made in November.

The narrative on this subject is, of necessity,

only a mere precis of the exhaustive work

done to try and keep our long steel plants in

Newcastle, eMalahleni and Vereeniging up and

running. My fellow directors and I interrogated

the work done by management in great

detail and at great length, but

were unable to come to any

conclusion other than that

winding down was now,

finally, necessary. I can

assure you that this was a

decision we took with the

greatest reluctance and

one that we arrived at

only after very thoroughly

deliberating all possible

options.

We are acutely aware

of the seriously negative

consequences this

decision would have on

employees, suppliers and

whole communities. And so

we enthusiastically endorsed

DEMANDING ACCOUNTABILITY – FROM OUR CHAIRMAN

“More than ever, business must

insist on ethical leadership and

good governance. It must demand

meaningful service delivery and

transformation. ”

ArcelorMittal South Africa | Integrated report 2023 33:

letter in terms of the JSE

Listings Requirements, paragraph 22.15(H), has been

submitted by EY. The committee is satisfied that EY is

compliant with the relevant external audit partner’s

JSE qualification and the rotation rules.

The committee approved the external audit plan,

which was based on the principles of ISA600, the

terms of the engagement and the audit fee.

Taking into consideration the criteria specified for

independence by the Independent Regulatory

Board for Auditors, EY confirmed in an annual written

statement that their independence has not been

impaired.

All non-audit services were approved by the

committee during the current financial year in

accordance with the board-approved policy on

non-audit services performed by the external auditor.

The committee meets with the auditor independently

of senior management. The committee agendas

provide for confidential meetings between committee

members and the internal and external auditors.

The committee assessed the adequacy of the

performance of the internal audit function and

the adequacy of the available internal audit

resources

The committee is responsible for ensuring that the

group’s internal audit function is independent and has

the necessary resources, standing and authority in the

organisation to discharge its duties. The committee

oversees cooperation between internal and external

auditors and serves as a link between the board of

directors and these functions. The head of internal

audit reports administratively to the CEO and

functionally to the chairperson of the committee and

head of group internal audit of the holding company,

ArcelorMittal Holdings AG.

The committee reviewed the assurance services

charter and approved the risk-based integrated

internal audit plan. The committee evaluated the

independence, effectiveness, skills and experience

and performance of the internal audit function and

compliance with its charter and concluded these to

be satisfactory.

The committee is satisfied with the effectiveness of the

head of internal audit.

The committee assists the board in carrying

out its information and information technology

responsibilities to ensure ethical and responsible

use and compliance

The committee monitors the ethical and responsible

use of technology and information and compliance

with relevant laws in order to assist the board

in carrying out its information and information

technology responsibilities.

The committee reviewed the appropriateness of

the control environment in respect of the management

of material information and communication

technology risks.

AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED:

