Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to provide BHP’s Annual Report for FY2023.

In FY2023, we achieved strong performance and made progress towards

our social value and sustainability commitments, targets and goals. However,

these achievements were overshadowed by the tragic deaths of our colleagues

Jody Byrne at our Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO) operations and Nathan

Scholz at Olympic Dam during the second half of the year. Our investigation into

Jody Byrne’s death at WAIO has been completed and the findings shared with

industry peers. Our investigation into Nathan Scholz’s death at Olympic Dam is

ongoing. We are determined to learn from these events and prevent them from

happening again.

Our priorities

During FY2023, our key priority areas were safety, culture and capability, capital

discipline, portfolio and social value. I met with many of our shareholders and

visited sites in Australia, Singapore, Chile and Brazil where I had the opportunity

to engage with our workforce, suppliers, customers, local communities and

Indigenous partners. These discussions reinforced the work we have been

doing across these priority areas. I am confident our ongoing delivery against

these key areas will position BHP to continue to grow long-term value for our

shareholders and create social value with our partners and stakeholders.

Safety and culture

The safety of our people is our highest priority. I am deeply saddened by the

deaths of Jody Byrne and Nathan Scholz, and I offer my condolences to their

family, friends and colleagues.

Our commitment to the goal of zero fatalities and serious injuries at BHP

remains unwavering and, following these tragic events, we have enhanced the

organisation’s focus on the execution of our safety systems and processes in

the field and strengthened our control environment. We continue to drive the

safety culture needed to eliminate fatalities and serious injuries at BHP.

Our commitment to safety includes addressing sexual harassment, racism and

bullying in our workplaces. We are determined to eliminate these harmful behaviours

at BHP. There is more to do and we are committed to providing a safe, inclusive and

diverse workplace culture where our people can perform at their best.

We know that inclusive and diverse teams are safer and more productive.

We are on track to achieve our aspirational goal for a gender-balanced

workforce by the end of FY2025 and have doubled the representation of women

since CY2016 when we set our gender-balance goal.

Portfolio

Our objective is to position BHP’s portfolio of commodities to create value for

today and the future. We have reshaped our portfolio to align with the global

megatrends of decarbonisation, electrification, urbanisation and a rising

population. Mining is essential for decarbonisation and the energy transition.

The world needs copper for renewable energy, nickel for electric vehicles, and

iron ore and higher-quality metallurgical coal for steel to build new infrastructure.

And we’re moving into potash, which will be vital to food security and more

sustainable farming to support a growing population.

BHP has a world-class portfolio of assets that stands to benefit from the

increased demand generated from the global megatrends unfolding around

us, and we have made changes to our portfolio this year to further align to

these megatrends.

We acquired OZ Minerals in May 2023, adding complementary copper and

nickel assets in Australia to Olympic Dam and Nickel West. We are consolidating

our metallurgical coal portfolio to focus on higher-quality coals preferred by

our steelmaking customers and the Jansen Potash Project in Canada is

progressing, with first production now expected in late CY2026.

Delivering value

Our Capital Allocation Framework is used to assess the most effective and

efficient way to deploy capital and is embedded in our decision making at BHP.

In FY2023, through our Capital Allocation Framework, we were able to deliver

substantial shareholder returns and create financial and social value for our

partners and stakeholders.

The Board determined dividends totaling US$8.6 billion to shareholders for the

year, taking the total amount in cash dividends for the past three years to over

US$40 billion.

In addition to the value delivered to our shareholders, we created significant

financial value in the communities where we operate through payments to

suppliers, wages to our employees, community contributions and taxes and

royalties paid to governments. In FY2023, our total economic contribution was

US$54.2 billion, including US$2.6 billion to local suppliers who support our

operations by providing goods and services.

We also delivered tangible social value outcomes in each of the six pillars of our

social value framework. Our social value pillars are focused on: decarbonisation,

the environment, Indigenous partnerships, workforce, communities and supply

chains. Key highlights in FY2023 included:

– We are working with our steel manufacturing customers to develop

solutions to help them reduce their greenhouse gas emission intensity,

and have collaborative partnerships with seven major steelmakers,

which together represent a total of approximately 19 per cent of reported

global steel production according to recent World Steel Association data.

Through these partnerships, we are supporting the industry to develop

technologies and pathways that have the potential to reduce the GHG

emission intensity of steelmaking.

– We released our updated Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) in Australia,

which was recognised with ‘Elevate’ status from Reconciliation Australia,

which is provided to organisations with a proven track record in respectful

engagement with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. The RAP

was developed in partnership with many Aboriginal and Torres Strait

Islander businesses, communities and peak bodies across Australia.

– We are making progress against our social value metrics for Indigenous

workforce participation. BHP is the largest Indigenous employer in the

Australian resources sector and we have increased Indigenous employment

in our operations in Chile and at our Jansen Potash Project in Canada.

Board evaluation and governance review

Our structured and continuous Board succession and renewal process allows

the Board to continue to be fit for purpose and have a balance of experience

and fresh perspectives.

As part of the renewal process, John Mogford and Malcolm Broomhead retired

from the Board in October 2022 and November 2022, respectively. I would like

to thank John and Malcolm for their outstanding contribution to the Board and

commitment to value creation for BHP shareholders.

In FY2023, an external evaluation of the Board was carried out to assess the

performance and effectiveness of the Board and its Committees. Separately,

we reviewed the Board and Committee responsibilities and refreshed the Board

and Committee governance documents to streamline our governance approach,

including on key matters such as climate, technology and people.

Conclusion

BHP will face challenges and uncertainty in FY2024. Cost inflation is expected

to remain in the short to medium term and the changing geopolitical landscape

is impacting global markets. I believe BHP is well positioned to successfully

navigate these challenges and continue to create value for shareholders and

broader communities, customers, suppliers and partners.

We have built a global business that can make the most of the many

opportunities before us. It’s an exciting time to be at BHP.

Thank you for your ongoing support.

Ken MacKenzie

Chair:

Dear Shareholders,

BHP performed solidly in FY2023. Our commitment to operational excellence

saw us achieve another year of strong production results and cost performance.

We continued to create and advance further growth options across our portfolio.

This consistent execution of our strategy gives me great confidence in our

ability to continue to generate long-term value for our shareholders, partners,

customers and stakeholders.

However, in reviewing our performance each year we always look first to

safety. Tragically, this year saw two BHP colleagues, Jody Byrne and Nathan

Scholz, lose their lives in the workplace. These events underscore the absolute

importance of safety and we are resolute in our commitment to eliminate

fatalities and serious injuries at BHP.

Our operational performance was strong in FY2023, with record annual

production achieved at Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO), where we

remain the lowest-cost major producer, and at Spence and Olympic Dam.

At Escondida, we navigated operational challenges to deliver solid production,

and our Queensland coal operations achieved strong underlying performance,

offsetting the impact of significant wet weather.

We saw lower revenue in FY2023 due to weaker prices in key commodities.

On the cost side, we managed the impact of inflation better than our competitors

through disciplined cost control. We remain focused on productivity to stay

competitive, which will remain important in FY2024 as we operate amid

continued global economic volatility.

We delivered earnings of more than US$13 billion and announced dividends

totalling 170 US cents per share for the year. That’s US$8.6 billion flowing back

to our investors, including the many millions of Australians who hold BHP shares

directly or via their superannuation funds. Our total economic contribution paid

to governments, suppliers, contractors, communities and employees for the

year was US$54.2 billion, including US$13.8 billion paid in taxes and royalties.

Positioned for growth

Population growth, rising global living standards and decarbonisation of the

global energy system all mean the demand for many metals and minerals

we produce is anticipated to grow. With our purpose of bringing people and

resources together to build a better world, no company is better positioned

to responsibly supply these resources than BHP.

We believe increasing productivity of our existing assets remains the greatest

single value lever for BHP. This requires an ongoing focus on cost efficiency

and throughput maximisation, ensuring we make the most of what we have

– maximising the value our assets can create.

Our substantial resource base continues to provide organic development

opportunities. We have the world’s largest copper mineral resources1 and the

world’s second-largest nickel sulphide resources.2 The Jansen Stage 1 Potash

Project in Canada, which is creating a new growth front for the company

in potash, remains ahead of plan, and studies for Stage 2 are progressing.

FY2023 also saw us continue to progress our strategy to increase our copper

and nickel prospects globally. These interests include Kabanga Nickel in

Tanzania, Oak Dam in Australia, and Ocelot in the United States. It also

encompassed projects in Serbia and Peru, the Filo del Sol project in Argentina

and Chile and, of course, the acquisition of OZ Minerals. Bringing together the

copper assets from OZ Minerals with OIympic Dam will create a Tier 1 copper

province in South Australia. The acquisition of OZ Minerals also brings potential

for further copper and nickel growth in both the near and long term.

Social value in action

The world needs the growing demand for metals and minerals to be met

responsibly and more sustainably. We continue to make good progress against

the goals within our social value framework announced in FY2022. As of today,

we have among the lowest absolute operational GHG emissions of the major

diversified mining companies.³ In FY2023, our operational GHG emissions

reduced by 11 per cent from adjusted FY2022 levels, and we remain on track

to achieve our FY2030 target to reduce operational GHG emissions by at least

30 per cent from FY2020 levels.

BHP’s relationship with the Indigenous peoples on whose traditional lands we

operate is vitally important. In FY2023 we launched our updated Indigenous

Peoples Policy Statement, which outlines our global approach to engaging

and partnering with Indigenous peoples based on deep respect for the

cultures, rights and perspectives of Indigenous peoples. BHP spent around

US$333 million with Indigenous suppliers globally in FY2023, more than

double last year’s figure.

As well as increasing the value of our procurement, we are focused on building

our relationships with Indigenous suppliers to create higher-value, long-term

contracting partnerships that support economic empowerment and drive

innovation and growth for Indigenous enterprises.

Differentiated culture

Our strong performance in FY2023 is thanks to the more than 80,000 great people

working at BHP. We continue to build an inclusive, performance-orientated culture.

We are empowering our people through the BHP Operating System, our way of

working that seeks to make improvement part of what we do every day.

I am proud to say female employee representation grew to more than 35 per

cent in FY2023, and representation of Indigenous peoples grew to 8.6 per cent

of our operational employees in Australia, 9.7 per cent in Chile and 7.7 per cent

in our Jansen Potash Project in Canada.

We have made progress, but there is still work to do. Our priority is to ensure

our workplaces are safe and inclusive for everyone who works for, or with, BHP.

We continue to focus on eliminating incidents of sexual harassment, racism

and bullying through ongoing leader communication, company-wide workforce

training that sets clear expectations about appropriate conduct, and ongoing

work to support impacted people and review policies and processes to

eliminate this unacceptable behaviour.

Innovating for the future

Data and technology, including automation and artificial intelligence, are further

unlocking growth opportunities and enhancing our operating performance,

enabling us to be safer, more efficient and more sustainable. We’re using

autonomous trucks at some of our sites across Western Australia and

Queensland and extending this to Spence and Escondida. At Jimblebar and

Newman, truck automation has resulted in a 90 per cent reduction in heavy

vehicle safety risks.

Through BHP Ventures and the Xplor program, we have increased our investment

in innovation, building partnerships with companies to help us discover innovative

ways to unlock more of the critical minerals needed for the energy transition.

Mining is an industry for today and tomorrow. At BHP, we are already providing

materials and jobs critical to the future and we see clear opportunities to use our

strengths to continue to grow value for shareholders. I am incredibly optimistic

about the future of our company.

Thank you for your continued support.

Mike Henry

Chief Executive Officer

1

Largest copper mineral resources on a contained metal basis, equity share.

Peers include: Anglo American, Antofagasta, Codelco, First Quantum Minerals,

Freeport, Glencore, Rio Tinto, Southern Copper and Teck. Source peers: Wood

Mackenzie Ltd, Q2 2023. Source BHP data: BHP Annual Report 2023.

2

Second largest nickel sulphide resources on a contained metal basis, equity share.

Source peers: MinEx Consulting Global Ni Database, July 2022. Source BHP data:

BHP Annual Report 2023.

3

For more information refer to BHP’s Operational decarbonisation investor briefing

presentation on 21 June 2023, available at bhp.com/operationaldecarbonisation-jun23.:

Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to report on BHP’s FY2023 financial results.

BHP delivered another strong set of results this year despite lower

commodity prices and inflationary pressures. Our underlying attributable

profit was US$13.4 billion, or 265 US cents per share. Underlying EBITDA

remained healthy at US$28 billion while our margin, at 54 per cent, and

return on capital employed, at 29 per cent, remained strong – reflecting the

quality and resilience of our assets, and consistent operating performance.

We continue to deliver strong margins and a consistently high baseline of

cash flow. Over the past decade, we have delivered margins of over 50

per cent – significantly ahead of our nearest competitors – and generated

average net operating cash flows of more than US$20 billion per year.

This stability is a hallmark of our business and demonstrates the quality of

our portfolio and the consistency of our returns.

Ensuring shareholders continue to benefit from our consistent and reliable

performance, we’ve announced a final dividend of 80 US cents per share.

Together with the shareholder dividend for the first half of 90 US cents

per share, the total return to shareholders for FY2023 was US$8.6 billion,

which represented a 64 per cent payout ratio.

The biggest driver of the year-on-year decline in earnings was lower

commodity prices. Iron ore and copper, our two largest segments, saw

prices down 18 per cent and 12 per cent respectively, compared to last

year. We also continued to see the lagged effect of inflation, which had a

negative US$1.7 billion impact.

In areas within our control we performed well. Production was up three per

cent in copper equivalent terms, supported by record annual production at

Western Australia Iron Ore, Spence and Olympic Dam. On the cost front

we met unit cost guidance for the majority of our assets.

During the year, we spent US$7.1 billion on capital and exploration

expenditure, an increase of 16 per cent year on year.

Looking forward, we expect to increase our capital spend as we unlock

productivity, decarbonise our operations and deliver growth in future-

facing commodities. After incorporating the OZ Minerals assets, we now

expect to spend around US$10 billion on capital and exploration in both

the 2024 and 2025 financial years. The majority of this will be directed to

improvement and growth, as we progress Jansen, Copper South Australia

projects and growth in the Pilbara.

We have continued to deliver value. BHP’s total direct economic

contribution in FY2023 was US$54.2 billion. This includes payments

to suppliers, wages and benefits for more than 80,000 employees and

contractors, dividends, taxes, royalties and voluntary investment in

social projects across the communities where we operate.

In FY2023, our tax, royalty and other payments to governments totalled

US$13.8 billion. During the last decade, we paid US$94.2 billion

globally in taxes, royalties and other payments, including US$74.9 billion

(approximately A$101 billion) in Australia. Our global adjusted effective

tax rate in FY2023 was 30.9 per cent. Once royalties are included,

our FY2023 rate increases to 41.3 per cent.

We are proud of our financial and operational performance and the

value we have continued to generate for our shareholders, partners

and stakeholders.

Thank you for your continued support.

David Lamont

Chief Financial Officer

BHP delivered another

strong set of results,

reflecting the quality

and resilience of our

assets, and consistent

operating performance.

Our underlying

attributable profit was

US$13.4 billion, or

265 cents per share.

Underlying EBITDA

was US$28 billion,

at a margin of

54 per cent.”

US$54.2 bn

Our total FY2023 economic contribution

2022: US$82.5 bn

170 US cents

Shareholder dividends per share

2022: 325 US cents

US$13.8 bn

Tax, royalty and other payments to governments

in FY2023

2022: US$17.3 bn

28.8 per cent

Underlying return on capital employed

2022: 48.7 per cent:

letter

to shareholders

116

1

Remuneration governance

118

2

Executive KMP remuneration framework

119

3

Remuneration for the CEO and other Executive KMP

121

4

Remuneration for Non-executive Directors

127

5

Statutory KMP remuneration and other disclosures

128:

Managing Director of Industrial

and Safety, and Finance Director of Wesfarmers Landmark.

Terry brings extensive experience in the development and

oversight of complex frameworks for the identification,

assessment and assurance of risk, a systematic focus

on financial discipline and delivery of attractive returns to

shareholders. Terry has insightful perspectives from working

in industries that impact on consumers, their communities

and policy formation.

Current appointments

Terry is a Non-executive Director of Coles Group Limited

(since October 2022), Chair of the Operations Group

at BGH Capital (since January 2020) and a Director of

Transurban Group (since February 2020), Navitas Pty

Limited (since July 2019) and the West Coast Eagles

Football Club (since May 2017).

Terry

Bowen

BAcct, FCPA, MAICD

Independent Non-

executive Director

since October 2017.

RA NG

Skills and experience

Xiaoqun Clever has over 20 years’ experience in technology

with a focus on software engineering, data and AI,

cybersecurity and digitalisation.

Xiaoqun was formerly Chief Technology Officer of Ringier AG

and ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE and Chief Operating Officer

of Technology and Innovation at SAP and President of SAP

Labs China.

Xiaoqun brings significant expertise in the development,

selection and implementation of business transforming

technology, innovation and assessment of opportunities and

risks in digital disruption. She has knowledge and relationships

across the technology and innovation start-up sector across

Europe, Asia and North America and brings depth to the

Board’s review of managing cybersecurity risks as well as

assessment of opportunities to invest in proven and emerging

technologies in the discovery of new mineral deposits, safer

and more cost-effective processing, and technologies to

reduce GHG emissions and support the energy transition.

Current appointments

Xiaoqun is a Non-executive Director of Amadeus IT Group SA

(since June 2020) and on the Supervisory Board of Infineon

Technologies AG (since February 2020). Xiaoqun is also the

Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of LuxNova Suisse

GmbH (since April 2018).

Xiaoqun

Clever

Diploma in

Computer Science

and International

Marketing, MBA

Independent Non-

executive Director

since October 2020.

RA

Skills and experience

Ken MacKenzie has global executive experience and a

deeply strategic approach, with a focus on operational

excellence, capital discipline and the creation of long-term

shareholder value.

Ken was the: Managing

Managing Director, Acer UK.

Dion brings experience in transforming megatrends into

opportunities and growth and valuable insight on the power

of innovation, technology and data. Dion’s experience also

demonstrates insights into strategy development in the

global energy transition, where safety, decarbonisation and

stakeholder management are critical.

Current appointments

Dion is a Non-executive Director of Intel Corporation (since

June 2020), a Non-executive Director of Thermo Fisher

Scientific Inc. (since March 2017) and a Non-executive

Director of Sapia & Co Ltd (since January 2022).

Dion

Weisler

BASc (Computing),

Honorary Doctor

of Laws

Independent Non-

executive Director

since June 2020.

S

PR

Skills and experience

Christine O’Reilly has over 30 years’ experience in the

financial and infrastructure sectors, with deep financial and

public policy expertise and experience in large-scale capital

projects and transformational strategy.

Christine was the Chief Executive Officer of the GasNet

Australia Group and Co-Head of Unlisted Infrastructure

Investments at Colonial First State Global Asset

Management, following an early career in investment

banking and audit at Price Waterhouse. Christine has also

served as a Non-executive Director of Medibank Private

Limited (from March 2014 to November 2021), Transurban

Group (from April 2012 to October 2020), CSL Limited

(from February 2011 to October 2020) and Energy Australia

Holdings Limited (from September 2012 to August 2018).

Christine has a deep understanding of financial drivers

of the businesses and experience in capital allocation

discipline across sectors that have long dated paybacks

for shareholders and stakeholders. Her insights into cost

efficiency and cash flow as well as the impact of policy on

innovation, investment and project development are key

inputs for the Board.

Current appointments

Christine is a Non-executive Director of Australia and New

Zealand Banking Group (since November 2021), Stockland

Limited (since August 2018), and the Baker Heart and

Diabetes Institute (since June 2013).

Christine

O’Reilly

BBus

Independent Non-

executive Director

since October 2020.

NG

PR

RA

Skills and experience

Stefanie Wilkinson was appointed Group Company

Secretary effective March 2021. Prior to joining BHP,

Stefanie was a Partner at Herbert Smith Freehills, a firm

she was with for 15 years, specialising in corporate law

and governance for listed companies. Earlier in her career,

Stefanie was a solicitor at Allen & Overy in the Middle

East. Stefanie is a fellow of the Governance Institute

of Australia.

Stefanie

Wilkinson

BA, LLB (Hons),

LLM, FGIA

Group Company

Secretary since

March 2021.

Skills and experience

Catherine Tanna has more than 30 years’ experience in the

resources, oil and gas, power generation and retailing sectors.

Catherine was formerly: Managing

letter of appointment that contains the terms

on which Non-executive Directors will be appointed, including the

basis upon which they will be indemnified by the Group. The: letter of

appointment defines the role of

letter

to shareholders

116

1

Remuneration governance

118

2

Executive KMP remuneration framework

119

2.1

How the remuneration framework is set

119

2.2

Remuneration framework operation

119

2.3

Remuneration mix

120

3

Remuneration for the CEO and other Executive KMP

121

3.1

FY2023 remuneration received by the CEO

121

3.2

FY2023 CDP performance outcomes

121

3.3

FY2023 LTIP performance outcomes

125

3.4

Overarching discretion and vesting underpin

125

3.5

LTIP allocated during FY2023

126

3.6

FY2024 remuneration for the CEO and other

Executive KMP

126

4

Remuneration for Non-executive Directors

127

4.1

Remuneration framework of Non-executive Directors

127

4.2

Non-executive Directors’ remuneration in FY2023

and FY2024

127

5

Statutory KMP remuneration and other disclosures

128

5.1

KMP remuneration table

128

5.2

Equity awards

129

5.3

Estimated value range of equity awards

130

5.4

Ordinary shareholdings and transactions

130

5.5

Prohibition on hedging of BHP shares and

equity instruments

131

5.6

Share ownership guidelines and the MSR

131

5.7

Transactions with KMP

131

Abbreviation

Item

AGM

Annual General Meeting

CDP

Cash and Deferred Plan

CEO

Chief Executive Officer

DEP

Dividend equivalent payment

ELT

Executive Leadership Team

GHG

Greenhouse gas

HSEC

Health, safety, environment and community

IFRS

International Financial Reporting Standards

Abbreviation

Item

KMP

Key Management Personnel

LTIP

Long-Term Incentive Plan

MAP

Management Award Plan

MSR

Minimum shareholding requirement

ROCE

Return on capital employed

S&S

Safety and sustainability

TSR

Total shareholder return:

letter to shareholders: Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to introduce BHP’s Remuneration Report for the financial year to 30 June 2023.

During FY2023, the Remuneration Committee (Committee) continued to focus on achieving

remuneration outcomes that both fairly reflect the performance of BHP and the contribution of our

employees, and are aligned with the interests of shareholders and other key stakeholders.

Our approach and framework

In a year where we have reported two tragic fatalities, it is important we draw on our performance-

based remuneration framework for BHP executives, which reinforces that health and safety is our most

pressing priority. Understandably, and with the support of management, there has been an impact on

remuneration outcomes from these events. Further detail is provided below.

More broadly, the Committee is focused on a remuneration approach that supports the Group’s global

strategy and enables us to attract, retain and motivate our executives while incentivising them to build a

long-term sustainable and value-adding business. This is critical to delivering the best outcomes for all

BHP shareholders.

As BHP is a global organisation, the Committee is also mindful of navigating the remuneration priorities

and expectations of our executives and shareholders in multiple jurisdictions. At the 2022 AGM, we pleasingly received strong support for our remuneration

framework and outcomes, with over 97 per cent voting in favour of the Remuneration Report.

FY2023 represents the fourth year of operating our revised remuneration framework and we believe it is continuing to serve shareholders well. The key

changes to variable remuneration for the CEO that took effect from 1 July 2019 were to significantly reduce the LTIP grant size from 400 per cent of base

salary (on a face value basis) to 200 per cent, and to rebalance to a CDP award with a long-term focus. The CDP award is determined by a balanced

scorecard and is delivered one-third as a cash award and two-thirds as an equity award that is deferred equally for two-year and five-year periods.

This structure aligns participants’ incentive remuneration with performance over the short, medium and long-term.

As of 1 July 2023, the Committee has become the People and Remuneration Committee. The focus on people has expanded and includes overseeing the

implementation of the Group’s key strategies and policies relating to people, including for the attraction, recruitment, motivation and retention of employees,

remuneration, employee engagement, leadership and talent development, industrial relations and employee conduct.

Performance

The tragic deaths of two of our colleagues during the year have been deeply felt. Our absolute priority remains to eliminate fatalities and serious injuries at BHP.

Our financial results for the year were strong, underpinned by reliable production together with capital and cost discipline as we managed lower commodity

prices and inflationary pressures. Our balance sheet is robust and deliberately positioned to support portfolio growth in the commodities the world needs for

population growth, urbanisation and decarbonisation.

In Canada, our investment in potash progresses at pace with first production at Jansen on track for the latter half of 2026, and we are creating a new copper

province in South Australia following the acquisition of OZ Minerals. We are investing strategically in new ideas, technologies and countries through exploration

and early-stage copper and nickel prospects to capture future growth opportunities.

We continue to build an inclusive, high-performance culture and a more sustainable business, which are key to our future competitiveness and ability to deliver

sector-leading returns. Today, more than 35 per cent of our employees are female and we have increased Indigenous representation globally. We are taking

action to reduce our operational GHG emissions through renewable electricity supplies and supporting the development of electric trucks, trains and light

vehicles. As of today, BHP has among the lowest absolute operational GHG emissions of the major miners.

Commodity demand has remained relatively robust in China and India even as developed world economies have slowed substantially. In the near term,

China’s trajectory is contingent on the effectiveness of recent policy measures. We expect buoyant growth in India with strong construction activity underpinning

an expansion in steelmaking capacity. More broadly, there is increased recognition of the importance of critical minerals and strategies across the globe to

incentivise investment in supply and demand, which provides opportunities and challenges.

FY2023 CDP

The FY2023 CDP scorecard used to assess Mike Henry’s annual performance comprises stretching performance measures based on three elements

– safety and sustainability (S&S, referred to in prior years as HSEC), financial and personal performance with respect to delivering a number of group

performance elements. The Committee assessed the CEO’s performance against these scorecard elements, which resulted in a FY2023 CDP outcome

of 96 per cent against a target of 100 per cent (and 64 per cent of the maximum). Despite strong financial performance and having progressed a number

of important strategic objectives, the CEO was uncomfortable with this level of award in the current environment and, having reflected on the two fatalities

during the year after a four-year period of no fatalities, expressed his view to the Committee that it should consider a reduced CDP outcome for him of 90

per cent. The Committee took on board this feedback and exercised its downward discretion to determine a final outcome of 90 per cent against a target of

100 per cent (and 60 per cent of the maximum). The Board and Committee believe this outcome is appropriately aligned with BHP’s values, the shareholder

experience, and the interests of the Group’s other key stakeholders.

For the S&S measures, the outcome took into account the two tragic fatalities at BHP’s operated sites during FY2023. The weighting for significant HSEC

events is 10 per cent of a total 25 per cent for the S&S measures. A negative 10 per cent impact was applied (before a further downwards discretion was

applied as described above) and resulted in a zero outcome for significant HSEC events in FY2023. The progress in mitigating significant HSEC events

during the year has otherwise been sound, with continued progress on the implementation of controls for sexual harassment, but with more to be done.

For the sustainability measures within S&S, strong progress was made against both our climate change and Indigenous partnerships targets, and as a

consequence of this, the CDP scorecard assessment for the S&S measures overall was 22 per cent out of a target of 25 per cent.

For the financial measures, after fully eliminating the impacts of commodity prices during the year, operating performance at our assets was slightly below the

challenging targets set at the commencement of the year. The CDP scorecard assessment for the financial measure was 47 per cent out of a target of 50 per cent.

The financial measures outcome includes a negative 3 per cent impact from the costs of remediating the two issues relating to employee entitlements and

allowances announced on 1 June 2023. These issues, dating back a number of years, affect a number of our current and former employees in Australia.

Further detail is discussed in 6.6 People. Based on currently available information, the cost of remediating these issues is estimated to be US$280 million pre-tax,

incorporating on-costs including associated superannuation and interest payments and this has been reflected in the Group’s FY2023 financial results. BHP has

self-reported to the Fair Work Ombudsman and engaged Protiviti, a global assurance firm, which is currently undertaking a thorough review of our payroll systems.

We will monitor the outcome of the review and engagement with the regulatory authorities and these may consequently impact remuneration outcomes in the future.

From a personal contribution perspective, the Committee considered Mike Henry’s performance against his group measures. These included projects and

initiatives in respect of social value, people, performance and portfolio. The Committee considered Mike’s performance against his group objectives was

slightly ahead of expectations and assessed it as 27 per cent against the target of 25 per cent.

Christine O’Reilly

Chair, People

and Remuneration

Committee

letter of appointment that contains the terms on which Non-executive Directors will be appointed, including the basis upon which

they will be indemnified by the Group. The Board has adopted a policy under which all Non-executive Directors must seek re-election at the AGM each year.

As a result of requiring re-election each year, Non-executive Directors do not have a fixed term in their: letter of appointment.

The maximum aggregate fees payable to Non-executive

