letter we wrote about our

ambitions to grow by taking advantage of opportunities within the

Sibanye-Stillwater Limited group (Sibanye-Stillwater), particularly

in the PGM-from-tailings space. Sibanye-Stillwater allowed us to

review the viability of a number of non-core, mature assets that

did not form part of any of their own near-term development

plans. Our team, working with Sibanye-Stillwater, identified two

very attractive projects which we have since offered to develop.

Execution is not simple though. While attractive and robust, the

projects, which focus mostly on chrome, are integrated within

existing Sibanye-Stillwater projects and their development still

needs to be agreed upon. There are also certain market dynamics

of supply and demand which need careful consideration together

with logistical arrangements that are not straightforward. The

concentrate that would be produced would need to meet very

specific parameters to fit the mix that Sibanye-Stillwater requires.

Although the decision as to whether we get to move ahead with

this opportunity is very much that of Sibanye-Stillwater, the

experience of reviewing this project in itself was not without value.

It is clear that our team has developed the ability to identify value

which conventionally is not that apparent and, in an industry

where the standards of environmental governance that are now

demanded are a few notches above that which was envisaged

when many operations started, applying the earning capacity of

tailings as currency toward closure and the enhancement of

biodiversity – areas in which many corporations have limited

knowledge and experience – could become an interesting part of

our value proposition. We see opportunity where this unique skill

set could be offered as a service to assist large mining groups to

activate the earning potential of their mine-waste through the

repurposing of mature infrastructure to offer a solution both

commercially, environmentally and reputationally. Work to

document the impact that our process has on enhancing

biodiversity is being undertaken at Driefontein 5 dam and we

believe that this could serve as a model for expanding our reach

as tailings retreatment specialists. We will continue to look for

ways to grow further through leveraging our experience,

reputation and relationships.

In conclusion we pause to reflect on South Africa as an investment

jurisdiction, especially in view of the very large investments and

capital commitments we plan for the near and medium term. The

picture is far from ideal with the Fraser Institute’s 2022 mining

survey placing South Africa very close to the bottom of the list of

the world’s investment jurisdictions. However, our view is that the

potential of a jurisdiction from an investment perspective is not

just a function of political and mining regulatory governance.

South Africa has an exceptionally influential and dynamic private

sector, and many companies in South Africa match the

performance of their international peers on the back of solid

performance and results.

They do so by finding innovative solutions for gaps in political

delivery and are becoming increasingly prominent in the high-

risk areas of combating crime (especially illegal mining and theft

in the mining industry) and the ‘construction and tender mafia’,

restoring logistics and supplementing our failing national

electricity utility. By way of example, it is said that private

investment in photovoltaic power in South Africa has doubled

the output of renewable power in the 12 months from March

2022, and that there is now an estimated 4.4 gigawatt of

installed solar power capacity in the country – the equivalent of

two stages of load shedding (where South Africa currently

experiences very daunting electricity loading shedding that

varies between Stage 2 and Stage 6).

The private sector is systematically extending its influence over

strategic services and infrastructure and in so doing, reducing

the risk of an absent and incompetent state. Naturally we would

prefer that we did not have to expend capital and effort on

addressing these kinds of external challenges but doing so

nonetheless improves our resilience as a company and places a

premium on our ability to innovate as well as mitigate the

prevailing risks - which is something that this Company has

thrived on.

We are also witnessing, although gradually and at the moment

mostly at local level, the emergence of a younger, externally

focused political leadership eager to collaborate with the private

sector and intent on lifting the quality of service-delivery. So, while

we are by no stretch of the imagination out of the woods, it is clear

that the mindset of South Africans is changing toward a more

independent, doing-it-for-themselves attitude. This has certainly

been our attitude for quite some time, and it has stood us in good

stead thus far.

Finally, during FY2023, both management and the Board paid

close attention to the development of the Global Industry

Standard on Tailings Management (GISTM) and its principles and

requirements. We have assessed all our active TSFs against this

code and have uploaded our progress and findings on our website

for further scrutiny by interested parties.

In closing we would like to thank our management teams and staff

for their efforts in delivering results against challenging conditions,

our Board for their guidance and attention to the Company’s

strategy and operations. We also thank our shareholders for their

continued support and look forward to further engagements as

we continue to pursue our vision and strategies for the Company

and, in the process, help to responsibly roll back mining's

environmental legacy.

Timothy Cumming / Chairman

Niël Pretorius / Chief Executive Officer

30 October 2023

LEADERSHIP REVIEW continued

DRDGOLD Annual Integrated Report 2023

10:

Managing Director on 1 April 2008. Niël also serves

as an elected board member of the Minerals Council South Africa.

Riaan Davel joined DRDGOLD in January 2015, before which he gained 17 years’ experience in the

professional services industry, the majority obtained in the mining industry in Africa. As part of his

experience, Riaan provided assurance and advisory services, including support and training on the

International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) to clients and teams across the African

continent.

He spent seven years at KPMG as an audit partner, performing, inter alia, audits of listed

companies in the mining industry, including SEC registrants. Riaan also has experience as an IFRS

technical partner and represented the South African Institute of Chartered Accountants on the

International Accounting Standards Board’s project on Extractive Activities from 2003 to 2010.

Riaan also served on committees that update the South African Code for the Reporting of

Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves (the SAMREC Code).

As Chief Financial Officer, he is playing an important role in directing DRDGOLD’s strategic growth

so that environmental impact is delivered in tandem with value for the Company, its shareholders,

as well as society as a whole, by adopting and applying the best practicable environmental options,

as well as monitoring, evaluating and reporting the success of the mitigation measures applied.

The DRDGOLD Annual Integrated Report, which Riaan oversees, has been ranked in the “Excellent”

category at the EY Excellence in Integrated Reporting Awards for the third consecutive time in

September 2023. Riaan was a nominee for the CFO of the Year at the CFO Awards 2022.

DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT

DRDGOLD Annual Integrated Report 2023

99:

Managing Director: Ergo Mining

Proprietary Limited

Shalin Naidoo joined DRDGOLD as Chief

Information and Technology Officer on 2

November 2021. Ranked amongst South Africa’s

Top 8 Visionary CIOs by the institute of IT

Professionals in South Africa (IITPSA) and

International Data Corporation CIO of the Year in

2019, he has 10 years’ experience in leadership and

strategy. He has worked previously in the mining

sector for Anglo American Platinum and Tronox.

Henry Gouws is the: Managing

Managing Director: Far West Gold

Recoveries Proprietary Limited

Mark Burrell is the Financial Director of Ergo. Mark

holds a BCom Accounting degree and has

completed a Management Development

Programme and has over 25 years’ experience in

the mining sector. He joined DRDGOLD in 2004 on

a consulting basis and later that year, was

appointed as Financial Manager of the

Blyvooruitzicht operation. He was appointed as

Financial Director of Ergo in January 2012. Mark

serves as a director on the board of Rand Refinery

Proprietary Limited.

Kevin Kruger has 34 years’ experience in the mining

industry in Africa. He joined the mining industry in

January 1987 as a second year engineering student.

Kevin graduated from the University of

Witwatersrand at the end of 1989 obtaining his BSc

(Mechanical Engineering) and his government

certificate of Competency (mines) during 1993.

Kevin was appointed as junior engineer in

December 1989, section engineer in March 1994

and engineer in September 1994. He was

appointed as engineering manager in 2003, general

manager- technical services in 2004 and managing

director in Chizimgold in 2010. On 1 October 2013

he was appointed as Technical Director at Ergo

where he was responsible for the environmental,

health and safety, mineral resources and

engineering portfolios. On 1 August 2018, Kevin

was appointed: Managing

letter and purport of the

law.

Key focus areas are:

• Increased alignment with the conscripts of Empowering Sustainable Decisions, World Gold Council

Responsible Mining Principles and the UN Sustainable Development Goals

• Accurate, reliable, complete and fairly presented financial and non-financial reporting in accordance

with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and its Integrated Reporting Framework

• Compliance with our JSE and NYSE listings requirements and reporting standards

• Safe and responsible tailings management

Code of Conduct

We believe in disclosure and transparency and the moral principles that govern our behaviour in

accordance with our Code of Conduct (Code). The changes to our business have necessitated an

update to the Code, which continues to outline our values; how we aim to conduct our business; the

way in which we behave and the rights our business partners can expect in our dealings with them.

The Code is based on DRDGOLD’s values of unity, integrity, commitment and accountability and

describes the following fundamental principles that should govern our everyday business conduct:

• Fair dealing and integrity in conducting our business

• Promoting a corporate culture that is open

• Socially and environmentally responsible behaviour

The Code is available on the DRDGOLD website, distributed to all new employees and is included in

the induction video, which all employees are required to watch annually.

Whistleblowing hotline

DRDGOLD has created an anonymous and confidential environment for employees to report on

workplace corruption through a tip-off hotline facilitated through Deloitte. Clear and unambiguous

procedures govern both the reporting and investigation of alleged and proven improper or illegal

activities at DRDGOLD, as well as ensuring that "whistleblowers" are protected. Under no

circumstances will the identity of the person who provided the information be revealed. The

compliance officer will be responsible for investigating tip-offs as well as informing relevant parties of

findings in connection with the alleged misconduct and if required, a full investigation will be

undertaken and appropriate corrective actions will be implemented. Posters are also put up in the

workplace to remind employees of the importance of ethical behaviour, the existence of the hotline

and the procedures to follow should they witness unethical conduct. In the current financial year, we

did not receive any tip-offs of any instances of possible unethical behaviour via the hotline.

Fines and incidences of corruption

The Company's officers and employees are expected to comply with applicable laws in all countries to

which they travel; in those where they operate and in those where the Company does business. An

anti-corruption policy is in place and communicated to employees on a regular basis. Annually, we

engage an external consultant to present our annual ethics refresher training to encourage our

employees to continue acting in good faith, with utmost honesty and integrity.

DRDGOLD did not receive any fines of monetary value or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance

and was not involved in any incidences of corruption in FY2023.

Non-compliance with laws and regulations

There were no regulatory penalties, sanctions or fines for contraventions of, or non-compliance with

any statutory obligations. No adverse compliance inspections by environmental regulators took place

during the period under review and no incidences of non-compliance with environmental laws were

identified.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

DRDGOLD Annual Integrated Report 2023

105:

LETTER

It is with pleasure that I present DRDGOLD’s annual remuneration

report for FY2023 on behalf of the Remuneration Committee and

the Board.

This report contains two sections. Part A focuses on remuneration

governance and policy while Part B focuses on the remuneration

of Executive Directors, Prescribed Officers, Senior Management,

and fees paid to Non-executive Directors.

The Company’s Remuneration Policy is designed to align the

interests of management with that of the Company’s stakeholders

by pulling performance toward a singular shared purpose,

qualified by measured deliverables serving the broader

stakeholder body, continued to drive positive outcomes and

delivery on strategy.

The Company met most of its performance metrics during the

year under review, testimony to the value of aligning the

remuneration strategy with both individual and Company

performance.

During the year under review:

• The Remuneration Policy and Implementation Report were

tabled for non-binding advisory votes and the Directors' fees

were tabled as a special resolution at the Annual General

Meeting (AGM) held on 29 November 2022 and approved. The

results were as follows:

• Endorsement of the Remuneration Policy: Votes in favour –

98.98%

• Endorsement of the Implementation Report: Votes in favour

– 99.1%

• Approval of Non-executive Directors’ remuneration: Votes in

favour – 94.0%

• The Remuneration Committee after various consultations with

the assistance of independent consultants, Bowmans, approved

the adoption of a Single Incentive Policy which incorporates a

deferred share plan. The rules of the policy replace the current

short-term and long-term incentive scheme.The eligibility

criteria are aligned with the strategic objectives of the Company

and the policy aims to ensure that the Company attracts,

retains, and motivates qualified and capable eligible employees

to achieve its objectives. The policy is subject to shareholder

approval at the 2023 AGM and will take effect from 1 July 2024.

• The Remuneration Committee notes increased

recommendations of the disclosure of pay parity ratios to

enhance transparency and assess the fairness of our

remuneration policy and its ability to address inequalities,

particularly on gender and race. The Committee also

acknowledges the contents of the revised Companies

Amendment Bill which seeks to achieve transparent disclosure

of remuneration gaps of executives and workers through the

disclosure of specified pay parity ratios

We engaged the services of Deloitte to assist us in compiling the

pay parity ratios in terms of the newly issued JSE Sustainability

Disclosure Guide. Results from this process are currently being

reviewed and will be tabled and considered at the upcoming

Remuneration Committee meetings.

The Committee continues to proactively review and monitor

remuneration practices within the Company as well as guidelines,

regulation and legislation affecting disclosure to ensure fair and

responsible remuneration and transparent disclosure.

Lastly, I would like to confirm that your Remuneration Committee

acknowledges the value that is added to the business through the

application of fair remuneration strategies and remains

absolutely committed to upholding good corporate governance

and remuneration best practice, in line with the guidelines

provided by the King Committee on Corporate Governance.

Jean Nel / Remuneration Committee Chairman

30 October 2023

REMUNERATION REPORT

DRDGOLD Annual Integrated Report 2023

116:

