Dear Shareholders

The key mission of our Board is to promote

a sustainable Company which can generate

long-term value for our stakeholders in

accordance with our Purpose and Values.

When we announced our financial results

for last year, the headlines reflected the

comparison between the 2023 outturn with

that of a record 2022. It was clear on a

comparative basis that the 2023 financial

results were going to be more of a return to

normal, however, not only was the financial

outcome healthy but in overall terms our

Company continues to make good progress

on key objectives.

AGM in May. This plan is the result of

extensive engagement last year with

stakeholders, who voiced broad support for

our climate approach, recognising the

importance of maintaining a strategy that

remains resilient to the risks and

opportunities of the evolving energy

transition. We are pleased to have introduced

an additional emissions reduction target for

2030 and will continue our efforts to achieve

our existing targets and long-term ambition.

Investigations and monitorships

The two independent compliance monitors

mandated by our resolutions with the US

Department of Justice began their work in

mid-2023. We have dedicated substantial

effort and resources to enable constructive

engagement with the monitors and their

teams and will continue our active

cooperation throughout the coming year.

Over the last number of years, we have

invested heavily to improve our Ethics and

Compliance Programme and are committed

to continuing to enhance the Programme. We

will provide further information in our separate

Ethics and Compliance Report for 2023.

The work of the Investigations Committee

remains a Board priority with regard to the

ongoing investigations by the Swiss and

Dutch authorities. The timing and outcome

of these investigations remains uncertain.

Business strategy

The Company believes that the best

approach for growth in our industrial

business is to consider promising acquisition

opportunities while progressing potential

organic growth opportunities in our existing

transition metals portfolio.

In M&A, newsflow was inevitably dominated

last year by our interactions with Teck

Resources Limited (Teck). The Board was

disappointed that we were unable to engage

on our proposal for a complete merger/

Health and safety

Safeguarding the health and safety of

our people is the first priority for the Company.

The report from our HSEC Committee (see

page 132) sets out the continued extensive

work we are carrying out to improve our

performance. Despite our continued efforts, we

are disappointed and saddened to again report

fourΔ tragic occupational fatalities across our

business. We are determined to meet our

ambition of achieving zero work-related

fatalities and continue to look to see how we

can improve our systems and processes and

further embed them across our operations.

Our efforts in respect of our tailings storage

facilities (TSFs) are also very significant and

important. During 2023, we reported on our

conformance to the Global Industry

Standard on Tailings Management (GISTM)

for our TSFs with ‘Very High’ or ‘Extreme’

Consequence Classifications, meeting the

deadline set by the ICMM. Based on our

ongoing TSF management systems and the

independent third-party assessments that

we have in place, we believe that we have

identified the relevant gaps and are seeking

to manage these appropriately.

Climate strategy

The Board remains committed to

implementing our climate strategy.

Alongside this Annual Report, we are today

publishing our updated Climate Action

Transition Plan, which will be put to an

advisory vote of shareholders at the 2024

See further information at

glencore.com/publications

2023 Glencore Annual Report

4

Strategic Report

Corporate Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information:

letter provides a

detailed overview of the Remuneration Policy

review and other key areas of Remuneration

Committee focus during the year.

Remuneration Policy changes for

2024–2026

Remuneration for the Executive

Director (CEO)

During 2023, the Remuneration Committee

spent a considerable amount of time

evaluating different approaches to Executive

Remuneration for the CEO ahead of putting

the new Remuneration Policy to a binding

resolution at the 2024 AGM. There are some

important changes to which I would like to

draw your attention.

Since 2021, Glencore has operated an annual

bonus (with performance assessed based on

a scorecard of financial and non-financial

measures) and a Restricted Share Plan,

which broadly reflect UK market practice. In

addition, Glencore has incorporated best

practices, including post-exit shareholding

requirements and CEO pension alignment

with the local Swiss workforce.

As a global producer and marketer of

commodities, the Company’s unique value

proposition lies in its diversified model,

spanning various geographies, products, and

activities. This diversification is not just a

hallmark of our identity but also a significant

driver of complexity and volatility even

beyond that of other large diversified miners.

This demands exceptional leadership and a

more dynamic and holistic approach to the

assessment of performance that recognises

the market realities and the macroeconomic

conditions annually and over the long term.

Our rationale is set out below:

• Firstly, Glencore’s strategy is focused on

long-term value creation. Success

depends on capital discipline and risk

management; effective execution of

projects and production; investment in

transition-enabling commodities that

support the decarbonisation of energy

usage and help meet the commodity

demands for everyday life; and agile

commercial responses to external

circumstances in both the industrial and

trading businesses. Executive

remuneration arrangements should

therefore reward sustainable long-term

value creation aligned with the

shareholder experience, rather than

short-term, volatile financial outcomes.

• Secondly, rigid scorecards with fixed

performance metrics and weightings

reinforce a disproportionate and limited

focus only on the selected measures. This

does not effectively reward making the

difficult operational and commercial

decisions that are necessary in pursuit of

long-term value maximisation.

• Lastly, the volatility in our commodity and

energy markets is a ‘new normal’ rather

than a temporary trend. Traditional

measures of financial performance are

For the year ended 31 December 2023

Martin Gilbert

Chair

Other members

Kalidas Madhavpeddi

Cynthia Carroll

David Wormsley

Dear Shareholder,

This report is split into three sections:

1. This introduction;

2. The Directors’ remuneration report

(subject to an advisory vote at the

2024 AGM); and

3. The new Directors’ Remuneration

Policy (Remuneration Policy) (subject

to a binding vote at the 2024 AGM)

2023 Glencore Annual Report

134

Strategic Report

Corporate Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information:

Director's 2023 bonus deferred into shares, which was granted

in 2023 as disclosed above.

Plan

Date of

award

Interests

at

1 January

2023

Interests

awarded

during the

year

Interests

vested

during the

year

Interests

lapsed

during the

year

Interests

outstanding

at

31 December

2023

Date at

which

award

vests

Gary Nagle

21 LTIP

1/7/21

461,108

–

–

461,108

30/06/24

22 LTIP

14/03/22

833,556

–

–

–

833,556

13/03/25

23 LTIP

23/03/23

–

608,622

–

–

608,622

22/03/26

21 bonus

deferred shares 14/03/22

216,667

–

–

–

216,667

13/03/25

22 bonus

deferred shares 23/03/23

–

316,399

–

–

316,399

22/03/26

Total

1,511,331

925,021

–

–

2,436,352

Share ownership guidelines

Glencore is founded on an ownership ethos and the Remuneration Committee therefore

promotes the critical importance of aligning the interests of the CEO with those of

shareholders. The aim is to encourage the build-up of a meaningful shareholding in the

Company over time from purchases in the market and/or by retaining shares received

through the Restricted Share Plan, pursuant to which vested shares cannot be sold until the

later of five years from the date of award or two years post-departure.

In line with the current Remuneration Policy, the in-post shareholding requirement for the

CEO is 500% of salary, pursuant to which the CEO is required to retain the lower of: (1) actual

shareholding on stepping down from the Board and (2) such shares as then represent the

policy level of 500% of salary for two years after stepping down (although the Board may

relax this requirement in appropriate cases) with such policy enforceable through a

requirement to lodge such shares at the Company’s request.

Subject to shareholder approval of the proposed Remuneration Policy at the 2024 AGM, the

in-post shareholding requirement for the CEO will be increased to 525% of salary. Please see

‘Part 3 – Directors Remuneration Policy’ for further details.

Director

Beneficially

owned shares

as at 31 Dec 2023

Shareholding

requirement

(as % of salary)

Current

shareholding

(as % of salary)1

Shareholding

requirement met?

Gary Nagle

2,000,000

500%

647%

Yes

1. The share price of £4.72 and the exchange rate of £1=US$1.27 as at 31 December 2023 have been used

for the purpose of calculating the current shareholding as a percentage of salary. Unvested awards do

not count towards the satisfaction of the shareholding guidelines.

Directors’ remuneration report continued

2023 Glencore Annual Report

147

Strategic Report

Corporate Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information:

letter of appointment and re-election

All Non-Executive Directors have letters of appointment with the Company for an initial

period of three years from their date of appointment, subject to re-election at each AGM. The

Company may terminate each appointment by immediate notice and there are no special

arrangements or entitlements on termination except that the Chairman is entitled to three

months’ notice. Copies of the: letter of appointment for Non-Executive

letter

In our opinion, the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with

the provisions of the UK Companies Act 2006 as if that Act had applied to the company.

13. Corporate Governance Statement

Based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that each of the following elements of the Corporate

Governance Statement is materially consistent with the financial statements and our knowledge obtained during the audit:

• the directors’ statement with regards to the appropriateness of adopting the going concern basis of accounting and any

material uncertainties identified (set out on page 163);

• the directors’ explanation as to their assessment of the Group’s prospects, the period this assessment covers and why the

period is appropriate (set out on page 110);

• the directors' statement on fair, balanced and understandable (set out on page 164);

• the board’s confirmation that it has carried out a robust assessment of the emerging and principal risks (set out on page 128);

• the section of the annual report that describes the review of effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems

(set out on pages 105-118); and

• the section describing the work of the audit committee (set out on pages 129-130).

14. Matters on which we are required to report by exception

Adequacy of explanations received and accounting records

Under the Companies (Jersey) Law, 1991 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

• we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or

• proper accounting records have not been kept by the parent company, or proper returns adequate for our audit have not

been received from branches not visited by us; or

• the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns.

We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.

15. Other matters which we are required to address

15.1 Auditor tenure

We were appointed by the Board of Directors on 22 August 2011 to audit the financial statements of Glencore plc for the year

ending 31 December 2011 and subsequent financial periods. Following a competitive tender process run by the Audit

Committee in 2021, we were reappointed as auditor of Glencore plc for the year ended 31 December 2022 and subsequent

years. The period of total uninterrupted engagement including previous renewals and reappointments of the firm as auditor of

Glencore plc is 13 years, covering the years ending 31 December 2011 to 31 December 2023. The lead audit partner has rotated

three times during this period, with the most recent rotation being after the 2022 audit.

15.2 Consistency of the audit report with the additional report to the Audit Committee

Our audit opinion is consistent with the additional reporting to the audit committee we are required to provide in accordance

with ISAs (UK).

16. Use of our report

This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Article 113A of the Companies (Jersey) Law,

1991. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members those matters we are required to

state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or

assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this

report, or for the opinions we have formed.

As required by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule (DTR) 4.1.15R – DTR 4.1.18R,

these financial statements form part of the Electronic Format Annual Financial Report filed on the National Storage

Mechanism of the FCA in accordance with DTR 4.1.15R – DTR 4.1.18R. This auditor’s report provides no assurance over whether

the Electronic Format Annual Financial Report has been prepared in compliance with DTR 4.1.15R – DTR 4.1.18R. We have

provided assurance on whether the Electronic Format Annual Financial Report has been prepared in compliance with DTR

4.1.15R – DTR 4.1.18R and will publicly report separately to the members on this.

Robert Topley FCA

for and on behalf of Deloitte LLP

Recognised Auditor

London, United Kingdom

20 March 2024

Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Glencore Plc continued

Strategic Report

Corporate Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information

2023 Glencore Annual Report

179:

letter of credit on behalf of Glencore and act as the paying party upon delivery of

product by the supplier and Glencore will subsequently settle the liability directly with the financial institution, generally from 30 up to

90 days after physical supply. Judgement is required to determine the most appropriate classification and presentation of these

transactions within the statements of cash flows and financial position. In determining the appropriate classification, management

considers the underlying economic substance of the transaction and the significance of the financing element to the transaction.

Typically, the economic substance of the transaction is determined to be operating in nature where the financing element is

insignificant and the time frame in which the original arrangement is extended by is consistent and within supply terms commonly

provided in the market up to 90 days. As a result, the entire cash flow is presented as operating in the statement of cash flows with a

corresponding trade payable in the statement of financial position. As at 31 December 2023, trade payables include $6,860 million

(2022: $7,504 million) of such liabilities arising from supplier financing arrangements, the weighted average of which extended

settlement of the original payable to 77 days (2022: 67 days) after physical supply and are due for settlement 24 days (2022: 35 days)

after year end. There was no significant exposure to any individual financial institution under these arrangements. These payables are

not included within net funding and net debt as defined in the APMs section. Should the substance of the transaction be determined

to be financing in nature, it is presented as short-term borrowings and the resulting cash movements presented as financing in the

statement of cash flows.

(iii) Classification of physical liquefied natural gas (LNG) purchase and sale contracts (notes 28 and 29)

Judgement is required to determine the appropriate classification of physical LNG purchase and sale contracts as being measured

within the scope of IFRS 9 at fair value through profit and loss or as executory contracts. This requires an assessment of whether the

contracts to buy or sell LNG (a non-financial item) can be settled net in cash or with another financial instrument, or by exchanging

financial instruments, as if the contracts were financial instruments, and whether there is a past practice of net settling similar

contracts. Those physical LNG contracts that can be net settled are considered to be derivatives, measured at fair value through profit

or loss (see notes 28 and 29). Contracts that do not meet the definition of derivatives are considered own-use contracts and are to be

accounted for as executory contracts. Differing conclusions around classification of these contracts, may materially impact their

presentation as financial assets or liabilities and any fair value adjustments recognised through profit and loss. As at 31 December

2023, the net fair value of physical LNG contracts on the statement of financial position is $760 million (2022: $2,533 million),

comprising a $760 million forward physical asset and a $Nil forward physical liability (2022: $2,552 million forward physical asset and

$19 million forward physical liability). No physical LNG forward contracts were accounted for as executory contracts.

(iv) Investigations by regulatory and enforcement authorities and claims against the Company in connection with the

investigations – Critical judgement in relation to whether a present obligation exists (note 32).

Strategic Report

Corporate Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information

188

2023 Glencore Annual Report:

letter of credit or b) the guarantor by way of issuing a bank guarantee accepting responsibility

for Glencore’s contractual obligations. Similarly, Glencore is required to post rehabilitation and pension guarantees in respect of some

of these future, primarily industrial, long-term obligations. As at 31 December 2023, $7,207 million (2022: $7,965 million) of

procurement and $4,667 million (2022: $4,256 million) of rehabilitation and pension commitments have been issued on behalf of

Glencore, which will generally be settled simultaneously with the payment for such commodity and rehabilitation and pension

obligations.

Astron-related commitments

As part of the regulatory approval process relating to the acquisition of a 75% shareholding in Astron Energy, Glencore and Astron

Energy entered into certain commitments (subject to variation for good cause) with the South Africa Competition Tribunal and the

South African Economic Development Department. These commitments include investment expenditure of up to ZAR 6.5 billion

($358 million) over the period to 2024 so as to de-bottleneck and improve the performance of the Cape Town oil refinery, contribute to

the rebranding of certain retail sites and establish a development fund to support small and Black-owned businesses in Astron

Energy’s value chain.

EVR

In November 2023, Glencore entered into an agreement with Teck, for the acquisition of a 77% effective interest in the entirety of

Teck’s steelmaking coal business, EVR, for $6.93 billion in cash, on a cash-free debt free basis, subject to a normalised level of working

capital. At closing, Glencore will also acquire from Teck and the other partners in EVR their attributable share of a shareholder loan

from Teck to EVR which is repayable out of EVR’s cash flows. The amount payable for this portion of the loan is expected to be some

$250-$300 million on closing.

The transaction is subject to mandatory regulatory approvals, being Investment Canada Act and competition approvals. While closing

could occur earlier, it is expected no later than Q3 2024.

Strategic Report

Corporate Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information

2023 Glencore Annual Report

275:

