Dear Stakeholders,

I joined the Board as Chairman at the end of the last financial year

and am pleased to present my first: letter to Shareholders.

The last 12 months have been another exceptionally busy period

for Jubilee with significant new growth and expansion across the

portfolio in South Africa and Zambia.

From a commodity price perspective, we have witnessed a

challenging PGMs price environment with the basket price now

trading at US$ 1 359, which is 46% below the FY2022 average

and 21% below the FY2023 average. Shareholders will have noted

that the majority of producers have suffered significant gross

margin contraction, with latest quarterly results of these producers

demonstrating that most are now incurring operational losses.

It is therefore pleasing to report that we currently remain cash

generative and profitable despite the prevailing PGM pricing

headwinds. This success is driven by Jubilee’s average cost

per oz after by-product credits, being one of the lowest in the

PGM industry and underlines the unique nature of Jubilee’s

business model.

I joined Jubilee at the end of the last financial year with a clear

remit to ensure that the Company met the highest standards of

corporate governance expected of a listed resources entity and to

assist the Board and Chief Executive Officer in further refining

the Group’s strategy of value-adding production expansion and

geographic and product diversification.

Other imperatives were the improvements in risk management and

risk mitigation, the strengthening of the composition of both the

executive and non-executive arms of the Company’s committees and

the further alignment of company reporting and communication to

shareholders with the best practices in the industry.

Whilst we are still on the phase of executing the agreed plans, we

can report significant progress on most fronts.

We introduced quarterly production reporting, regular updates on

project work in progress and shorter and tighter announcements

on strategic initiatives. We recognise that there is still much

to do and look forward to the new CFO assisting the CEO in

implementing further improvements and initiatives.

During July 2022, a Sustainability Committee was created and

activated and a new member of the Board was appointed to chair

this committee. Under Tracey Kerr’s leadership, the committee

is up and running and already proving its worth to management

and stakeholders.

The Company’s Remuneration Committee was strengthened with

the appointment of additional independent members, so as to

ensure that the committee was composed of a majority of INEDs.

The Company’s senior executives’ remuneration packages were

reviewed and amended to better align the interests of management

and shareholders.

A restructuring of the executive committee was undertaken

with the formation of a Strategic Committee (STRATCO), such

that strategy and operations were clearly separated and focus

on operations was not lost whilst pursuing a multitude of

growth initiatives.

Two new senior executives, Neal Reynolds and Ricus Grimbeek,

were appointed to the positions of Chief Financial Officer and

Chief of Energy Metals. Both have relevant and detailed experience

of operating in difficult mining environments in Africa and

elsewhere. We are confident that they will greatly enhance our

ability to deliver on our various initiatives and provide our Chief

Executive Officer with the required time to concentrate on the

strategic priorities of the Company.

As a consequence of the investments made in the last financial

year, we can report that our expansion into higher margin

chrome mining and processing activities, has already started to

yield positive results. We are confident that deals such as the one

announced on 6 June 2023 can be replicated using our standardised

and modular approach to the required process technology and the

current profit-sharing framework which continues to attract the

attention of underachieving or former producers.

Letter from the Chair

I joined Jubilee at the end of the last financial year

with a clear remit to ensure that the Company met the

highest standards of corporate governance expected

of a listed resources entity and to assist the Board

and Chief Executive Officer in further refining the

Group’s strategy of value-adding production expansion

and geographic and product diversification.

– Ollie Oliveira

“

Jubilee Metals Group Integrated Annual Report 2023

14

letter to the company: “With

the help of Jubilee Metals Group, we have had and still have an

opportunity of employment to a vast number of people around

Jubilee plants surrounding areas. We have used this opportunity

for skills development and obviously putting food on the table

for many previously disadvantaged children. We have also done

the winter drive with Jubilee where we identified schools in the

Majakaneng and Bapong areas where we bought and handed

over school clothes to the poorest of the poor in those areas. We

would like to thank and commend Jubilee Metals Group for the

work and support they have given us as a local and previously

disadvantaged company.”

Zambia_Sable employee with copper ore.

Zambia

Having established our footprint in Zambia, we understand the

importance for us to play a role in supporting the socio-economic

development of the country and particularly the communities

living in the radius of our operations. Key to achieving this is to

support local businesses through preferential procurement.

In the last two years, we have formed partnerships with seventy

local SMEs that supply to our Sable Refinery and Project Roan.

In FY2022, we spent a total of £5.8 million (US$7.1 million) with

these suppliers.

We have also formed some co-operatives with local communities to

support tailings retreatment at our Sable Refinery.

Education

We believe that education is the key to unlocking the potential

of our host communities. We have, therefore, focused on

enhancing education, both at school level and above, to ensure our

community members can access employment opportunities.

Jubilee Metals Group Integrated Annual Report 2023

82:

