letter to Kore Potash that pledges the Ministry and the

Republic of Congo’s support for Kore’s development of its projects at Kola and Dougou. The Minister

acknowledged that some of the development objectives for the Projects, as outlined in the Mining

Convention, have not yet been met. He also assures the Ministry's steadfast support, in the form of a

moral guarantee, to assist in addressing remaining challenges to completing the financing of Kola. The

Minister reaffirmed the validity of the Company’s mining tenement titles and the Mining Convention which

is the operating agreement between the Company and the Government.

•

This dialogue has included meetings between the Ministry and members of the Summit Consortium who

intend to provide royalty and debt financing to cover the full construction cost of Kola and SEPCO who

intend to construct Kola on an Engineering, Procurement and Construction contract basis.

•

Throughout 2023 representatives of Kore Potash have maintained increased levels of dialogue with the

Ministry of Mines, including with the Minister of State and Minister of Geology and Mining Industry, Mr

Pierre Oba. This dialogue has been aimed at improving the Ministry’s understanding of the Company’s

projects at Kola and Dougou, the capability of the intended financiers for Kola, the intended construction

partner and the processes the Company must work through towards securing financing for the

construction of the Kola Potash Project.

•

SEPCO has had personnel living in the Republic of Congo for the past 24 months who continue dialogue

with potential in-country service providers and who have conducted several Kola site visits collecting

information for both the Study and the Works. Additionally, SEPCO mobilised a larger team to Kola for

four months in the second half of 2023 to source additional information to enable the Works finalisation,

including the planned service corridors, conveyor route, and geomechanical information on foundation

materials in the proposed processing plant and infrastructure areas. These findings were presented to

PowerChina in early December 2023.

•

PowerChina, SEPCO and the subcontractors, in pursuit of the timeline objectives, commenced the Works

before reaching an agreement with the Company on costs.

•

PowerChina subcontracted five technical groups who commenced additional design and engineering

works. Specific design areas included the underground mine, mineral processing jetty and transhipment

operations, energy transportation and storage, conveyor systems and material handling. PowerChina

advised the Company that the Works would cost in excess of USD10 million to complete. Illustrating

PowerChina’s commitment to Kola, it capped Kore Potash’s contribution at a maximum of USD5 million,

with the balance of the costs to be paid by PowerChina.

•

Two payments of USD1.0 million each were made in August and November 2023 as required under the

Agreement. The remaining USD 3 million of which USD 800,000 payable up to 6 weeks from the date

PowerChina and SEPCO having presented to Kore a “complete contractual document capable of

finalising the financing arrangement of the Kola Project and capable of acceptance by Kore to form a

binding construction contract” and USD 2.2 million to be paid subject to Kore concluding its fund raise

with a target date of no later than 12 months of the signing of the EPC.

•

On 8 August 2023, Kore Potash entered into a revised agreement with SEPCO to provide the Company

with an EPC contract for the construction of the Kola Project. Following the completion of SEPCO’s

parent company, PowerChina’s, review of the Kola design and construction schedule, one of the agreed

outcomes was that further engineering design works must be completed before PowerChina and SEPCO

jointly presenting an EPC proposal and EPC contract to the Company.

•

Summit Consortium has confirmed that the financing proposal for the full capital cost of Kola will be

provided within six weeks of finalisation of EPC contract terms.

•

PowerChina has delivered EPC proposal and draft EPC contract on 6 February 2024.

•

Kore Potash and SEPCO/PowerChina will now further negotiate the EPC proposal and draft the EPC

contract, targeting signing full EPC documentation in Q2 2024.:

letter to Kore Potash that pledges the Ministry and the

Republic of Congo’s support for Kore’s development of its projects at Kola and Dougou. The Minister

acknowledged that some of the development objectives for the Projects, as outlined in the Mining

Convention, have not yet been met. He also assures the Ministry's steadfast support, in the form of a

moral guarantee, to assist in addressing remaining challenges to completing the financing of Kola. The

Minister reaffirmed the validity of the Company’s mining tenement titles and the Mining Convention which

is the operating agreement between the Company and the Government.

•

PowerChina has delivered EPC proposal and draft EPC contract on 6 February 2024.

Next Steps

•

Kore Potash and SEPCO/PowerChina will now further negotiate the EPC proposal and draft the EPC

contract, targeting signing full EPC documentation in Q2 2024.

•

The Summit Consortium has advised that the strongly positive outcomes of the Study continue to support

their financing of Kola and it intends to provide the financing proposal for the complete construction cost

of Kola within six weeks of finalisation of EPC contract terms.

Dougou Extension (DX) Sylvinite Defined Feasibility Study Phase 1

•

The DX Project update of the JORC (2012) compliant Mineral Resource, Ore Reserve, PFS information

and Production Target was announced on the 24 January 2023. The updated Mineral Resource

incorporates the most recent drilling results and interpretation of the geophysical data. A summary of the

results is presented below:

o Production Target of 15.5Mt sylvinite at a grade of 30.63 % KCl demonstrates initial project life of

12 years at a production rate of 400,000 tpa MoP.

o Production Target based on Proven and Probable Ore Reserves and 13% of the Inferred Mineral

Resources that represents 30% of the life of project MoP production.

o NPV10 (real) of USD 275 million and 27% IRR on a real post tax basis at life of project average

granular MoP price of USD 450/t.:

letter to Kore Potash that pledges the Ministry and the

Republic of Congo’s support for Kore’s development of its projects at Kola and Dougou. The Minister

acknowledged that some of the development objectives for the Projects, as outlined in the Mining

Convention, have not yet been met. He also assures the Ministry's steadfast support, in the form of a

moral guarantee, to assist in addressing remaining challenges to completing the financing of Kola. The

Minister reaffirmed the validity of the Company’s mining tenement titles and the Mining Convention which

is the operating agreement between the Company and the Government.:

letter from Minister of Mines to Kore Potash that pledges the

Ministry and the Republic of Congo’s support for Kore’s development of its projects at Kola and Dougou

Projects. The Minister of Mines pledges further support for Kore Potash to continue to develop Kola and

Dougou.

• Ongoing title to Mining tenements re-confirmed.

• Confirmation that the Mining Convention remains in effect.

• The Minister encourages Kore’s shareholders to support Kore Potash in its development endeavours.

•

Change in potash commodity prices and market conditions

The Group is subject to changes in the commodity price for potash due to changes in marketing conditions

(political, economic and other uncertainties) over which the Group has limited control. The Group plans to

be a low cost producer being in the first quartile of sustainable costs to enable the Group to be profitable

when commodity prices reduce.

Demand for potash continues to grow as the volume of arable land reduces with limited new projects entering

the market to meet the increase in demand, and some suppliers’ exports have been stopped due to

international sanctions imposed, reducing supply availability. The Group continues to engage with reputable

buyers with the intention to enter contractual arrangements to sell production prior to commercial production.

The Company’s financial models take into consideration the impact of commodity pricing when evaluating

projects.

•

Geological and technical risk posed to exploration and commercial exploitation success:

letter of appointment for an initial term of six years after which the re-election will be subject

to a review to ensure the Board remains progressive. The appointment of the NED may be terminated by

the Company giving one month notice, by the NED by immediate notice and also in accordance with the

Company’s articles of association.

Indemnifying Officers and Directors and Officers Liability Insurance

The Company indemnifies all directors of the Company named in this report and current and former executive

officers of the Company and its controlled entities against all liabilities to persons (other than the Company

or the related body corporate) which arise out of the performance of their normal duties as director or

executive officer unless the liability relates to conduct involving bad faith. The company also has a policy to

indemnify the directors and executive officers against all costs and expenses incurred in defending an action

that falls within the scope of the indemnity and any resulting payments.

During the year, the Company has paid a premium in respect of directors’ and executive officers’ insurance.

The contract contains a prohibition of disclosure of the amount of the premium and the nature of the liabilities

under the policy.:

Letter of Appointment in place to ensure

they clearly understand the requirements of

their role. Following the resignation of Mr B

Sampson on 31 October 2023, the Non-

Executive Chairman has assumed the role of

CEO in the interim.

o

o Details of executive directors’ service contracts

and the Chairman’s and NEDs’ appointment

letters are provided within the Directors Report,

copies of all of which are also available for

inspection by request at the Company’s

registered office during normal business hours

and at the AGM.

o

The number of meetings of the Board and its

committees and the individual attendance by

directors is set out within the Directors Report.

15. When making new appointments, the board

should take into account other demands on

directors’ time. Prior to appointment, significant

commitments should be disclosed with an

indication of the time involved. Additional

external appointments should not be

undertaken without prior approval of the board,

with the reasons for permitting significant

appointments explained in the annual report.

Full-time executive directors should not take on

more than one non-executive directorship in a

FTSE 100 company or other significant

appointment.

Directors are required to disclose prior

appointments and other significant

commitments and are required to inform the

Board of any changes or additional

commitments in a timely manner. Details of the

external appointments can be found on pages

32 to 34. Before accepting new appointments,

directors are required to obtain approval from

the Chairman and the Chairman requires

approval from the whole Board. It is essential

that no appointment causes a conflict of interest

or impacts on the Director’s commitment and

time spent with the Group in their existing

appointment.

16 All directors should have access to the advice

of the company secretary, who is responsible

for advising the board on all governance

matters. Both the appointment and removal of

the company secretary should be a matter for

the whole board.

o All directors have access to the advice and

services of the joint company secretaries and

each director, and each Board committee

member may obtain independent professional

advice at the Company’s expense, subject to

prior notification to the other NEDs and the joint

company secretaries. The joint company

secretaries are accountable directly to the

Board through the Chairman. The Company

currently has two joint company secretaries,

one based in London, and one based in

Australia. Both the appointment and removal of

the company secretary is a matter for the whole

Board.:

letter of

appointment for an initial term of six years (with

the exception of the Chairman whose agreement

continues until terminated by the Board or in

accordance with its terms). The appointment of

the NED may be terminated by the Company

giving one month notice, by the NED by

immediate notice and also in accordance with the

Company’s Articles of Association.:

letter of appointment. The: letter

summarises the Board’s policies and terms, including remuneration, relevant to the office of director.

