letter of

the findings.

During the year, the compliance function provided reports to the

Management Risk Committee and the Social, Ethics and Transformation

Committee on the level of regulatory compliance by the Company to the

applicable mining and related legislation, regulations, standards, best

practices and codes that have been identified to be of importance.

The compliance function reports operationally to the Company Secretary

and has regular direct contact with the Chief Financial Officer, Chief

Executive and senior management. In addition, the compliance function

attends key management and governance meetings.

Annual compliance certificate

The annual compliance certificate confirming the Company’s compliance

with the JSE Listings Requirements for the period was completed and will

be submitted to the JSE on 12 April 2024.:

Letter from the Chairperson of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee (Remco)

As Remco, we strive to ensure that Kumba provides competitive

remuneration that is seen as fair and appropriate in the context of

general market conditions and overall employee remuneration, and that

provides the right incentives to ensure delivery of the Company’s strategic

objectives over the short, medium and long term.

Each year, we assess the performance of Kumba’s executive team and

overall workforce against the Kumba business unit scorecard, as agreed

with Anglo American and sanctioned by this Remco. Members of Exco

are mutually responsible for delivering on the scorecard’s operational and

strategic objectives, and ultimately are held accountable by the Chief

Executive and the Board for their individual contribution to achieving

the team goals. The Chief Executive is measured against her personal

scorecard, which is aligned with the Kumba scorecard. Remco is also

responsible for reviewing the Company’s remuneration disclosure

in Kumba’s integrated report to ensure that it is accessible, accurate

and complete, and that it is aligned with best practice governance

requirements. Through this disclosure, we strive to provide sufficient

forward looking information for shareholders to assess the remuneration

policy and to approve a resolution in terms of section 66(9) of the

Companies Act, 2008.

Kumba’s Remco engages independent remuneration consultants

(Bowmans) who report directly to the Committee. The Remco and

Kumba Board has reviewed this remuneration report. We believe it

provides an accurate and objective account of the Company-wide

remuneration policy and its implementation for 2023, and that the policy

has met its objectives.

Remco decisions and activities in 2023

Reflecting on Remco’s activities in 2023, there are four developments that

I wish to emphasise.

• Following the restructuring that Kumba embarked on in 2022, we

initiated a further organisational review this year under the guidance of

the Anglo American’s “Future Fit” initiative. Aligned with our Refreshed

strategy, the initiative seeks to build an organisation that excels in

executing our strategy and delivering on our purpose as cost-effectively

as possible. With the aim of ensuring that we have an effective, efficient

organisation and ways of working amongst Anglo American, Kumba

corporate office and operational sites. Design principles aimed to

remove duplication and streamline and simplify work. We commenced

a section 189 and 189A consultation processes in September 2023,

with the CCMA overseeing proceedings until their conclusion in

November 2023. The new organisational structure was finalised by

year end. Regrettably, this resulted in terminating the service of 100

employees - 78 took voluntary severance packages, and 22 were

retrenchments. As outlined in more detail in the review, we took every

effort to limit the number of retrenchments, including the prioritisation

of opportunities elsewhere in the Anglo American group. We also

provided various support services – including leadership-driven

engagements, counselling services, interview preparation training,

and financial planning guidance – and maintained open

communication throughout this process.

• We were all deeply saddened by the tragic loss of life this year of

Mr Nico Molwagae in an incident at Kolomela in February 2023, our first

fatality in more than seven years. As a result of the incident, a safety-

deductor penalty modifier was applied to the Team+ performance

bonus payments for participating employees, who work at the

corporate office and SIB projects and at Kolomela, as well as the gain

share bonus payable for participants, at Kolomela. This penalty reflects

our unwavering commitment to safety, and our belief in the value of

linking remuneration to the delivery of our strategic priorities.

• In an important development this year, we successfully concluded a

three-year wage agreement through CCMA-facilitated negotiations

with our three recognised trade unions: the National Union of

Mineworkers (NUM), the Association of Mineworkers and Construction

Workers Union (AMCU) and Solidarity . Given the significant economic

and political uncertainties, both nationally and globally, it was jointly

agreed to maintain a three-year focus. Through this process, we

agreed a compounded three-year adjustment of 17.59% against the

approved mandate.

• Finally, it is pleasing to report that we have addressed the increased

turnover in Kumba’s Band 6/12 employees, more specifically in the

scarce and critical skills technical functions, has bought the attraction

and retention of this key employee segment to the fore, and even

more so the longstanding discontent of this employee category given

their non-participation in equity awards. Following a collaborative

engagement between the reward teams of Kumba, Anglo American

and Anglo Platinum to explore a new aligned approach for Band

6/12 employee equity participation, in February 2023 the Remco

approved a free, annual equity grant with a face value of R35,000 per

employee, decoupled from the DBA, for the 2023 award year onward.

It is intended that the R35,000 fixed amount equity grant become an

annual grant, the quantum to be reviewed periodically as needed.

Further details on these and other key discussions throughout the year

are provided in the full report below.

Appreciation

I wish to thank my colleagues on Remco for their valued advice in

ensuring that we deliver on our mandate. On behalf of Remco, I extend

our thanks to the executive team, management and employees for

their ongoing commitment, and I would like also to acknowledge

Kumba’s shareholders and proxies who provide valuable insights on our

remuneration activities.

Ntombi Langa-Royds

Chairperson of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee

20 March 2024:

letter.

• The quantum of Awards should be meaningful, given their exceptional

nature. The quantum is discretionary, but as a guide, a range of 5% to

30% of annual basic employment cost is appropriate, with 30% only

being awarded in the most exceptional cases.

• EPAs are payable in cash, with no deferral, and are subject to the usual

deductions for tax (PAYE).

• EPAs may be awarded at any point in the year to allow for the timely

recognition of outstanding performance.

Chief Executive’s LTIP award quantum uplift from 2024

onwards

The Chief Executive’s salary was adjusted by the 2023 mandated 6%

on 1 January 2023, aligned with the salary adjustment mandate for the

Band 8 and above, non-bargaining category employees.

A detailed total remuneration pay mix benchmarking analysis was

concluded for the Chief Executive during October and November 2023

by a third-party, external remuneration advisory service provider to the

Remco.

A comparator group of seven JSE-listed mining companies were

utilised in the benchmarking exercise. The JSE-listed mining companies’

comparator group review is based on the general principle that the

constituents should be comparable in terms of size and complexity. The

measures are utilised to assess size are market capitalisation, revenue,

total assets under management and number of employees.:

letter of grant) receive dividend equivalents in

respect of his vested shares and vested phantom shares, which dividend

equivalents shall be equal to the normal dividends that the Company

would have paid in respect of each share during the vesting period,

multiplied by the number of vested shares ("dividend equivalents"). The

dividend equivalents may be settled in cash (in respect of a performance

award of conditional shares or phantom shares) and/or by the transfer

of shares to the participant (in respect of a performance award of

conditional shares), with reference to the market value of the shares on

the vesting date.”

The proposal to incorporate dividend equivalents in the 2023 onward

LTIP grants for the executive directors has aligned Kumba with the

practice in the Anglo American group and was approved by the Remco

on 13 February 2023.

Executive directors’ and Prescribed officers’ contracts of employment

Executive directors and Prescribed officers are not employed on

fixed-term contracts but have standard employment contracts with

notice periods of up to six months. The Chief Executive, Mpumi Zikalala’s

contract has a restraint of trade provision for a period of 12 months after

the termination of her employment. There are no additional payments

for any of the restraint obligations as the Chief Executive’s remuneration

is deemed fair and reasonable compensation, inclusive of the restraint

obligations.

There is no restraint of trade provisions applicable to the Chief Financial

Officer and prescribed officers. No restraint payments have been

made during this year. There are no change of control provisions or any

provisions relating to payment on termination of employment.:

