letter of audit findings for the 2016 and 2017

years of assessment, which the Group is contesting with SARS.

Management still relies on opinions from external legal and tax advisers

to inform and support the significant judgement required in interpreting

relevant tax legislation. The matter has been disclosed as a contingent

liability as its outcome remains uncertain, and any potential tax

exposure cannot be reliably estimated. Accordingly, the consolidated

financial statements have no adjustment for any effects on the Group.

Share buy-back

The Board has considered whether the share buy-back programme should

be resumed and concluded that a dividend is preferable at this stage.

Dividend

The Board has declared a final cash dividend of R550 million

(2022: R325 million). This amounts to 22 cents (2022: 13 cents) per

share and brings the total dividend for the year to R1 050 million

(2022: R625 million).

Outlook

Looking ahead:

f The market is expected to continue growing in the coming years,

driven by factors such as infrastructure development and the rise of

electric vehicles;

f Price stability and production predictability are crucial for ensuring

industry health. Although volumes will grow, the expectation is that

price volatility will continue with risk on the downside;

f ESG matters will likely gain prominence and become even more

important. The Venture continues to explore sustainable practices

for its operations, and its green energy initiatives will not only

contribute to the decarbonisation of its footprint but to power

stability as well;

f Additionally, the NPA will enable our business to plan with more

pricing certainty;

f Inclusion of the Eastern PGMs further grows our business and

strengthens our PGMs footprint; and

f While a thawing of geopolitical tensions was expected in 2023,

further tensions were experienced, and a spillover to 2024 has been

inevitable.

Overall, 2023 was a year of resilience and adaptation for the

ferrochrome industry. While facing headwinds, it laid the groundwork

for continued growth and a focus on sustainable practices in the future.

However, a resilient 2023 appears set to be followed by a looming

slowdown in 2024.

DITABE CHOCHO

Financial Director | 15 March 2024:

Managing Director of the Venture. The committee

meets at least once a month, recommends policies and strategies and

is responsible for the implementation of strategy and carrying out the

Board’s mandates and directives. It deals with all executive management

business and is responsible for all material matters that are not the

responsibility of the Board. It also assists with the execution of Merafe’s

compliance and disclosure obligations.

Merafe is represented by Zanele Matlala and

Ditabe Chocho.

The Joint Board

of the Venture

The Joint Board meets quarterly with the aim of ensuring proper

governance of the activities of the Venture. Members of Merafe’s

management team also attend and participate in the Venture’s monthly

Executive Committee and sustainable development meetings and

quarterly Audit Committee and Treasury meetings.

The Joint Board consists of two

representatives from Glencore and two

representatives from Merafe (Zanele Matlala

and Ditabe Chocho). Currently, Glencore

appoints the Chairperson of the Joint Board.

TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY

Our approach to governance CONTINUED

See our website www.meraferesources.co.za for our Board Charter, Code of Ethics and the Board diversity policy. See the annual financial statements, which form

part of our online Integrated Annual Report for 2023

for the Audit and Risk Committee’s report as well as page 47 of this report. For a more detailed overview of

the responsibilities of the Board and the committees, see the terms of reference of the Board and committees on our website, which form part of our online Integrated

Annual Report for 2023

.:

letter of audit findings for the 2016 and

2017 years of assessment, which the Group is contesting with SARS.

Management still relies on opinions obtained from external legal and

tax advisers to inform and support the significant judgement required

in interpreting relevant tax legislation. The matter has been disclosed

as a contingent liability as its outcome remains uncertain and any

potential tax exposure cannot be reliably estimated. Accordingly, the

consolidated financial statements have made no adjustment for any

effects on the Group.

Events after the reporting period

On 15 March 2024, the Board resolved to declare a final dividend of

22 cents (2022: 13 cents) per share for the 2023 financial year. The

total gross cash dividend for the year amounted to 42 cents per share.

The dividend will be paid out of income reserves. On 18 January

2024, the Group announced the appointment of Mr Ditshebo Stephen:

letter of audit findings for

the 2016 and 2017 years of assessment. The Committee considered

any risks this matter presented and put mitigating measures in place.

It also considered the Company’s accounting treatment and disclosure

of the matter. The Committee considered the contribution of the Eastern

PGMs operations to the Venture. The Committee satisfied itself with this

transaction’s accounting treatment and disclosure in the 2023 results.

The Committee reviewed Merafe’s Risk Policy and Framework to ensure

continued relevance and assessed performance against the risk appetite

statements.

The Committee considered the nature of the operations, risks and

internal control environment at the Merafe head office and continued

to rely on the internal audit function at the Venture, which provides

reports to the Merafe head office on a quarterly basis. The Committee

has satisfied itself with the internal audit function at the Venture through

the review of their scope of work, quarterly review of their reports and

evaluation of their findings and are satisfied that there were no material

areas of concern that would render the function ineffective.

The Committee reviewed the 2024 budgets and 2025/6 plans, which

were recommended to the Board.

The Committee retained the appointment of an independent internal

auditor from an external firm to focus on assignments specific to Merafe

head office. The audit scope for 2023, which was risk-based, was

considered and agreed upon. The Committee has also satisfied itself

with the scope of work relating to and the findings and remediations

arising from the internal audit assignments specific to Merafe head

office, which were carried out.

The Committee reviewed the independence, effectiveness and overall

performance of the internal audit function. The Committee is of the

opinion that nothing has come to the attention of the Committee that

caused it to believe that the Group’s system of internal controls and

risk management is not effective and that the internal financial controls

do not form a sound basis for the preparation of reliable financial

statements. The Committee is satisfied with the effectiveness of the

internal audit function.

The Committee also reviewed all legal and regulatory matters that:

Letter of Representation in terms of their custody agreement.

12.3.4

Dematerialised shareholders, other than “own-name” registered dematerialised shareholders, who are unable to attend

the annual general meeting and who wish to be represented thereat, must provide their CSDP or broker with their voting

instructions in terms of the custody agreement entered into between themselves and the CSDP or broker in the manner and

time stipulated therein.

NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING continued:

letter of representation to attend the meeting. TMS will

assist shareholders with all the requirements for electronic participation and is obliged to validate the information of each shareholder’s entitlement

to participate in and/or vote at the annual general meeting before providing it with the necessary means to access the annual general meeting

electronically and/or the electronic voting platform.

Shareholders will be liable for their network charges in relation to electronic participation in and/or voting at the annual general meeting and it will

not be for the expense of the JSE Limited (JSE), Merafe Resources or TMS. Neither the JSE, Merafe Resources or TMS can be held accountable

in the case of loss of network connectivity or network failure due to insufficient airtime/internet connectivity/power outages which would prevent a

shareholder from participating in and/or voting at the annual general meeting electronically.

Notwithstanding the availability of the electronic voting platform, shareholders may still submit forms of proxy to TMS (in the case of certificated

shareholders and dematerialised shareholders with “own-name” registration) or provide instructions to their appointed CSDP or broker (in the case of

dematerialised shareholders without “own-name” registration) by no later than 11:00 on Monday, 13 May 2024 or the time and date stipulated by the

CSDP or broker, respectively.

By order of the Board

W SOMERVILLE (on behalf of CorpStat Governance Services)

Company Secretary | 15 March 2024

NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING continued:

