LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Overview

Sabvest Capital Limited (“Sabcap”) is an investment group first listed on the JSE in 1988 as Sabvest Limited and as Sabcap

from 2020. Details of the Company and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) are set out in the Corporate Profile on

page 4.

2023 performance

2023 proved to be a challenging environment for the Group’s investees to operate in. These conditions have resulted in a

slight decrease in NAV per share to 10 936 cents per share, being a 0,7% decrease from NAV per share of 11 017 at the

2022 year-end reporting date. Although a small decrease, it is the first reduction in NAV per share in a single reporting

period for over twenty years. Notwithstanding, the growth rates over periods from 3 to 15 years were 13,7% at 3 years to

17,2 % to 15 years compounded, and 18,5% with dividends reinvested.

Dividends for the year were maintained at 90 cents per share.

The Company’s balance sheet is strong with shareholders’ equity of R4,3bn and the carrying value of the investments

held by its subsidiaries at R5,0bn.

Medium-term performance

Management and the Board remain focused on achieving sustainable long-term investment returns primarily focused on

growth in NAV per share.

Capital allocation decisions are carefully considered between new investments, strengthening liquidity, dividends and

share buybacks. With the exception of dividends declared for the 2020 COVID year, dividends have been maintained or

increased annually for over twenty years.

The Board expects to resume satisfactory growth in NAV per share for the 2024 financial year.

Governance and functions of the Board

The Board and management maintain the highest levels of governance.

The Board is accountable for the approval and execution of the Group’s strategy and its operating performance, as well

as being the arbiter and monitor of risk and custodian of its corporate governance policies and procedures. The Group’s

compliance with the Principles of King IVTM is set out on pages 24 to 34.

It should be noted that in terms of Sabcap’s Partnership Principle, it usually invests alongside family, operating or financial

partners with the result that, in addition to Sabcap’s executive directors running the investment portfolio, that function is

supported materially by the partners in each investment.

Shareholders

I am pleased to welcome all new shareholders who have invested in Sabcap during the year.

At the year-end, 40,8% of the listed shares were held by The Seabrooke Family Trust and 43,1% by Institutions, Family

Offices and High-Net-Worth Individuals.:

letter to shareholders

continued:

