Dear stakeholders

Across the world, the past year was one of

significant volatility. Apart from the devastating

humanitarian toll, the Russia/Ukraine war

contributed to stubborn inflation and high

interest rates, subdued economic growth, and

disruption to the energy ecosystem and the pace

and scale of the energy transition. There is no

doubt that the challenge of our time is to reshape

the sector while maintaining the supply of

affordable and sustainable energy to meet the

needs of people, while safeguarding the planet

from environmental degradation.

In addition to the impact of global developments

on South Africa’s economy, its weak performance

was exacerbated by intensifying power shortages,

deteriorating logistics, and political and socio-

economic upheaval.

Sasol was not immune to the impact of these

challenges, many of which informed the material

matters for our integrated reporting which were

identified and approved in the year. In support

of integrated thinking and integrated reporting,

the Board considered these material matters,

as each has the potential to affect our ability

to create and preserve value over time.

IR

For more detail on our Material Matters refer to page 39

Internally, we recorded two tragic workplace

fatalities, highlighting the critical necessity to

keep safety at the centre of everyone’s focus.

In the aftermath of the pandemic, people’s

mental health deteriorated, aggravated by

rising unemployment and increased poverty.

Investor sentiment towards South Africa

worsened, hit by the country’s recent grey listing

by the Financial Action Task Force, the global

intergovernmental body enabling the combatting

of money laundering, terrorist financing and

the financing of the proliferation of weapons of

mass destruction. Investor sentiment was also

affected by questions on the efficacy and

prudence of South Africa’s non-aligned stance on

the Russia/Ukraine war. These factors accelerated

capital outflows and put at risk a significant

portion of export revenue from trading partners

as a response to the decisions by the South

African government.

KEY MESSAGES

Delivering on promises

Returning value to shareholders

Attracting investment

Our foundation business remains an all-important enabler to realise

Future Sasol. It is for this reason we are giving increased attention

to ensuring that we bring stability to the business by focusing on

resetting our business for resilience.

Zero Harm

Progress and embed

environmental, social

and governance

Operational stability

Sasol 2.0 delivery

MAINTAINING FOCUS

Safe and reliable

operations

Sustainable business

in the future

Enhance cash

flow generation

Sustainable shareholder returns

Vuyo Kahla

Executive Director

Manuel Cuambe

Independent

non-Executive Director

Muriel Dube

Independent

non-Executive Director

Stanley Subramoney

Independent

non-Executive Director

Stephen Westwell

Independent

non-Executive Director

Katherine Harper

Independent

non-Executive Director

Beatrix Kennealy

Independent

non-Executive Director

Martina Flöel

Independent

non-Executive Director

Andreas Schierenbeck

Independent

non-Executive Director

Nomgando Matyumza

Independent

non-Executive Director

Mpho Nkeli

Independent

non-Executive Director

Sipho Nkosi

Chairman of

the Board

Fleetwood Grobler

President and

Chief Executive Officer

Hanré Rossouw

Chief Financial

Officer

Board review and approval

DIRECTORS’ APPROVAL

OF INTEGRATED REPORT

Through the perseverance and diligence

of Team Sasol, a stronger platform has

been shaped to deliver our Future Sasol

ambitions.

The Board is ultimately responsible for ensuring

the integrity of Sasol’s integrated reporting.

The Board gave attention to management’s

evaluation of the effectiveness of the disclosure

controls and procedures. Other than the material

weakness and other internal financial control

deficiencies reported in the Form 20-F, we believe

Sasol has designed such internal controls over

financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance

regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the

preparation of financial statements for external

purposes in accordance with International

Financial Reporting Standards.

Notwithstanding the deficiencies in internal financial

control we confirm that the 2023 Integrated Report

addresses all material issues and matters which

affect the Group’s ability to preserve and create value

and fairly represents the Group’s integrated

performance. This report and its publication was

approved on 31 August 2023.

The Board confirms that Sasol is in compliance

with the provisions of the Companies Act, 71 of

2008 relating to its incorporation and is operating

in conformity with its Memorandum of

Incorporation (MOI).:

Dear stakeholders

We introduced the Future Sasol strategy in September 2021 which

underpins our ambition to grow shared value for all our stakeholders,

while we accelerate our transition to a low-carbon world. This, we

envisage to deliver over three horizons where we will Reset, Transition

and Reinvent our business. Over the past financial year we had

several headwinds stalling our progress on resetting our business.

For this reason, our internal focus will remain on activities relating

to successfully resetting our business and enabling the successful

execution of the last two horizons. We will undertake this within the

framework of People, Planet and Profit.

We have a relentless focus on resetting

our business.:

Dear stakeholders

As we reflect on our financial results it is important to recognise that profitability was impacted not only by

factors within our control, but also by many factors beyond it. We faced various operational challenges as well

as a volatile global landscape that impacted on macroeconomic conditions and market dynamics. Business

performance was further affected by the underperformance of state-owned enterprises in South Africa, which

constrained our supply chains and sales volumes and placed further pressure on our operations. However, our

Sasol 2.0 transformation programme (Sasol 2.0) yielded positive results, countering the impacts of some

of these challenges.

In the first half of the financial year, we benefitted from the rising oil price. In the second half, however,

Sasol was negatively impacted by a 16% softening in the oil price which led to an overall decrease for the year

of 5%. The impact of this was offset by a 17% weakening in the rand/US dollar exchange rate to an average

of R17,77 for the year. Our commodity chemical prices decreased on poor demand. Polyethylene prices

declined by 29% compared to the previous year. Lower ethane and energy prices in the latter part of the year

contributed positively to margins in our Chemicals Business, however overall chemical margins and global

demand remained depressed, negatively impacting this business, particularly in the United States and Europe.

In the second half, we made notable improvements in operational performance, underpinned by focused

mitigation plans to address the production instabilities earlier in the year. We remain committed to improving

the coal quality of our Mining business and restoring volumes at our Secunda Operations, as well as improving

overall productivity at our operations.

We continue to engage with Transnet to address those hurdles that impact our ability to transport certain

chemical products. The challenging macroeconomic environment affecting our Eurasia operations is

expected to continue into the next financial year. While the net margin and demand remain constrained, we will

continue to manage our production rates in response to the lower demand and to avoid a build-up in inventory.

We faced various operational challenges as well as a volatile global

landscape that impacted on macroeconomic conditions and market

dynamics.

However, our Sasol 2.0 transformation programme yielded positive

results, countering the impacts of some of these challenges.

*

Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by adjusting earnings before interest and tax for depreciation, amortisation, share-based

payments, remeasurement items, change in discount rates of environmental provisions, all unrealised translation gains

and losses on our derivatives and hedging activities.

** Net debt excluding leases less cash and cash equivalents.

*** Represents ‘Transform’ capital expenditure which is included in the R26 – R32 billion (in FY23 real terms) annual Sasol 2.0

capital targets.:

Dear stakeholders

An overview

Reward outcomes are assessed in consideration

of business performance in the context of macro-

economic dynamics and factors outside and inside

of management’s control. The Committee takes its

responsibility to ensure that management is fairly

and appropriately rewarded very seriously, balancing

this with the need to ensure that there is shareholder

value creation over the same period.

The performance outcomes on the Group STI plan,

aligned with the Group’s performance over the

period. The Committee was again very concerned

with the plan outcomes being below target.

Performance against safety, climate change, net

working capital and the capital expenditure targets

were satisfactory, but energy efficiency, sales

volumes, cash fixed costs and free cash flow

generation over turnover results were below target.

Energy efficiency directly relates to the performance

of our operations. The Committee will in FY24 further

scrutinise the setting of targets and specifically

whether these are too ambitious in the context of

our daily realities.

The Committee was pleased that performance

improved against the LTI targets although the

external factors which hamper our efforts to

implement renewable energy projects remain

concerning.:

CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT CONTINUED

REMUNERATION REPORT CONTINUED

Key Remuneration Committee decisions

FIXED PAY

In a year in which global inflation remained

persistently high, increases awarded to employees

were higher than in previous years. For employees

outside collective bargaining sectors, the

Committee approved annual salary increases

mostly aligned with market increases. For those

employees covered by collective bargaining

agreements, settlements were reached on salary

increases higher than inflation. Additional budget

was approved to address pay gaps, as well as

adjustments for salaries which are uncompetitive,

compared to similar key skill roles in the market.

SHORT-TERM INCENTIVES

Performance against the Group STI targets

was mostly below target, with a total score of

71,5% of the 150% maximum on the Group STI

scorecard. The Committee applied no discretion

on the final score. Details are provided in the

Implementation Report.

IR

For more detail refer to the Implementation Report on

page 83

Following the tragic fatalities of Mr Kgauta Mhlaba,

a service provider employee, at our Secunda

Polypropylene Bagging Warehouse, and Mr Stiffi

Ndlovu an underground mobile diesel machine

operator at our Thubelisha Colliery in Secunda,

a 6% fatality penalty was applied to the Group STI

score for the GEC.

Excluding the President and CEO and the CFO,

members of the GEC also participated in Business

scorecards. The STI score for Business EVPs, was

calculated on a combination of the Group (60%)

score and the respective Businesses' (40%) score;

the Corporate Centre EVPs’ STI scores was a

weighted average between the Group and the

three Businesses' STI scores. The final approved

score for Chemicals was 71,1%, for Energy 76,3%

and for Mining was 59,7%.

Individual performance is assessed against a

balanced scorecard, in the range of 0% – 150%

which is a multiplier in the STI calculation.

IR

For more detail refer to the calculations provided in the

Implementation Report on page 83

The Committee believes that these STI outcomes

are a fair representation of the results achieved

across all financial and non-financial metrics

in FY23.

LONG-TERM INCENTIVES

For GEC members, subject to performance and

service criteria being met, LTIs granted will vest in

FY24, at 67,34%. The performance period was from

1 July 2020 – 30 June 2023. As previously reported,

among these CPTs was a target of implementing

200MW of renewable energy capacity by

30 November 2023. Despite, by 12 June 2023,

having signed PPAs for nearly 775MW of renewable

projects, Sasol’s ability to deliver on this target is

hampered by a number of factors which included

the inclusion of Air Liquide as a partner in our

Secunda renewable energy programme (post the

sale of the air separation units), severely restricted

grid capacity and being one of the largest RE

procurers in the country, setting the benchmark

for securing these type of transactions.

Although the most recent relaxation of the NERSA

licensing requirement benefitted the programme,

the June 2023 Eskom announcement on the IGCAR

has led to the Committee deciding to postpone an

assessment of performance against the renewable

energy target, until more clarity is available in this

regard.

The Committee also considered that in light of the

PPAs already signed, should grid access be

available, Sasol should be in a position to exceed its

2025 energy emission reduction targets; however,

there are many moving goal posts in this regard

which hamper progress.

The Committee remains firmly committed to

incentivising progress against our renewable

energy and energy reduction targets; a key

strategic priority.

As part of our role to determine vesting, the

Committee also considered whether a windfall gain

occurred for FY21 awards as a result of awards

having been granted at a share price which was

negatively impacted by the outbreak of the

Covid-19 pandemic.

The Committee noted that Sasol’s share price

experienced significant volatility in the periods

before and after the awards were made in FY21;

however, no awards were made when the share

price dropped below R100 in this period.

Furthermore, the Committee noted that Sasol’s

share price stabilised from 1 June 2020; for the rest

of the year, it averaged R130,60; and all FY21 LTI

grants were made when the share price was close

to or above this level. As a result, supported by

the independent assessment, the Committee is

satisfied that a windfall gain did not occur for any

of the LTI awards granted in FY21.

PROGRESSING A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE SASOL

In FY23 the Committee devoted much time and energy to

the Group’s overall reward related initiatives and their role

in addressing the material matters identified in the year.

The year under review

Prioritising our people and reward principles

In line with the Company’s focus on ‘Progressing a Sustainable Future Sasol’, in FY23 the Board devoted much

time and energy to the Group’s overall reward related initiatives and their role in addressing the material

matters identified in the year. This included a review of the EmpVP; updates to Sasol’s wellbeing programmes;

a continued commitment to safety; and the adherence to our clearly defined remuneration principles.

The feedback from our engagement survey, the ‘Heartbeat survey’ was considered by the Safety, Social

and Ethics Committee. All decisions on people related policies and benefits are taken considering the holistic

sustainability strategy of the Company. The Committee also annually reviews the status of all benefit plans

offered in the Group ensuring well-governed plans enhancing the EmpVP.

Following shareholder approval at the 2022 AGM

of the new LTI plan, Sasol took the lead in

the South African market by introducing an

18-month post-termination shareholding

requirement for members of the GEC to ensure

longer-term exposure to the Sasol share price,

even after service termination.

The Committee is pleased with the progress made

towards meeting the minimum shareholding

requirements for members of the GEC.

The Committee also reviewed the portion of the

LTIs which have both performance and continued

employment conditions attached and approved

changes in this regard for FY24, reducing the

percentage allocation related to restricted shares.

BOARD FEES

In 2021, Sasol reduced Board remuneration after an

extensive review of the structure and quantum of

non-Executive Directors‘ (NED) fees. As approved,

the fees were adjusted in line with inflation in

January 2023. An inflationary adjustment to the

Board fees will be proposed for shareholder

approval at the 2023 AGM. This increase follows

a comprehensive review of the NED fees.

EXTENDED NOTICE PERIOD

In the year, the Committee extended the notice

period for new appointees in Group leadership and

leadership role categories from one month to three

months. This was to ensure sufficient time for

a smooth handover of responsibilities as well as

longer lead times to appoint suitable external

candidates.:

Managing Director at Alvarez &

Marsal Taxand UK LLP (A&M), continued to act as an

Independent External Advisor to the Committee in

FY23. A&M provided information on global reward

trends as well as market insights into discussions

on executive reward matters. It did not provide

any other services to Sasol and the Committee was

satisfied with A&M’s independence.

Looking forward FY23/FY24

Mindful of employee feedback from our Heartbeat

survey in 2022, in the year ahead we will remain

focused on delivering on our People Promise. We will

ensure that our key performance indicators (KPIs)

are aligned to our Group top priorities, strategic

objectives and address our material matters.

We will continue to embed our Values, culture,

enhance our EmpVP and promote diversity, equity

and inclusion in the workplace to ensure that we

attract and retain the skills we need to deliver on our

strategic objectives. Additionally, we will focus

delivery on our targets by prioritising shareholder

returns as we restore the foundation business and

reset. Safety will continue to be positioned as the

foundation across which all elements of the

priorities are to be delivered.

The Committee continually strives to simplify reward

practices in order to enhance the effectiveness

thereof in our organisation.

In closing

The improved voting outcomes at the 2022 AGM

regarding remuneration at Sasol indicated that

a substantial majority of our shareholders are

satisfied with the work of the Committee. We do

not take this endorsement for granted and remain

committed to ensuring that the policy and the

implementation thereof is fair and responsible;

supports the delivery of the Group’s strategy;

addresses material matters; and creates and

preserves value for our stakeholders.

The Committee is satisfied that the Policy meets

the agreed objectives. It is also satisfied that the

remuneration outcomes for FY23 reflect alignment

between the ‘pay for performance’ requirements

of both Sasol and our shareholders.

On behalf of the Committee, I would like to express

appreciation to all Sasol’s people for their dedication

to create value under often trying conditions. I thank

shareholders for their continued engagement and look

forward to their endorsement of the advisory votes

on our Remuneration Policy and Implementation

Report at the 2023 AGM. I extend my thanks to the

Committee members for their wise counsel in FY23.

The Committee is grateful to management, and

specifically the Reward team for their assistance.

Mpho Nkeli

Chairman of Remuneration Committee

25 August 2023:

