Managing Director

Appointed: October 2014 and as: Managing Director

on 21 January 2015

Location: Australia

Mr Frank Cooper AO, BCom, FCA, FAICD, 67

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed: 7 May 2015

Location: Australia

N

R

RA

Career summary: Mr Cooper qualified as a chartered accountant

in Australia, leading to a 40-year career in the finance and

accounting profession. He has held a number of senior tax

and finance roles, including Partner at Ernst & Young, Partner /

Business Unit Leader, Tax Practice at PricewaterhouseCoopers

and Managing Partner for Arthur Andersen in Perth (for just over

10 years), during which time he specialised in the mining, energy

and utility sectors.

Other key positions Mr Cooper has held include Commissioner

and

Managing Director Technical

Services, where she led Rio Tinto’s global technical services unit.

Prior to her retirement, Dr Liu was President and Chief Executive

Officer of Rio Tinto Minerals, with responsibility for integrated

operations of mining, processing, supply chain, marketing and

sales for its Borates business in the United States, Europe and

Asia.

Dr Liu has served as Vice President of the Board of the Australian

Aluminium Council, a Board Member of the California Chamber

of Commerce, a Director of Melbourne Business School and

Chancellor of Queensland University of Technology. She has also

served as a Non-Executive Director at Newcrest Mining Limited

(September 2015 until November 2020) and Iluka Resources

Limited.

External appointments: ASX listed: Dr Liu is currently a Non-

Executive Director of Incitec Pivot Limited (since November 2019)

and Chair of its Health, Safety, Environment and Community

Committee.

Skills and experience: With her accomplished career as a global

executive in the resources industry, Dr Liu brings to our Board

expertise in mining and processing operations, the execution of

major capital projects and commodity value chain management.

Her high financial acumen, expertise in health and safety and

strong understanding of the key environmental impacts, risks

and opportunities relevant to our operations, make her a valued

contributor to the Committees on which she serves. Dr Liu’s

knowledge and experience in technology and innovation,

together with her technical background, is an asset to our Board

as it oversees our advancement towards a low-carbon future.

Mr Carlos Mesquita BEng (MetalEng), MBA, 65

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed: 1 May 2023

Location: Chile

Dr Xiaoling Liu BEng (Extractive Metallurgy), PhD (Extractive

Metallurgy), FAusIMM, FTSE, GAICD, 66

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed: 1 November 2017

Location: Australia

Career summary: Mr Mesquita is a qualified Metallurgical

Engineer. He has worked in the mining and metals industry for

more than 40 years and has extensive experience in leading

mining and processing operations and major capital projects.

Mr Mesquita spent 30 years with BHP where he held various

positions in the company’s base metals and aluminium

businesses, including Asset President of Mozal Aluminium and

Asset President of Escondida – the world’s largest copper mine.

During this time he also served as Vice President Major Projects

where he led the base metals projects program, overseeing more

than US$10 billion in mining investments in countries including

Chile, Australia, and Peru.

Mr Mesquita has also previously advised mining companies and

private equity funds on acquisitions of mining assets in South

America and from 2014 to 2015 he was a Non-Executive Director

of Mineração Serra Verde, a mid-sized rare earth minerals mine in

central Brazil.

In the first half of 2022, Mr Mesquita was a consultant for South32

providing in-country support following our acquisition of a

45 per cent interest in the Sierra Gorda copper mine.

External appointments: None

Skills and experience: Mr Mesquita has extensive experience

in the global mining and metals industry with a particular focus

on base metals and aluminium in the Americas and Africa. His

previous roles and first-hand experience of working at a projects

in an operational capacity means he brings a unique and diverse

perspective to our Board. This, together with his experience in

leading complex operations with responsibility for safety, volume

and costs, support our strategy of optimising our business by

working safely, minimising our impact, consistently delivering

stable and predictable performance, and continually improving

our competitiveness.

N

N

RA

S

S

68

GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director,

leading an integrated business comprised of bauxite mining,

alumina refining, coal mining, power generation and aluminium

smelting until his retirement in 2008.

Since 2008, Mr Osborn has served as a Non-Executive Director in

the mining, energy and construction industries. Most recently, he

was a Non-Executive Director of Wesfarmers Limited from March

2010 to October 2021.

Other key roles Mr Osborn has held include Chairman of the

Australian Institute of Marine Science, Chairman of the Western

Australia Branch of the Australia Business Arts Foundation

and Vice President of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry,

Western Australia. He is also a recipient of the WA Business

Leader Award (2007) and the Australian Institute of Company

Directors Award for Excellence (2018).

External appointments: None.

Skills and experience: Mr Osborn brings expertise in mining

and smelting operations, large-scale capital projects and

commodity value chain management to our Board. His broad

skills and experience in health and safety management and

strong understanding of the key environmental issues, risks and

opportunities relevant to our operations, are an asset to our

Board as it oversees our commitments to improve our safety

performance, our approach to sustainability-related risks and

opportunities and how we manage our environmental impact.

Mr Osborn’s experience leading large workforces, expertise in

overseeing remuneration design and implementation and strong

focus on sustainability, make him a highly capable Remuneration

Committee Chair.

Career summary: Mr Rumble is a qualified geologist. He joined

Richards Bay Minerals (at that time, a joint venture between

BHP and the Rio Tinto Group) in 1980, working in smelting and

metallurgy, and held various management positions before

becoming CEO in 1996. Prior to that appointment, Mr Rumble

spent just under three years with Rio Tinto’s iron and titanium

business as Director of International Sales and Marketing. He was

appointed President and CEO of Rio Tinto Iron and Titanium Inc. in

Canada in 2000.

In 2001, Mr Rumble joined Impala Platinum, where he held the

role of CEO until 2007 after which he moved to junior miner SUN

Mining (part of the SUN Group), also as CEO.

Since his retirement as an executive in 2008, Mr Rumble has

held Non-Executive Director positions at BHP and South African

infrastructure and resources company, Aveng Limited.

External appointments: Mr Rumble is currently a Director of

Enzyme Technologies (Pty) Limited and Elite Wealth (Pty) Limited.

Skills and experience: With his substantial tenure as an

executive leader in the resources industry, Mr Rumble brings

deep knowledge and experience in mining and smelting

operations. His expertise in geological and geoscience matters

and strong understanding of the key environmental impacts,

risks and opportunities relevant to our business, enhance our

Board’s capability to oversee our sustainability commitments,

risks and impacts. These skills, together with his health and safety

management expertise and proficiency in risk management,

make him a highly capable Sustainability Committee Chair.

Mr Wayne Osborn Dip Elect Eng, MBA, FTSE, 71

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed: 7 May 2015

Location: Australia

Mr Keith Rumble BSc, MSc (Geology), 69

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed: 27 February 2015

Location: South Africa

N

N

R

R

RA

S

S

BOARD OF DIRECTORS CONTINUED

70

GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director, Graham Kerr, holds rights over

South32 Limited shares, granted under the South32 Equity

Incentive Plan. You can find more details about this in the

Remuneration report on page 101.

The total number of rights over South32 Limited shares on issue

as at 30 June 2023 is set out in note 23 to the financial statements

(Employee share ownership plans) on pages 151 to 155. No rights

have been granted since the end of FY23. As of the date of this

report, the total number of rights over South32 Limited shares on

issue is 34,788,550.

No shares have been issued on vesting of rights during or since the

end of FY23.

South32 Limited did not have any options on issue during or since

the end of FY23.

73

SOUTH32 ANNUAL REPORT 2023:

Managing Director

Date: 7 September 2023

75

SOUTH32 ANNUAL REPORT 2023:

Managing Director

See page 67 for Graham Kerr’s

qualifications and experience.

Sandy Sibenaler

BCom, MFin, CA, GAICD, 41

Chief Financial Officer

Sandy Sibenaler joined

South32 in 2021 and became

our Chief Financial Officer in

April 2023, with responsibility

for Financial Reporting,

Management Reporting,

Treasury, Business Evaluation,

Tax, Investor Relations and

Group Assurance. Prior to

this role, Sandy was our Vice

President Finance.

Sandy has more than 20

years of treasury, finance

and commercial experience

in the resources sector. Prior

to joining South32, she held

a number of senior finance

and commercial roles at

Woodside and BHP including

Vice President of Treasury

and Insurance, General

Manager Logistics and Finance

Reporting Manager.

Sandy holds a Bachelor of

Commerce from the University

of Western Australia, a Master

of Finance from Kaplan

Business School, is a Fellow

of Chartered Accountants

Australia and New Zealand and

a Graduate of the Australian

Institute of Company Directors.

Jason Economidis

MBA (Executive), GAICD, 54

Chief Operating Officer

Australia

Jason Economidis became

our Chief Operating Officer

in July 2020, assuming

responsibility for Australia

Manganese, Cannington,

Illawarra Metallurgical Coal and

Worsley Alumina. Prior to this

role, Jason was Vice President

Operations at Illawarra

Metallurgical Coal.

Jason is an experienced

mining executive having

worked in the sector in

Australia and overseas for

more than 25 years. He

joined South32 from Orica,

where he held the position of

Vice President Coal and was

responsible for 25 mining

operations across Queensland

and New South Wales.

Jason has held several other

senior positions in the industry

including General Manager of

the Coppabella and Moorvale

Complex for Peabody Energy,

Chief Operating Officer of

Vale Coal Australia, General

Manager of Goonyella-

Riverside and Caval Ridge,

Vice President Health, Safety,

Environment and Community

for BHP and Chief Operating

Officer of Discovery Metals,

based in Botswana.

Jason holds a Master of

Business Administration

(Executive) from the

Australian Graduate School

of Management and is a

Graduate of the Australian

Institute of Company Directors.

Noel Pillay

NHDP Mech Eng, 55

Chief Operating Officer Africa

and Colombia

Noel Pillay became our Chief

Operating Officer in October

2021 and is responsible for

our operations in Africa and

Colombia.

Prior to this role, Noel was

Vice President Operations at

Worsley Alumina where he was

responsible for the operation’s

safety, production and cost

performance. Before his time

at Worsley Alumina, Noel was

Vice President Operations at

Hillside Aluminium in South

Africa.

Before joining South32, Noel

worked for BHP from 1994 as

a Maintenance Engineer at

Hillside Aluminium and has

held several leadership roles

in Maintenance, Production,

Business Improvement and

Human Resources in South

Africa and Australia.

Noel is a trained Mechanical

Engineer and holds a National

Higher Diploma from the

University of Johannesburg.

76

GOVERNANCE:

LETTER FROM

OUR REMUNERATION

COMMITTEE CHAIR: Dear Shareholders

On behalf of the Board, I’m pleased to present the Remuneration report for the year ended 30 June 2023 (FY23).

The Remuneration Committee assists the Board to oversee the remuneration and benefits framework for South32, providing assurance

that remuneration arrangements support the delivery of our purpose and strategy, and are aligned to our values and the long-term

interests of our shareholders.

FY23 performance

Nothing is more important than the health, safety and wellbeing of our people. The loss of our colleagues, Mr Cristovão Alberto

Tonela and Mr Alfredo Francisco Domingos João, who were fatally injured while undertaking maintenance work at Mozal Aluminium

in November 2022, has been felt deeply across our business. We have reflected on this tragic event and have captured and shared

learnings across our business and industry, implemented additional controls at our aluminium smelters and identified further safety

improvement opportunities.

Throughout FY23, we continued to implement our multi-year Safety Improvement Program designed with the aim of enhancing our

safety culture and achieving a step change in our safety performance. While we exceeded several of our safety performance lead

measures, notably in risk management and safety leadership, our Total Recordable Injury Frequency did not meet target, increasing by

11 per cent to 5.9 per million hours worked. For more information on our health and safety performance in FY23, and FY24 focus areas,

please refer to our Sustainable Development Report available at www.south32.net.

Other important sustainability measures include our water performance and social investment. In FY23 we achieved more than

two per cent improvement in water use efficiency collectively across our four operations in areas defined as having baseline water

stress, and we invested US$27.7 million in community programs. As part of the evolution of our approach to social performance we also

developed economic development plans, which include local employment and procurement targets, at all operations for the first time.

We know that an inclusive and diverse workforce produces better outcomes and is an important enabler to further embed our 'safety

guarantee' across our business. This year we increased the representation of women on our Lead Team to 50 per cent and Operational

Leadership Team to 29 per cent, and in the total workforce to 20 per cent. In addition, we progressed initiatives to create a more

inclusive workplace, in which any form of inappropriate conduct is not tolerated.

Against a volatile global backdrop, in FY23 we delivered strong production growth in aluminium, base metals and manganese,

underpinned by our recent portfolio improvements and annual production records at three of our operations. This strong production

growth supported one of our largest underlying profit results to date, with Underlying EBITDA of US$2.5 billion, notwithstanding lower

commodity prices and industry-wide inflationary pressures. This, in turn, supported continued strong shareholder returns in respect of

FY23, including dividends totalling US$369 million and a further US$218 million returned via our ongoing on-market share buy-back.

We continue to reshape our portfolio toward commodities that are critical in the transition to a low carbon world and in FY23 we

progressed work to support planned investment decisions for the development of the Hermosa project’s Taylor zinc-lead-silver Deposit

and confirmed the opportunity to produce battery-grade manganese from Hermosa’s Clark Deposit.

Our performance across the year is recognised in our FY23 Business Scorecard, where an overall outcome of 83.8 per cent (out of a

possible 150 per cent) was achieved. See page 89 for more information.

Application of the Business Modifier

The Business Modifier is an integral component of the short-term incentive (STI) that considers overall business outcomes or other

factors that are not specifically contemplated in the Business Scorecard, to ensure unintended reward outcomes are avoided.

When considering the application of the Business Modifier for FY23, the Board primarily focused on two matters, the tragic loss of our

two colleagues who were fatally injured in the incident at Mozal Aluminium, and the non-cash impairment expense of US$1.3 billion

recognised in our FY23 financial results in relation to the Taylor Deposit at Hermosa.

In recognition of these events, the Board chose to exercise its discretion by reducing the overall STI outcome for the CEO by 25 per cent.

A reduction ranging from 5 to 20 per cent has also been applied to the STI outcome of other Executive key management personnel

(KMP) and members of the Lead Team. The application of the Business Modifier reflects our commitment to everyone going home safe

and well and overall reward outcomes that reflect our performance and the shareholder experience.

78

GOVERNANCE

Managing Director

Dated 7 September 2023

DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION

162

FINANCIAL REPORT:

