letter of

representation to you to attend the AGM.:

letter of representation, or they

must provide the CSDP or broker with their

voting instructions in terms of the relevant

custody agreement/mandate entered into

between them and the CSDP or broker.

SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS

In terms of section 58 of the Companies

Act, shareholders have rights to be

represented by proxy as herewith stated.

An extract of section 58 is included in the

form of proxy on page 112.

PRINTING AND DISTRIBUTION OF

THE ANNUAL REPORT

In line with York’s continuous efforts to

contain costs, and the environmental

benefits of electronic communication

with shareholders, the Company hereby

proposes to shareholders that various

documents, records, statements and

notices (report(s)) in respect of the

Company, be, as far as possible, delivered

to shareholders by electronic mail (email)

or posted on the Company’s website with

an email alert being sent to shareholders

notifying them that, inter alia, the reports

are available on the Company’s website.

Should you wish to avail yourself of these

options, kindly request this via email at

ecomms@computershare.co.za.

By order of the Board

Kilgetty Statutory Services

(South Africa) Proprietary Limited

Company Secretary

10 October 2023

Meeting facilitator

The Meeting Specialist Proprietary Limited

JSE Building

One Exchange Square, 2 Gwen Lane

Sandown, 2196

PO Box 62043, Marshalltown, 2107

011 520 7951/0/2

proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za

ORDINARY RESOLUTION NUMBER

1: CONSOLIDATED AND SEPARATE

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The ordinary business to be considered at

the AGM is more fully governed in terms of

the MOI. In summary, the ordinary business

at an AGM is to receive and consider

the consolidated and separate annual

financial statements, to declare or sanction

dividends (where applicable), to elect

directors, the auditor and other officers in

the place of those retiring by rotation or

otherwise and to elect the Audit Committee

members. No special business shall be

transacted at an AGM unless due notice

thereof has been given.

ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS NUMBERS

2.1 TO 2.4: RE-ELECTION AND

APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS

The rotation of directors is more fully

governed in terms of clauses 5.1.3 to 5.1.8

of the MOI, which require one-third of

the non-executive directors to retire from

office at the AGM. The retiring directors at

each AGM shall be those who have been

longest in office since their last election or

appointment. If, at the date of the AGM, any

director will have held office for a period of

three years since his or her last election or

appointment, he or she shall retire at such

AGM either as one of the directors to retire

in pursuance of the foregoing or additionally

thereto. A retiring director shall act as a

director throughout the AGM at which he

or she retires. The retiring directors may be

re-elected provided that they are eligible.

Nonzukiso Siyotula, Lindani Dhlamini

and André van der Veen have offered

themselves for re-election.

Paragraph 5.1.12 of the MOI provides that

the appointment of a director, whether

to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition

to the Board (or otherwise), must be

confirmed by shareholders at the AGM

following such appointment. Schalk

Barnard was appointed as an executive

director by the Board with effect from

1 May 2023. Accordingly, the appointment

of Schalk Barnard requires ratification by

shareholders at the AGM.

ORDINARY RESOLUTION NUMBER 3:

APPOINTMENT OF THE EXTERNAL

AUDITOR

The Audit Committee has nominated

Deloitte & Touche for appointment as the

external auditor of the Company under

section 90 of the Companies Act. In

accordance with paragraph 3.84(g)(iii), as

read with paragraph 22.15(h) of the JSE

Listings Requirements, the Audit Committee

has assessed the suitability of Deloitte &

Touche (with Mr Logan Govender being

the designated external audit partner)

for appointment as the external auditor.

Furthermore, the Audit Committee has, in

terms of paragraph 3.86 of the JSE Listings

Requirements, considered and satisfied

itself that Deloitte & Touche is accredited

and appears on the JSE list of auditors

and accounting specialists, and that Mr

Logan Govender does not appear on the

JSE list of disqualified individual auditors

as set out in section 22 of the JSE Listings

Requirements. The Board has accepted the

recommendation of the Audit Committee,

subject to shareholder approval as required

in terms of section 90(1) of the Companies

Act. In addition, notwithstanding the

provisions of section 90(6) of the

Companies Act, in compliance with

paragraph 3.84(g)(iv) of the JSE Listings

Requirements, the Audit Committee has

ensured that the appointment of the

external auditor (including the designated

external audit partner) is presented

and included as a resolution at the

AGM pursuant to section 61(8) of the

Companies Act.

Deloitte & Touche was appointed as

the external auditor with effect from

20 February 2023. Accordingly, the

appointment of Deloitte & Touche requires

ratification by shareholders at the AGM.

The external auditor will remain the

appointed external auditor until the

conclusion of the next AGM of the

Company.

EXPLANATORY NOTES TO THE

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL

MEETING AND PROPOSED

RESOLUTIONS:

