managing director of

SFS was joined by the Bidfood team.

Certified that it kills Coronavirus

Bidfood UK have certified two

Own Brand “Essential Supplies”

sanitisers, meaning that when

tested they killed Coronavirus

99,99% within five minutes’ contact

time. This assures our customers

that they are using proven

disinfectants on the front and

back-of-house surfaces to clean

and prevent the spread of COVID.

ECOMMERCE

PLATFORM SALES

2019: 49%

48%

of 2020 divisional revenue

Bidfood UK,

Own Brand.

Bid Corporation Limited Annual integrated report 2020

51

Divisional reviews

ESG review

Leadership review

This is Bidcorp

Financial statements

50

Bid Corporation Limited Annual integrated report 2020

Leadership review

This is Bidcorp

Financial statements

Divisional reviews

ESG review:

letter, providing an additional layer of assurance

and comfort that policies are in place, well understood and

implemented by all.

How we integrate

Bidcorp recognises the value of an integrated governance

approach incorporating risk management, assurance and

compliance functions.

Bidcorp manages the challenge of good governance in a

decentralised environment by rigorous integration of four basic

pillars: governance, assurance, compliance and risk management.

This framework ensures respect for legislated requirements

and regulations yet is flexible enough to accommodate change

and innovation.

BIDCORP’S ESG MODEL

Environmental

awareness

Social engagement

and responsibility

Sound

governance

The detailed King IV application register can be found on the Bidcorp group website.

GOVERNANCE

QualityScore

1

2019: 1

SOCIAL

QualityScore

4

2019: 5

ENVIRONMENT

QualityScore

5

2019: 6

ISS* QualityScore

Bid Corporation Limited as at June 30 2020

https://login.isscorporatesolutions.com

King IV application summary

The board endorses the King IV corporate governance principles, embracing the

concept of integrated thinking, which underpins corporate citizenship, stakeholder

inclusivity, sustainable development, and integrated reporting.

Performance and reporting

This annual integrated report demonstrates how performance is achieved through the

strategic initiatives. Bidcorp sets and achieves its strategic initiatives with reference to its risks

and opportunities. The board assesses the outcomes from its business model continuously

and adapts it as required.

Leadership, ethics, and corporate citizenship

The directors hold one another accountable for decision-making based on integrity,

competence, responsibility, fairness, and transparency through their commitment to lead

the company based on the King IV principles. The chairman and lead independent director

oversee this process on an ongoing basis.

Governing structures and delegation

The board serves as the focal point and custodian of governance. Its role and responsibilities

and execution of duties are set out in the board charter. The board is satisfied with the current

board composition bringing the optimal mix of knowledge, skills, experience, diversity, and

independence. The board delegates responsibility to board committees. The performance

of the board is annually appraised.

Governance functional areas

The board recognises the importance of risk management as it is linked to the strategy,

performance, and sustainability of the group. Delegated by the board, the audit and risk

committee delegates to management the implementation of processes to ensure that

the risks are identified and mitigated. The board carries ultimate responsibility for the

remuneration policy, seeking shareholder support, and delegating the remuneration policy

rollout to the remuneration committee.

Stakeholder relationships

The board is responsible for and encourages positive stakeholder relationships; delegated

to the management of each business to achieve effective stakeholder relationships with

material stakeholders and to balance their legitimate and reasonable needs, interests and

expectations.

Our people are pragmatists with the knowledge and experience

to recognise scope for improvement and implement necessary

change – whether the concepts are independently developed

or spring from shared experience.

These practices apply to good governance and

ultimately business success.

How we governed

through COVID

Bidcorp’s response during the COVID crisis has demonstrated the

agility of the board and management in responding to a crisis:

• Board meetings convened on electronic mediums keeping

all informed and in line with the board meeting calendar

• Executives at the centre recognising the COVID impact and

required operational response around the world took the

opportunity to schedule weekly status updates for all senior

management to share learnings and support colleagues

• Group chief executive penned a regular, detailed update

to board members, highlighting the status and response

implemented by teams across the group

• Bidcorp’s decentralised, entrepreneurial model allowed each

team on the ground the agility to respond and make the tough

decisions necessary as events unrolled, keeping the operations

relevant and meeting immediate needs of the local team

and community

• Group finance team prioritised daily engagement with all

group businesses to monitor and assist in cash management

• Group-wide liquidity and cash management reporting, engaging

with financial institutions to agree the potential provision of

facilities, if required

• The board supports the executive management team and

encourages the teams to be agile and innovate to adapt to

this “new normal”.

ESG ratings

Bidcorp is regularly assessed by rating

agencies on our environmental, social

and governance (ESG) performance. These

ratings are used by investors as part of their

investment decisions.

We are pleased to be recognised for our

progress reported to date and remain

committed to ongoing progress.

CERTIFICATE

OF MEMBERSHIP

This is to certify that

BidCorp Ltd

is a constituent company in the FTSE4Good Index Series

June 2020

ISS* ESG Corporate Rating –

GOVERNANCE

‘PRIME STATUS”

THE ISS ESG DIFFERENCE

ISS ESG brings globally

recognised expertise across the

full range of sustainable and

responsible investment issues,

including climate change, SDG-linked

impact, human rights, labour

standards, corruption and more.

FTSE4Good

The FTSE4Good Index Series

is designed to measure the

performance of companies

demonstrating strong ESG practices.

Transparent management and

clearly-defined ESG criteria

make FTSE4Good indexes suitable

tools to be used by a wide variety

of market participants when

creating or assessing sustainable

investment products.

* Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. (ISS),

a leading provider of corporate governance

and responsible investment solutions.

Bidcorp’s strength lies in its

decentralised management

teams, enhanced by an engaged

board demanding robust

governance and yet at our

core, keeping it simple.

Bid Corporation Limited Annual integrated report 2020

71

70

Bid Corporation Limited Annual integrated report 2020

Divisional reviews

ESG review

Leadership review

This is Bidcorp

Financial statements

Divisional reviews

Leadership review

This is Bidcorp

Financial statements

ESG review:

letter, confirms entity-wide

application and compliance to the Code of Ethics.

• Annual related party declarations are completed by all senior

members of the global Bidcorp team. Guidance requires that

anyone in a decision making capacity is required to complete

the annual declaration regarding related party relationships

and transactions, as well as confirming familiarity with and

compliance to the Bidcorp Code of Ethics, Delegated levels

of authority and the contents of the quarterly management

representation: letter. The group received declarations from

690 members of the group-wide management team at

year end (2019: 530 declarations received).

• The group adopts a zero-tolerance approach to fraud,

anti-bribery and corruption, as set out in the Fraud Policy

and Code of Ethics, and will report all acts of criminality

to the authorities.

• The group adopted a malus and claw-back policy, entitling

the stakeholders to request a claw back performance-based

elements of executives’ remuneration should that executive be

found guilty of involvement in a material misstatement of the

financial statements.

Bidcorp donated R1,0 million

to the Solidarity Fund in

South Africa

Bidcorp’s Code of Ethics sets the standard for our behaviour:

http://www.bidcorpgroup.com/code-of-ethics.php

Make the right choice and report unethical behaviour

Anyone can contact the tip-offs line 24 hours a day,

365 days a year, in the language of your choice!

To report an incident: Bidcorp@tip-offs.com

Website: www.tip-offs.com

Chipkins Puratos Bakery School

– a working example of the South

African Spirit of Ubuntu.

Bid Corporation Limited Annual integrated report 2020

75

74

Bid Corporation Limited Annual integrated report 2020

Divisional reviews

ESG review

Leadership review

This is Bidcorp

Financial statements

Divisional reviews

Leadership review

This is Bidcorp

Financial statements

ESG review

managing director

of CAP Leverage Proprietary Limited. He is a former chief

executive officer and: managing director of the Development

Bank of Southern Africa. Paul also served as chief executive

officer and managing director of DBSA Development Fund.

Paul has spent 30 years in the financial services sector, with

both Standard Bank and the Nedbank group. His last

position at Nedbank was as managing director of Nedbank

Africa. Paul has been an independent non-executive director

on many boards locally and internationally, including African

financial institutions. He was a council member of the

Institute of Bankers and also served as chairman of the Ned

Medical Aid. Other boards include Discovery Bank Limited

and Discovery Bank Holdings Limited and CAP Leverage

Proprietary Limited. Paul also serves on various board

committees (audit, risk, remuneration and nominations) as

member and chairman.

David Edward Cleasby

Qualifications: CA(SA)

Age: 58

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Appointed: September 12 2007

Board committee: Acquisitions committee

Experience and expertise: David was financial director of

Rennies Terminals when Bidvest acquired Rennies group

in 1998. In 2001, he joined the Bidvest corporate office

where he was involved in both group corporate finance and

investor relations. David was appointed as Bidvest financial

director on July 9 2007. David managed Bidvest’s interests

in the investments made by the group over the years. David

was appointed as chief financial officer of Bid Corporation

Limited on April 14 2016.

Nigel George Payne

Qualifications: BCom (Hons), CA(SA), MBL (Unisa)

Age: 60

LEAD INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Appointed: March 10 2016

Board committee: Remuneration committee (chairman),

social and ethics committee (chairman), acquisitions committee,

audit and risk committee, nominations committee

Experience and expertise: Nigel is a professional

non-executive director, with no executive responsibilities. He is

a director of the Mr Price Group Limited (chairman), Alexander

Forbes Holdings Limited and Vukile Property Fund Limited.

Clifford Johann Rosenberg*

Qualifications: BBusSci (Hons) (UCT), MScM (Hons)

(Boston University)

Age: 56

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Appointed: September 16 2019

Board committee: Acquisitions committee, remuneration

committee

Experience and expertise: Clifford is a non-executive

director of Nearmap Limited and Technology One Limited

and A2B Limited. Clifford has over 20 years of experience in

the digital space as an entrepreneur and as an executive,

with specific experience in disrupting businesses. His

previous executive roles include Managing

letter

signed and submitted to the group audit and risk committee;

• performs ongoing monitoring of the enterprise‐wide risk assessment process to ensure risks and opportunities are adequately identified, evaluated

and managed at the appropriate level in each business, and that the individual and joint impact of risks identified on the group was considered;

• reviewed legal matters that could have a material impact on the group, as well as considering the adequacy and effectiveness of the group’s

procedures to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory responsibilities; and

• considered reports provided by management, internal assurance providers and the independent auditors regarding compliance with legal and

regulatory requirements and found Bidcorp’s processes to be sound and effective.

Combined assurance

The committee reviewed the plans and reports of the external and internal auditors, as well as other assurance providers including management;

and concluded that these were adequate to address all significant financial risks facing the business.

Chief financial officer (CFO)

The committee:

• considered the appropriateness of the experience and expertise of the CFO and concluded that this is appropriate;

• considered the expertise, resources and experience of the finance function and concluded that these are appropriate; and

• concluded that it is satisfied the appropriate reporting procedures are in place and operating effectively.

Consolidated and separate financial statements

The committee reviewed the consolidated and separate annual financial statements of Bidcorp for the year ended June 30 2020, and the

committee is of the view that, in all material respects, they comply with the relevant provisions of the Companies Act and IFRS, and fairly present

the financial position at that date and the results of its operations and cash flows for the year then ended.

Significant financial statement reporting matters including key audit matters (KAM)

The committee is satisfied with the conduct, quality and independence of PwC in carrying out its external audit of the Bidcorp annual financial

statements (AFS) for the year ended June 30 2020.

The preparation of the consolidated and separate AFS requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the

application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. These are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Judgements

made in the application of IFRS that have influenced the financial statements and estimates with a risk of adjustment in the next year are set out in

note 3.1 to the consolidated AFS. The committee reviewed and endorsed the treatments and disclosures for the matters set out in that note.

In order to provide stakeholders with further insights into its activities and considerations around significant financial reporting matters, the committee

wishes to elaborate on the matters below. As part of these considerations, the committee received updates from management and sought

assurance from the external auditors. The committee was satisfied with the conclusions reached.

Goodwill impairment assessment

The committee received from management the results of the group’s annual goodwill impairment testing. The committee challenged the

methodologies and assumptions used to assess the carrying value of goodwill, including the achievability of business plans and forecasts. Sensitivity

analysis on the key inputs such as discount rates and average trading margins were performed and considered in determining any potential

impairment. The external auditor’s reporting on impairment testing was also reviewed. The committee was satisfied with the conclusions reached

by management and the goodwill related disclosures in the consolidated AFS (refer notes 3 and 8.3).

The committee considered the R793,8 million impairment charge in respect of Guzman Gastronomia SL (Spain) and the R4,1 million impairment

charge in respect of Bidfresh Pty Ltd (South Africa). The committee was satisfied these goodwill impairments were appropriately recognised and that

no further impairments were required.

Audit and risk committee report continued

Duties carried out

The committee has successfully performed its duties during the financial year under review. In the fulfilment of these duties, the major areas of focus

were:

• assessing the impact of the COVID-19 (COVID) pandemic across the group on business risks and related responses, the recoverability of trade

receivables, valuation of inventory, control risks and effectiveness, liquidity and the ability of the group to continue as a going concern, financial

reporting and disclosures, and internal audit focus and priorities;

• the implementation and financial reporting impact of the new IFRS 16 lease accounting standard and related disclosures;

• assessing the carrying value of property, plant and equipment including determination of useful lives and residual values;

• review of goodwill, intangible assets and investments for impairment;

• reviewing the characterisation of assets held-for-sale and discontinued operations;

• reviewing accounting for acquisitions and disposals, accounting for and valuation of contingent consideration and puttable non-controlling interest

liabilities;

• assessing customer and supplier rebates, recognition of deferred tax assets, accounting for equity incentive schemes, as well as other matters

requiring significant judgement; and

• reviewing the application of JSE proactive monitoring and other pronouncements to group reporting.

The committee assessed risks associated with management override of controls, review of related-party transactions, the overall presentation of the

financial information to shareholders and review of the annual integrated report.

In addition to assessing the risks impact of the COVID pandemic, the committee reviewed group risks, including technology and cyber security risks,

that could materially impact the ability of the group to deliver against its objectives and the related mitigation plans, providing feedback where

appropriate.

The committee confirms the following statutory and delegated duties were adequately addressed and sets out the results below:

Financial statements

The committee:

• confirmed, based on management’s review, that the consolidated and separate Bidcorp company financial statements were prepared on the

going concern basis;

• examined the consolidated and separate financial statements and other financial information made public, prior to their approval by the board;

• considered accounting treatments, significant or unusual transactions and accounting judgements;

• considered the appropriateness of accounting policies and any changes made thereto;

• considered any problems identified as well as any legal and tax matters that could materially affect the financial statements; and

• met separately with management, external audit and internal audit, and satisfied themselves that no material control weakness exists.

External audit

The committee:

• recommended the appointment of PwC as the Bidcorp external auditors and Mr E Gerryts as the independent and accredited auditor respectively

to the shareholders for appointment for the financial year ended June 30 2020, of the group and company, and ensured that the appointments

comply with legal and regulatory requirements for the appointment of an audit firm and auditor;

• approved the external audit engagement: letter, the audit plan and the budgeted audit fees payable to the external auditors;

• determined the nature and extent of all non‐audit services provided by the independent auditors and pre‐approved all non‐audit services

undertaken;

• obtained assurances from the independent auditors that adequate accounting records were being maintained;

• confirmed that no reportable irregularities had been identified or reported by the independent auditors under the Auditing Profession Act; and

• recommend that PwC be re-appointed as the Bidcorp external auditors for a second year of tenure for the year ended June 30 2021 at the

2020 annual general meeting. It is noted that Mr E Gerryts is the current individual registered auditor being the designated auditor.

Independence of external auditors, PwC

The committee:

• reviewed representations made by PwC to the committee;

• confirmed that the auditors did not, except as external auditors or in rendering permitted non‐audit services, receive any remuneration or other

benefit from the group;

• confirmed the auditors’ independence was not impaired by any consultancy, advisory or other work undertaken; and

• considered the criteria specified for independence by the Independent Regulatory Board for Auditors and international regulatory bodies and

found no cause for concern or doubt of the independence of the external auditors, PwC.

Internal control and internal audit

The committee:

• reviewed the annual internal audit plans and evaluated the independence, effectiveness and performance of the internal audit function;

• monitored the impact of the COVID pandemic lockdown and travel restrictions on the ability of internal audit to carry out internal audit plans,

review of variation to those plans and assessment of risks to control effectiveness arising from business responses to the pandemic;

ESG review

Leadership review

This is Bidcorp

Financial statements

Divisional reviews

8

Bid Corporation Limited Consolidated annual financial statements 2020

letter submitted through the DARC meetings are reviewed and updated as required for internal

assurance governance process.

The group-wide health and safety awareness programme focused on the reinforcement of internal policies, training programmes and additional warning

mechanisms to ensuring a safe work environment for all. We support our staff through locally implemented and fit-for-purpose wellness programmes.

We remain committed to upholding the highest standards in health and safety initiatives for our staff.

Sadly, the COVID pandemic has resulted in three fatalities within the South African operations during the lockdown period. We extend our sincere

condolences to the families of the deceased, and to those impacted by this global pandemic.

Food safety remains a top priority for the group, with quarterly updates and feedback provided from internal and external assurance providers. Incidents

of listeria and food contamination do occur from time-to-time. However they are identified and quickly responded to through product recalls and

effective communication. We note that there were no serious incidents reported during the year, a non-negotiable standard.

The risk and mitigations processes for fire safety detection, prevention and response remain a key focus area and ongoing monitoring and testing is a

priority.

Bidcorp’s commitment to maintaining an ethical environment is demonstrated through the independently administered Bidcorp whistle-blowing facility.

Group-wide reinforcement of the provision of a globally administered but locally facilitated anonymous tip-offs line is available in all local languages to all

group entities. Review of the details of calls received and management follow-up action is presented to the committee quarterly for review, but

immediately if the nature of the call deems it necessary.

Conclusion

Following the review by the committee for the year ended June 30 2020, the committee is of the opinion that, in all material respects, it has achieved

its objectives for the financial year. The committee notes that there were no items identified by management nor reported directly to the members of

the social and ethics committee by third parties, that would indicate any reportable non‐compliances, in terms of the Companies Act requirements.

Signed on behalf of the social and ethics committee by:

Nigel Payne

Chairman

August 25 2020

ESG review

Leadership review

This is Bidcorp

Financial statements

Divisional reviews

16

Bid Corporation Limited Consolidated annual financial statements 2020:

letter submitted to the Bidcorp GARC.

• Performance of ongoing monitoring of the enterprise-wide risk assessment process to ensure risks and opportunities are adequately

identified, evaluated and managed at the appropriate level in each business, and that the individual and joint impact of risks identified

on the group is considered.

• To review legal matters that could have a material impact on the group, as well as considering the adequacy and effectiveness of the

group’s procedures to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory responsibilities.

• Consideration of reports provided by management, internal assurance providers and the independent auditors regarding compliance

with legal and regulatory requirements.

9.

INVESTMENTS (continued)

9.1

Interest in associates (continued)

Unsecured advances to associates bear interest at a rate of 1,7% to 3,3% (2019: 3,0%) and have no fixed terms of repayment.

A list of the group’s associates, their country of incorporation and principal place of business, the group’s percentage shareholding and an

indication of their nature of business is included in note 12.3.

No individual associate is considered to be material, thus no summarised financial information is supplied in these financial statements.

2020

R’000

2019

R’000

9.2

Investments and loans

Unlisted investments held at fair value through other comprehensive income

26 995

48 908

Unlisted investments held at amortised cost

–

15 405

Unlisted loans held at fair value through other comprehensive income

5 269

6 207

Unlisted loans held at amortised cost

85 043

121 726

117 307

192 246

The group manages its credit risk for investments by investing in reputable instruments.

Unlisted investments held at fair value through other comprehensive income mainly relates to an investment in the SA SME Fund that invests

directly in scalable small and medium enterprises with the best potential for growth and sustainable employment creation in the South

African economy. No dividends were received in 2020 (2019: nil).

During the year a fair value adjustment of R54.1 million (2019: nil) was recorded on the Icelandic Water Holdings ehf investment (IWH).

IWH is a spring water producer from Ölfus, Iceland. The group holds an equity investment of 8,19% (2019: 14,59%) and the fair value of the

investment at June 30 is nil (2019: R48,9 million).

Unlisted loans held at amortised cost relate to customer loans in the Netherlands that have maturities between two and three years.

A register of the investments is available for inspection by shareholders at the registered office of the company.

2020

R’000

2019

R’000

9.3

Investments in jointly-controlled entities

Balance at beginning of year

481 975

401 113

Additions to jointly-controlled entities

–

51 017

Share of profit from jointly-controlled entities

21 091

30 219

Exchange difference

6 867

(374)

Dividends received from jointly-controlled entity

(20 000)

–

Balance at end of year

489 933

481 975

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

for the year ended June 30

ESG review

Leadership review

This is Bidcorp

Financial statements

Divisional reviews

70

Bid Corporation Limited Consolidated annual financial statements 2020:

