letter of representation to participate in the Annual General

Meeting, in the manner stipulated in their Custody Agreement. These instructions must be provided to the CSDP or

Broker by the cut-off time and date advised by the CSDP or Broker, to accommodate such requests.

TMS will assist shareholders with the requirements for electronic participation in, and/ or voting at the Annual

General Meeting. TMS is further obliged to validate (in correspondence with Grindrod and, in particular, the Transfer

Secretary, JSE Investor Services Proprietary Limited (JSE Investor Services) and shareholders’ CSDPs) each such

shareholder’s entitlement to participate in and/ or vote at the Annual General Meeting, before providing it with the

necessary means to access the Annual General Meeting and/ or the associated voting platform.

Shareholders will be liable for their own network charges in relation to electronic participation in and/ or voting at

the Annual General Meeting. Any such charges will not be for the account of the JSE Limited, Grindrod and/ or TMS.

None of the JSE Limited, Grindrod or TMS can be held accountable in the case of loss of network connectivity or other

network failure due to insufficient airtime, internet connectivity, internet bandwidth and/ or power outages which

prevents any such shareholder from participating in and/ or voting at the Annual General Meeting.

Voting by proxy

The minimum percentage of voting rights that is required for the adoption of each ordinary resolution is more

than 50% (fifty percent) of the voting rights exercised on the resolution by shareholders participating electronically

or represented by proxy at the Annual General Meeting, except for ordinary resolution 2.7, which requires

75% (seventy-five percent) approval in terms of the JSE Listings Requirements.

The minimum percentage of voting rights that is required for the adoption of each special resolution is at least

75% (seventy-five percent) of the voting rights exercised on the resolution by shareholders participating electronically

or represented by proxy at the Annual General Meeting.

Shareholders are reminded that they are still able to vote normally through proxy submission, despite deciding to

participate either electronically or not at all in the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders are strongly encouraged

to submit votes by proxy in advance of the Annual General Meeting to the JSE Investor Services, 13th Floor

Rennie House, 19 Amershoff Street, Braamfontein, 2001 (PO Box 4844, Johannesburg, 2000) South Africa, email

meetfax@jseinvestorservices.co.za or facsimile 086 674 2450 by no later than 14:00 on Monday, 24 May 2021.

Kindly ensure that TMS is copied when submitting all completed proxy forms and/ or letters of representation to the

JSE Investor Services.

Notice of the Annual General Meeting continued:

letter of representation to electronically participate at the Annual General

Meeting in person or proxy and vote. If they do not wish to electronically participate in the Annual General Meeting or

by proxy and vote, they must provide the CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody

agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker.

A form of proxy must be lodged with the share transfer secretaries of Grindrod, the JSE Investor Services and copied

to TMS, not less than 48 (forty-eight) hours before the time set for the meeting. Completion of a form of proxy will not

preclude a shareholder from electronically participating in the Annual General Meeting.

By order of the Board

Grindrod Limited

Vicky Commaille

Group Company Secretary

Durban

09 April 2021

Notice of the Annual General Meeting continued

Grindrod Limited

(Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)

Registration number 1966/009846/06

Share code: GND and GNDP

ISIN: ZAE000072328 and ZAE000071106

For use in respect of the 54th Annual General Meeting of Grindrod by certificated shareholders or of dematerialised

shareholders with own-name registration.

Holders of dematerialised ordinary shares, other than those with own-name registration, must inform their CSDP or broker

of their intention to electronically participate in and/or vote at the Annual General Meeting and request their CSDP to issue

them with the necessary: letter of representation, complete the Electronic Participation Form and email same to TMS. If they

do not wish to electronically participate in and/or vote at the Annual General Meeting in person, they should provide their

CSDP with their voting instructions.

I/ We

(full name in block letters)

of

(address in block letters)

being the registered holder/s of

ordinary shares and

preference shares in the capital of Grindrod

do hereby appoint

1.

of

or failing him/her,

2.

of

or failing him/her,

the

