letter to

stakeholders

24

Social and ethics committee report

32

The environment we operate in

35

Material issues, risks and opportunities

38

Our stakeholders

42

Transformation

44

Our people

48

Supporting our communities

52

Environmental report

62

■ OUR PERFORMANCE

68 – 106

Chief Executive Officer’s report

68

Review of operations

78

Chief Financial Officer’s report

98

Financial results summary

103

Value added statement

104

Seven-year review

105

■ OUR GOVERNANCE

108 – 134

Our Board of directors

108

Corporate governance

110

Remuneration committee report

125

■ FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

136 – 199

Directors’ responsibility statement

136

CEO and CFO’s responsibility statement

137

Company Secretary’s certificate

137

Directors’ report

138

Independent auditor’s report

142

Audit and risk committee report

146

Statements of comprehensive income

148

Statements of financial position

149

Statements of changes in equity

150

Statements of cash flows

151

Notes to the financial statements

152

Analysis of shareholders

200

■ ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

200 – 213

Shareholders’ diary

201

Corporate information

201

Notice of virtual annual general meeting

202

Annexure 1 to notice of virtual annual general

meeting

208

Form of proxy

211

Notes to the form of proxy

212

CONTENTS:

letter from the CEO that

introduces the section will be useful for readers seeking detailed

information regarding the Group’s ESG journey.

DEVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF

STRATEGY

The Board is responsible for setting clear strategic direction,

while management is held accountable for delivering measurable

results. The Group’s five-year strategic plans are formulated and

implemented through an effective decision-making framework and

the plans are reviewed annually, in terms of relevance in evolving

external and internal conditions.

In the year under review, pleasing progress was achieved across

all our key performance indicators (“KPIs”): strategic plan; financial

performance; human capital; BBBEE; customer satisfaction;

and cultural fit and values. The CEO’s report on page 24 of

this document provides a detailed scorecard of management’s

execution of these key imperatives.

Following the Board’s annual review, we have formally added the

following KPIs to the executive scorecard: productivity; stakeholder

relations; and ESG matters. While all three of these imperatives

have historically formed part of the strategic plan, we have decided

to upweight their relevance to reflect their increasing significance

in light of changes in our business and the economy and in

recognition of evolving stakeholder expectations.

STAFF SHARE SCHEME VESTING

The Group’s equity-settled Staff Share Scheme is designed to

incentivise employees to participate in the growth and profitability

of the business. In this regard, the third allotment of shares, granted

in 2015, vested on 31 August 2019. A total of 94 employees

qualified, of which 89 employees opted to receive cash and the

balance received the net value of the awards in shares. Cash

payments after tax averaged R128 170 per individual (aggregate

cash payments including income tax totalled R15,1 million), funded

by the sale of the related shares to the market. Employees who

elected to receive shares, received an average of 8 500 Italtile

shares each (dependent on the individual’s effective income

tax rate).

During the review period, a seventh allotment of shares was made,

comprising 5,2 million shares allocated to 231 eligible employees

of the Group and franchisees. As at 30 June 2020, there were

437 participants in the scheme, holding 9,4 million Italtile shares.

DIVIDEND POLICY, ORDINARY DIVIDEND AND

SPECIAL DIVIDEND

The Group’s dividend cover was retained at two-and-a-half times.

We believe this is a prudent level, which affords good returns for

shareholders and simultaneously makes provision for an ongoing

capital investment programme across the retail and manufacturing

operations.

A final gross ordinary cash dividend of 10,0 cents per share

(2019: 19,0 cents) was declared, which, together with the

interim gross ordinary cash dividend of 23,0 cents per share

(2019: 22,0 cents per share), produces a total gross ordinary

cash dividend of 33,0 cents per share, a decrease of 20% on the

prior year.

In light of the BBBEE transaction with Yard Holdings and the

Group’s cash reserves being in excess of operational requirements,

a special cash dividend of 23,0 cents was declared in October

2019. The special dividend, the third paid in three consecutive

years, was declared out of income reserves, reflecting the Group’s

CHAIRMAN’S

STATEMENT CONTINUED

INTRODUCING OUR 2020 INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT

Integrated Annual Report 2020

04:

LETTER TO

STAKEHOLDERS

Italtile’s ESG journey to sustainable

value creation

DEAR STAKEHOLDER

The reports in this section provide insight into our approach and

commitment to environment, social and governance (“ESG”)

imperatives and sustainable value creation – and to the journey

we are undertaking to improve our efforts in this regard.

We recognise that it is logical that companies with high ESG scores

show stronger growth, are perceived better by stakeholders and

are better equipped to thrive over the long term, based on the

premise that issues such as bad governance or environmental

problems damage profitability.

Increasingly frequently in the listed environment, shareholders

identify ESG credentials as having an impact on their decision to

invest in companies. Furthermore, ESG awareness continues to

grow among consumers who prefer to associate with brands that

have admirable reputations and align their words with their

actions. In an Old Mutual Morningstar survey*, 95% of millennials

affirmed that they are interested in sustainable investments and

90% want their investments tailored to match their values. If one

considers that the baby boomer generation is expected to

transfer US$30 trillion in wealth* to these young prospective

investors over the forthcoming decades, the significance is clear.

Notwithstanding the global shift in awareness,

sustainable value creation is not a new concept to

our business.

Founded over 51 years ago, Italtile is a Proudly South African

company, with deep roots in this country. We are mindful that this

long-standing heritage is testament to the contribution of the

people we employ across the Group – and to our key stakeholders

and the natural environment we operate in – who support the

continued growth of Italtile. In this context, we are cognisant of

our duty to responsibly advance the sustainability of our business

and our surrounding communities.

On page 2 of this document, the Chairman outlines the Board’s

focus on ESG sustainability, through transformation, creating jobs

and contributing to local communities and by conducting our

operations in an ethical and responsible manner to continue to

reduce our carbon footprint and enhance the natural environment.

The Chairman also discusses our investment in dovetailing our

innovation strategy with our sustainability strategy, illustrating

how ESG data is incorporated into our investment decision-

making processes.

* https://moneymarketing.co.za, 6 July 2020

COMMITMENT TO KEY UNITED NATIONS

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS

Our core values are partnership, empowerment, fairness, human

dignity, integrity, excellence, honesty and servant leadership.

These values underpin our approach to sustainability and are

supported by rigorous ethics, sound governance and robust risk

management processes and structures.

Our efforts to address environmental, social and governance

challenges and contribute to transformation in our business align

with the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals

(“SDGs”) to promote sustainability by eliminating extreme

poverty, protecting the planet and ensuring prosperity for all. We

recognise these SDGs as being of vital importance to driving

economic growth, addressing social and economic instability and

promoting short, medium and long-term sustainability.

Although not a signatory to the UN Global Compact, we have

identified the following SDGs to which we believe we can

contribute the most and on which we can have the most impact.

Our contribution to these SDGs is largely determined by the

evolving landscape in our operating markets, as well as the

interests and issues raised by our stakeholders.

SUSTAINABILITY

Integrated Annual Report 2020

24:

LETTER TO

STAKEHOLDERS CONTINUED

Q

A

&

SUSTAINABILITY

Integrated Annual Report 2020

26:

LETTER TO

STAKEHOLDERS CONTINUED

SUSTAINABILITY

Integrated Annual Report 2020

28:

LETTER TO

STAKEHOLDERS CONTINUED

SUSTAINABILITY

Integrated Annual Report 2020

30:

DEAR STAKEHOLDERS

Background statement

I am pleased to present Italtile’s Remuneration report for the year

ended 30 June 2020.

The Committee has oversight of the Group’s remuneration

practices and policies. The Committee is focused on responsible

remuneration practices across the Company and strives for fair,

responsible and transparent remuneration through the review of

remuneration practices.

During the year under review, the Chairman of the Remuneration

Committee engaged extensively with a range of shareholders

regarding the remuneration policy. This has resulted in a

refinement of our policy and the successful approval of the new

retention scheme.

The new Italtile Retention Scheme was adopted by shareholders

at a general meeting held on 24 June 2020 with 96% of votes in

favour of the new scheme.

The Company’s remuneration policy and Implementation report

were approved by 95% of shareholders at the Company’s 2019

AGM. We believe that this reflects recognition of our ongoing

commitment to engage with our shareholders and act on

concerns where necessary.

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE AT A GLANCE

As tasked by the Board, the Committee assists in setting the

Company’s remuneration policy and reviews, recommends and

approves the remuneration of executive and non-executive

directors, prescribed officers and senior management. (collectively

referred to as “the executive team”).

A core responsibility of the Remuneration Committee is to ensure

that the remuneration philosophy and policy support Italtile as

follows:

» aligns the executive reward with the Group’s commercial

success and long-term sustainability; and

» supports the Group’s strategic objectives and allows for the

recruitment, motivation and retention of senior executives,

ultimately maximising shareholder value while complying with

relevant legislation and requirements of the King IV.

As per its terms of reference, published on our website, the

Committee’s responsibilities are to:

» assist the Board in developing and setting the Group’s

remuneration policy;

» determine and approve the total remuneration of the executive

team;

» review executive performance contracts;

» determine and approve the performance measures for the

executive team;

» review the compensation basis and proposed average annual

increases for the Group’s employees;

» review remuneration and Board best practice and trends in

order to assess the appropriateness of the remuneration policy;

» review remuneration matters for top management promotions,

transfers and termination of employment;

» oversee any proposed major changes to employee benefit

structures throughout the Group;

» review and recommend short and long-term incentive policies

and targets for directors and executive management;

» set the participation principles for the various remuneration

schemes;

» review and recommend performance management policies;

» ensure compliance with applicable laws and codes;

» advise on the fees for non-executive directors;

» review the Group’s succession plan for executives; and

» review and evaluate the contribution of each executive director

and member of senior management and determine their salary

adjustments on an annual basis, ensuring pay for performance.

Key decisions taken by the Remuneration Committee during the

year under review include:

» approval of increases and adjustments for executives, as well as

the framework for increases for all other employees;

» approval of short and long-term incentive structures and

awards for executives, as well as the framework for all other

employees;

» approved the key performance indicators for the executives;

and

» recommendation of non-executive director fees for approval to

the Board.

As required by the Companies Act and King IV, the following

resolutions will be tabled for shareholder voting at the AGM,

details of which can be found in the AGM notice:

» binding vote on non-executive directors’ fees; and

» non-binding advisory vote on the Group’s remuneration policy

and Implementation report.

In the event that the remuneration policy or Implementation

report is voted against by shareholders exercising 25% or more of

the voting rights, dissenting shareholders will be invited to

engage with the Company. The manner and timing of such

engagement will be provided, if necessary.

REMUNERATION

COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED

OUR GOVERNANCE

Integrated Annual Report 2020

126:

letter of credit has been issued. The forward currency contracts must be in the same currency as the purchased item. It is

the Group’s policy not to enter into forward contracts until a firm commitment is in place.

It is the Group’s policy not to apply hedge accounting, or to trade in derivatives for profit making purposes.

Forward exchange contracts outstanding at the reporting date all fall due within two months (2019: two months), have a

settlement value of R4 million (2019: R5 million) and are denominated in Euro, with an average exchange rate of R19,54:€1

(2019:R16,45:€1, R2,06:CNY1 and R14,19:US$1).

Exchange rates utilised to convert financial information are as follows:

2020

2019

Weighted

average rate

for the year

Closing

rate

Weighted

average rate

for the year

Closing

rate

ZAR:Australian Dollar

10,48:1

11,91:1

10,15:1

9,93:1

ZAR:Botswana Pula

1,39:1

1,45:1

1,33:1

1,33:1

ZAR:Euro

17,31:1

19,45:1

16,19:1

16,10:1

ZAR:Kenyan Shilling

0,15:1

0,16:1

0,14:1

0,14:1

ZAR:Tanzanian Shilling

0,01:1

0,01:1

0,01:1

0,01:1

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Integrated Annual Report 2020

186:

letter of

representation, or they must provide the CSDP or broker with

their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody

agreement/mandate entered into between them and their CSDP

or broker.

Forms of proxy must be lodged with the transfer secretaries of the

Company at the address given below, by no later than 10:30 on

Wednesday, 11 November 2020. Any shareholder who completes

and lodges a form of proxy will nevertheless be entitled to attend

and vote in person at the virtual AGM. Any form of proxy not

delivered by this time may be e-mailed to the chairperson of the

virtual AGM immediately before the appointed proxy exercises

any of the shareholder’s votes at the virtual AGM.

Holders of dematerialised Italtile shares wishing to attend the

virtual AGM must inform their CSDP or broker of such intention

and request their CSDP or broker to issue them with the relevant

authorisation to attend.

Voting at the virtual AGM will be conducted electronically and

shareholders are referred to the voting instructions set out in the

Guide.

ELECTRONIC PARTICIPATION

The AGM will be conducted entirely by electronic communication

and accordingly, shareholders or their proxies will be entitled

to participate in the virtual AGM electronically. All necessary

information as to how to access and utilise the online facility

in order to participate electronically in the AGM is set out in

the Guide.

Any costs incurred by shareholders or their proxies in accessing

and utilising the online facility in order to participate electronically

in the virtual AGM will be for the sole account of such shareholders

or their proxies.

IDENTIFICATION

Accordingly, in accordance with the provisions of section 63(1) of

the Companies Act, all meeting participants, which includes

proxies, will be required to provide reasonably satisfactory

identification in order to participate in and vote at the virtual

AGM. In this regard, shareholders or their proxies are referred to

the verification requirements set out in the Guide.

By order of the Board

E J Willis

Company Secretary

Johannesburg

23 September 2020

Registered office

The Italtile Building

Corner William Nicol Drive and Peter Place

Bryanston, 2021

(PO Box 1689, Randburg, 2125)

Transfer Secretaries

Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited

Rosebank Towers

15 Biermann Avenue

Rosebank, 2196

(Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132)

Integrated Annual Report 2020

207:

letter of representation from their CSDP or broker in order to participate in

and vote at the virtual AGM, and CSDPs or brokers representing those dematerialised shareholders, other than dematerialised shareholders with

“own-name” registration, who do not wish to participate in the virtual AGM but wish to be represented thereat and who have provided their

CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the Custody Agreement entered into between themselves and the CSDP or broker

concerned, all of whom who have provided the Transfer Secretaries with their e-mail address or their mobile phone number, will be e-mailed or

sent the link by SMS to access the virtual meeting platform together with the relevant meeting ID, username and password.

You will then be required to enter your:

(a) Username; and

(b) Password.

You will be able to log into the site from 09:00 on Friday, 13 November 2020.

To register as a shareholder, select ‘I have a login’ and enter your username and password.

If you are a visitor, select ‘I am a guest’

As a guest, you will be prompted to complete all the relevant fields including title, first name, last name and e-mail address.

Please note, visitors will not be able to ask questions or vote at the virtual AGM.

IDENTIFICATION

Before a certificated shareholder or dematerialised shareholder with “own-name” registration may participate in and vote at the virtual AGM,

such shareholder will be required to provide the Transfer Secretaries, prior to the commencement of the virtual AGM, with satisfactory

identification. This may include a copy of the identity document, passport or driver’s licence of such shareholder.

Dematerialised shareholders, other than dematerialised shareholders with “own-name” registration, who wish to participate in and vote at the

virtual AGM and who have requested a: letter of representation from their CSDP or broker, will need to be verified by their CSDP or broker prior

to being issued a letter of representation.

ANNEXURE 1 TO

NOTICE OF VIRTUAL AGM

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Integrated Annual Report 2020

208

letter

of representation to attend the virtual AGM in person or by proxy and vote. If they do not wish to attend the virtual AGM in person or by proxy,

they must provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant Custody Agreement entered into between them

and the CSDP or broker. These shareholders must not use this form of proxy.

Each shareholder is entitled to appoint one or more proxies (who need not be a shareholder of the Company) to attend, speak and vote in place

of that shareholder at the virtual AGM. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company.

I/we

(full name(s) in block letters)

of (address)

Telephone work

Telephone home

Cellphone number

E-mail address

1. being the holder/custodian of

ordinary shares in the Company, hereby appoint (see note): or, failing him/her

2.

or, failing him/her

3. the Chairperson of the virtual AGM,

as my/our proxy to attend and act for me/us on my/our behalf at the virtual AGM convened for the purpose of considering and, if deemed fit,

passing, with or without modification, the resolutions to be proposed thereat and at each adjournment or postponement thereof, and to vote

for and/or against such resolutions, and/or to abstain from voting for and/or against the resolutions, in respect of the shares in the issued share

capital of the Company registered in my/our name in accordance with the following instructions:

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary Resolution No 1.1

Re-election of Mr G A M Ravazzotti

Ordinary Resolution No 1.2

Re-election of Mrs S M du Toit

Ordinary Resolution No 1.3

Re-election of Mr S G Pretorius

Ordinary Resolution No 1.4

Re-election of Ms N P Khoza

Ordinary Resolution No 2

Election of Mr I N Malevu

Ordinary Resolution No 3

Re-appointment of external auditor

Ordinary Resolution No 4

Election of Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary Resolution No 4.1

Election of Mrs S M du Toit

Ordinary Resolution No 4.2

Election of Ms N P Khoza

Ordinary Resolution No 4.3

Election of Mr S G Pretorius

Ordinary Resolution No 4.4

Election of Mr I N Malevu

Ordinary Resolution No 5

Non-binding advisory endorsement of the Company’s remuneration

policy and implementation report

Ordinary Resolution No 5.1

Endorsement of the Company’s remuneration policy

Ordinary Resolution No 5.2

Endorsement of the Company’s implementation report

Ordinary Resolution No 6

Unissued shares to be placed under the control of the directors

Ordinary Resolution No 7

General authority to issue shares, and to sell treasury shares, for cash

Special Resolution No 1

Acquisition of own securities

Special Resolution No 2

Financial assistance to related and inter-related entities

Special Resolution No 3

Approval of non-executive directors’ remuneration

Ordinary Resolution No 8

Authority to sign documentation

Insert an “X” in the relevant spaces above according to how you wish your votes to be cast. If no directions are given, the holder of the proxy

will be entitled to vote or abstain from voting as that proxy deems fit.

This proxy shall be valid only for the virtual AGM of shareholders of the Company to be held on Friday, 13 November 2020 and any adjournment

or postponement thereof.

Signed at

on

2020

Signature

assisted by (where applicable)

Please read the notes on the reverse side hereof.

Italtile Limited

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa

(Registration number 1955/000558/06)

Share code: ITE ISIN: ZAE000099123

(“Italtile” or “the Company”)

FORM OF

PROXY

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Integrated Annual Report 2020

211:

