managing director

of Ayavuna Women’s Investments. After

her time at Ayavuna, she spent time in

strategic consulting and infrastructural

development and HR. She is currently

a Trustee of Ayavuna Trust, a board

member at Assore Ltd where she

chairs the social and ethics committee

and Zimplats, where she chairs the

remuneration committee. She is the

chairman of Jojose Investments. She

chairs the remuneration committee at the

Competition Commission. Ms Mgoduso

was appointed to the Metair board on

1 March 2016 and serves as chairperson

of the remuneration committee. She was

appointed to the nominations committee

with effect from 27 September 2018

and was appointed as lead independent

director with effect from 17 February

2020.

REMCOM NOMCO 5

TN Mgoduso 64

Independent non-executive director

MA (Clinical Psychology)

Appointed to the board in 2016

Mr Douwenga qualified as a Chartered

Accountant in 2003 after completing

his articles with PwC, and then spent

approximately eight years in PwC’s

deals division where he gained extensive

experience in acquisitions across various

sectors within Africa and Europe.

Mr Douwenga first started working

with Metair in 2011 during the Rombat

acquisition and was subsequently

appointed as business development

director at First National Battery during

2013 where he was primarily involved

in operational and financial evaluation

and execution of new acquisitions,

most notably Mutlu Akü in Turkey. He was

subsequently appointed as chief financial

officer in 2014.

Mr Douwenga served as interim CEO

from 1 to 31 January 2021.

IC 8

S Douwenga 41

Chief financial officer

B Comm (Hons), CA (SA)

Appointed to the board in 2014

Ms Motau is a Chartered Accountant

and also holds an MPhil in Development

Finance from the University of

Stellenbosch. She currently serves as

an independent non-executive director

on the boards of Harmony Gold Mining

Ltd and Merafe Resources Limited. In

addition, she serves as a non-executive

credit committee member of FirstRand

Financial Institutions Credit Committee,

the Industrial Development (IDC)’s

Special Credit Committee and an audit

committee member of the Auditor

General of South Africa’s office. She

previously worked as an Audit Partner at

KPMG’s Energy and Natural Resources

Division until March 2015. Furthermore,

Ms Motau has held various management

and advisory roles at organisations that

include Blue IQ Investments, the National

Treasury of South Africa and the IDC.

She was appointed to the Metair board

on 1 November 2016 and is a member

of the audit and risk committee and the

investment committee.

Ms Motau resigned from the board with

effect 31 December 2020.

AC IC 4

HG Motau 45

Independent non-executive director

CA(SA), MPhil Development Finance

Resigned 31 December 2020

Strategic review

Shareholder

information

Annual financial

statements

Supplementary

schedules

Governance

Sustainability

Performance

review

Who we are

KEY

AC

Audit and risk

committee

REMCOM Remuneration

committee

Investment

committee

SAEC

Social and ethics

committee

NOMCO Nomination

committee

Committee

Chairperson

Executive director

Non-executive

director

Years of service

IC:

Managing Director of Richards Bay

Minerals. He previously held leadership,

operational and technical roles at

Anglo American (Kumba Iron Ore),

the De Beers Group and AngloGold

Ashanti. Mr Mawasha is passionate about

education and the development of others.

He is a member of the Witwatersrand

University Mining Advisory Council. In

2017, he was selected as a Young Global

Leader of the World Economic Forum.

Mr Mawasha was appointed to the Metair

board and the audit and risk committee

on 1 March 2018. On 2 May 2019,

he was appointed as chairman of the

investment committee and member of the

nominations committee.

AC

IC

NOMCO 3

B Mawasha 42

Independent non-executive director

BSc (Eng), ADP, MDP, GCC

Appointed to the board in 2018

Mr Flemming joined African Oxygen

Limited in the gases division in 1985 as

the Financial Systems Manager for the

Witwatersrand. He was appointed as

the financial executive for the healthcare

division of African Oxygen Limited in 1994

and as general business manager in

1997. Following the merger with the listed

entity Presmed, the merged company

was listed on the Johannesburg stock

exchange in 1999. Mr Flemming was

appointed CEO of Afrox Healthcare in

2002. The company was taken private

in 2005 and relisted in 2010 as Life

Healthcare and Mr Flemming served

as CEO until his retirement in 2014.

He serves as a non-executive director on

the board of Medicover AB, an unlisted

healthcare service company operating

in Eastern Europe, the UK and India.

He was appointed to the Metair board

on 1 March 2019 and as the chairman of

the audit and risk committee on 2 May

2019. Mr Flemming was appointed to the

nominations committee on 17 February

2020 and to the social and ethics

committee on 29 January 2021.

Mr Flemming, will replace Mr Pretorius

as chairman of the board following the

conclusion of the 2021 AGM.

SAEC

NOMCO AC

2

CMD Flemming 64

Independent non-executive director

B Comm, Bachelor of Law, B Prok,

AMP Harvard

Appointed to the board in 2019

Mr Sithole is the CEO and co-founder of

Value Capital Partners Pty Limited (VCP).

Prior to starting VCP, he was at Brait for

more than eight years as an executive

director. Prior to Brait, Mr Sithole was a

partner at Deloitte, where he spent six

years as an audit partner and departed

the firm as group leader for the Financial

Services Audit Practice in Johannesburg.

He currently also holds directorships,

among others, in Altron, Adcorp and Sun

International. Mr Sithole was appointed

to the Metair board on 1 March 2019

and to the remuneration and nominations

committees on 2 May 2019.

REMCOM NOMCO 2

S Sithole 48

Independent non-executive director

BAcc (Hons), CA(SA), CA(Z) Program for

Leadership Development (Harvard Business

School), Diploma in Banking (UJ)

Appointed to the board in 2019

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY continued:

managing director of Kamva

Investments, an investment holding entity

with a focus on unlisted investments and

M&A advisory. Ms Sithebe also serves

on the board of Dis-Chem Pharmacies

Limited, Infinity Anchor Fund and E

Squared Investments’ finance and risk

committee. Ms Sithebe holds a BCom.Acc

(RAU) with Honours (UNISA) and an MBA

from GIBS.

Ms Sithebe was appointed as an

independent non-executive director and a

member of the audit and risk committee

with effect from 1 January 2021 and to the

social and ethics committee with effect

from 29 January 2021.

AC

SAEC

A Sithebe 38

Independent non-executive director

BCom Accounting (Hons), CA (SA), MBA

Appointed to the board in 2021

Strategic review

Shareholder

information

Annual financial

statements

Supplementary

schedules

Governance

Sustainability

Performance

review

Who we are

AC

Audit and risk

committee

REMCOM Remuneration

committee

Investment

committee

SAEC

Social and ethics

committee

NOMCO Nomination

committee

Committee

Chairperson

Executive director

Non-executive

director

Years of service

IC:

managing director of

Robertson and Caine Proprietary Limited

and has a wealth of experience in the

automotive industry, gained through

various senior roles, including, inter alia,

project director at Jaguar Land Rover

U.K, vice president at BMW Group and

plant coordinator of Metalsa South Africa.

He will be appointed as an independent

non-executive director and a member of

the investment committee of Metair with

effect from 1 May 2021.

IC

Ms Vermaak joined the company in

August 1998 and was appointed as

company secretary in March 2001 and

group finance manager in July 2003.

From 1 April 2015, she shifted focus from

finance and was appointed as group risk

and compliance manager. She completed

her B Comm Financial Management

degree (cum laude) in 2005 on a part time

basis and has 22 years’ experience in the

listed company environment.

22

PH Giliam 65

Independent non-executive director

B Eng (Hons)

Will be appointed to the board in May 2021

S Vermaak 55

Company secretary

B Comm (Fin M) AIRMSA

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY continued:

managing director’s conference and progress on the prior year’s targets

are reported back on to drive accountability and implementation.

The Metair board started a strategy review process in December

2019 with the goal of potentially enhancing shareholder value.

The review concluded that Metair’s two business verticals are in

different strategic positions and that a managed separation of the

two verticals will unlock value for stakeholders. This was supported

by unsolicited expressions of interest received for the Energy

Storage Vertical, and in particular, Mutlu Akü in Turkey.

Metair’s winning aspirations

Sustaining relevance in a fast-

changing competitive world

Delivering above-average,

balanced and sustainable

returns to our shareholders

Operating at the highest

standards when it comes to

people, the environment as

well as health and safety

Being an ethical, value-driven

and responsible organisation

The board continued to assess the best options of potentially

unlocking shareholder value in the first quarter of 2020, including

keeping the Energy Storage business as a separate vertical or

potentially selling it. However, the process was deferred when the

COVID-19 pandemic arrived in South Africa, with the focus shifting

to the COVID-19 response strategy (see page 29). The strategy

review will resume in the second half of 2021 to allow the new CEO

and board members to provide input.

The strategic focus during 2020 was on implementing the

COVID-19 response strategy, maximising the value potential for

the Energy Storage Vertical and executing on the growth and

expansion opportunities available for the Automotive Components

Vertical.

Strategic positioning – Automotive

Components Vertical

Metair started as a supplier of products to Toyota SA more than

60 years ago and the Automotive Component Vertical has grown

and diversified to supply a broad range of automotive components

to all seven OEMs in South Africa. Aftermarket products include

brakes, filters, spark plugs and heat-exchange-product spares.

Automotive Component Vertical

Strategic intent:

Strategic enablers:

Nurture our automotive

components business with

participation in selected growth

opportunities and to be a

mega parts supplier in the

South African environment.

• Partnership value proposition

• Government Automotive

Production and Development

Programme (APDP) scheme

• Market access

• Localisation opportunity

• B-BBEE status

• Manufacturing excellence

• Planned new vehicle launches

• Africa market focus and access

• Local commodities

With the shift to electric vehicles (EVs) gathering momentum,

the majority of our automotive component and commodity-based

products remain relevant, particularly wiring harnesses, lighting

units, heating and cooling systems and springs. The increasing

complexity required in these components also increases the

technology requirements and their unit value. South Africa’s

policy framework, global trade dynamics and OEM manufacturing

decisions have provided significant support for long-term growth

in the South African automotive industry. COVID-19 has increased

OEMs’ focus on simplifying supply chains by sourcing components

close to the OEM manufacturing facilities (localisation). The APDP

also incentivises localisation and B-BBEE. The COVID-19

pandemic led to a delay in the review of the APDP 2035

implementation, which is now likely to be completed in 2021.

South Africa appears to be becoming a favoured destination for

particular models and variants, and several OEMs are shifting

manufacture of legacy internal combustion engine models to

South Africa as the manufacturing facilities in their home countries

move to production of EVs. All of Metair’s major South African OEM

customers are introducing new models in the next two to five years

with some limited introduction of their EV technology.

Currently, more than 60% of motor vehicle production in South

Africa is exported globally, but largely to the EU. Demand for ICUs

remain high, and this export percentage is likely to increase as

some of the new launches planned will have a major export focus,

delinking the production from local demand to a large degree.

Metair’s share of market is also growing on the back of increased

localisation as well as securing significant Ford business potentially

delivering R32 billion to R35 billion in turnover over a 10-year

period commencing in 2022.

The increased proportion of exports into different markets,

variability in customer demand across vehicle platforms and the

need for OEMs to provide regular facelifts to existing models

makes it very difficult to accurately forecast volumes and plan

manufacturing. As a result, component manufacturers have to

work very closely with OEMs and ensure that production is agile

and responsive.

2 Throughout this report, “long-term” refers to 5+ years, “medium-term”

refers to two to five years and “short-term” indicates a one-year period.:

letter of appointment that is given to the director on appointment.

The induction process includes:

• A welcome pack which includes all the relevant documentation required, amongst others:

• CEO top of mind issues

• Board and committee charters

• Results presentations

• The MoI

• JSE Listings Requirements summary

• A discussion with the Metair CEO to give the director the required level of understanding of the business, operations

and industry as well as an outline of the company’s vision and strategy.

• A general discussion with Metair’s CFO and company secretary.

• A visit to major subsidiaries with the Metair CEO and/or CFO.

• Provision of a copy of Metair’s meeting schedule with all relevant board and committee meeting work plans, dates and times.

• Provision of a copy of the latest Metair integrated annual report.

Board training

Continuous training and development are an important contributor to board effectiveness. Board training is scheduled

annually on topical subjects by external and internal experts.

The following training programmes were arranged in 2020:

• Protection of Personal Information Act (POPIA) legislation update

• Directors and Officers duties and insurance

The following training will be scheduled in 2021:

• JSE Listings Requirements refresher and update

The board reviews and approves all committee charters and terms of reference annually. All charters were updated and approved during

the year.

Board performance (continued)

Refer to the specific committee disclosures for more information.

Investment committee

Main areas of responsibility

The investment committee analyses investment opportunities

which are presented by executive management. Once the

opportunities are approved by the committee, they are submitted

to the board for final approval.

The committee aims to optimise capital allocation in a manner which

sustainably creates and optimises stakeholder value. The committee

weighs and evaluates capital proposals required for operational

capital, strategic capital and shareholder capital, and includes the

review of overall capital levels, individual capital projects, investment

and divestment opportunities, as well as financing proposals by

applying specific, detailed investment criteria.

The committee will also be focusing on post investment review

documents to track performance on previously approved

investments going forward.

The committee does not assume the functions of management,

which remain the responsibility of the executive directors and other

members of senior management. In the execution of their duties,

committee members must apply the standards of conduct of

directors as set out in section 76 of the Companies Act 71 of 2008

(the Act) and directors’ personal financial interests as set out in

section 75 of the Act.

Committee composition

The committee comprises two independent non-executive

directors and one executive director.

Member

Permanent invitees

Mr B Mawasha (chairman)

Mr CT Loock*

Ms HS Motau*

Ms NL Mkhondo

Mr S Douwenga

* Ms Motau resigned and Mr Loock retired effective 31 December 2020

Mr Giliam will be appointed with effect from 1 May 2021.

INVESTMENT COMMITTEE TENURE –

NUMBER OF DIRECTORS50+50

50%

50%

n Less than 3 years n 3 to 5 years

Who we are

Shareholder

information

Annual financial

statements

Supplementary

schedules

Governance

Sustainability

Performance

review

Strategic review:

letter and in spirit;

• The strategic and annual internal audit plans are risk based

and provide the level of coverage and assurance required by

management and the audit committee;

• Individual projects are appropriately staffed at director and

manager level;

• The scope of the project is appropriately determined and

communicated;

• The reporting deadlines and standards are consistently met;

• Internal quality assurance is performed by the manager and

director on the assignment to ensure that the deliverable is of

exceptional standard, meets the requirements of the scope: letter

and the approved internal audit plan;

• The director and manager’s responsibility includes monitoring

that the turnaround time for issuing reports is met; and

• The committee has a good working relationship with KPMG.

Chief financial officer review

The committee has reviewed the performance, appropriateness,

experience and expertise of the CFO, Mr S Douwenga, and

confirms his suitability in terms of the JSE Listings Requirements.

Integrated annual report

The committee has reviewed the annual financial statements of

Metair Investments Limited and the group for the year ended

31 December 2020 and, based on the information provided to

the committee, considers that the group complies in all material

respects with the requirements of the Act and International

Financial Reporting Standards. The committee has reviewed the

integrated annual report and the committee recommends the

report to the board and shareholders for approval.

On behalf of the board audit and risk committee,

CMD Flemming

Audit and risk committee chairman

17 March 2021

Who we are

Shareholder

information

Annual financial

statements

Supplementary

schedules

Governance

Sustainability

Performance

review

Strategic review

Managing director

MERSETA

Manufacturing, Engineering and Related Services SETA

MIB

Metair International Battery Metair’s battery marketing organisation

MOI

Memorandum of Incorporation

MWh

Megawatt hours

NAACAM

National Association of Automotive Component and Allied Manufacturers of South Africa

NAAMSA

National Association of Automobile Manufacturers South Africa

NAV

Net asset value

OE

Original Equipment

OEM

Original Equipment Manufacturer

OHSAS

Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series

EBIT

Profit before interest and tax

PHW

Person-hours worked

RCF

Revolving Credit Facility

ROE

Return on equity

ROIC

Return on invested capital

SABS

South African Bureau of Standards

SAICA

South African Institute of Chartered Accountants

SANS

South African National Accreditation System

SENS

Stock Exchange News Service

SETA

Sector Education and Training Authority – Skills development institutions established by the Skills Development Act in

South Africa

SHE

Safety, health and environment

STIP

Short-term incentive plan

TCFD

Taskforce for Climate-related Financial Disclosure

TL

Turkish Lira

TSAM

Toyota South Africa Motors

TSR

Total shareholders return

UWC

University of the Western Cape

VCA

Vehicle Certification Agency

VCT

Voluntary counselling and testing

WACC

Weighted average cost of capital:

letter of support of R3.6 million (2019: R3.6 million) granted to Valeo for overdraft facilities. The risk of default

is considered remote. The associate companies operate in the automotive component industry and manufacture automotive parts

and batteries for OE and aftermarket segments.

The group's associates are private entities and there is no quoted market price available for shares.

The group owns 74.9% of the majority of the voting rights in Hesto. However, the Shareholder’s Agreement stipulates that

unanimous consent is required for all decisions relating to the relevant activities of Hesto. The other shareholder also has a

currently exercisable and substantive option (call option) that results in Metair accounting for the investment as an associate.

Hesto manufactures and sells automotive wiring harnesses and related components in South Africa. Hesto is a strategic and

specialist automotive component manufacturer which provides the group with OE product and market focus as well being a

product differentiator. Hesto’s results are also included in the group’s segmental analysis, as a managed associate.

The group’s 35% investment in Romanian Li-ion battery maker, Prime, establishes an incubation, research and development

centre for Li-ion development and to accelerate production of Li-ion batteries for the European market.

The market effect caused by the Covid-19 pandemic in Germany had a significant impact on the group’s 25% associate

investment, Akkumulatorenfabrik MOLL (“MOLL”). MOLL applied for liquidation as shareholders decided not to inject more capital

into the business given the extended outlook for recovery of the business and reliance on key OE customers. Metair has

therefore impaired the remaining R108 million investment (2019: R25 million) in MOLL.

ABM owns the Chloride and Exide brands for the Kenyan as well as Tanzanian and Ugandan markets. The ABM group is purely

aftermarket and represents significant potential for synergies and technology transfer in maintenance free batteries for

automotive and lithium batteries for solar.

Who we are

Shareholder

information

Annual financial

statements

Supplementary

schedules

Sustainability

Performance

review

Strategic review

Governance:

