MANAGING DIRECTOR’S

REPORT

44

MATERIAL MATTERS

AND THE SUSTAINABLE

DEVELOPMENT GOALS

68

GOVERNANCE REPORT

86

ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

175

GLOSSARY

IBC

DIRECTORATE AND

ADMINISTRATION

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

1:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

While we do not report on the six capitals as

described by the <IR> Framework, we follow

a stakeholder-orientated approach to materiality

that considers them all. We act as stewards of all

six capitals by living our purpose: Creating a

Future, Enhancing Life.

We welcome feedback on this report. To make contact

or request an electronic copy of this report, contact

our Company Secretaries, Ohlthaver & List Centre

(Proprietary) Limited, on telephone: +264 61 207 5111

or email: Wiesla.Descande@ol.na. We publish our

integrated annual report, interim results, and

our annual financial statements on our website

at https://nambrew.com/investor-hub/archive/

REPORTING BOUNDARY AND

COMPARABILITY

NBL forms part of the O&L Group, which indirectly

holds an effective 29.69% stake in NBL. This report’s

financial and non-financial data is limited to NBL

and its subsidiaries and associate. Full details of the

latter entities are set out in Annexure C of the

annual financial statements. There were no changes

to the ownership, structures or reporting approach

since the 2019 report.

THE 2019/2020 NOVEL CORONAVIRUS

AND KEY DATES

To compare information in this report to 2019,

readers have to consider the impact of the

2019/2020 novel coronavirus on business activities

and performance. In this report, we reference the

2019/2020 novel coronavirus as ‘the coronavirus’,

‘the virus’, ‘COVID-19’ and ‘the pandemic’,

interchangeably. Please note the following

key dates:

zz

31 December 2019: The Wuhan Municipal

Health Commission reported a cluster of cases

of pneumonia in Wuhan, China. A novel

coronavirus was eventually identified and

classified as COVID-19.

zz

30 January 2020: The World Health Organization

declared COVID-19 as a public health emergency

of international concern.

zz

14 March 2020: Namibia’s Minister of Health

and Social Services announced that COVID-19

had reached Namibia.

zz

23 March 2020 – 1 June 2020: South Africa

entered a national state of lockdown on 23 March.

It included a moratorium on alcohol production

and sales, as well as inter-provincial and

international travel. The ban on alcohol sales partly

lifted once lockdown transitioned to level three

on 1 June. This lockdown drastically affected

Heineken South Africa’s (Heineken SA) business,

as well as NBL’s ability to source inputs from

South Africa, and transport products between

countries including volumes to South Africa.

zz

27 March 2020 – 4 May 2020: Namibia’s Khomas

and Erongo regions entered a 21-day stage one

absolute lockdown on 27 March, which included

alcohol prohibition. NBL has offices, production

and distribution facilities in these regions. On

14 April, the lockdown became national and

was extended until 4 May. As Namibia’s Liquor

Act 1998 (No. 6 of 1998) (Liquor Act) currently

only applies to liquor containing 3% or more

alcohol by volume, NBL could still sell some of

its beverages, such as Tafel Radler, Windhoek

Non-Alcoholic and Windhoek Light.

zz

5 May 2020 – 1 June 2020: Namibia entered

stage two of its lockdown, and Government

prohibited the sale of beverages with any degree

of alcohol content, including Tafel Radler,

Windhoek Non-Alcoholic and Windhoek Light.

zz

2 June 2020: Namibia entered lockdown stage

three. Alcohol sales were allowed under stringent

trading conditions.

NBL’s export markets each implemented a range of

restrictions and lockdown measures which limited or

prohibited trade.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

3:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

N$2 646 million

REVENUE

2019: N$3 098 million

-14.6%

N$453 million

OPERATING PROFIT

2019: N$652 million

-30.5%

126.5 cents

EARNINGS PER SHARE

2019: 450.8 cents

-71.9%

850.2 cents

NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE

2019: 946.7 cents

-10.2%

53 cents (FINAL)

53 cents (INTERIM)

DIVIDEND DECLARED PER SHARE

2019: 50 cents (final ordinary), 50 cents (interim), 121.05 (special)

21.5%

RETURN ON ASSETS

2019: 32%

-32.8%

-16.6%

TOTAL VOLUMES SOLD

2019: +13.8%

4.2%

TOTAL VOLUMES EXPORTED

EXCL SOUTH AFRICA

2019: 2.6%

36.0%

LOCAL PROCUREMENT SPEND

2019: 35%

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

5:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

The year 2020 marks a significant moment in the history of NBL as we celebrate our

first century as a proudly Namibian brewer. From humble beginnings when everyone

saw four distressed breweries, we saw potential. As one of a few large-scale independent

breweries in Africa, NBL remains committed to the Reinheitsgebot (“Purity Law”) of 1516,

providing consumers with a guarantee of quality and the use of three natural ingredients:

malted barley, hops and water. Looking back at monumental moments, brave decisions

and dreams which at the time might have seemed impossible, we are proud to have

stood the test of time, achieving many milestones and great successes. The last year also

humbled us as we experienced a myriad of economic and social challenges. However, as

proven over the past 100 years, we once again endured.

As a Group, we have taken a strong stance to increase

our role in promoting responsible behaviour, and

extending this beyond the drinking occasion, rallying

consumers around responsible behaviour whether

shopping, socialising, entertaining or simply just

enjoying their favourite beverage.

Purposeful leadership

Being “purposeful” is a key pillar in our 2025

Breakthrough Strategy (read more on page 28)

which requires us to be the best versions of

ourselves in order to unlock the full potential of

everyone. In pursuit of our Vision 2025 of “being a

catalyst for positive change, creating new realities

and fulfilling dreams”, we have rallied our

employees around our purpose and vision to

co-create our desired future together. We are

looking over the horizon with imagination,

innovation, transformation and breakthroughs

second to none as we are confident this will enable

us to accelerate a sustainable economy so that all

Namibians enjoy prosperity. With leadership setting

the tone, we have experienced our employees’ belief

in the freshly expanded vision to be synchronised

fully embracing individual and collective ownership

of our Breakthrough Strategy. Employees

collectively own, not only their own future, but also

the future of the Company, the O&L Group and

ultimately, the future of our country and her people.

The result is a marked increase of inspired

employees with positive energy, innovation and

productivity delivering breakthrough results which

we believe will aid us going forward as we activate

the ‘Genius’ of our people – no matter how difficult

things might seem.

Leading responsible drinking

In responding to the consumer trend towards low

and non-alcoholic products, NBL developed and

launched Windhoek Non-Alcoholic beer with less

than 0.5% alcohol in September last year, reaffirming

our commitment to continuous innovation. This is

complementary to our long-standing leadership

in promoting responsible drinking in Namibia.

We remain committed to producing quality alcoholic

beverages as part of one of the oldest industries

in the world and engaging our consumers with

experiences whereby they can enjoy life responsibly.

Building trust in a digital world

Despite all the challenges and changes in how we

work and interact that COVID-19 brought along,

we cannot ignore the opportunities it presents.

We are creating new realities and embracing new

possibilities; unleashing the unlimited potential in

everyone; delivering beyond expectations; everyone

having fun and bringing out the best versions of

themselves in a culture of continuous innovation

where anything is possible in order to sustain the

future – all opportunities to continue unlocking,

going forward. As a matter of fact, this culture is

fast becoming our new norm in how we lead both

our people and our business, as business as usual

is simply not relevant anymore. As purposeful and

breakthrough leaders – deeply connected to our

purpose “Creating a Future, Enhancing Life” – we

are passionately committed to keeping the O&L

dream alive by embracing a positive vision of how

we will succeed as a business, as communities and as

people. We, want to enable and move not only NBL

and O&L but our country at large forward, towards

a prosperous future for all of us!

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

7:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

Creating a Future, Enhancing Life

We are passionate about our country and relentless in

pursuit of our purpose: “Creating a Future, Enhancing

Life”. Cognisant of the fact that we face a challenging

time ahead, post COVID-19, we are also excited about

the opportunities that come along with any crisis. NBL

is committed to continue staying on top of its game in

quality supply, both locally and in export markets. We

are proud to keep the name of Namibia high on the

lips of those that enjoy our world-class products and

remain committed to ensure continued compliance to

the more than 500-year-old Reinheitsgebot to brew

and deliver quality products on a consistent basis,

which NBL has become known and awarded for

globally. Reflecting on the past 100 years, we are

confident that together with the support of our

employees, consumers, customers and stakeholders,

we will make our country great again!

2020 dividend

The Board declared a final dividend of 53 cents per

ordinary share to bring the total dividend for 2020

to 106 cents, and no special dividend was declared

(2019: 100 cents total dividend, in addition to a

special dividend of 121.05 cents). Payment will be

made to shareholders of ordinary shares registered in

the books of the Company at close of business on

9 October 2020 and will be paid on 13 November 2020.

Sven Thieme

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

9:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

The mainstream segment is

the core of our portfolio. It

provides choice through a

range of quality offerings

that complement various

occasions and are suited to

repertoire consumption.

MAINSTREAM

SEGMENT

Tafel

Lager

Tafel

Lite

Strongbow Cider:

Gold and Red

Berries

Windhoek

Draught

Amstel

Lager

Amstel

Lite

We craft premium offerings

from imported quality

ingredients to meet a

growing consumer need for

brands that signify status

and individuality.

PREMIUM

BEER

Windhoek

Lager

Heineken

Camelthorn

Hansa

Draught

This category offers quality

beer at affordable prices for

consumers seeking value

brands.

VALUE

SEGMENT

King Lager

This category offers a lighter

alternative to consumers

who enjoy the taste of beer

but prefer to avoid the

negative effects of alcohol.

It caters for those who make

deliberate lifestyle and

health choices.

LOW AND

NON-ALCOHOLIC

BEER

Windhoek

Light beer

Windhoek

Non-Alcoholic

beer

Tafel Radler:

Lemon

Tafel Radler:

Grapefruit

These brands diversify our

portfolio into adjacent

categories that appeal to

consumers who abstain from

alcohol consumption either

as a lifestyle choice or on

select occasions. This range

actively supports our

responsible drinking agenda.

SOFTS/WATER

PORTFOLIO

AquaSplash:

still, sparkling

and flavoured

McKane: range of mixers

Fruitree

Find detail about each brand’s positioning, formats and sizes, as well as the projects, people and causes they sponsor,

on our website at www.nambrew.com.

OUR BEVERAGE BRANDS

“As part of the O&L Group, we let our purpose of Creating a Future, Enhancing Life

and our value system inspire our unrelenting pursuit of perfection.”

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

13:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

SOUTH AFRICA

30.39%

Zambia

Tanzania

NAMIBIA

65.39%

Other

African

countries

Rest of

the world

SUMMARY OF VOLUME

SHARE PER MARKET/REGION

2.52%

0.69%

0.11%

0.90%

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

15:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

While the 21st century began relatively quietly, a spike

in food prices and the housing market crash in the

United States triggered a global recession towards the

latter part of the decade, while swine flu spread

through the world. The Angolan Civil War continued,

and, at its peak, caused more than 30 000 expatriates

to take refuge in Namibia.

NBL’s operations ramped up. It formed a strategic

partnership with Diageo and Heineken SA, with DHN

Drinks (Proprietary) Limited subsequently established

to market, sell and distribute a combined beer, spirits

and cider portfolio in South Africa.

NBL was a key player in establishing the Self-

Regulating Alcohol Industry Forum (SAIF), which

raises awareness about the dangers of excessive

alcohol consumption, and we were further a founding

member of the Recycle Namibia Forum.

In the 2010s, southern Africa was slow to recover from the recession, and Namibia

was impacted by a long drought.

In 2011, the O&L Group developed its purpose statement: Creating a Future,

Enhancing Life. This was accompanied by an eight-year strategy cycle, with a

refined 2025 Breakthrough Strategy being implemented from 2020.

We believe in contributing to Namibia’s economic prosperity, which includes

minimising our impact on its resources. Since 2012, NBL installed a solar energy

facility, became CO2 independent, and invested in becoming borehole water and

thermal energy independent.

In 2012 NBL sold over 1 million hectolitres of beer in Namibia for the first time

in its history. Diversification of the portfolio of beverages included brands such as

AquaSplash and revamped and relaunched McKane. As such, NBL transitioned

from a brewery to a beverage manufacturer.

In 2015, NBL, Diageo and Heineken SA restructured DHN drinks. Heineken SA

acquired Diageo’s indirect stake in NBL. NBL entered a joint venture with

Heineken SA to exclusively focus on growing key beer portfolio brands in

southern Africa. In the final month of the decade, the first COVID-19 case was

recorded in Wuhan, China.

2010s

2000s

Creating a Future, Enhancing Life

through our purpose and shared value

South West Africa’s

liberation war ended with

the country’s independence.

The country became

Namibia, political prisoners

were released, and many

refugees returned home.

Nelson Mandela was

released from prison in

South Africa and watched

Sam Nujoma being sworn in

as Namibia’s first democratic

president. South West

Breweries changed its name

to Namibia Breweries

Limited and listed on the

NSX, with the O&L Group as

a controlling shareholder.

During this time, NBL

shifted from a supply-

driven business to a

consumer-driven one.

Namibian independence

and South African

democracy gave rise to a

previously disadvantaged

middle class who were

looking for a premium beer

to signify their new status.

Our Windhoek brand was

quick to respond to this need.

1990s

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

17:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

19:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

Our customers include formal and

informal wholesale and retail trade

outlets, for example, supermarkets,

liquor stores, shebeens, pubs and other

hospitality outlets. End consumers are

adults with a broad demographic profile

spanning all income groups. From this

year, customers can interact with NBL

through our new digital sales and

operational planning system.

We take pride in consistently practising

responsible marketing, which in turn

encourages responsible consumption.

We update our Responsible Marketing

Code of Conduct whenever necessary.

We were further a founding member of

SAIF and adhere to its code of conduct.

52% of production is packaged in

returnable containers. During 2020,

NBL achieved a return ratio of 99.7%.

A water reclamation plant is used to

reduce the water used in our brewing

and packaging plants. During the year,

we operationalised a state-of-the-art

water treatment plant to improve

the quality and value-per-litre of water

from our boreholes. We also purchased

equipment to extract more beer from

spent yeast thus saving water.

In our communities we encourage

recycling through Project Shine, the

schools recycling competition, and

through our founding membership

of the Recycle Namibia Forum.

More detail about all aspects of and initiatives in our value chain can be found in our material matters section from page 44.

We deliver products to six depots and five agencies in Namibia. The former includes our depot

in Walvis Bay and our old facility in Swakopmund which was used temporarily during the

lockdown in Walvis Bay. Our main site warehouse at our main plant in Windhoek was extended

by approximately 1 127 m2 to pick mixed pallets and enable direct drops.

We export to 14 countries, including South Africa, predominantly by road transport. Primary

transport is outsourced to Imperial Managed Solutions (Proprietary) Limited. Secondary

distribution between depots and customers is managed by NBL trucks and employees.

WAREHOUSING AND DISTRIBUTION

RETAIL AND CONSUMPTION

RECYCLING

Read more about the SDGs and our contributions to them from page 44.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

21:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

A 100-year

legacy

NBL’s 100-year legacy is one of quality, purposeful leadership and discipline. It endured

many challenges and innovated in response, becoming a local industry leader and owner

of globally recognised beer brands. NBL has the benefit of being part of the diverse and

widely respected O&L Group which is recognised for its purpose driven culture, and being

a private sector leader and Namibia’s largest private employer.

People

At NBL we have a work environment where trust and affinity are at high levels, which

means we can have tough discussions that lead to breakthrough results and empowerment

of our employees. Our Great Place to Work® results confirm that employees see NBL as a

great place to work where we care about one another, where we celebrate special events,

and where we can count on one another. We have inspiring and effective leadership and

emphasise that people come first.

Heineken

relationship

Heineken is the second largest beer company in the world with a larger global presence

than any other brewer in the business. Our relationship started in 2003 and was restructured

in 2015. Today Heineken International B.V. has a 29.68% shareholding in NBL in addition to

driving production, marketing and sales of NBL products in South Africa and several other

African countries. Synergies in purpose, culture and operational focus ensure a sustainable

relationship and provide a platform for growth and scale benefits.

Attractive

shareholder

returns

NBL is the only listed entity in the O&L Group, the largest privately held group in Namibia.

It listed on the NSX in 1996 and has been distributing regular dividends to shareholders

since. The value of annual ordinary dividends and net asset value per share increased by

an average of 7.5% and 11.6% respectively over the past five years.

Consumer-

activated

brands

Our brands consistently win international awards for quality. Loyal consumers give enthusiastic

feedback and our events are well attended. Our evolving digital capabilities and ongoing

investment enable relevant customer and consumer engagement through data driven

marketing while data analytics and insights enable effective and strategic allocation of our

marketing investments.

A

diverse and

ever evolving

beverage

portfolio

We offer a diversified portfolio of owned and licensed brands with alcoholic, low and

non-alcoholic as well as soft beverage options available in 15 markets. We have strong

innovation capabilities that enable agility through an experienced consumer insights and

innovation team adhering to global best practice. Through this capability we launch new

products, variants and refreshed packaging regularly.

Water

sensitive

Namibia has an arid climate and NBL is one of the biggest water users in Windhoek. We

ensure sustainability of our operations and natural resources through access to boreholes,

a water treatment plant, a water reclamation and beer extraction plant, to continuously

reduce on-site water usage. Over the past five years, our water use per litre of beverage

has decreased by 7.1%.

Carbon

clever

We support the use of clean energy. NBL employs solar energy and a biomass boiler to

reduce our carbon footprint, while achieving efficiencies throughout the value chain.

NBL is one among a handful of CO2 self-sufficient breweries in the southern hemisphere.

EIGHT REASONS TO INVEST

IN NBL

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

23:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

Trends relevant to our portfolio

Our response

Premiumisation

The long-running premiumisation trend in most global

markets continues. Consumers have a desire for

authenticity with a clearly identified local origin, or a

need for originality resulting from greater consumer

experiences. Locally, it also entails aspects of socio-

economic development and aspirational drinking

associated with higher-end brands and price levels.

We segment and continually evolve our portfolio based

on consumer needs with brands and formats suited to

all occasions and lifestyles thereby providing choice to

consumers. This includes craft and limited-edition brews.

Windhoek Lager was Namibia’s first premium beer and

is still perceived as NBL’s most premium and aspirational

brand. Heineken is Namibia’s preferred imported

premium brand and rewards consumers by bringing

global sponsorship like UEFA to Namibia through local

viewing experiences.

Expanding repertoires

Consumers continue to demand variety and thereby

expand their repertoires. Rather than being loyal to a

single brand, consumers are drinking a variety of

products and are increasingly looking for new and

innovative offerings.

Our track record of innovation and new product launches

caters for the experimental nature of consumers looking

for novelty. We expand and refresh our brands through

new flavours, new packaging and exciting campaigns

that offer amazing experiences. When innovating, we

consider consumer research and insights, such as a desire

for healthier products, by reducing sugar content. We

continuously explore more variety, better tasting and

high-quality products.

Move towards value segment

Namibian consumers’ disposable income is under

pressure, more so than ever. They seek value and look

for discount options among trusted brands that do

not compromise on quality. As beverages compete for

a shrinking share of the consumers’ wallets, value

segments grow at an accelerated pace.

To remain competitive and offer consumers better value,

we continue to manage costs throughout the value

chain. Brands such as King Lager, which falls in the value

segment, ensures that we offer a quality clear beer at an

affordable price.

Related strategic focus areas:

Engaging people, engaging

experiences

Owning the future, creating new

realities, enjoying the journey

Related strategic focus areas:

Engaging people, engaging

experiences

Owning the future, creating new

realities, enjoying the journey

Related strategic focus areas:

Engaging people, engaging

experiences

Owning the future, creating new

realities, enjoying the journey

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

27:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

The O&L Group developed its purpose statement

Creating a Future, Enhancing Life in 2011. Today,

the purpose statement is accompanied by an

updated 2025 Breakthrough Strategy containing our

vision, values, breakthrough metrics and strategic

outcomes. At NBL, we applied these elements to

our business over the eight-year cycle leading up to

2019. Near the end of this cycle, employees were

invited to provide feedback on the strategy and

suggest revisions and improvements. Group

leadership developed the new strategy with the

assistance of GAP International, having applied its

collective mind to employees’ contributions. The

new 2025 Breakthrough Strategy was announced in

October 2019.

A major shift between the previous and current

strategies is a much stronger emphasis on people.

Previously employees were seen as important

drivers of strategy, while the new vision is

clear that people are the strategy.

According to the new strategy:

zz

Employees who are motivated and enabled to be

the best version of themselves inevitably innovate

and deliver great performance

zz

Leadership and management carry more

responsibility for providing employees with the

tools they need and for engaging employees

regularly and meaningfully

Consequently, employees’ performance

management has been reworked, and the new

system was implemented on 1 July 2020.

The new model will focus on employee performance

which ultimately translates into Company

performance. The driver of this will be leadership

and engagement to ensure everyone performs in

breakthrough.

Read more:

–

We show how our strategic outcomes respond to consumer and brand trends in the section on page 24.

–

We provide information about our strategic risks and opportunities in the: Managing

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

31:

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT

“Current market conditions demand

that we compete for every litre we sell.

Fortunately, NBL has a strong brand

offering which enables us to defend

market share in all segments.”

Marco Wenk: Managing

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

A BREWERY UNDER LOCKDOWN

NBL’s overall volumes declined by 16.6% in an

unusually challenging year. We were delivering fair

growth in volumes for Namibia, South Africa and

our export market pre-COVID-19. Through

continuous innovation and the pursuit to find new

ways to excite our consumers, we launched several

new products, including Windhoek Non-Alcoholic

which reported lively demand trends to date.

The lockdown measures related to COVID-19, as set

out on page 3, required that we shut down most of

the Windhoek brewery operations between April 2020

and the end of May 2020. Albeit unusual, this period

allowed us to focus on high-priority plant maintenance

while finding new ways to engage with our

consumers, reduce operational costs and ensure we

are ready to meet the market demand at the end of

the alcohol ban period.

Fortunately, our stock levels allowed us to sufficiently

provide for the post-alcohol ban consumer demand

which resulted in NBL selling double our previous

highest single-day volume on 2 June 2020. This

achievement was as a result of our teams working

right through the night to ensure our customers

received their orders on time and in full. The period

leading up to the end of the alcohol ban on

2 June 2020 was an exceptionally difficult time

for suppliers, customers and employees.

Due to similar lockdown measures in South Africa

some of our supply chains were disrupted. Before

COVID-19 the NBL team had already been

investigating new sourcing opportunities from other

African countries while driving localisation efforts to

ensure we can meet growing future demand.

Following the closure of our borders, we were

supported through our local suppliers. As

testimony to our breakthrough thinking and

great relationships, we did not run out of any

packaging materials or supplies.

Towards the end of the financial year, NBL was fully

operational, delivering products to customers and

seeing consumers enjoying our brands again. Volume

growth for Namibia ended on -14.6% (2019: +3.9%),

for South Africa on -22.9% (2019: +44.4%) and export

markets on 10.4% (2019: -31.2%).

AN ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGE BAN

Namibia and South Africa both faced prohibitions of

alcohol sales, as well as brand marketing during

certain levels and stages since March 2020. As per

the Liquor Act, Act 6 of 1998, only beverages with 3%

or more alcohol by volume content are classified as

alcoholic beverages. Initially this definition was

applied, and NBL was able to sell some brands such

as Tafel Radler, Windhoek Light and Windhoek

Non-Alcoholic. Unfortunately, regulations issued to

combat COVID-19 as of 4 May saw the prohibition of

beverages with any alcohol content. This had a

substantial impact on our customers and suppliers,

while sporting events and community initiatives

came to a halt.

NBL delivered 3.9% growth in revenue by mid-year.

Revenue for the full year, after multiple months of

prohibition in both our Namibian and SA markets,

decreased by 14.6% compared to prior year. The

deceleration was amplified by the fact that NBL

had, on account of an already struggling economy,

decided not to take an annual price increase on

returnable bottles, which constitute the dominant

portion of Namibian beer sales.

We are proud of building a sustainable business over the last 100 years.

Not many companies achieve this milestone. NBL has not only succeeded in

becoming a high performing entity but has also set a benchmark for how to

endure and continuously find opportunities to remain relevant. The business

has gone through many phases and we are confident that we are well

positioned to weather the current period of uncertainty and positively

reinvent NBL.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

33:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

EVERYONE LEADING, EVERYONE MAKING A POSITIVE IMPACT

During the COVID-19 lockdown stages, many employees were not able to perform their daily tasks from home given the nature

of their work. This unfortunately meant that many employees were required to take annual leave during this time, with some

running out of leave in the process.

As an example of breakthrough thinking and making a positive impact, NBL with the support of its employees, created a leave

bank where employees that were able to work from home could voluntarily donate some of their leave days to help those that

were not able to do so. We had a great response from NBL employees with the donated leave ensuring that no NBL employee

was required to take unpaid leave during the lockdown stages.

Bringing our suppliers closer

The disruption of global supply chains during the

pandemic highlighted the importance of localisation

and supporting small businesses to develop and

grow which ultimately allows NBL to reduce its

exposure to external country risks and fluctuating

exchange rates. Working with local suppliers during

lockdown in Namibia also brought home the need

for more flexibility and collaboration as both parties

focused on getting products out and available.

Our long-term relationships really came into effect

during the pandemic by supporting fair tradings

terms and honest discussions. There is mutual

understanding of this unprecedented global

challenge with a great deal of risk mitigation

coming from sound relationships.

Many suppliers have over-capacities, cash flow

concerns, and high uncertainties pertaining to

volumes due to the impact of the pandemic.

Our flagship localisation project, the commercial

barley growing venture in the Kavango region, has

unfortunately been put on hold due to the effects

of the drought and import restrictions for seeds.

We are however still committed to developing this

industry going forward.

Inspiring and engaging consumers

Since the 1990s we have developed a much deeper

understanding of our consumers and the life cycle

of brands. This has led us to build a basket of

beverages that meet the diverse needs of our

nation. This year we experienced the benefit of this

strategy by seeing consumers remaining loyal to our

core brands but also being able to enjoy some of

our more innovative low and non-alcoholic products

during the alcohol sales ban.

Our strategic brands all support social or

environmental initiatives. This provided us the

platforms to provide focused consumer support

during the pandemic. In response to the measures

taken for COVID-19, and keeping true to our

purpose Creating a Future, Enhancing Life, we

launched a campaign to remind consumers of our

collective responsibility to keep each other safe. The

#TakesANation campaign is grounded in caring and

looking out for each other. The core message during

lockdown stage three was to encourage all to “shop

responsibly, drink responsibly, socialise responsibly,

entertain responsibly and enjoy responsibly”.

Lockdown conditions accelerated the uptake of

digital engagement with consumers. We continued

applying an omnichannel approach when investing

in advertising and promotional activity. This ensures

reach and impact through new digital and

traditional media channels.

Our investment into a digital insights panel in recent

years showed its value during COVID-19 as it allowed

us to understand consumer behaviours and sentiment

during these times, and to continue research without

having to rely on traditional face-to-face interviews.

Our brands will continue to identify meaningful

initiatives to support consumers. Through NBL’s

scale and credibility we are in a strong position to

influence and educate. We want to contribute to

building a nation of determined, hardworking, yet

caring people who will have the endurance that

NBL has had over the past 100 years.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

35:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NBL continued winning awards

DLG Gold Awards 2020: Gold for Windhoek Lager,

Windhoek Draught, Windhoek Light, and Tafel Lager

DLG Silver Awards 2020: Windhoek Non-Alcoholic

and Tafel Lite

13th DLG long-term product quality award

The DLG test is one of the most demanding

Reinheitsgebot beer tests worldwide. Beers are

subjected to extensive quality checks over a period of

three months, including a blind sensory tasting. The

testing is done by experts who assess the beers based

on scientific requirements in individual test procedures.

The Large Enterprise Company of the Year: Joint

First Place and the Large Enterprise Product of

the Year: First Place awards from the Namibian

Standards Institution (NSI) at the

2019 National Quality Awards

The NSI’s National Quality Awards recognises

companies for top quality advancement and support

Government’s efforts to establish, develop and

enhance a strong and fully functional national

quality infrastructure regime.

BRAND PERFORMANCE

Tafel Lager remains our top beer brand in terms

of penetration, volume and revenue contribution.

Windhoek Draught is on a growth trajectory with a

distinct trend towards more frequent consumption.

The decline in sales of Windhoek Lager over the past

few years have slowed and, in some regions, we are

seeing clear evidence of growth again. Strongbow

cider volumes are under pressure in a highly

competitive category which has seen many

innovations in the past year.

Our drive to be ahead of the curve in meeting the

ever-changing needs of consumers ensured resilient

sales this year. We continue innovating with

highlights for the period including:

zz

Windhoek Non-Alcoholic was launched as a

new offering in the premium segment, providing

consumers with a non-alcoholic alternative without

compromising on quality and our 100% pure beer

positioning of the Windhoek brand. The brand

variant was brought to market in record time,

testing our ability to conceptualise and execute

with agility. Volumes exceeded expectations,

partly also due to the increased uptake during the

lockdown period.

zz

The success of Tafel Radler, a fusion of citrus

juices and beer in the low and non-alcoholic beer

segment, retained momentum, supported by the

launch of a new limited-edition grapefruit variant.

zz

The new classic, McKane Dry Lemon is the latest

addition to NBL’s range of superior value and

quality soft drinks/mixers, produced in Namibia.

zz

King Lager, Namibia’s home-grown barley value

beer is showing good growth following the Man

with a Plan campaign. It is gaining a foothold with

our strong regional approach and by building

awareness through trade activation supported by

price compliance by our trade partners.

Sales of soft drinks and water were flat on last year,

and under pressure during lockdown. The sudden

change in drinking occasions and convenience

impacted consumer behaviour – especially where

these beverages were mainly consumed with

convenience and takeaway foods.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

37:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

30 June

2020

N$’000

30 June

2019

N$’000

Consolidated statements of comprehensive income

Revenue

2 645 832

3 097 583

Operating expenses

(2 192 589)

(2 445 672)

Operating Profit

453 243

651 911

Finance income

17 592

26 607

Finance costs

(50 545)

(42 455)

Equity loss from associate

(76 703)

450 542

Profit before taxation

343 587

1 086 605

Income tax expense

(82 260)

(155 486)

Profit for the period

261 327

931 119

Other comprehensive income

2 220

708

Total comprehensive income attributable to ordinary shareholders

263 547

931 827

Consolidated statements of financial position

Property, plant and equipment

985 323

995 967

Investment in associate

778 663

855 366

Other non-current assets

61 167

33 051

Current assets

1 082 732

1 221 135

Total assets

2 907 885

3 105 519

Issued capital

1 024

1 024

Non-distributable reserves

(548)

(103)

Retained earnings

1 755 419

1 954 353

Ordinary shareholders' equity

1 755 895

1 955 274

Interest-bearing loans and borrowings (non-current)

501 608

183 508

Other non-current liabilities

211 375

206 865

Current liabilities

439 007

759 872

Total equity and liabilities

2 907 885

3 105 519

The financial impact of COVID-19, including the suspension of production, trading and exports, was stifling.

NBL’s volume growth had been gaining momentum since the positive turn in 2019, until business came

to a complete halt at the end of March 2020. As a result, revenue decreased by 14.6% to N$2 646 million

(2019: N$3 098 million). The comparative numbers below show the negative consequences of alcohol

trade restrictions:

9 months

(1 July to

30 March)

y-o-y %

change

12 months

(June)

y-o-y %

change

Revenue

3.0

(15.5)

Namibia volumes

(0.3)

(14.6)

South Africa volumes

5.6

(22.9)

Export volumes

34.4

10.4

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

39:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

OUR STRATEGIC RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

We regard our strategic risks and opportunities as those conditions, situations or trends that could significantly

impact NBL’s financial strength, competitive position or reputation within the medium to long term.

Risk and/or

opportunity

How we respond

The rapid spread of

COVID-19 globally

Our business continuity plans for crisis responses have enabled us to reprioritise and

manage costs effectively. NBL’s COVID-19 response team was critical to co-ordinate our

efforts. Safety and preventative measures have been put in place, while we continue to

engage with Government.

Equity investment and

supply agreement with

Heineken SA

We have regular engagement with Heineken SA as the performance of this business partner

has a significant impact on NBL’s profitability. A supply agreement is in place and we

continuously align business strategy and operational opportunities.

Exchange rate volatility

We have a Group hedging policy and continue diversifying into new markets, thereby

reducing currency concentration risk. The local sourcing of goods and services mitigates

against exchange rate risk, as the unpredictability of the local currency purchasing power

impacts the cost of imports as well as income derived from export sales.

Widespread drought

We explore alternative water sources while monitoring and reporting on our water use.

The boreholes at our Windhoek site ensure sustainable supply of water and our water

treatment plant contributes to efficient water use of the highest quality.

Non-compliance

We are committed to complying with all relevant laws, regulations and standards to mitigate

against business disruption, fines, loss of income and reputational damage. We monitor this

against NBL’s compliance universe and have a combined assurance programme to ensure

effective controls. The risk and audit committees have oversight of the status of compliance.

Loss of market share to

competitors

Our challenge is to break through the clutter in the market with distinctive brands,

impactful advertising and driving conversion at point of purchase. We do this through

an optimised route to market model, visibility and excellent execution across all consumer

touchpoints. We ensure a balanced portfolio with profitable offerings and unique,

differentiating experiences across the price ladder.

Credit risk due to

debtors

Our credit management approach enables us to address the inability of customers to pay

on time and in full, thereby mitigating against financial losses. We have a credit control

policy and compliance is monitored.

Economic climate

Our exposure to a limited and highly competitive Namibian market under subdued

economic conditions may dilute the profitability of the business and result in cash flow

challenges. We address this through the timing and extent of price increases, by reducing

costs and overheads to maintain margins and monitoring Company performance through

a range of business forums.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

41:

Managing Director

42

NAMIBIA BREWERIES LIMITED:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

43:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NBL’S MATERIAL MATTERS AT A GLANCE

1. By providing career development, training and transformation

opportunities, in addition to remuneration and rewards, we can

support our employees in bringing their individual and our

collective purpose to life.

2. By offering consumers in all segments a choice of

exceptional quality beverage brands that are relevant,

sustainable, widely available and aspirational, we meet their

evolving needs.

3. We decrease our reliance on natural resources in terms of

water and packaging through efficiency gains and waste

management, to ensure the sustainability of our business for

the benefit of all our stakeholders.

4. We empower communities through corporate social

investment (CSI) initiatives, while providing society with the

benefits of regional sponsorships and events.

5. Through localisation efforts, we grow and support our

supplier base beyond just offering contracts and making

payments for materials and services.

6. We drive collaboration with our customers and strategic

partner, Heineken SA, who benefit from synergies, expertise,

growth opportunities and relationships of trust.

7. By being a good corporate citizen that conducts business

responsibly, ethically and with transparency, we give our local

and central governments the comfort that they can also rely

on us to pay taxes and duties.

8. Our clearly defined strategy and purpose drive resilience and

growth to ensure constant dividends and reliable repayments

to our providers of financial capital.

9. We ensure effective risk management, particularly in IT, which

results in meeting legislative and compliance requirements,

while mitigating risk on behalf of our stakeholders.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

47:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

GENDER BALANCE INITIATIVES

We are committed to increasing the diversity of our employee

demographics by supporting the Government’s efforts to drive

transformation in the workplace.

To create a gender-fair workplace, we set annual targets as

part of our three-year affirmative action plan. This addresses

fair and equitable recruitment that balances gender across

the divisions. We offer a fully paid maternity leave benefit for

employees to provide mothers with more financial security.

This assists in attracting and retaining female talent. We also

have a private on-site breastfeeding facility.

SAFEGUARDING JOBS DURING A PANDEMIC

NBL has taken every measure to retain employees during

this difficult time, including a 15% reduction in salary for

executives, reducing overtime, shift allowances, sales

incentives, and leave provisions.

We engaged our majority union, NAFAU, and negotiated to

cancel wage increases and bonus pay-outs and postponing the

salary negotiations scheduled for June 2020, until June 2021.

NAFAU supported the decision. We maintain a mutually

supportive relationship with no strikes in the past 21 years.

Read more about our leave bank initiative to

support colleagues in the: Managing

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

Everyone leading, everyone making a positive impact

Owning the future, creating new realities, enjoying the journey

Contributing to our strategic outcome:

GIVING BACK TO OUR EMPLOYEES

We give back to our employees through rewards initiatives such as our Value Star recognition programme. Through this

programme, we identify specific people who display behaviours associated with the Group’s values. They then participate

in an annual award ceremony and incentives. A monthly NBL Value Star is chosen and one overall winner is selected from

the 12 monthly winners. The annual winner joins the other O&L subsidiary winners for an unforgettable incentive trip.

1.45%

of employees are non-Namibians

(2019: 1.6%)

827

EMPLOYEES

(2019: 801)

0.28%

lost-time injury frequency rate

(2019: 0.5%)

13%

of revenue paid as salaries, wages and other

employment cost (including medical aid and

pension fund contributions) (2019: 13%)1

N$3 032 666 MILLION

invested in skills development and training

(2019: N$3 025 000)

1

Total employment costs remained relatively the same. The increase in this proportion reflects the lower revenue earned in 2020.

By providing career development, training and transformation opportunities, in addition to

remuneration and rewards, we can support our employees in bringing their individual and our

collective purpose to life (continued)

1902

Windhoek

In Klein-Windhoek a

brewery was opened by

Heinrich Schmidt.

1907

Windhoek

Felsenkellerbrauerei

Aktiengesellschaft is

established.

1912

Swakopmund

The Kronen-Brauerei opens

with Johann Heuschneider

as the director.

1917

Omaruru

Felsenkellerbrauerei opens

the Omaruru Urquell brewery.

1920

Merger

On 29 October 1920, South West Breweries

Limited officially emerged as the consolidated

entity of the Kronen Brauerei, Omaruru Brewery,

the Klein Windhoek Brewery and the Felsenkeller

Brewery.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

51:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

CONSUMER CO-CREATION

Through a collaboration between Tafel Radler and Leah Misika,

a top Namibian fashion designer, consumers were inspired to

design their own T-shirts using a bespoke website and enter

their design into the competition for the chance

to win N$5 000 and the opportunity to have their T-shirts

printed. Engagement was amplified through a mechanism

whereby Namibians voted for their favourite design.

This integrated campaign achieved a 35% entry rate, with

4 090 entries, we reached consumers across the country

with fashion shows held in the key regions – central,

north and coast – and exceeded our volume target by 13%.

MAKING DIGITAL CONNECTIONS

Our digital marketing capabilities are steadily improving

as a strategic priority for the business. We use integrated

marketing communication strategies to spend our

marketing budget more effectively by targeting the right

audience with our campaigns.

The 2019 Tafel Lager independence campaign achieved over

4.4 million impressions and reached 462 720 consumers.

ENGAGING EXPERIENCES

Windhoek Draught engaged artist Gazza Milli as a brand

ambassador by sponsoring his concert in Windhoek for

10 000 attendees in August 2019. We use brand association

as a key performance indicator for any NBL brand

ambassadorship programme. In December 2019, a brand

survey showed that 30% of consumers associate Gazza Milli

with Windhoek Draught, and 20% associate him with NBL.

This means his increasing popularity, as shown by his

Chelete video reaching three million views benefiting NBL

by proxy.

SUPPORTING SDG 12

Product labels, brand campaigns and our websites all

present information to consumers to ensure they can make

decisions that support sustainability. The principles of

sustainable consumption are embedded in our research

and innovation processes and include all aspects of

product development, packaging and recycling options.

KEEPING IT REAL

In January 2020 Windhoek launched a new campaign: Keep It Real, 100% Pure Beer. Featuring Gerard Butler in a witty

commercial, the campaign recognises Windhoek champions – those who stay true to themselves, who show up as their

most authentic self, who know what’s important and those who keep it real. Despite only eight weeks on air before the

COVID-19 pandemic lockdown, the overall brand impact was positive.

16.6%

DECREASE IN SALES VOLUMES

2019: 13.8% increase in sales volumes

Engaging people, engaging experiences

Contributing to our strategic outcome:

By offering consumers in all segments a choice of exceptional quality beverage brands that are

relevant, sustainable, widely available and aspirational, we meet their evolving needs (continued)

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

53:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

ALTERNATIVE ENERGY LOWERS OUR CARBON

FOOTPRINT

The biomass boiler we use at the Windhoek brewery is a

first in Namibia, and remains the country’s largest wood

boiler. It replaced the use of approximately 8 million litres

of heavy fuel oil since it was taken into production in 2016.

Before the lockdown we were on track to generate 80%

of our thermal energy from our biomass boiler by the end

of this financial year.

Thermal energy is mainly used in the brewing process

however also for cleaning and packaging purposes.

Our aim is to reduce thermal energy consumption as

it directly affects our carbon footprint and the use of

heavy fuel oils or wood chips.

The boiler uses wood chips sourced from pervasive

invader bush, thereby clearing land for use and improving

the carrying capacity of farms. For the year, invader bush

thinning was completed for approximately 970 hectares.

The rooftop solar plant met 7.9% (2019: 7.3%) of our

electricity demand in the past year. Overall, the solar plant

has provided us with approximately 1 470 528 kWh of

green energy for the year, thereby saving 1 471 tons of

CO2 emissions.

NBL is fully self-sustainable in its CO2 consumption needs.

We have significantly reduced our consumption over the

years through daily recording, observation and corrective

actions, and we can now recover an average 30% more CO2

than we consume. Unfortunately, the COVID-19 lockdown

meant that we did not generate this surplus during the year.

Our initiatives to reduce thermal energy efficiency MJ/hl

consumption include the following:

zz

Insulation of open valves and piping to reduce heat losses

zz

Use of heat recovery systems

zz

Monitoring and controlling of water losses from the system

zz

Closing bypasses on the system network to reduce

thermal losses

zz

Automatic monitoring with alarms to address operational

issues quickly

zz

Using consumption data to optimise processes

zz

Reviewing consumption data to assess system performance

Thermal energy consumption (MJ per hl of product)

0

20

40

60

80

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

70.5

67.5

75.8

71.1

69.3

OPTIMISING ELECTRICITY USE

NBL employs electricity-intensive processes, such as

refrigeration. The ban on alcohol sales meant that we

needed to operate these processes constantly. Although

we were able to maintain the quality of our stock, doing so

drastically reduced our electricity efficiency for the year.

Optimising initiatives during the year included the

following:

zz

Increased metering and consumption monitoring

zz

Process optimisation of our water treatment plant

zz

Process optimisation of our CO2 recovery plant

zz

Process optimisation of our waste water treatment plant

zz

Upgrading to more efficient lighting systems

Total electricity consumption (kWh per hl of product)

0

2

4

6

8

10

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

9.7

9.4

9.5

9.2

9.7

We decrease our reliance on natural resources in terms of water and packaging through

efficiency gains and waste management, to ensure the sustainability of our business for the

benefit of all our stakeholders (continued)

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

55:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

COMBATTING POACHING

We support the fight against poaching to protect Namibia’s animals and conserve its tourism industry. Namibia is home to

free-roaming rhino and Africa’s largest black rhino population. Windhoek Lager partnered with Save the Rhino

International in the UK, where a range of fundraising events and activities have been launched.

These events and activities drive brand awareness, while supporting rhinos. NBL is a leading supporter of campaigns

against rhino poaching, and this year we supported Intelligence Support Against Poaching with N$100 000 and

repurposed tables and benches for their training facility.

Windhoek Draught also donated beer for income generation at the Camp Rock awareness drive.

Owning the future, creating new realities, enjoying the journey

Contributing to our strategic outcome:

32.2%

of water requirements met

by own sources (2019: 23.4%)

4.1

litres of water used per litre of

beverage produced (2019: 4.1 litres)

48%

of production packaged in

returnable bottles (2019: 52%)

We decrease our reliance on natural resources in terms of water and packaging through

efficiency gains and waste management, to ensure the sustainability of our business for the

benefit of all our stakeholders (continued)

1928

Swakopmund

Hansa Brauerei is

established.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

57:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

MORE SKILLS, MORE OPTIONS

King Lager continued its partnerships with a vocational training centre to give back to consumers. The Man with a Plan

upskilling campaign educates participants, mostly unemployed, on various trades to inspire them to seek out means to

make a living and care for their families.

We selected relevant topics with the assistance of the Namibian Training Authority to be featured monthly on radio

stations. Four sets of mini workshops covered programmes focused on growing alternative fodder during a drought joinery

and cabinet-making. The October series of workshops reached over 500 Namibians.

COMMENTS FROM ATTENDEES

zz

“When is the next one? I want to attend all of them”

zz

“Thank you King Lager, we learned a lot and you inspire us to go do more and not just sit at home”

zz

“Keep up the good work of giving back to the community”

zz

“King Lager cares about my future”

zz

“I have never tasted King Lager before but because of this workshop I got a chance to learn something and not just

taste the beer”

N$3 172 323

MILLION

invested in social projects and

sponsorships (2019: N$3.4 million)

Everyone leading, everyone making a

positive impact

Owning the future, creating new realities,

enjoying the journey

Contributing to our strategic outcome:

We empower communities through CSI initiatives, while also providing society with the benefits of

regional sponsorships and events (continued)

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

59:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

We have strategic, long-standing relationships with European suppliers from whom we import 100% of our

malted barley and hops requirements for beers brewed according to the Reinheitsgebot. The procurement of

a major portion of ingredients is based on long-term contracts – some running three to four years into the

future – to ensure the required volumes and product quality. Packaging material, which includes bottles,

cans, cartons and shrink foil, is predominantly imported from South Africa.

We engage with critical suppliers through quarterly reviews. These reviews include an open discussion on

quality issues, areas of poor communication, pricing trends and opportunities for innovation. This helps to

establish a mature relationship based on trust and continuous improvement.

In our primary transport services contract with Imperial Managed Solutions Namibia (Proprietary) Limited,

we create opportunities to give back by encouraging subcontracting to small Namibian transport companies.

More than 64% of all primary transport loads have owners who were previously disadvantaged.

CORRUGATED MATERIAL

In the first half of the year, NBL re-established a

relationship with a local corrugated material supplier.

We developed a workshop to improve the quality of

their products to be used in our processes. This local

relationship was especially useful when we could not

import products.

SWAKOPMUND BREWING COMPANY

During the year, NBL installed equipment at Swakopmund

Brewing Company to fill beer in bottles to sell at restaurants

in the Strand Hotel, we further enclosed the hotel’s beer

garden. This will allow NBL to perform small-scale brewing

trials that support new product innovations.

Contributing to our strategic outcome:

Everyone leading, everyone making a positive impact

Owning the future, creating new realities, enjoying the journey

Through localisation efforts, we grow and support our supplier base beyond just offering

contracts and making payments for materials and services (continued)

Vintage bottle Windhoek Pilsner

in wooden box.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

61:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

As a good corporate citizen, we endeavour to reduce the harm and social cost associated with alcohol

abuse. We continuously market alcoholic beverages in a manner that encourages responsible consumption

and we aim to reduce alcohol-related harm. We do this in collaboration with Government, the community

and non-governmental institutions in Namibia. This includes our involvement as a founding member of the

Self-Regulating Alcohol Industry Forum (SAIF), which comprises major alcohol producers and distributors

in Namibia.

SAIF’s membership is based on voluntary compliance with a code of conduct that prescribes world-class

standards in self-regulation to prevent the negative consequences of alcohol abuse. During the lockdown,

it was an instrumental forum to engage with Government. It allowed us to discuss the way forward in lifting

the ban on alcohol sales to support small businesses, without being irresponsible around public health.

In the previous financial year, we adopted the principles of the aware.org regulations. This year, we applied

these regulations to update our marketing code regarding the low and non-alcoholic category. We recognise

that even non-alcoholic products such as Windhoek Non-Alcoholic should not be marketed to underage

consumers, because they inherently market their mother-brand and could thus be a gateway product.

Group Corporate Relations ensures that an independent evaluation against the code is done on all NBL

marketing and sales campaigns, advertising and promotional material.

Key question: What are we doing to support the Government through these hard times?

NBL is a Namibian market leader in alcoholic beverages.

As such, we carry a responsibility to our country’s stability

and overall functioning. We conduct business in a way

that contributes to inclusive and sustainable development

for all stakeholders. We recognise that consumers prefer

brands that show empathy and support causes with which

they resonate.

We support the Government’s Growth at Home strategy,

the Harambee National Prosperity Plan and, ultimately,

Vision 2030. We continue to engage with the Government

on key issues – such as water security – to ensure

alignment on Namibia’s challenges.

SUPPORTING SDG 3 AND 8

We are committed to driving positive, safe and responsible

drinking behaviour and investing in a range of initiatives to bring

the message home. We support Government in its initiatives to

stimulate economic and social development.

By being a good corporate citizen that does business responsibly, ethically and with transparency,

we give our local and central governments the comfort that they can also rely on us to pay taxes

and duties

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

63:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

We know that strained local and international

operating environments can negatively impact

our ability to trade and grow. We are transparent

about the key strategic risks facing the business

and explain how these are effectively mitigated

to ensure that NBL remains future fit and well

positioned to capitalise on growth opportunities.

Our position in the O&L Group, and the

stability of having the Group as a strong,

stable shareholder, contributes to our

financial resilience.

Key questions: What are we doing to grow returns despite economic challenges?

Our shareholders and funders require historical and

forward-looking information to make an informed

assessment about their capital allocation and acceptable

levels of risk. To retain them as long-term partners who

support the business, we communicate a balanced

overview of our performance, strategy and progress with

implementation. Total dividends to approximately 1 429

shareholders have increased by an average of 7.5% over

the last five years.

SUPPORTING SDG 8

By investing in NBL and our future, shareholders support us in

creating employment, in driving economic inclusion and

building capacity. They participate in our governance structures

by voting for Directors who have to ensure our sustainability

and oversee labour and human rights issues.

Owning the future, creating new realities, enjoying the journey

Contributing to our strategic outcome:

14.8%

of revenue declared as

dividends (2019: 14.7%)

8.3%

of revenue reinvested in the business

to ensure future growth (2019: 15.7%)

14.1%

return on shareholders’ investment

(2019: 52%)

Giving back to shareholders through dividends

(cents per share)

Final dividend

Interim dividend

Special dividend

0

50

100

150

200

250

300

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

31.00

34.00

31.00

34.00

37.00

37.00

40.00

40.00

46.00

53.00

50.00

42.00

46.00

42.00

50.00

53.00

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

121.05

193.68

Our clearly defined strategy and purpose drive resilience and growth to ensure constant dividends

and reliable repayments to our providers of financial capital

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

65:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

67:

Managing Director role in 2005 serving

in that capacity until 30 June 2019. He

played an integral role in developing

Broll Namibia to be the largest

property management and commercial

property services provider in Namibia.

Marco also served as a director of SIP

Project Managers Namibia, a subsidiary

of Broll Namibia. He is a Trustee of the

O&L Pension Fund.

He was appointed to the NBL Board and

as: Managing

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

Sven Thieme (52)

Qualifications: CA(Nam)(SA)

Sven is the Executive Chairperson of

the O&L Group. He joined O&L in 1998

after working for four years as a

chartered accountant in Luxembourg.

He was also the architect of several

joint ventures entered into by O&L,

including the deal between

Heineken SA, Diageo and

Namibia Breweries.

He was appointed to the NBL Board in

March 2002 and elected Chairperson

on 11 July 2002.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Hendrik van der Westhuizen (46)

Qualifications: BSc in Operations

Management (Production Management

Institute of South Africa), Postgraduate

Degree in Association in Management

(AIM) (University of Cape Town),

Management and Senior Management

Diploma (Stellenbosch University)

Wessie has been with the O&L Group

since 2003. In 2006 he was appointed

to the Board of Hangana Seafood

(Proprietary) Limited and became its: Managing

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

Roland Pirmez (60)

Qualifications: BEng (Agriculture),

Master’s degree (Brewing) (Université

Catholique de Louvain)

Roland was appointed President of

Heineken Africa, Middle East and

Eastern Europe in 2015. From 2013

until 2015, he was President of Asia

Pacific Brewery Company Limited

(APB) and CEO of APB. Roland joined

Heineken in 1995. From 1995 to 1998,

he was: Managing

Managing Director

Anton Goosen

Global Sales Manager

Waldemar von Lieres

Finance Director

Abrie du Plooy

Supply Manager

74

NAMIBIA BREWERIES LIMITED:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

Timothy Izaks

Human Capital Manager

Christin Obst

Strategic Sourcing Manager

John Fitzgerald

General Manager NBL SA

René Duffy

Global Marketing Manager

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

75:

Managing Director)

No

Male

Namibian

1 (1 July 2019)

*

Resigned 3 March 2020.

1

Copyright and trademarks are owned by the Institute of Directors in South Africa NPC and all of its rights are reserved.

76

NAMIBIA BREWERIES LIMITED:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

The NamCode recommends that the majority of

Directors be independent. The NBL Board continues

to depart from this recommendation in respect of the

number of independent Directors serving on NBL’s

statutory committees. NBL Directors, including the

Chairperson of the Board, continue being appointed

based on their experience, competency, leadership

skills and strong business ethics – these attributes are

the main criteria for appointment.

The Chairperson’s and: Managing

Managing Director attend Audit

Committee meetings by invitation. The committee

invites other members of the NBL Senior Leadership

Team as required. The auditors, both internal and

external, attended all Audit Committee meetings.

78

NAMIBIA BREWERIES LIMITED:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

The Audit Committee’s roles include:

zz

Monitoring the integrity of financial statements

and making recommendations to the Board

zz

Ensuring that integrated reporting takes place

zz

Reviewing and monitoring the internal audit plan

zz

Reviewing internal and external audit reports and

monitoring that corrective actions are performed

zz

Providing a communication channel between

the Board, the internal and external auditors and

other assurance providers

zz

Assisting the Board, in conjunction with the

Management Risk Committee, to monitor the

effectiveness of the risk management process

for risks such as information technology-related

items, fraud and corruption, and compliance with

risk standards adopted by the O&L Group

zz

Reviewing NBL’s policies and practices

concerning business conduct and ethics,

including whistleblowing reports received via

the Tip-offs Anonymous hotline

zz

Assisting the Board to discharge its responsibility to:

–

safeguard NBL’s assets;

–

operate adequate and effective systems of

internal control, financial risk management

and governance;

–

review financial information and shareholder

reporting;

–

monitor compliance with laws and

regulations; and

–

provide oversight of the external and internal

audit functions and appointments.

The Board is satisfied that the committee has

complied with its legal, regulatory or other

responsibilities.

REMUNERATION AND NOMINATION

COMMITTEE

The committee comprises the following members:

zz

R Pirmez (chairperson and Heineken

representative)

zz

P Grüttemeyer (Non-executive)

zz

B Mukuahima (O&L representative)

The Remuneration and Nomination Committee’s

main responsibilities, as set out in its Board-approved

terms of reference, include monitoring the

appropriateness of the Company’s Remuneration

Policy and ensuring a formal and transparent process

in respect of appointing new Directors to the Board.

In fulfilling this function, the committee is required to:

zz

assess the necessary and desirable competencies

of prospective Board members based on merit

and objective criteria. In doing so, candidates

from a wide range of backgrounds are to be

considered, in keeping with the dynamics and

diversity of the country;

zz

review Board nominations from shareholders

and provide recommendations to the Board in

respect of these nominations;

zz

ensure that, on appointment to the Board,

Non-executive Directors receive a formal: letter

of appointment that clearly sets expectations

of them in terms of their time commitment,

committee service (if any) and involvement

outside Board meetings;

zz

define and implement procedures for the annual

statement of disclosure of any conflict of interest

and the annual statement of compliance;

zz

fully consider succession planning in the course

of its work, taking into account the challenges

and opportunities facing the Company and,

therefore, what skills and expertise are needed

on the Board in the future;

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

79

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

Any deficiencies are recorded, monitored regularly

and reported to the Senior Leadership Team. This

has proven to be a successful approach to critically

evaluating and improving internal control policies

and procedures. The internal audit function was

outsourced to the auditing firm EY. The internal

audit programme is founded on a three-year risk-

based approach. The internal audit plan is approved

by the Audit Committee and regularly reviewed by

the Risk and Compliance department.

During the reporting year, the following internal

audits were performed:

zz

Inventory management

zz

Warehouse and distribution

zz

Production

zz

Engineering spares and merchandising stock

zz

Depots and agency

zz

Information security

All findings and recommendations are recorded on

an audit tracker and closely monitored by the Senior

Leadership Team.

The Risk and Compliance department is responsible

for ensuring that corrective actions are taken and

recommendations implemented.

EY also performs internal follow-up audits and

reports independently to the Audit Committee and

then to the Senior Leadership Team on the findings

and recommendations it identifies. The internal and

external auditors have unlimited access to the Audit

Committee chairperson.

There is a strong drive within NBL to uphold the

highest technical and operational standards. Fire and

safety policies and procedures are regularly reviewed

and tested so that they remain compliant. Each

manager within their function is evaluated constantly

on the health and safety ratings achieved during

these audits. By strictly following this programme,

NBL has managed to improve its health and safety

standards for employees, contractors, suppliers and

other service providers to NBL.

Since 2015, insurance audits have been conducted

by Group Risk using the Marsh methodology to

better quantify and manage risk. The main plant is

audited on an annual basis, while depots are audited

on a rotational basis. Audits scheduled for the year

were postponed until the next financial year due to

the pandemic and travel restrictions.

STAKEHOLDER COMMUNICATION, ETHICS

AND TIP-OFFS ANONYMOUS HOTLINE

NBL’s Board recognises the importance of

communicating the Company’s activities to all

stakeholders in a balanced and comprehensive

manner. Each key stakeholder group has a business

owner – the individual in NBL primarily accountable

for managing the relationship and regularly engaging

with the stakeholder or stakeholder group concerned.

Shareholder communications take the form of

analyst presentations when NBL announces its

interim and final financial results. The Company

publishes and reports on details of its performance

(including its interim and final financial results) in

two local daily newspapers. Other Company notices

and publications are published on the website,

where the most recent financial and historical

information is available, including integrated

annual reports.

The Audit Committee is responsible for embedding

a culture of high ethical standards. The committee

periodically reviews the Company’s Code of Ethics

and programme to monitor compliance. Employees

have several ways to raise their concerns and make

recommendations or obtain feedback from the

Senior Leadership Team. One such avenue is the

workplace forum within the different functions,

which is held weekly or fortnightly. At these forums,

employees can discuss their concerns. If an

employee is not comfortable with airing their views

at these forums, they can contact the Tip-offs

Anonymous hotline. The hotline is administrated by

independent service provider, Deloitte & Touche.

NBL invites all shareholders to attend its AGM and

also facilitates participation by encouraging

shareholders unable to attend to submit proxy forms.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

81:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NBL, as part of the O&L Group, has a Remuneration

Policy (the Policy) that applies to its executives. The

Policy is reviewed periodically to take account of

changing circumstances in the market, the industry

and the economy.

The committee considered and decided against

implementing a long-term incentive scheme as the

current Short-term Incentive Scheme is effective.

This scheme is based on financial performance and

is linked to NBL’s long-term targets.

REMUNERATION PRINCIPLES AND

GOVERNANCE

The main principles of the Policy for executives are to:

zz

provide total remuneration, which is competitive

in structure and quantum with the practices of

comparator companies in the SADC region;

zz

achieve clear alignment between total

remuneration on the one hand, and delivered

business and personal performance on the other;

zz

link variable elements of remuneration to

challenging performance criteria that support

the Company’s best interests;

zz

provide an appropriate balance of fixed and

variable remuneration; and

zz

provide internal equity among executives and

facilitate the movement of executives within the

O&L Group.

The Remuneration and Nomination Committee is

mandated to oversee all matters pertaining to

remuneration and report back to the Board with

findings and recommendations. Its responsibilities

include monitoring the Policy, including:

zz

parameters used in determining senior leadership

remuneration scales;

zz

executive remuneration, including remuneration

packages for senior management;

zz

the structure of the remuneration of Executive

Directors, Non-executive Directors, the

Chairperson and, where applicable, Board

committee members;

zz

the design of executive incentives, including the

Board criteria on which performance-related

elements are based with regard to the trading

period, if applicable; and

zz

senior employee recruitment, retention and

termination.

The committee has to ensure a formal, transparent

and objective method to support recommendations

to shareholders regarding remuneration packages for

Directors, including pension benefits. It also has to

ensure that the fees paid to Non-executive Directors

are a fair reflection of their contribution to the

Company. This requires the committee to advise on

and monitor a suitable performance-related formula,

including the Board criteria on which performance-

related elements are based. The committee separates

the review and recommendation of Non-executive

Directors’ fees from the review and recommendation

of executive remuneration, each with its own

motivation and basis for the recommendation.

Directors’ emoluments

The Directors’ emoluments are available on page 168.

Remuneration components

Base salary

The fixed element of remuneration is referred to as

base salary. Its purpose is to provide a competitive

level of remuneration for each grade of manager,

according to the Paterson grading system.

The base salary is set to be competitive at the median

level, with reference to market practice in companies

that are comparable in terms of size, market sector,

business complexity and international scope.

Base salaries are reviewed annually and adjusted as

necessary at the beginning of the financial year,

considering external market trends and business

and personal performance.

REMUNERATION REPORT

NBL’s remuneration approach aims to support the implementation of and

delivery on the Group’s strategy and goals by enabling it to attract, acquire,

retain and appropriately reward employees.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

83:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

85:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

FIVE-YEAR SUMMARY OF RESULTS

N$’000

12 Months

30 June

2020

12 Months

30 June

2019

12 Months

30 June

2018

12 Months

30 June

2017

12 Months

30 June

2016

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS

OF FINANCIAL POSITION

Property, plant and equipment

985 323

995 967

1 018 719

988 241

983 365

Investment in associate

778 663

855 366

404 824

438 265

610 526

Other non-current assets

61 167

33 051

37 544

41 888

25 530

Non-current assets held for sale

–

–

–

10 005

–

Current assets

1 082 732

1 221 135

1 250 092

1 016 774

850 796

2 907 885

3 105 519

2 711 179

2 495 173

2 470 217

Issued capital

1 024

1 024

1 024

1 024

1 024

Non-distributable reserves

(548)

(103)

(97)

160

249

Retained income

1 755 419

1 954 353

1 622 001

1 405 101

1 256 521

Ordinary shareholders’ equity

1 755 895

1 955 274

1 622 928

1 406 285

1 257 794

Interest-bearing loans and borrowings

(non-current)

501 608

183 508

285 480

384 379

479 739

Other non-current liabilities

211 375

206 865

217 158

217 011

212 949

Current liabilities

439 007

759 872

585 613

487 498

519 735

2 907 885

3 105 519

2 711 179

2 495 173

2 470 217

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS

OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Net turnover

2 645 832

3 097 583

2 687 174

2 708 978

2 425 885

Operating expenses

(2 192 589) (2 445 672) (2 074 089) (2 097 965) (1 885 211)

Operating profit

453 243

651 911

613 085

611 013

540 674

Finance costs

(50 545)

(42 455)

(43 325)

(50 923)

(39 412)

Finance income

17 592

26 607

32 623

18 304

18 315

Equity loss from joint venture

–

–

–

–

(38 917)

Equity (loss)/profit from associate

(76 703)

450 542

(33 441)

(155 717)

27 453

Profit before income tax

343 587

1 086 605

568 942

422 677

508 113

Income tax expense

(82 260)

(155 486)

(171 256)

(104 249)

(135 643)

Profit attributable to ordinary shareholders

261 327

931 119

397 686

318 428

372 470

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS

OF CASH FLOWS

Cash generated by operations

528 801

691 008

709 589

695 841

654 065

Dividends paid

(462 728)

(598 274)

(181 745)

(169 354)

(159 027)

Taxation paid

(41 742)

(172 198)

(170 026)

(128 762)

(137 764)

Employer benefit payments on post-

employment benefit plans

–

(1 579)

(728)

(935)

–

Net cash flow from operating activities

24 331

(81 043)

357 090

396 790

357 274

Net cash flow applied to investing activities

(143 257)

(94 505)

(127 840)

(142 842)

(770 111)

Net cash flow from financing activities

173 886

(55 859)

(158 029)

(99 602)

347 061

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and

cash equivalents

54 960

(231 407)

71 221

154 346

(65 776)

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

89:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

ORDINARY SHARE OWNERSHIP

Number of

shareholders

%

Number of

shares

%

HOLDINGS

1 – 1 000

889

62.21

412 569

0.20

1 001 – 50 000

461

32.26

2 915 169

1.41

50 001 – 100 000

17

1.19

1 236 368

0.60

100 001 – 10 000 000

60

4.20

50 770 201

24.58

10 000 001 and above

2

0.14

151 194 693

73.21

1 429

100.00

206 529 000

100.00

CATEGORY

Corporate bodies

33

2.31

124 827 527

60.43

Nominee companies

115

8.05

73 407 443

35.55

Private individuals

1 254

87.75

4 985 952

2.41

Trusts

27

1.89

3 308 078

1.60

1 429

100.00

206 529 000

100.00

SHAREHOLDER SPREAD

The spread of shares held by non-public and public shareholders was as follows:

at 30 June

2020

%

at 30 June

2019

%

Non-public shareholders

– Holding company

59.37

59.37

– Directors and their associates

0.09

0.10

Public shareholders

40.54

40.53

100.0

100.0

MAJOR INDIVIDUAL HOLDINGS

With the exception of nominee holdings, the register of shareholders does not reflect individual beneficial

shareholdings at 30 June 2020 in excess of 1% of the total issued capital of the Company.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

91:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

The Company’s Directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated and

separate financial statements, comprising the statements of financial position as at 30 June 2020, and the

statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the statements of changes in equity, and

statement of cash flows for the year then ended, as well as the notes to the financial statements, which

include a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory notes, in accordance with

International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations

Committee (IFRS IC) applicable to companies reporting under IFRS, and the requirements of the Namibia

Companies Act, as set out on pages 97 to 168.

The Directors’ responsibility includes designing, implementing and maintaining internal control relevant to

the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements that are free from material misstatement,

whether due to fraud or error, selecting and applying appropriate accounting policies, and making

accounting estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances. The Directors’ responsibility also includes

maintaining adequate accounting records and an effective system of risk management.

After due assessment of the Group and Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, the Directors

believe there is no reason for the business not to continue as a going concern in the financial year ahead.

The external auditor is responsible for reporting on whether the consolidated and separate annual financial

statements are fairly presented in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and the

Namibia Companies Act. Their unmodified report is available on page 94.

APPROVAL OF CONSOLIDATED AND SEPARATE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated and separate financial statements of the Group and Company, as indicated above, were

approved by the Board of Directors on 9 September 2020 and signed on their behalf by

S Thieme

Marco Wenk

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

To the Members of Namibia Breweries Limited

Key audit matter for the Group and Company

How the matter was addressed in the audit

Valuation of the investment in associate and related losses for the year

forecast profitability of Heineken SA,

including the effect of Covid19, deemed the

investment in associate to be recoverable

and that all the unused tax losses will be

utilised by the entity and therefore

considered the recognition of the deferred

tax asset to be still appropriate.

The Directors have confirmed that, based on

the same assessment, they believe the full

investment of N$778 million net of equity

accounted losses is recoverable.

2. Valuation of Heineken SA

zz

We assessed the judgements made by the Directors such

as the cash flow forecasts against the achieved results

and anticipated growth rates used to determine the

recoverability of the investment as a whole in accordance

with the requirements of IAS 36: Impairment of assets.

zz

We evaluated the forecast profitability by performing

retrospective reviews of the budget versus actual

profit to assess the reliability of the budgeting process.

We evaluated the growth rates on the forecast against

the actual results, forecast inflation and industry trends

and assessed the reasonableness of the assumptions

used by Heineken SA.

zz

We consider the Directors’ judgements to be

reasonable in determining the value of the investment.

The consolidated and separate financial statements

incorporate appropriate disclosures relating to the

valuation of the investment in associate.

OTHER INFORMATION

The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the DLG Awards, About

this Report, Chairperson’s Statement, Our Profile, Our Content and Strategy,: Managing

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Founded in 1920, NBL is principally engaged in the brewing and distribution of beer and is also active in the

manufacturing of soft drinks.

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

NBL’s accounting policies comply with International Financial Reporting Standards and are consistent with

those of the previous financial year with the exception of the adoption of IFRS 16 in the current year.

FINANCIAL RESULTS

The Group’s operating profit for the year ended 30 June 2020 decreased by 30.5% compared to the

previous financial year (2019: 6.3%). This translates into an operating margin of 17.1% (2019: 21%).

DIVIDENDS PAID

Details of the ordinary dividends declared, paid and payable in respect of the 2019/20 financial year are

reflected in note 25 to the financial statements. Total dividend paid for the year amounted to 103 cents per

share and a special dividend totalling N$250 million.

DIVIDEND DECLARATION

In addition to the interim dividend of 53 cents per ordinary share paid in May 2020, the Board of Directors

declared a final dividend of 53 cents per ordinary share at their meeting of 9 September 2020. Payment will

be effected to the shareholders of ordinary shares in the books of the Company registered at the close of

business on 9 October 2020 and will be paid on 13 November 2020.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

Capital expenditure for the reporting year amounted to N$164.8 million (2019: N$140.9 million).

ISSUED CAPITAL

Full details of the authorised and issued capital of the Company as at 30 June 2020 are set out in note 13 to

the financial statements. The 92 471 000 unissued shares of the Company are under the control of the

Directors.

DIRECTORATE AND SECRETARY

The names of the Directors as well as the name and address of the Company’s Secretary appear on the

inside back cover herein.

SUBSIDIARIES

Details of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Annexure C of this report.

HOLDING COMPANY

The Company’s holding company is Namibia Breweries Investment Holdings (Proprietary) Limited,

of which the shareholding is held by Ohlthaver & List Finance and Trading Corporation Limited and

Heineken International BV (Heineken). The Company’s ultimate holding entity is List Trust Company

(Proprietary) Limited.

EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE

The Directors are not aware of any significant events subsequent to the reporting date to be accounted for

or disclosed in the annual financial statements which significantly affect the financial position of the Group

or the results of its operations.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

97:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

COMPANY

GROUP

for the

year ended

30 June

2019

Restated*

N$’000

for the

year ended

30 June

2020

N$’000

Notes

for the

year ended

30 June

2020

N$’000

for the

year ended

30 June

2019

Restated*

N$’000

3 967 738

3 392 476

Revenue

3 392 476

3 967 553

(869 970)

(746 644)

Excise duties

(746 644)

(869 970)

3 097 768

2 645 832

Net revenue

18

2 645 832

3 097 583

(2 444 245) (2 190 464)

Operating expenses

19 (2 192 589) (2 445 672)

653 523

455 368

Operating profit

20

453 243

651 911

(42 455)

(50 545)

Finance costs

21

(50 545)

(42 455)

26 500

16 818

Finance income

22

17 592

26 607

450 542

(76 703)

Equity (loss)/profit from associate

8

(76 703)

450 542

1 088 110

344 938

Profit before income tax

343 587

1 086 605

(155 455)

(82 260)

Income tax expense

23

(82 260)

(155 486)

932 655

262 678

Profit for the year attributable to owners

of the parent

261 327

931 119

Other comprehensive income/(loss):

Items that will not be reclassified

subsequently to profit or loss:

1 050

3 920

Remeasurement of net defined

benefit liabilities

15

3 920

1 050

(336)

(1 255)

Income tax relating to items that will not

be reclassified

(1 255)

(336)

Items that may be reclassified subsequently

to profit or loss:

–

–

Foreign currency translation reserve (FCTR)

(445)

(6)

714

2 665

Other comprehensive income for the year net

of taxation

2 220

708

933 369

265 343

Total comprehensive income for the year

attributable to equity holders of the parent

263 547

931 827

Basic earnings per ordinary share (cents)**

24.1

126.5

450.8

* Restated figures relate to disclosure on revenue and net

revenue. No figures have been affected.

** There is no difference between basic and diluted earnings

per share.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

99:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

COMPANY

GROUP

for the

year ended

30 June

2019

Restated*

N$’000

for the

year ended

30 June

2020

N$’000

Notes

for the

year ended

30 June

2020

N$’000

for the

year ended

30 June

2019

Restated*

N$’000

(73 755)

23 679

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

24 331

(81 043)

3 832 763

3 541 671

Cash receipts from customers

3 544 649

3 833 152

(3 134 820) (3 013 521) Cash paid to suppliers and employees

(3 015 848) (3 142 144)

697 943

529 524

Cash generated by operations

26.1

530 175

691 008

(598 274)

(462 728) Dividends paid

25

(462 728)

(598 274)

(172 167)

(41 744) Income tax paid

26.2

(41 743)

(172 198)

(1 257)

(1 374)

Employer benefit payments on

post-employment benefit plans

15

(1 374)

(1 579)

(101 140)

(142 660)

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

(143 257)

(94 505)

26 500

16 818

Finance income

17 592

26 607

–

(100) Loan written off

(100)

–

(6 528)

1 371

Loans advanced to subsidiaries

–

–

(123 364)

(164 387) Acquisition of property, plant and equipment

(164 387)

(123 364)

(808)

(435) Acquisition of intangible assets

(435)

(808)

3 060

3 970

Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and

equipment

3 970

3 060

–

103

Proceeds on disposal of intangible assets

103

–

(55 973)

173 717

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

173 886

(55 859)

(42 455)

(50 545) Finance costs

(50 545)

(42 455)

100 000

810 000

Proceeds from interest-bearing loans

and borrowings

810 000

100 000

(113 518)

(567 669)

Repayment of interest-bearing loans

and borrowings

(567 500)

(113 404)

–

(18 069) Repayment of lease liabilities

(18 069)

–

(230 868)

54 736

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash

equivalents

54 960

(231 407)

–

–

Effect of translation of foreign entities

(6)

–

418 758

187 890

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning

of the year

192 603

424 010

187 890

242 626

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF

THE YEAR

11

247 557

192 603

* Restated figures relate to disclosure on cash receipts from customers and cash paid to suppliers and employees. The reallocation does not

affect the final figures.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

101:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

on returnable containers, this being management’s best estimate of breakage rate and useful life.

The majority of returnable containers are with customers and the estimate of cost along with the

corresponding returnable deposit liability is based on management’s judgement. Any change to

these assumptions could have a significant impact on both the asset and corresponding liability.

Recoverability of investment in associate

The Company’s investment in the associate is carried at cost less impairment. The Directors have

evaluated the value of the investment and have considered this to approximate the Company’s

investment less equity accounted losses at year end. Changes in the assumptions impacting

expected future cash generation could affect the recoverability of the valuation of the investment

in the associate. See note 8 for further details on these assumptions.

3.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in the

consolidated and separate financial statements.

(a) Basis of consolidation

(i)

Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries are those entities over whose financial and operating policies the Group has the

power to exercise control, so as to obtain benefits from their activities. In assessing control

potential voting rights that presently are exercisable are taken into account. The financial

statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the

date that control commences until the date that control ceases. The financial statements

of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting year as the parent company, using

consistent accounting policies. Investment in subsidiaries are shown at cost in the

Company’s financial statements.

(ii)

Associates

The Group’s interest in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting.

Under the equity method, the interest in an associate is carried in the statement of financial

position at cost plus post acquisition changes in the Group’s net share of the assets. The

statement profit or loss and other comprehensive income reflects the share of the results of

the operations of the associate. Profits and losses resulting from transactions between the

Group and the associate are eliminated to the extent of the interest in the associate.

(iii) Transactions eliminated on consolidation

Intra-Group balances and transactions and any unrealised income and expenses arising from

intra-Group transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

Unrealised gains from transactions with equity accounted investees are eliminated against

the investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are

eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that there is no

evidence of impairment.

(b) Business combinations

Business combinations are recognised and measured in terms of IFRS 3 Business Combinations.

Business combinations under common control are recorded at the net book value of the assets or

liabilities acquired.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

103:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

(iii) Depreciation

Depreciation is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful

lives of each of the items of property, plant and equipment. Leased assets are depreciated

over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that

the Group and Company will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term. The average

depreciation rates for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

2020

2019

Freehold buildings

2%

2%

Leasehold land and buildings

4%

4%

Plant and machinery

4 – 20%

4 – 20%

Vehicles

20%

20%

Furniture and equipment

10 – 33%

10 – 33%

Returnable containers

20%

20%

The asset’s residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation are reviewed, and

adjusted if appropriate, at each financial year end. Land is not depreciated. The carrying

values are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that

the carrying value may not be recoverable.

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised on disposal or when no future

economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on

derecognition of the asset is included in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised.

Depreciation is not provided on assets during the time of construction.

(e) Intangible assets

(i)

Research and development

Expenditure on research activities, undertaken with the prospect of gaining new scientific or

technical knowledge and understanding, and expenditure on internally generated goodwill

and brands is recognised in profit or loss as an expense as incurred. Expenditure on

development activities, whereby research findings are applied to a plan or design for the

production of new or substantially improved products and processes, is capitalised if the

product or process is technically feasible, costs can be reliably measured, future economic

benefits are feasible and the Group or Company intends to and has sufficient resources to

complete development and to use or sell the asset. The expenditure capitalised includes

the cost of materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads. Other

development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss as an expense as incurred.

Capitalised development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortisation

and impairment losses.

(ii) Other intangible assets

Other intangible assets acquired by the Group or Company, which have finite useful lives,

are measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses.

(iii) Subsequent expenditure

Subsequent development expenditure on capitalised intangible assets is capitalised only

when it increases the future economic benefit embodied in the specific assets to which it

relates. All other subsequent expenditure is expensed as incurred.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

105:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

(g) Inventories

Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventories

comprises all costs of purchase, conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories

to their present location and condition, and is determined as follows:

Raw materials, merchandise and consumable stores

Purchase cost on the weighted average basis.

Finished goods and work in progress

Cost of direct materials and labour and a proportion of manufacturing overheads based on

normal operating capacity but excluding borrowing costs. Obsolete, redundant and slow-moving

inventories are identified on a regular basis and are written down to their estimated net realisable

values. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of the business,

less estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

(h) Impairment

(i)

Financial assets

The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on investments in debt

instruments that are measured at amortised cost or at FVTOCI, lease receivables, trade

receivables and contract assets, as well as on financial guarantee contracts. The amount of

expected credit losses is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk

since initial recognition of the respective financial instrument.

The Group always recognises lifetime ECL (expected credit losses) for trade receivables,

contract assets and lease receivables. The expected credit losses on these financial assets

are estimated using a provision matrix based management recommendations, adjusted for

factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of

both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date,

including time value of money where appropriate.

For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a

significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the

financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures

the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL.

Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default

events over the expected life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents

the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events on a financial

instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.

Significant increase in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since

initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial

instrument at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial

instrument at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers

both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including

historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or

effort. Forward-looking information considered includes the future prospects of the

industries in which the Group’s debtors operate, obtained from economic expert reports,

financial analysts, governmental bodies, relevant think-tanks and other similar organisations,

as well as consideration of various external sources of actual and forecast economic

information that relate to the Group’s core operations.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

107:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

Definition of default

The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk

management purposes as historical experience indicates that financial assets that meet

either of the following criteria are generally not recoverable:

zz

when there is a breach of financial covenants by the debtor; or

zz

information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the

debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into

account any collateral held by the Group).

Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when a

financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and

supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more

appropriate.

Credit-impaired financial assets

A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact

on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a

financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

(a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

(b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event (see (ii) above);

(c) the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the

borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the

lender(s) would not otherwise consider;

(d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial

reorganisation; or

(e) the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial

difficulties.

Write-off policy

The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the debtor

is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the

debtor has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or

in the case of trade receivables, when the amounts are over two years past due, whichever

occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities

under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate.

Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.

Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses

The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss

given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default.

The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical

data adjusted by forward-looking information as described above. As for the exposure at

default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross carrying amount at the

reporting date; for financial guarantee contracts, the exposure includes the amount drawn

down as at the reporting date, together with any additional amounts expected to be drawn

down in the future by default date determined based on historical trend, the Group’s

understanding of the specific future financing needs of the debtors, and other relevant

forward-looking information.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

109:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

(i)

Financial instruments

(i)

Non-derivative financial instruments

Non-derivative financial instruments comprise trade and other receivables, cash and cash

equivalents, interest-bearing borrowings, trade and other payables. Non-derivative financial

instruments are recognised initially at fair value plus, for instruments not at fair value through

profit and loss, any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition,

non-derivative financial instruments are measured as described below. Accounting for

finance income and costs is discussed in note 2(l) and 2(m) respectively. All regular way

purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date i.e. the date that

the Company and Group commits to purchase the asset.

(ii)

Financial assets or liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Included in this category are derivative financial instruments. Financial assets or liabilities

classified as at fair value through profit or loss, are subsequent to initial recognition,

measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

(iii) Loans and receivables

Included in this category are the loans to Group companies. Loans and receivables are

non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in

an active market. Such assets are carried at amortised cost using the effective interest

method. Amortised cost is computed as the amount initially recognised minus principal

repayments, plus or minus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method

of any difference between the initially recognised amount and the maturity amount. This

calculation includes all fees and points paid or received between parties to the contract that

are an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and all other premiums

and discounts. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the loans and

receivables are derecognised or impaired, as well as through the amortisation process.

(iv) Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables, which generally have 30–60 day terms, are subsequent to initial

recognition, recognised at amortised cost.

(v)

Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on

hand, deposits held on call with banks, net of bank overdrafts, all of which are available for

use by the Company and Group unless otherwise stated.

(vi) Interest-bearing loans and borrowings

Included in this category are long- and medium-term financing and short-term borrowings.

Non-derivative financial liabilities are recognised at amortised cost, using the effective

interest method. Interest-bearing bank loans and overdrafts are recorded at the value of

proceeds received, net of direct issue costs. Finance charges are accounted for on an

accrual basis and are added to the carrying amount of the instrument to the extent that

they are not settled in the period in which they arise.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

111:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

(l)

Finance income

Finance income comprises interest income on funds, loans to associates and Group companies.

Interest income is recognised in the year as it accrues in profit or loss, using the effective interest

method.

(m) Finance costs

Finance costs comprise interest expense on borrowings. Borrowing costs are recognised in profit

or loss using the effective interest method. Finance costs on qualifying assets are capitalised.

(n) Income tax

Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in

profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which

case it is recognised in other comprehensive income. Current tax comprises tax payable calculated

on the basis of the expected taxable income for the year, using the tax rates and tax laws enacted

or substantively enacted at the reporting date and any adjustment of tax payable for previous

years. Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences at the reporting date between the tax

bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes. Deferred

tax is not recognised for the following temporary differences:

zz

The initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination

and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss;

zz

Investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled entities to the extent that it is probable that

the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and

zz

Taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill. The carrying

amount of deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date to determine that sufficient

taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised.

Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the reporting date and are recognised to

the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax

asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are

expected to apply to the year when the asset is realised or the liability settled, based on tax

rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set

off deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same

taxable entity and the same taxation authority.

(o) Value-added tax

Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of value added tax except:

zz

Where the value-added tax incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from

the taxation authority, in which case the value added tax is recognised as part of the cost of

acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as applicable; and

zz

Receivables and payables that are stated with the amount of value added tax included. The net

amount of value added tax recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included

as part of receivables or payables in the statement of financial position.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

113:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

(r)

Operating segment

An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which

it may earn revenues and incur expenses. An operating segment is also a component of the Group

whose operating results are reviewed regularly by the entity’s Chief Operating Decision Maker to

make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance and

for which discrete financial information is available. In accordance with IFRS 8 Operating

Segments, the operating segments used to present segment information were identified on the

basis of the internal reports used by management to allocate resources to the segments and

assess their performance. The Executive Directors (: Managing

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

(ii)

Standards and amendments issued but not yet effective

At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the following Standards and

Interpretations were in issue but not yet effective:

The Directors are assessing the impact of adopting these standards but do not currently

expect the adoption of any of these standards to have a significant impact on these

accounts.

New/Revised International

Financial Reporting Standards

Date issued

Effective dates

IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts

IFRS 17 requires insurance liabilities

to be measured at a current fulfilment

value and provides a more uniform

measurement and presentation

approach for all insurance contracts.

These requirements are designed to

achieve the goal of a consistent,

principle-based accounting for

insurance contracts.

18 May 2017

Applicable to annual reporting

periods beginning on or after

1 January 2021

IFRS 7 Financial Instruments:

Disclosures

Amendments regarding pre-

replacement issues in the context

of the IBOR reform

September 2019

Annual periods beginning on or

after 1 January 2020

IFRS 9 Financial Instruments

Amendments regarding pre-

replacement issues in the context

of the IBOR reform

September 2019

Annual periods beginning on or

after 1 January 2020

IFRS 16 Leases

Amendment to provide lessees with

an exemption from assessing whether

a COVID-19-related rent concession

is a lease modification

May 2020

Annual periods beginning on or

after 1 June 2020

IAS 1 Presentation of Financial

Statements

Amendments regarding the definition

of material

October 2018

Annual periods beginning on or

after 1 January 2020

IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in

Accounting Estimates and Errors

Amendments regarding the definition

of material

October 2018

Annual periods beginning on or

after 1 January 2020

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

117:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

Impact on financial statements

On transition to IFRS 16, the Group recognised an additional N$8 846 979 of right-of-use assets

and N$9 044 560 of lease liabilities, recognising the difference in retained earnings. When

measuring lease liabilities, Group discounted lease payments using its incremental borrowing

rate at 1 July 2019. The weighted average rate applied is 9.6%.

Reconciliation of previous operating lease commitments to lease liabilities under IFRS 16

1 July

2019

N$’000

Operating lease commitment at 30 June 2019 as previously disclosed

3 806

Discounted using the incremental borrowing rate at 1 July 2019

2 410

Add finance lease liabilities recognised as at 30 June 2019

7 055

Less recognition exemption for: Short-term leases

(420)

Lease liabilities recognised at 1 July 2019

9 045

The aggregate effect of the changes in accounting policy on the annual financial statements for

the year ended 30 June 2020 as follows:

Statements of financial position

GROUP

COMPANY

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

Property, plant and equipment

Previously stated

995 967

–

960 416

–

Adjustment

(28 244)

–

(28 244)

–

967 723

–

932 172

–

Deferred tax

Previously stated

11 587

–

11 587

–

Adjustment

(8 582)

–

(8 582)

–

3 005

–

3 005

–

Right-of-use assets

Previously stated

–

–

–

–

Adjustment

32 304

–

32 304

–

32 304

–

32 304

–

Retained earnings

Previously stated

1 954 353

–

1 951 604

–

Adjustment

(198)

–

(198)

–

1 954 155

–

1 951 406

–

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

119:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

4.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

At cost

226 817

237 872

Freehold land and buildings

272 095

261 040

6 830

6 893

Leasehold land and buildings

9 051

8 988

1 201 152

1 238 732

Plant and machinery

1 240 401

1 202 822

126 173

80 763

Vehicles

80 753

126 163

90 392

94 971

Furniture and equipment

95 430

90 851

426 581

453 649

Returnable containers

453 649

426 581

11 899

37 242

Assets under construction

37 262

11 919

2 089 845

2 150 121

2 188 641

2 128 365

Accumulated depreciation

38 660

42 689

Freehold land and buildings

42 689

38 660

3 746

3 960

Leasehold land and buildings

6 118

5 904

674 134

715 883

Plant and machinery

716 814

674 735

74 536

53 747

Vehicles

53 735

74 525

63 375

70 720

Furniture and equipment

70 987

63 596

274 978

312 974

Returnable containers

312 974

274 978

1 129 429

1 199 974

1 203 317

1 132 398

Carrying value

188 157

195 182

Freehold land and buildings

229 405

222 380

3 084

2 933

Leasehold land and buildings

2 933

3 084

527 019

522 849

Plant and machinery

523 587

528 087

51 637

27 016

Vehicles

27 017

51 638

27 017

24 251

Furniture and equipment

24 443

27 255

151 603

140 675

Returnable containers

140 675

151 603

11 899

37 242

Assets under construction

37 262

11 919

960 416

950 148

985 323

995 967

Refer to Annexure B for details regarding the

movement in property, plant and equipment for

the year.

Leased assets

Included in 2019 are leased vehicles that were

transferred to note 6: Right-of-use assets in

the current year under IFRS 16. The leasehold

property below does not fall under IFRS 16 and

is included in property, plant and equipment.

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

121:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

6.

RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

At cost

–

64 122

Leased motor vehicles

64 122

–

–

9 863

Leased properties

9 863

–

–

73 984

73 984

–

Accumulated amortisation

–

36 770

Leased motor vehicles

36 770

–

–

4 910

Leased properties

4 910

–

–

41 680

41 680

–

Carrying value

–

27 351

Leased motor vehicles

27 351

–

–

4 953

Leased properties

4 953

–

–

32 304

32 304

–

Refer to Annexure B for details regarding the

movement in right-of-use assets for the year.

The corresponding lease liability information

is disclosed in note 14 and Annexure A.

7.

INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES (ANNEXURE C)

35 520

35 520

Shares at cost

(1 381)

(1 212)

Loans from subsidiaries

301

1 006

Loans to subsidiaries

34 440

35 314

(1 080)

(206)

Current

35 520

35 520

Non-current

34 440

35 314

Net investment in subsidiaries

The loans are interest free and have no fixed

repayment terms.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

123:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

8.

INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATE (continued)

The summarised financial information of material

associates at 30 June and for the year then ended

is as follows:

Summarised statement of financial position

Current assets

2 884 272

1 137 600

Non-current assets

7 736 306

6 376 700

10 620 578

7 514 300

Current liabilities

5 105 479

2 990 300

Non-current liabilities

2 812 182

1 604 200

7 917 661

4 594 500

Summarised statement of profit or loss

Revenue

8 272 324

9 333 017

Other income and expenses

(8 732 586) (8 675 766)

Profit/(loss) before income tax

(460 262)

657 251

Income tax credit

153 454

1 144 916

Profit/(loss) from continuing operations

(306 808)

1 802 167

Equity profit/(loss) from associate

(76 703)

450 542

Royalties received from associate

91 311

105 656

9.

INVENTORIES

81 583

87 661

Raw materials

87 661

81 583

28 971

21 405

Work in progress

21 405

28 971

91 911

120 655

Finished products

120 655

91 911

140 003

128 798

Consumable stores

128 798

140 003

10 438

14 982

Merchandise

14 982

10 438

352 906

373 501

373 501

352 906

(8 469)

(27 817)

Provision for obsolete inventory

(27 817)

(8 469)

344 437

345 684

345 684

344 437

For the 2020 financial year, the total inventory

impairment amounted to N$9.2 million (2019:

N$9.2 million). The impairment to inventories is

included in operating expenses in profit and loss

and is mainly due to expired goods and changes

in packaging design.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

125:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

10.

TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)

Exposure to credit risk (continued)

The Group’s historical credit loss experience does not show significantly different loss patterns for

different customer segments. The provision for credit losses is therefore based on past due status

without disaggregating into further risk profiles. The loss allowance provision is determined as follows:

2020

2020

2019

2019

Estimated

gross

carrying

amount

at default

N$’000

Loss

allowance

(Lifetime

expected

credit loss)

N$’000

Estimated

gross

carrying

amount

at default

N$’000

Loss

allowance

(Lifetime

expected

credit loss)

N$’000

GROUP

Expected credit loss rate:

Not past due: 0.1%

152 628

(138)

295 276

(262)

31 – 60 days past due: 0.2%

133

(9)

1 156

(53)

61 – 90 days past due: 0.3%

2 202

(7)

3 524

(19)

91 – 120 days past due: 0.4%

22 594

(90)

3 816

(15)

120+ days past due: 0.5%

51 248

(10 785)

43 707

(5 879)

228 805

(11 029)

347 479

(6 228)

COMPANY

Expected credit loss rate:

Not past due: 0.1%

152 628

(138)

295 276

(262)

31 – 60 days past due: 0.2%

133

(9)

1 156

(53)

61 – 90 days past due: 0.3%

2 202

(7)

3 524

(19)

91 – 120 days past due: 0.4%

22 594

(90)

3 816

(15)

120+ days past due: 0.5%

51 174

(10 785)

43 633

(5 879)

228 731

(11 029)

347 405

(6 228)

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

Movement in the allowance account

for impairment losses:

(6 607)

(6 228)

Balance at the beginning of the year

(6 228)

(6 607)

(1 268)

(7 883)

Provision raised

(7 883)

(1 268)

2 213

3 016

Utilised

3 016

2 213

(566)

66

IFRS 9 provision raised/(reversed)

66

(566)

(6 228)

(11 029)

Balance at the end of the year

(11 029)

(6 228)

Analysed as follows:

(5 662)

(10 529)

Individually impaired trade receivables

(10 529)

(5 662)

(566)

(500)

Collectively impaired trade receivables

(500)

(566)

(6 228)

(11 029)

(11 029)

(6 228)

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

127:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

14.

INTEREST-BEARING LOANS AND BORROWINGS

This note provides information about the

contractual terms of the Company and Group’s

interest-bearing loans and borrowings. For more

information about the exposure to interest rate

risk, see Annexure A.

Non-current liabilities

162 500

480 000

Medium-term loan (Annexure A)

480 000

162 500

21 008

21 608

Finance lease liabilities (Annexure A)

21 608

21 008

183 508

501 608

501 608

183 508

Current liabilities

1 381

1 212

Loan from related parties (Annexure A)

–

–

200 000

125 000

Medium-term loan (Annexure A)

125 000

200 000

15 201

20 088

Finance lease liabilities (Annexure A)

20 088

15 201

216 582

146 300

145 088

215 201

The undrawn facilities at 30 June 2020 were

N$570 million (2019: N$150 million).

For terms and conditions relating to related party

payables, interest-bearing borrowings and loans,

refer to note 27 and Annexure A respectively.

15.

RETIREMENT BENEFIT INFORMATION

15.1 Retirement fund

The total value of contributions to the

Ohlthaver & List Retirement Fund during the

period amounted to:

10 675

17 586

Members’ contributions

17 586

10 675

28 089

24 289

Employer’s contributions

24 289

28 089

38 764

41 875

41 875

38 764

This is a defined contribution plan and is regulated

by the Pension Fund Act of Namibia. The fund is

valued at intervals of not more than three years.

The fund was valued by an independent

consulting actuary at 30 June 2020 and its assets

were found to exceed its actuarially calculated

liabilities.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

129:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

15.

RETIREMENT BENEFIT INFORMATIONS

(continued)

15.3 Severance benefit

15 445

17 084

Balance at the beginning of the year

17 084

15 767

1 545

1 716

Current service costs

1 716

1 172

1 172

677

Interest cost

677

1 545

(619)

(3 547)

Actuarial gain

(3 547)

(619)

(459)

(859)

Benefits paid

(859)

(781)

17 084

15 071

Non-current balance at the end of the year

15 071

17 084

23 550

21 208

21 208

23 550

The principal actuarial assumptions used in

determining severance pay obligations for the

Group is as follows:

10.20%

12.00%

Discount rate

12.00%

10.20%

6.50%

6.80%

Inflation rate

6.80%

6.50%

6.50%

6.80%

Salary increase rate

6.80%

6.50%

Sensitivity analysis of inflation rate:

A one percentage point decrease or increase

in the inflation rate will have the following effect:

The accrued liability as at 30 June 2020

will decrease by N$1.370 million (2019:

N$1.625 million) or increase by N$1.595 million

(2019: N$1.913 million) respectively.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

131:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

17.

TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

274 379

89 468

Trade and other payables

89 792

274 340

10 781

16 657

Payables to Group companies (note 27.1)

16 657

10 781

1 196

1 512

Payables to other related parties (note 27.2)

1 512

1 196

75 020

61 831

Excise duties

61 831

75 020

126 116

75 205

Accruals

75 851

128 525

37 283

47 440

Returnable packaging deposits

48 276

38 229

524 775

292 113

293 919

528 091

Terms and conditions of the above financial

liabilities:

For terms and conditions of balances owing

to related parties refer to note 27.

Trade and other payables comprise amounts

outstanding for trade purchases and ongoing

costs. The Directors consider the carrying amount

of trade and other payables approximates their

fair value.

Trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are

normally settled on 30-60 day terms.

Accruals relate to leave, medical, bonus, electricity

and management fee accruals among others.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

133:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

19.

OPERATING EXPENSES

Costs by nature

1 165 187

975 409

Raw material and consumables

975 409

1 165 187

398 756

346 383

Employment costs

346 383

402 553

482 270

480 855

Administration and marketing expenses

481 230

486 045

182 170

161 903

Railage and transport

161 903

182 170

44 297

57 967

Repairs and maintenance

57 966

44 297

171 565

167 947

Depreciation, amortisation and impairments

169 698

165 420

2 444 245

2 190 464

2 192 589

2 445 672

20.

OPERATING PROFIT

is stated after taking account of:

Income

56

–

Rent received

–

56

2 904

36 800

Realised profit on foreign exchange transactions

36 800

2 904

265

9 333

Unrealised gains on foreign exchange contracts

9 333

265

Expenses

Audit fees

1 983

2 303

– for statutory audit

2 303

1 983

821

1 314

– for other services

1 552

1 035

159 737

144 416

Depreciation on property, plant and equipment

144 796

160 119

–

19 298

Depreciation on right-of-use assets

19 298

–

5 300

4 520

Amortisation – intangible asset

4 520

5 300

(299)

(1 974)

Net profit on disposal of property, plant and

equipment

(1 974)

(299)

10 617

7 173

Directors emoluments (Annexure D)

7 173

10 617

53 432

61 097

Management and shared services fees

61 097

53 432

1 131

929

Royalties

1 627

1 307

Operating lease payments

7 147

2 677

– land and buildings

2 677

7 164

3 066

3 129

– motor vehicles

3 129

3 066

(3 296)

19 348

Movement in the provision for impairment

of inventories

19 348

(3 296)

(945)

4 801

Movement in the provision for impairment

of trade receivables

4 801

(945)

6 528

(1 371)

Impairment of loans to subsidiaries

–

–

21.

FINANCE COSTS

34 316

40 007

Interest-bearing loans

40 007

34 316

5 933

8 210

Lease liabilities

8 210

5 933

2 180

2 275

Post-employment benefits

2 275

2 180

26

53

Other interest

53

26

42 455

50 545

Total finance costs

50 545

42 455

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

135:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

%

2020

%

2020

%

2019

%

23.

INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)

Reconciliation of effective tax rate

32.0

32.0

Namibian normal tax rate

32.0

32.0

(Reduction)/increase in rate of taxation

(2.4)

(7.40)

– manufacturing allowances

(7.5)

(2.4)

0.0

0.00

– decrease in tax rate

0.0

0.0

0.8

1.50

– disallowable expenditure

1.5

0.8

(2.4)

(6.60)

– effect of rate differential between tax

jurisdictions

(6.6)

(2.4)

(13.2)

7.10

– equity accounted losses/(profits)

7.1

(13.2)

(0.5)

(2.70)

– adjustments relating to prior periods

(2.7)

(0.5)

–

–

– unrecognised tax losses

0.1

–

14.3

23.9

Effective rate of taxation

23.9

14.3

24.

BASIC AND HEADLINE EARNINGS PER

ORDINARY SHARE

Basic earnings per share amounts are calculated

by dividing profit for the year attributable to

ordinary equity holders of the parent by the

weighted average number of ordinary shares

outstanding during the year.

Calculation of weighted average number of shares

for basic earnings per share and dilutive earnings

per share:

N$’000

N$’000

N$’000

N$’000

206 529

206 529

Shares issued at the beginning of the year

206 529

206 529

–

–

Shares issued during the year to ordinary

shareholders

–

–

206 529

206 529

Weighted average number of shares

206 529

206 529

Profit attributable to ordinary shareholders

261 327

931 119

Non-headline earnings items included in equity

accounted earnings of associated companies

–

(26)

Net (gain)/loss on the sale of property, plant

and equipment

(1 974)

(299)

Headline earnings

259 353

930 794

24.1 Basic earnings per ordinary share (cents)*

Profit attributable to ordinary shareholders

261 327

931 119

Weighted number of shares in issue (000s)

206 529

206 529

Basic earnings per ordinary share (cents)*

126.5

450.8

* There is no difference between basic and diluted

earnings per share.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

137:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

26.

NOTES TO THE STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

26.1 Cash generated by operations

1 088 110

344 938

Profit before income tax

343 587

1 086 605

Adjustments for:

159 737

144 416

Depreciation on property, plant and equipment

144 796

160 119

–

19 298

Depreciation on right-of-use assets

19 298

–

5 300

4 520

Amortisation

4 520

5 300

(299)

(1 974)

(Gain)/Loss on disposal of property, plant

and equipment

(1 974)

(299)

–

–

Net impairment (reversals)/losses

–

–

1 211

(9 068)

Unrealised (gains)/losses on foreign

exchange contract

(9 068)

1 211

1 971

5 294

Actuarial gain on retirement benefit assets

and liabilities

5 294

2 293

1 045

(2 342)

Increase/(decrease) in provisions

(2 342)

723

(450 542)

76 703

Equity (profit)/loss from associate

76 703

(450 542)

6 528

(1 371)

Impairment on subsidiary loans

–

–

–

100

Other impairments

100

–

(1 207)

–

IFRS 15 adjustment

–

(1 207)

–

–

FCTR movement

(445)

(6)

(26 500)

(16 818)

Finance income

(17 592)

(26 607)

42 455

50 545

Finance costs

50 545

42 455

827 809

614 241

Operating profit before working capital changes

613 422

820 046

(129 866)

(84 716)

Working capital changes

(83 246)

(129 038)

(54 487)

(1 247)

Increase in inventories

(1 247)

(54 487)

(134 975)

149 195

Increase in trade and other receivables

152 173

(134 401)

59 596

(232 664)

Increase in trade and other payables

(234 172)

59 850

697 943

529 524

Cash generated by operations

530 175

691 008

26.2 Income tax paid

33 218

38 914

Balance at the beginning of the year

39 240

33 544

(166 807)

(76 662)

Current tax charge

(76 662)

(166 838)

336

–

Tax on other comprehensive income

–

336

(38 914)

(3 996)

Balance at the end of the year

(4 321)

(39 240)

(172 167)

(41 744)

Income tax paid during the year

(41 743)

(172 198)

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

139:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

27.

RELATED PARTIES (continued)

27.1 Group companies (continued)

Revenue

Sales to during the year

–

304

Broll (Proprietary) Limited

304

–

18

69

Chobe Water Villas (Proprietary) Limited

69

18

49

49

Hangana Seafood (Proprietary) Limited

49

49

–

139

Hartlief Corporation Limited

139

–

6

–

Kraatz Marine (Proprietary) Limited

–

6

3 832

3 395

Namibia Dairies (Proprietary) Limited

3 395

3 832

14

–

O&L Energy (Proprietary) Limited

–

14

3 450

2 859

O&L Leisure (Proprietary) Limited

2 859

3 450

47

251

Ohlthaver & List Centre (Proprietary) Limited

251

47

114

309

Organic Energy Solutions (Proprietary) Limited

309

114

14

402

W.U.M. Properties (Proprietary) Limited

t/a Model Pick n Pay

402

14

32

8

Weatherman & Co Advertising

(Proprietary) Limited

8

32

7 576

7 785

7 785

7 576

7 576

7 785

Total Revenue from Group companies

7 785

7 576

Current liabilities (note 17)

449

590

ICT Holdings (Proprietary) Limited

590

449

7

9

Namibia Dairies (Proprietary) Limited

9

7

245

–

O&L Leisure (Proprietary) Limited

–

245

–

18

O&L South Africa Proprietary Limited

18

–

6 297

14 048

Ohlthaver & List Centre (Proprietary) Limited

14 048

6 297

914

953

Organic Energy Solutions (Proprietary) Limited

953

914

5

–

Utterly Social Media (Proprietary) Limited

–

5

31

1

W.U.M. Properties (Proprietary) Limited t/a Model

Pick n Pay

1

31

2 833

1 038

Weathermen & Co Advertising (Proprietary)

Limited

1 038

2 833

10 781

16 657

16 657

10 781

Subsidiaries

1 381

1 212

Northgate Properties (Proprietary) Limited

–

–

1 381

1 212

–

–

12 162

17 869

16 657

10 781

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

141:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

27.

RELATED PARTIES (continued)

27.2 Other related parties

Current assets (note 10)

23

48

Dimension Data (Proprietary) Limited

48

23

156 791

43 190

Heineken South Africa Proprietary Limited

43 190

156 791

2 556

1 341

Heineken South Africa Exports Company

Proprietary Limited

1 341

2 556

159 370

44 579

44 579

159 370

Current liabilities (note 17)

1 196

1 512

Dimension Data (Proprietary) Limited

1 512

1 196

Management fees paid

4 522

4 906

Heineken International B.V.

4 906

4 522

Royalties received

4 816

3 791

Heineken South Africa Exports Company

Proprietary Limited

3 791

4 816

105 656

91 311

Heineken South Africa Proprietary Limited

91 311

105 656

110 472

95 102

95 102

110 472

Know-how fees received

9 330

8 273

Heineken South Africa Proprietary Limited

8 273

9 330

Sales

250

250

Dimension Data (Proprietary) Limited

250

250

10 575

–

Heineken South Africa Export Company

Proprietary Limited

–

10 575

1 283 948

936 002

Heineken South Africa Proprietary Limited

936 002

1 283 948

1 294 773

936 252

936 252

1 294 773

Interest received

6 762

6 370

Heineken South Africa Proprietary Limited

6 370

6 762

Interest paid

25

1

Dimension Data (Proprietary) Limited

1

25

Royalties paid

1 131

929

Heineken International B.V.

929

1 131

Purchases during the year

12 235

12 261

Dimension Data (Proprietary) Limited

12 261

12 235

Directors fees

337

360

Heineken International B.V.

360

337

Legal fees

1 248

1 449

Engling, Stritter & Partners

1 449

1 248

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

143:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

28.

CAPITAL COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Authorised

51 737

26 710

Contracted for

26 710

51 737

207 696

137 969

Not contracted for

137 969

207 696

259 433

164 679

164 679

259 433

These capital commitments are for the expansion,

replacement and improvement of property plant

and equipment.

This proposed capital expenditure is to be

financed by own funds, and are expected to be

settled within the following year.

6 000

6 000

Guarantees and suretyship

6 000

6 000

The suretyships are issued by First Rand Bank

Limited in favour of the Namibian Ministry of

Finance.

Finance lease liabilities

The Group has entered into finance leases on

certain motor vehicles. These leases have fixed

terms of repayments and purchase options. Lease

payments are linked to prime variable interest

rates. The loans are secured by the vehicles

as disclosed in note 6. Future minimum lease

payments under finance leases together with the

present value of the net minimum lease payments

are as follows:

Minimum lease payments

Motor vehicles

20 844

22 261

Within one year

22 261

20 844

26 687

25 215

After one year but not more than five years

25 215

26 687

47 531

47 476

Total minimum lease payments

47 476

47 531

(11 322)

(11 149)

Less amounts representing finance charges

(11 149)

(11 322)

36 209

36 327

Principal minimum lease payments

36 327

36 209

Minimum lease payments

Property leases

2 098

3 945

Within one year

3 945

2 098

1 737

1 941

After one year but not more than five years

1 941

1 737

3 835

5 886

Total minimum lease payments

5 886

3 835

–

(518)

Less amounts representing finance charges

(518)

–

3 835

5 368

Total minimum lease payments

5 368

3 835

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

145:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

29.

FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES

AND POLICIES (continued)

29.3 Credit risk (continued)

The granting of credit is made on application

and is approved by management. At year end

the Company did not consider there to be

any significant concentration of credit risk or

significant exposure to any individual customer

or counter party which has not been adequately

provided for.

Financial assets exposed to credit risk at year

end were as follows:

187 890

242 626

Cash and cash equivalents

247 557

192 603

73 625

73 625

Loan to associate

73 625

73 625

170 012

56 804

Receivables due from related parties

52 435

166 348

232 669

188 959

Trade and other receivables

188 686

232 794

Major concentrations of credit risk that arise from

the Group’s receivables in relation to the industry

categories and location of the customers by the

percentage of total receivables from customers are:

Trading industry

%

%

Namibia

62.10

47.90

South Africa

14.90

37.90

Other export markets

23.00

14.20

100.00

100.00

29.4 Liquidity risk

The Group manages liquidity risk by monitoring

forecast cash flows and ensuring that adequate

unutilised borrowing facilities are maintained.

Refer to Annexure A.

Borrowing capacity is determined by the Directors

of the Company. The Directors consider a ratio

of not higher than 75% of shareholders’ equity as

conservative.

N$’000

N$’000

N$’000

N$’000

1 464 469

1 316 282

75% of shareholder’s equity

1 316 921

1 466 456

(400 090)

(647 908)

Less total interest-bearing borrowings

(646 696)

(398 709)

1 064 379

668 374

Unutilised borrowing capacity

670 225

1 067 747

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

147:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

30.

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

30.1 Fair values

The fair value of all financial instruments are

substantially identical to the carrying amounts

reflected in the balance sheet.

Fair value hierarchy

The table below analyses assets and liabilities

carried at fair value. The different levels are

defined as follows:

Level 1: Quoted unadjusted prices in active

markets for identical assets or liabilities that

the Group can access at measurement date.

Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices

included in level 1 that are observable for the

asset or liability either directly or indirectly.

Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or

liability.

Level 2

Assets

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

265

9 333

Forward foreign exchange asset

9 333

265

Transfers of assets and liabilities within levels

of fair value hierarchy

There are no transfers between level 1 and level 2

for the year ended 30 June 2020 and for the year

ended 30 June 2019.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

149:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

30.

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

30.2 Hedging activities and foreign currency risk

(continued)

Effect on profit before taxation

(3 042)

(208)

Euro

(208)

(3 042)

34

–

Pound Sterling

–

34

1 904

4 725

US Dollar

4 725

1 904

(1 104)

4 517

4 517

(1 104)

30.3 Maturity profile

The following tables detail the Group and Company’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial

liabilities and assets. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows based on

the earliest date on which the Group and Company can be required/anticipate to incur and outflow/

inflow. The table includes both interest and principal cash flows.

2020 – Group

Effective

interest

rate

1 year

N$’000

2 years

N$’000

3–5 years

N$’000

5 years +

N$’000

Total

N$’000

Financial assets

Cash and cash equivalents

7.35%

247 557

–

–

–

247 557

Derivative financial

instruments

0.00%

9 333

–

–

–

9 333

Loans to associates

SA Prime

73 625

–

–

–

73 625

Trade and other receivables

0.00%

255 624

–

–

–

255 624

586 139

–

–

–

586 139

Financial liabilities

Interest-bearing borrowings

Ref.

Anex. A

158 479

40 790

493 216

–

692 485

Trade and other payables

0.00%

156 237

–

–

–

156 237

314 716

40 790

493 216

–

848 722

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

151:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for the year ended 30 June 2020

30.

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

30.3 Maturity profile (continued)

2019 – Company

Effective

interest

rate

1 year

N$’000

2 years

N$’000

3–5 years

N$’000

5 years +

N$’000

Total

N$’000

Financial assets

Cash and cash equivalents

7.35%

187 890

–

–

–

187 890

Loans to associate

JIBAR

+2.0%

73 625

–

–

–

73 625

Trade and other receivables

0.00%

443 542

–

–

–

443 542

Derivative financial

instruments

0.00%

265

–

–

–

265

705 322

–

–

–

705 322

Financial liabilities

Interest-bearing borrowings

Ref.

Anex. A

242 138

181 262

10 771

–

434 171

Trade and other payables

0.00%

323 639

–

–

–

323 639

565 777

181 262

10 771

–

757 810

COMPANY

GROUP

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

30.4 Carrying value of financial instruments

on the statement of financial position

Financial assets

Derivative instruments at fair value through

profit or loss

265

9 333

– Forward foreign exchange contracts (note 12)

1 477

265

Loans and receivables

73 625

73 625

– Loans to associates (note 8)

73 625

73 625

443 542

260 266

– Trade and other receivables (note 10)

255 624

442 504

187 890

242 626

– Cash and cash equivalents (note 11)

247 557

192 603

705 057

576 517

576 806

708 732

Financial liabilities

Amortised cost

323 639

155 077

– Trade and other payables (note 17)

156 237

324 546

434 171

647 908

– Interest-bearing loans and borrowings (note 14)

646 696

432 790

757 810

802 985

802 933

757 336

Fair values of financial instruments that are the

same as the carrying amounts are detailed in

note 30.1.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

153:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

EFFECTIVE

INTEREST RATE

GROUP

COMPANY

2020

%

2019

%

Maturity

date

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

PREFERENCE SHARE CAPITAL

Authorised

1 000 000 Variable rate

redeemable preference shares

of N$0.50 each

500

500

500

500

LOANS FROM RELATED

PARTIES

Fixed rate instruments

– Northgate Properties

(Proprietary) Limited

0.00

0.00

–

–

1 212

1 381

Less: Current portion included

in short-term interest-bearing

borrowings

–

–

(1 212)

(1 381)

Long-term portion of loans from

related parties

–

–

–

–

MEDIUM-TERM LOAN

Variable rate instruments

– Standard Bank Namibia

Limited repayable in 16 equal

instalments of N$12 500 000

commencing in December

2016. This loan is unsecured.

JIBAR+

2.20%

JIBAR+

2.20%

31/12/2020

25 000

62 500

25 000

62 500

– FirstRand Bank Limited

– Capex Facility – repaid in

June 2020. Secured by a

cession of trade and other

receivables and a general

notarial bond.

JIBAR+

2.10%

JIBAR+

2.10%

30/06/2020

–

100 000

–

100 000

– FirstRand Bank Limited

– Acquisition Facility - repaid

in June 2020. Secured by a

cession of trade and other

receivables and a general

notarial bond.

JIBAR+

1.90%

JIBAR+

1.90%

30/06/2020

–

100 000

–

100 000

– FirstRand Bank Limited

– Revolving Facility – repaid

in June 2020. Secured by a

cession of trade and other

receivables and a general

notarial bond.

JIBAR+

2.05%

JIBAR+

2.05%

30/06/2020

–

100 000

–

100 000

– FNB Namibia – Revolving

Facility – no fixed repayment

terms. Secured by a cession

of trade and other receivables

and a general notarial bond.

PRIME-

1.65%

–

01/07/2020

100 000

–

100 000

–

ANNEXURE A

Interest-bearing borrowings

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

155:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

ANNEXURE A (CONTINUED)

Interest-bearing borrowings

GROUP

COMPANY

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

ANALYSIS OF REPAYMENTS INCLUDING INTEREST

Repayable within:

year 1

158 479

240 757

158 479

240 757

year 2

40 790

181 262

40 790

181 262

year 3

136 283

9 789

136 283

9 789

year 4

129 815

3 109

129 815

3 109

Repayable thereafter

227 118

982

227 118

982

692 485

435 899

692 485

435 899

ANALYSIS BY CURRENCY

South African Rand

500 870

221 434

500 870

221 434

Namibia Dollar

191 615

114 466

191 615

114 466

INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS

The sensitivity analyses have been determined based on the

exposure to interest rates for non-derivative instruments at the

balance sheet date. For variable rate liabilities, the analysis is

prepared assuming the amount of liability outstanding at the

balance sheet date was outstanding for the whole year. A

100 basis point increase or decrease represents management’s

assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

If interest rates had been 100 basis points higher or lower

and all other variables were held constant:

Interest received:

– profit before tax for the year would increase/(decrease) by:

3 579

5 630

3 579

5 576

Interest paid:

– profit before tax for the year would increase/(decrease) by:

(7 055)

(4 794)

(7 055)

(4 794)

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

157:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

ANNEXURE B (CONTINUED)

Property, plant and equipment

Vehicles

N$’000

Furniture and

equipment

N$’000

Returnable

containers

N$’000

Assets under

construction

N$’000

Total

N$’000

126 163

90 851

426 581

11 919

2 128 365

13 210

6 326

39 038

34 485

164 387

(1 591)

(2 504)

(11 970)

–

(47 080)

–

757

–

(9 142)

–

(57 030)

–

–

–

(57 030)

80 753

95 430

453 649

37 262

2 188 641

74 525

63 596

274 978

–

1 132 398

9 459

9 461

49 412

–

144 796

(1 463)

(2 064)

(11 416)

–

(45 085)

–

(6)

–

–

(6)

–

–

–

–

–

(28 786)

–

–

–

(28 786)

53 735

70 987

312 974

–

1 203 317

27 017

24 443

140 675

37 262

985 323

116 058

79 602

389 038

75 494

2 028 358

33 926

10 054

40 084

11 271

140 128

(15 781)

(544)

(2 540)

–

(40 121)

–

–

–

–

–

(8 040)

1 738

–

(74 847)

–

126 163

90 851

426 581

11 919

2 128 365

72 426

55 248

223 851

–

1 009 639

21 235

8 873

53 667

–

160 119

(13 462)

(525)

(2 540)

–

(37 361)

(5 674)

–

–

–

–

74 525

63 596

274 978

–

1 132 398

51 638

27 255

151 603

11 919

995 967

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

159:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

ANNEXURE B (CONTINUED)

Property, plant and equipment

Vehicles

N$’000

Furniture and

equipment

N$’000

Returnable

containers

N$’000

Assets under

construction

N$’000

Total

N$’000

126 173

90 392

426 581

11 899

2 089 845

13 210

6 326

39 038

34 485

164 387

(1 591)

(2 504)

(11 970)

–

(47 080)

–

757

–

(9 142)

–

(57 030)

–

–

–

(57 030)

80 763

94 971

453 649

37 242

2 150 121

74 536

63 375

274 978

–

1 129 429

9 459

9 410

49 412

–

144 416

(1 463)

(2 064)

(11 416)

–

(45 085)

–

–

–

–

–

(28 786)

–

–

–

(28 786)

53 747

70 720

312 974

–

1 199 974

27 016

24 251

140 675

37 242

950 148

116 068

79 143

389 038

75 475

1 989 839

33 926

10 054

40 084

11 271

140 128

(15 781)

(544)

(2 540)

–

(40 121)

–

–

–

–

–

(8 040)

1 738

–

(74 847)

–

–

–

–

–

–

126 173

90 392

426 581

11 899

2 089 845

72 437

55 078

223 851

–

1 007 053

21 235

8 822

53 667

–

159 737

(13 462)

(525)

(2 540)

–

(37 361)

(5 674)

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

74 536

63 375

274 978

–

1 129 429

51 637

27 017

151 603

11 899

960 416

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

161:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

Automation

processes

2019

N$’000

Externally

purchased

software

licences

2019

N$’000

Trademarks

2019

N$’000

Total

2019

N$’000

33 910

19 751

11 000

64 661

–

–

–

–

808

–

–

808

34 718

19 751

11 000

65 469

11 271

15 114

733

27 118

–

–

–

–

2 884

2 017

400

5 300

14 155

17 131

1 133

32 418

20 563

2 621

9 867

33 051

33 910

19 751

11 000

64 661

–

–

–

–

808

–

–

808

–

–

–

–

34 718

19 751

11 000

65 469

11 271

15 114

733

27 118

–

–

–

–

2 884

2 017

400

5 300

14 155

17 131

1 133

32 418

20 563

2 621

9 867

33 051

ANNEXURE B (CONTINUED)

Intangible assets

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

163:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

ANNEXURE B (CONTINUED)

Right-of-use assets

Motor

vehicle

leases

2019

N$’000

Property

leases

2019

N$’000

Total

2019

N$’000

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

165:

letter of support is in place whereby Namibia Breweries Limited agrees to provide additional financial support to Namibia Breweries

South Africa Proprietary Limited to meet its debts as and when they fall due until such time as specified in the: letter.

166

NAMIBIA BREWERIES LIMITED

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

ANNEXURE C (CONTINUED)

Interest in subsidiaries

EFFECTIVE HOLDING

INTEREST OF HOLDING

COMPANY SHARES

INDEBTEDNESS

2020

%

2019

%

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

100

100

–

–

102 422

103 793

100

100

–

–

1 006

301

100

100

828

828

(1 212)

(1 381)

100

100

–

–

–

–

100

100

34 692

34 692

–

–

–

–

(102 422)

(103 793)

35 520

35 520

(206)

(1 080)

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

167:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS

NAMIBIA BREWERIES LIMITED

Registration number 2/1920

This document is important and requires your immediate attention. Please ensure that you review the notes

and footnotes in this notice, which contain important information regarding participation in the Annual

General Meeting (AGM).

This document consists of:

1. Notice to shareholders

2. Shareholders’ diary

3. Notes to the notice of the AGM

4. Proxy form

The holders of NBL shares (the shareholders) and any persons who are not shareholders, but who are

entitled to exercise any voting rights in relation to the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM, (collectively

“the holders” or “you”) as at the record date of Wednesday, 2 December 2020, are entitled to participate in

and vote at the AGM in person or by proxy/ies. A proxy need not be a person entitled to vote at the

meeting. In order to be effective, proxy forms need to be forwarded to reach the registered office of the

Company not less than 48 hours prior to the time for the holding of the meeting.

Notice is hereby given that the 99th AGM of shareholders of Namibia Breweries Limited (the Company) will

be held in the Company’s auditorium at the Namibia Breweries premises, Iscor Street, Northern Industrial

Area, Windhoek on Wednesday, 2 December 2020 at 11:00.

The purpose of the AGM is for the following business to be transacted and considered and, if approved, to

pass with or without modification, the following ordinary resolutions, in the manner required by the Company’s

Memorandum of Association (MoA) and AoA, the Namibia Companies Act and the NSX Listing Requirements:

1. To receive and consider and, if approved, adopt the annual financial statements and the independent

auditors’ report for the financial year ended 30 June 2020 as submitted, and to confirm all matters

undertaken and discharged by the Directors on behalf of the Company.

2. To vote on the re-election, each by way of a separate vote, of the following Directors who are required to

retire in terms of Clause 661 of the MoA, and who are eligible and have offered themselves for re-election:

2.1 P Grüttemeyer

2.2 H-B Gerdes

2.3 G Hanke

3. To confirm the appointment of Deloitte & Touche to act as the independent auditors of the Company.

4. To authorise the Directors to determine the auditors’ remuneration.

5. To approve the Directors’ remuneration as set out in the financial report and as stipulated in Clause 54(a) of

the MoA and AoA2.

www.nambrew.com

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

169:

Managing Director’s

report

Material matters

and the SDGs

Governance

report

Annual financial

statements

SHAREHOLDERS’ DIARY

AGM: Wednesday, 2 December 2020 at 11:00

Reports published

Interim financial report

13 March 2020

Annual financial statements

18 September 2020

Dividends

Declared

Paid

Interim

3 March 2020

8 May 2020

Final

9 September 2020

13 November 2020

NOTES TO THE NOTICE OF AGM

1. This document is addressed to all shareholders and proxy holders.

2. If you are a beneficial holder of NBL securities you may attend and vote at the AGM, provided that your name

is on the Company’s register of disclosures as the holder of the beneficial interest, or you hold a proxy.

3. If you are in any doubt as to what action you should take arising from this document, please consult your

broker, banker, attorney, accountant or other appropriate professional adviser immediately.

4. An electronic copy of the location of the venue of the meeting may be obtained from NBL’s website at

www.namibiabreweries.com.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2020

171:

Managing Director

on 1 July 2019.

W von Lieres

Appointed to the Board as Finance Director

on 1 July 2019.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

S Thieme

Appointed to the Board on 14 March 2002.

Elected Chairperson of the Board on 11 July 2002.

H-B Gerdes

Appointed to the Board on 28 July 2000.

P Grüttemeyer

Appointed to the Board on 3 June 2004.

L McLeod-Katjirua

Appointed to the Board on 2 April 2012.

R Pirmez1

Appointed to the Board on 8 September 2015.

SLM Siemer2

Appointed to the Board on 1 July 2017.

H van der Westhuizen

Appointed to the Board on 1 July 2019.

P Sabrie3

Alternate Director to R Pirmez. Appointed to

the Board on 3 March 2020.

G Hanke

Alternate Director to S Thieme. Appointed to

the Board on 1 October 2015.

Nationalities

1

Belgian

2

Dutch

3

French

COMMITTEES

Board Remuneration and Nomination Committee

R Pirmez (Chairperson)

P Grüttemeyer

B Mukuahima

Board Audit Committee

H-B Gerdes (Chairperson)

P Grüttemeyer

M Hoedemaker

Management Risk Committee

M Wenk (Chairperson)

W von Lieres

Senior Leadership Team

O&L: Group Enterprise Risk Manager

ADMINISTRATION

Company registration number

2/1920 (Incorporated in Namibia)

1979/001528/10 (Externally registered in South Africa)

Secretaries

Ohlthaver & List Centre (Proprietary) Limited

Alexander Forbes House, 23 – 33 Fidel Castro Street

PO Box 16, Windhoek, Namibia

Auditors

Deloitte & Touche (Namibia)

PO Box 47, Windhoek, Namibia

Sponsor

PSG Wealth Management

PO Box 196, Windhoek, Namibia

Transfer secretaries

Transfer Secretaries (Proprietary) Limited

PO Box 2401, Windhoek, Namibia

Principal bankers

First National Bank of Namibia Limited

PO Box 285, Windhoek

Attorneys

Engling, Stritter & Partners

PO Box 43, Windhoek, Namibia

GREYMATTERFINCH #14432:

