managing director’s report

22 Operational review

02

Governance

26 Corporate governance report

37 Remuneration report

41 Remuneration policy

42 Corporate social responsibility report

03

Financial

statements

44 Group annual financial statements

and annual financial statements

04

Shareholder

information

150 Notice of annual general meeting

159 Electronic participation

161 Form of proxy

163 Notes to the form of proxy

166 Definitions, ratios and terms

ibc Contact information

05

Overview

2 About this report

3 About Nictus

6 Four-year review of the group

8 High-level risks of the group

01

DIVIDEND DECLARED

decreased by

20,00% to

3,00 cents per share

(2019: 3,75 cents per share)

GROUP REVENUE

increased by

5,04% to

R53,3 million

(2019: R50,8 million)

GROUP TOTAL ASSETS

increased by

13,07% to

R749,5 million

(2019: R662,9 million)

INVESTMENT INCOME

FROM OPERATIONS

decreased by

2,93% to

R42,9 million

(2019: R44,2 million)

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

decreased by

34,51% to

R3,6 million

(2019: R5,6 million):

managing director of Nictus Holdings Limited and has

served the Nictus group for the past 16 years.

6

Gerard Swart (65)

Independent non-executive director

Committees: Remuneration and nomination

(chairman), audit and risk

Gerard Swart is a qualified chartered accountant

(South Africa and Namibia) and boasts 34 years’

experience in the accounting profession, of which

24 years were as audit partner, during which he

fulfilled the role of managing partner for 15 years.

7

Ronnie de Vrye (66)

Independent non-executive director

Committees: Remuneration and nomination, audit and

risk (chairman)

Cornelius J de Vrye (Ronnie) is a qualified chartered

accountant (South Africa) and has 40 years’

experience in corporate banking, 16 of which were at

executive level and nine at non-executive board level.

He has also gained experience in the insurance and

investment industry at non-executive independent

board level during the past 10 years.

8

Ion Gerber (33)

Executive management: Insurance segment

(prescribed officer)

Committee: Social and ethics

Stephanus J Gerber (Ion) is a qualified chartered

accountant (South Africa) and a member of

executive management. He completed his articles

in 2013, whereafter he joined the Nictus group

and was appointed manager of the insurance

segment in 2016 and as chief executive officer,

effective 1 April 2020.

9

Willem Boshoff (34)

Company secretary

Willem H Boshoff is a qualified chartered

accountant (Namibia) and completed his

articles in 2012. He fulfils the role of nominee

group secretary of Veritas Eksekuteurskamer

Proprietary Limited.

2

Gerard Tromp (39)

Executive group: managing director and executive

management

Committees: Social and ethics, investment

Gerard R de V Tromp has a BCom marketing

degree, is a chartered accountant (South Africa

and Namibia) and completed his articles in 2008.

After completion of his articles, he joined the group in

2009 as the group company secretary, which role he

fulfilled until 2012. During 2012, he was appointed as

the managing director of the furniture segment. During

2014, he was appointed as deputy managing director

of the group. On 18 April 2016, he was appointed as

managing director of the group.

3

Eckhart Prozesky (34)

Executive group financial director and executive

management

Committee: Investment

Eckhart H Prozesky is a chartered accountant

(South Africa) and completed his articles in 2011.

After completion of his articles, he joined the group

in 2012 as the financial manager of the furniture

segment. During 2015, he was appointed as the

financial director of the group.

4

Nico Tromp (71)

Non-executive director

Nicolaas C Tromp (Nico) has a BCom degree. After

completing his accounting articles in 1973, he joined

the Nictus group and became the managing director of

the group in 1979. He served as chairman of the Nictus

group from 1998 until 2003. He is also a director/

chairman of various other companies and has acted

as a trustee of numerous trusts for the past 31 years.

He stepped down as managing director of the group

on 18 April 2016.

Board of directors, executive management

and company secretary continued

managing director, financial director

and staff for their enthusiasm and dedication with

which they implement the company’s strategy

and values to improve profitability on an ethical

basis.

Professor Barend J Willemse

Chairman

4 September 2020

Chairman’s

REPORT

NICTUS LIMITED

Integrated annual report 2020

18:

managing director

GROUP

managing

director’s

REPORT

NICTUS LIMITED

Integrated annual report 2020

20

Outlook

Due to the long-term nature of the COVID-19

pandemic, determining an outlook is not an easy

task. South Africa is experiencing the lowest

inflation rate as well as the lowest interest rate

in years with forecasts of the interest rate further

decreasing. Investor confidence in South Africa

remains a challenge. The ability of the South

African people to cope with the emotional and

physical aspects of the pandemic, short and longer

term, will be a significant challenge.

We believe that God will nurture and protect us,

and we will also do everything physically and

intellectually possible to build on what we have

achieved in the past as I believe this will create

new disciplines whereafter bigger heights can be

achieved. We will focus day-to-day, week-to-week,

month-to-month, to ensure we remain not only

relevant, but also innovative and loyal.

Nictus remains committed to all of our esteemed

stakeholders and will continue to build on our

strategy to create wealth for them all. We are

looking forward to an exciting period and are

confident that the future will unfold great value

for us all.

Appreciation

My appreciation goes out to all of our committed

employees with the support of their families,

whose valuable inputs cannot go unseen.

Further appreciation is extended to our clients,

customers, landlords, suppliers and associates

and the relationships we have with each to ensure

sustainability for all involved. Thank you to all

board members, the chairmen of our committees

and the chairman of the board for their vision,

leadership and support, and lastly, thank you to

my family.

Our success and stability can only be attributed

to our loving God and we remain humble and

thankful in his presence.

Gerard R de V Tromp

Executive group: managing director

4 September 2020

NICTUS LIMITED

Integrated annual report 2020

21

One would never have thought that an event

such as the COVID-19 pandemic would impact

South Africa and the world with such devastating

effects. The effects on the economy and markets

are still to be determined and we need to adjust

to the exponential changing environment to keep

up with the rapid rate of change. Rate of change

versus human adaptability is one of the biggest

challenges at the moment and our learning curve

is constant.

Nictus is preparing for this ever-changing situation

by developing strategies to maintain and promote

a sustainable business. The immediate effect of

the pandemic hit Nictus during the latter part

of March 2020, which was also just before our

financial year end. The sharp drop in local and

global markets had a significant impact on the

current value of investments and impairments

were experienced which were not recovered by

31 March 2020.

We are thankful that with the grace of God, we

could endure the initial effects of the pandemic.

Although short-term losses were incurred,

we were able to maintain our capital solvency

requirements as at 31 March 2020. This impact

was absorbed due to the positive results the group

experienced during the 11 months preceding the

COVID-19 pandemic.

I am satisfied with the progress made during the

past two years where strategies and synergies

are falling into place and where the focus on

each subsidiary in the group is beginning to pay

off. Relationships with our clients, customers,

suppliers, employees and all other stakeholders

are at a highly satisfactory level and this

contributes to our success, as it remains a team

effort to contribute to a successful outcome.

Corporate governance

Nictus remains committed to the highest

standards of corporate governance and

transparency. As we operate in a highly regulated

environment, we value that conforming to these

rules and regulations contributes to a better South

Africa where we should stand together against

inappropriate and corrupt practices. We remain

committed to working together with all governing

and regulating bodies in achieving sound

relationships and strong corporate governance.

Segmental performance

Insurance segment

We experienced great growth in new insurance premiums during the past financial year. No excessive

claims were experienced throughout the year and we are delighted that our tailor-made client-specific

solutions are adding value for our policyholders. Although the investment strategy was realigned during the

year, good returns were achieved for the 11 months preceding COVID-19 which assisted in absorbing the

impact thereof. We are confident that our investments are well positioned where maximum returns can be

achieved in relation to our risk appetite. Client service remains our top priority and we strive to go the extra

mile for our clients in achieving mutually beneficial outcomes.

Furniture segment

Longer-term strategies in furniture retail are being realised and we are confident that this segment is

now on a solid foundation to continue offering exceptional value for money products. Apart from our product

offering, our customer base is of a very high standard. We managed to limit bad debts and provisions for bad

debts to percentages way below industry norms. We are thankful for our customers’ commitment towards

Nictus and their efforts in managing their accounts. We value our stakeholder relationships and I would like

to thank all of our suppliers for their contribution in achieving a profitable result for the segment.

As part of the execution of our long-term strategy, the Nictus Meubels Randburg store was closed on

31 March 2020. The upside of this was the exciting announcement of Nictus Emporium, a specialist brand

furniture showroom that opened in Louis Trichardt. Although planned for 1 April 2020, the opening of Nictus

Emporium was delayed to 1 June 2020 due to the national COVID-19 lockdown. We are excited to bring even

more exclusive offerings to our customers with the backing of world-renowned brands.

A further change that occurred during the financial year under review, was the sale of Erf 2134 by Kruben

Holdings Proprietary Limited to Corporate Guarantee. This was done for various strategic reasons and we

project that profitable returns will be achieved in the investment portfolio of the insurance segment as

opposed to the furniture segment.

managing director and

supported by the board.

These factors, including viability assessments, capital, solvency, liquidity

and going concern status, are examined in detail, and monitored throughout

the year to determine their individual and combined effects on the business

and drive a strategy that should create exceptional value for shareholders

and other stakeholders alike.:

managing director.

The board is satisfied that the delegation of authority framework contributes

to role clarity and the effective exercise of authority and responsibility.

The board has appointed Veritas, a competent, suitably qualified and an

experienced company secretary and approves of Veritas’ service contract

and remuneration. The ability of Veritas, its board and employees, to

perform its company secretarial duties and its performance are assessed

annually by the board taking into account a set of pre-agreed deliverables.

Veritas boasts decades of experience and the board has considered and

is satisfied with the competence, qualification and experience of the

company secretary. The company secretary has unfettered access to the

board, however, care is taken to monitor the arm’s-length relationship with

the board and written agreements are in place to govern the relationship

between the parties.

The company secretary reports to the board, through the chairman, all

statutory duties and functions performed in relation to the board. Other

duties and administrative matters are reported to executive management.

Corporate governance report continued:

managing director and the

group financial director.

Corporate governance report continued

The composition of the board, its committees and attendance of meetings is summarised in the following

table:

Name

Status

Board

Audit

and risk

committee

Remune-

ration and

nomination

committee*

Social

and

ethics

committee

Investment

committee

Professor Barend J

Willemse

Independent

non-executive

chairman

4/4

√ 3/3

√ 1/1

√ C 2/2

Gerard Swart

Independent

non-executive

4/4

√ 3/3

√ C 1/1

Nicolaas C Tromp

Non-executive

4/4

Eckhart H Prozesky

Executive

(Financial)

3/4

√ 2/2

Gerard R de V Tromp

Executive

(Managing)

4/4

√ 2/2

√ 2/2

Philippus J de W Tromp

Non-executive

4/4

√ C 2/2

Cornelius J de Vrye

Independent

non-executive

4/4

√ C 3/3

√ 1/1

Stephanus J Gerber

Managing

executive:

Corporate

Guarantee

√ 2/2

√ Indicates board committee membership and “C” indicates board committee chairman. The figures in each column

indicate the number of meetings attended out of the maximum possible number of meetings for the respective director.

* Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated lockdown restrictions announced, effective 27 March 2020, the

second scheduled remuneration and nomination committee meeting for the financial ended 31 March 2020, was

postponed from 25 March 2020 to 18 May 2020.

Governance framework

Board committees

The board has established committees to assist

it to fulfil its duties. The committees are all

constituted by charters, which are approved

by the board and reviewed annually. The board

committees are as follows:

Audit and risk committee

The audit and risk committee consists of three

independent non-executive directors and

discharges its duties as set out, inter alia,

in the audit and risk committee charter,

the JSE Listings Requirements and the Companies

Act of South Africa. The audit and risk committee

assumes the risk management function of

the group.

An extensive risk-identifying procedure is followed,

with input from all operational subsidiaries, to

identify and evaluate business threatening risks.

The committee meets at least biannually.

The internal and external auditors attend the

meetings by invitation and have unrestricted

access to the chairman and members of the audit

and risk committee.:

managing director

Authorised director

Chairman

In our opinion as company secretary, we hereby confirm, in terms of the Companies Act of South Africa

that, for the year ended 31 March 2020, the company has lodged with the Commissioner of Companies

and Intellectual Property, all such returns and notices as are required of a public company in terms of the

Companies Act of South Africa and that all such returns and notices are true, correct and up to date.

Willem H Boshoff

Veritas Eksekuteurskamer Proprietary Limited

Company secretary

4 September 2020

Certificate of the company secretary:

managing director, the group financial

director and representatives of the external

and internal auditors are invited to attend the

committee meetings.

The committee met twice during the year and

engaged, among other work, in the important task

of appointing PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. as the

new auditor to the Nictus group of companies.

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. was appointed as

the group and company external auditor, with

Mr Jorge M Goncalves acting as the designated

audit partner, replacing KPMG Inc., for the current

financial year ending 31 March 2020, as a result

of an audit firm rotation process initiated by

the respective companies. The committee also

considered the internal audit function and agreed

to outsource the function to an independent

service provider who is also rendering the service

to Nictus in Namibia. In terms of the committee’s

charter, it reviewed the charter and measured its

effectiveness during the year under review.

The committee’s key objectives and responsibilities

are to:

• Determine whether management has created

and maintains an effective control environment

and that they demonstrate and stimulate the

necessary respect for the internal control

structure among all parties;

• Ensure that the company has established

appropriate financial reporting procedures and

that these procedures are operating effectively;

• Assess the external auditor’s and designated

external audit partner’s suitability for

appointment in accordance with the JSE

Listings Requirements and the information

detailed in paragraph 22.15(h) therein;

• Review the scope and outcome of external

and internal audits. The review is to include

an assessment of the efficiency of the audit

function, ensuring that emphasis is placed

in areas where the committee, management

and the auditor believe special attention

is necessary;

• Ensure that the appointment of the auditor is

presented and included as a resolution at the

annual general meeting of Nictus, pursuant to

section 61(8) of the Companies Act of South

Africa;

• Ensure that the board of directors makes

informed decisions and is aware of the

implications of such decisions regarding

accounting policies, practices and disclosures;

• Provide a safeguard of directors’ responsibilities

by informing the board of directors on issues of

importance to the business and the status of the

financial reporting;

• Review and recommend to the board for

approval the group's annual and interim

reports;

• Assist the board of directors in its evaluation

of the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk

management system;

• Assist the board of directors in the identification

of the build-up and concentration of the various

risks to which the insurer is exposed;:

Managing director)

18 November 2014

22 August 2018

Eckhart H Prozesky (Financial director)

1 March 2015

22 August 2018

Non-executive

Philippus J de W Tromp

1 April 2012

17 August 2017

Nicolaas C Tromp

27 April 1979

21 August 2019

Independent non-executive and members of the

audit and risk committee

Professor Barend J Willemse (Chairman)

15 June 2010

22 August 2018

Gerard Swart

15 October 2013

21 August 2019

Cornelius J de Vrye

1 November 2018

21 August 2019

Directors’ report

to the shareholders of Nictus Limited:

Managing director and key management of group)

Eckhart H Prozesky (Financial director and key management of group)

Philippus J de W Tromp (Non-executive director)

Nicolaas C Tromp (Non-executive director)

Stephanus J Gerber (Manager: Insurance segment)

Independent non-

executive directors

Professor Barend J Willemse

Gerard Swart

Cornelius J de Vrye

A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to a reporting entity if that person;

has control or joint control of the reporting entity, has significant influence over the reporting entity

or is a member of the key management personnel of the reporting entity or of a parent of the

reporting entity.

Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning,

directing and controlling the activities of the entity, directly or indirectly, including any director

(whether executive or otherwise) of that entity. Key management personnel have been identified as

the executive directors, non-executive directors and the managing executives of segments within

the group.

Close members of the family related to key management would also be defined as related parties.

Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to

influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the group and include; that person’s

children and spouse or domestic partner, the children of that person’s spouse or domestic partner

and dependants of that person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.

Commonly, an entity would be related to the reporting entity if a member of key management is also

a member of the key management personnel of that entity (other related parties), or the entity and

the reporting entity are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and

fellow subsidiary is related to the others).:

letter of representation, in terms of their

custody agreements, should they wish to

participate in the annual general meeting

electronically.

9.7

Unless you advise your CSDP, broker

or nominee, in terms of the agreement

between you and your CSDP, broker or

nominee by the cut-off time stipulated

therein, that you wish to participate in

the annual general meeting electronically

or send a proxy to represent you at this

annual general meeting, your CSDP, broker

or nominee will assume that you do not

wish to attend the annual general meeting

or send a proxy.

9.8

Forms of proxy (which form may be

found enclosed) must be dated and

signed by the shareholder appointing a

proxy and must be emailed to TMS at

E proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za. Forms of

proxy must be received not later than

12:00 on Monday, 12 October 2020.

Before a proxy exercises any rights of a

shareholder at the annual general meeting,

such form of proxy must be so delivered.:

letter of representation in terms of the

custody agreement entered into with

your CSDP, broker or nominee. Letters of

representation must be lodged with TMS

not less than 48 hours before the time

appointed for the holding of the meeting.

Shareholders who hold certificated shares

with their own name and shareholders

who have dematerialised their shares with

“own name” registrations must lodge their

completed proxy forms with TMS via email

at E proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za not less

Notes to the form of proxy:

