Message from the Chairman

10

CEO’s report

12

Business model

16

Six capitals

20

Engagement with our stakeholders

22

Operating environment

24

Material matters

26

Our strategy

30

Financial and operational review

34

Financial review

36

Operational review

48

Governance report

54

Board of directors

56

Corporate governance report

58

Remuneration report

64

Social and ethics committee report

86

Annual financial statements

90

Statement of responsibility by the

board of directors

92

Certificate by the company secretary

92

Report of the audit and risk committee

93

Directors’ report to the shareholders

98

Independent auditor’s report

100

Financial statements

110

Shareholder and other information

200

Shareholder information

202

Notice of Annual General Meeting

204

Appendices

218

Corporate information

221

NAVIGATIONAL TOOLS

The following icons have been applied

throughout the report to direct the reader to

additional information or cross-referenced

sections.

Online reference for further information.

Page reference for supplementary information

that can be found elsewhere in this report.:

Dear Shareholders,

South Africa is going through a turbulent socio-economic period. It is against this

backdrop that 2020 has been yet another challenging year for the Group with the year

presenting a highly challenging trading environment and an equally competitive market.

Ever-changing consumer markets and market declines hindered growth in core areas

which accelerated our focus on further reducing working capital. In this context our

Board is satisfied that Novus Holdings has a solid strategy that is being well executed.

We undertake a robust review of our strategic assumptions every year, and we are

comfortable that we have identified the appropriate focus areas.: Message from the

letter of representation for you or

that other person to participate in the Annual General Meeting. You should ensure that the

Participation Request is sent and that a copy of the: letter of representation is attached to the

Participation Request.

3.2.2. The Company does not accept responsibility, and will not be held liable, under any

applicable law or otherwise, for any action of, or omission by, the CSDP or Broker of any

beneficial owner of shares in the Company including, without limitation, any failure on the

part of the CSDP or Broker to notify such beneficial owner of this Notification which is

attached to, and forming part of the Notice of Annual General Meeting or of the Annual

General Meeting or of any of the matters contained in the Notice of Annual General

Meeting.

4.

PARTICIPATION AND VOTING AND REPRESENTATION IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL

MEETING - OWN-NAME DEMATERIALISED SHAREHOLDERS AND CERTIFICATED

SHAREHOLDERS

If you are an own-name dematerialised shareholder or you are a certificated shareholder, then the

following is relevant to you in connection with the Annual General Meeting (but also be aware of the

provisions of paragraph 2 above):

4.1. You may yourself listen in to and speak during the Annual General Meeting, and you may yourself

vote (or abstain from voting) in the Annual General Meeting, in the manner prescribed by the

Chairperson of the Annual General Meeting and/or the Participation Host on behalf of the

Chairperson.

