Managing Director

and the: Managing Director of Pick n Pay Group Enterprises. He

was appointed to the Board in 1990 as an executive director, until

becoming a non-executive director in 1999. From 2002 to 2010

Gareth was

managing director of

Pick n Pay from 1986, before joining Investec Bank in 1993.

Hugh was appointed group chairman of Investec Bank Limited

in 1994, a position from which he retired in 2011. Hugh was

appointed honorary life president of the Investec Group and

remains chairman of Ninety One Africa (previously Investec

Asset Management).

LC

SM

RM

G

R

S

F

Hugh Herman (79)

BJuris LLB

• Appointed 2010 – 2013,

re-appointed 2016

• Years of service since

re-appointment: 4

• Alex will be stepping off the

Board on 4 August 2020

Admitted as an attorney in 1997, Alex has extensive experience

in governance, legal and regulatory risk management. She is

currently the regulatory and conduct risk management executive

at FirstRand, taking responsibility inter alia for regulatory

compliance with financial sector laws and requirements, market

conduct, business conduct, ethics and promoting an appropriate

risk culture.

Owing the pressures of her executive career, Alex is resigning with

effect from 4 August 2020.

C

IT

S

H

LC

RM

G

SM

R

Alex Mathole (47)

BA (Hons)

• Appointed 2013

• Years of service

on the Board: 7

• Other listed

company directorships:

Life Healthcare Group

Audrey is the CEO of SystemicLogic Group, a global financial

innovation and technology disruptor. Audrey’s experience spans

various business domains including group strategy, talent design,

marketing and communications strategy, integrated with strong

corporate relationship management. Prior to SystemicLogic Group,

Audrey served as the head of inclusive banking at Standard Bank

Group and before that the chief executive of Strategic Services

at the Liberty Group of companies. Audrey has completed the

executive programme, Artificial Intelligence: Implications for

Business Strategy at MIT Sloan School for Management. Audrey

serves on the board of Brainworks Capital, Roedean School South

Africa and Orange Babies South Africa.

C

H

LC

CC

IT

RM

G

S

SM

R

Audrey Mothupi (50)

Executive directors (continued)

Chief Finance Officer (CFO)

CA(SA)

• Appointed September 2019

• Years of service to the Group: 9

Lerena joined the Group nine years ago, taking responsibility for

financial reporting and the finance team in the Pick n Pay Group

finance division. During her 18 years of experience in JSE-listed

companies in the retail sector, Lerena has gained expertise

in finance, risk management, strategy, accounting and tax.

She was appointed to the position of CFO and to the Board in

September 2019.

C

LC

G

H

RM

R

S

F

IT

Lerena Olivier (44)

Integrated Annual Report 2020

Members of:

Audit, risk and compliance committee

Corporate governance committee

Remuneration committee

Social and ethics committee

Nominations committee

Executive committee

Corporate finance committee

Employee Share Incentive Trust

Indicates: director's

sector experience.

Refer to pages 86

and 93 for further

information.

chairman's report

These are exceptional times. COVID-19, and the measures

taken to mitigate it, have had major consequences for

South Africa’s fragile economy. The Pick n Pay Group, as a

provider of essential goods and services, has played a valuable

role in maintaining the supply of food and other essential goods

and services throughout the national state of disaster. We are

proud of the role our team has played in feeding the nation, and

are particularly grateful to our front-line Pick n Pay and Boxer

staff for their commitment to our customers.

Group CFO, Lerena Olivier, has explained in her report that

the full financial impact of COVID-19 on the Group cannot yet

be reasonably known. However, there is little doubt that the

pandemic, the trading and movement restrictions introduced

to limit its spread, and the additional hygiene and safety

measures put in place to protect staff and customers, will

have a significant impact on the Group’s financial performance

in FY21.

In these extraordinary circumstances, the Board’s mandate

to the remuneration committee is clear. The committee must

ensure that its remuneration policies and decisions at all times

support the achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives in

a fair and responsible way.

Our remuneration policies seek to incentivise and reward

performance that delivers on the Group’s long-term objectives,

measured against clear and relevant financial and operational

targets. Decisions on pay and reward for the Board and for

senior management must be appropriate in order to attract,

motivate and retain a strong and effective team, and to align

their interests with those of shareholders.

In exceptional times, it is important that remuneration policy

takes into account the impact of unforeseen events on the

ability of management to achieve existing performance targets,

and does not penalise them for circumstances entirely outside

of their control. The remuneration committee must exercise

careful judgement to ensure that its policies remain relevant

in all conditions.

The year in review

Economic conditions deteriorated significantly over the course

of FY20, both in South Africa and the other southern African

regions in which the Group trades. The difficult domestic trading

environment reflected very low levels of economic growth,

rising household costs and high levels of unemployment.

Operations in the rest of Africa, particularly Zambia and

Zimbabwe, were impacted by economic and political instability,

currency weakness, drought and erratic power supply.

Against this background, the Group delivered a sound FY20

financial result, with a resilient performance from the South

African division. However, the overall result fell short of

what the remuneration committee, and indeed the senior

executive team, felt the Group was capable of this year.

The remuneration committee recognises that challenges in

Zambia and Zimbabwe, including severe and rapid currency

devaluation over the year, reduced Group earnings by

8.7 percentage points year-on-year. Earnings were reduced

by a further 7.1 percentage points as a result of an increase in

the Group’s effective tax rate from 24.3% to 31.2%. This was

driven by hyperinflation in Zimbabwe and reduced share scheme

obligations as a result of the Group’s lower share price over

the year. Please refer to the CFO report on page 61 for further

information.

The FY20 result was protected by continued strength and

consistency within the core South African business, which lifted

its comparable profit before tax by 15.2% this year. As a result,

the Group was able to deliver comparable headline earnings of

278.81 cents per share, down 0.6% on last year.

Executive incentives

Short-term incentive – FY20 annual bonus

The Group delivered growth in profit before tax and exceptional

items (PBTAE), the Group’s primary short-term performance

target, of 6.5% in FY20. This was short of the remuneration

committee’s threshold target of 8.0%. As such, the Group did not

meet the required performance measures set by the remuneration

committee for the payment of a short-term annual bonus, and

accordingly the remuneration committee has not awarded a

short-term bonus to its senior executive team this year.

This decision was not taken lightly. The Group once again delivered

consistent and sustained progress against its long-term plan

under the leadership of its senior team, notwithstanding the

increasingly challenging trading environment. However, the FY20

result fell short of the primary earnings target, and also missed the

mark on a number of secondary targets, including sales growth,

expense ratios, finance costs and inventory management.

Short-term bonuses have been paid to our Boxer team, for an

outstanding market-leading sales and earnings performance and

to lower levels of Pick n Pay management in recognition of the

attainment of individual performance targets.

Long-term incentive – forfeitable shares due in 2020

(FSP 4)

The Group delivered compound annual growth of 4.0% in

headline earnings per share (HEPS) over the past three

years, short of the 10% threshold target required for the

vesting of FSP 4 (awarded in 2017). The below-target HEPS

performance is largely as a result of challenges outside

South

Africa

in

FY20.

Accordingly,

the

remuneration

committee has elected to forfeit approximately 70% of the

FSP 4 shares awarded to executives.

In line with the discretion provided within the scheme rules, the

remuneration committee will allow approximately 30% of the

allocation to vest in June 2020 (subject to service conditions

being met). This is in recognition of the strong performance of the

Group’s South African division over the past three years (10%

compound annual earnings growth), and acknowledgement that

the Group HEPS target miss was largely due to factors outside of

the control of the senior executive team in FY20. This includes

hyperinflation in Zimbabwe, currency devaluation Zambia and a

material increase in the Group’s tax rate.

Long-term incentive – forfeitable shares due in

2021 and 2022 (FSP 5 and FSP 6)

The COVID-19 pandemic will have a meaningful impact on FY21

Group earnings. During the nationwide lockdown, the Group was

unable to trade in many key categories, including liquor, tobacco

and most clothing and general merchandise lines. These non-

essential categories make up around 20% of revenue, and have

higher margins than basic food and grocery lines. Earnings will

also reflect additional hygiene and personal protection costs, and

consumer confidence and consumer spending markedly changed

by a more acute economic recession.

The Group’s long-term strategic objectives are being

re-evaluated and re-set by the Board, to reflect the substantively

changed economic and trading conditions under COVID-19.

Please refer to Richard Brasher's report for further information

on the Group's plan to accelerate the delivery of its long-term

plan, including a cost and efficiency "Project Future" programme

to remove R1 billion of operating costs over the next two years.

The remuneration committee is mindful that the historic

performance targets set for the Group’s outstanding FSP 5

and FSP 6 awards, due to vest in June 2021 and June 2022

respectively, are likely no longer attainable within the context

of the COVID-19 landscape, and may no longer be relevant in

terms of the Group’s revised long-term plan. Please refer to

page 106 for further information. The remuneration committee

is cognisant that performance targets which are no longer

relevant due to circumstances outside the control of the

management team are discouraging to senior executives and

create long-term retention risk.

The remuneration committee will utilise the discretion provided in

terms of Section 8 of the FSP scheme rules to revise the HEPS

performance targets of FSP 5 and FSP 6 to reflect the changed

circumstances of the COVID-19 pandemic and its likely longer-

term impact. The objective is unchanged – revised targets will be

stretching but attainable, aligned to the Group’s long-term plan, and

must drive a performance that delivers long-term value creation

for shareholders. The remuneration committee will report to

shareholders on the action taken in due course.

The remuneration committee is satisfied with the

difficult decisions it has taken this year. These include

decisions to withhold an annual bonus for its executive team,

and to forfeit approximately 70% of the forfeitable shares

due to vest later this year. These decisions have provided

balanced and fair remuneration for our team in the context of

missed financial performance targets in a difficult economy,

and are appropriately aligned with the expectations and

interests of our shareholders.:

chairman's report on page 95 for further information.

Long-term incentives – CEO

FSP Award

The remuneration committee has awarded 1.2 million FSP shares to CEO Richard Brasher. The share award recognises that Richard

did not participate in FSP 6 as a result of his planned retirement, and seeks to ensure that Richard is now adequately rewarded over

his extended term, and fairly incentivised to lead the Pick n Pay Group through the COVID-19 crisis and deliver on the Board's revised

earnings' targets. The shares will have a two-year vesting term, to 31 March 2022, with hurdles aligned with the revised targets for FSP 6

(as detailed above).

Restraint of trade

In recognition of Richard Brasher’s key role in formulating and delivering Group strategy through the COVID-19 crisis and beyond, the

remuneration committee has now included a restraint of trade provision in his CEO employment contract. The remuneration committee

will have the discretion to pay Richard Brasher up to four times his annual salary on his retirement from the Group, to secure appropriate

employment restrictions. This is in line with our remuneration policy in respect of executive service contracts, as detailed on page 104.

Long-term incentives – share options issued in recognition of promotion and performance

During FY20, 3.2 million Pick n Pay Stores Limited (PIK) options were issued to employees in respect of their progress and performance.

A further 200 000 share options were awarded to Lerena Olivier on her appointment as Group CFO. Share options were awarded at

market price, and vest over a period of three, five and seven years. A total of 23.5 million share options were held by employees at

year-end, amounting to 4.8% of shares in issue. Please refer to note 5 of the FY20 annual financial statements for further information.

The future net realisable value of all outstanding share options at 1 March 2020:

Year

Average

grant

price

Number of

options

000's

Net

realisable

value*

Rm

Outstanding share options may be taken up during the following financial periods:

2021

R44.85

11 416.3

118.6

2022

R68.20

3 188.5

–

2023

R63.79

2 564.6

–

2024

R70.44

2 242.5

–

2025 and thereafter

R67.55

4 090.0

–

23 501.9

118.6

* The net realisable value of outstanding share options was calculated using the prevailing market share price at year-end of R55.24, less the grant price per award.

In recent years, the Group’s share price performance has mirrored under-performing equity markets across the globe, and increasingly

negative investor sentiment towards emerging market economies. In particular, investor confidence in South Africa remains low as a

result of stagnant economic growth, high unemployment, and credit agency downgrades taking the country’s sovereign rating below

investment grade. As a result, approximately 65% or 15 million share options held by employees have no value (are currently out-of-the-

money), notwithstanding the Group delivering compound annual earnings growth of 19% per annum over the past seven years. As such,

these instruments are increasingly ineffective in providing middle and lower levels of management with adequate incentive or reward.

At the same time, the significant reduction in the value of the Group’s employee share scheme obligations over the past year has resulted

in a reversal of related deferred tax assets and a material 4.2 percentage point increase in the Group’s tax rate. Please refer to page 64

of the CFO's report for further detail.

The remuneration committee has tasked management to re-evaluate the Group’s share option scheme to establish whether there is

a more modern and effective way to incentivise and retain key members of staff, particularly middle and lower levels of management.

The remuneration committee seeks a scheme that is more cost effective for the Group, creates more certain value for employees, and

removes the volatility risk from the tax rate. The remuneration committee will communicate its final decision on the Group's share option

scheme in its FY21 report.

Malus and claw-back

No incidents identified in the FY20 financial year.

Reviewing and recommending to the Board the overall compensation for the Chairman, for

approval by shareholders at the AGM

In setting the Chairman’s proposed annual fee of R4.7 million in FY20, the remuneration committee (Gareth Ackerman recused himself

from the discussion) considered the active role he plays in the corporate governance of the Group and in formulating overarching strategy

for the individual companies within the Group. Gareth does not play a day-to-day role in the executive management and administration of

the business but does make himself available to the executive team in an advisory capacity.

Reviewing and recommending non-executive directors’ fees for FY21 for approval by shareholders

at the AGM

Shareholders approved the FY21 directors’ fees at the AGM held in July 2019, agreeing that the FY20 fees be increased by CPI for

the 2021 annual financial period. However, non-executive directors have waived their right to the increase in light of the COVID-19

pandemic. Directors’ fees will remain unchanged for the 2021 annual financial period

Fees (excluding value-added tax) for the current and proposed periods are as follows:

Proposed

2021

R

Actual

2020

R

%

Change

Chairman of the Board

4 660 000

4 660 000

–

Lead independent non-executive director of the Board

145 000

145 000

–

Non-executive director of the Board

435 000

435 000

–

Chairman of the audit, risk and compliance committee

375 000

375 000

–

Member of the audit, risk and compliance committee

145 000

145 000

–

Chairman of the remuneration committee

200 000

200 000

–

Member of the remuneration committee

94 500

94 500

–

Member of the nominations committee1

90 000

90 000

–

Member of the social and ethics committee2

94 500

94 500

–

Chairman of the corporate finance committee3

200 000

200 000

–

Member of the corporate finance committee4

135 000

135 000

–

Member of the corporate governance committee5

90 000

90 000

–

Trustee of the employee share purchase trust

42 000

42 000

–

1 The chairman of the nominations committee is the Chairman of the Board and does not receive an additional fee for chairing this committee.

2 The chairman of the social and ethics committee is an executive director and does not receive an additional fee for chairing this committee.

3 The corporate finance committee is an ad hoc committee. The fees payable are determined in relation to the number of meetings held during the financial period, but

will not be more than the annual proposed fee. No formal meetings were held during FY20, and therefore no fees were paid.

4 The corporate finance committee is an ad hoc committee. The fees payable are determined in relation to the number of meetings held during the financial period, but

will not be more than the annual proposed fee. No formal meetings were held during FY20, and therefore no fees were paid.

5 The chairman of the corporate governance committee is Chairman of the Board and does not receive an additional fee for chairing the committee. No formal meetings

were held during FY20, and therefore no fees were paid.:

