Managing Director at Goldman Sachs. From 2009 to 2012,

Dr Nevistic was a Group: Managing Director and Head of Corporate

Development at UBS, where she was part of the senior executive

team that restructured the bank’s operations following the financial

crisis. She currently runs her own advisory boutique, focusing on

corporate strategy and business transformations, and also serves as

a Non-executive Director at Samskip BV and Samskip hf.

Dr Nevistic supports various non-profit organisations and is a

member of the Finance Committee of the Swiss Study Foundation,

and was a trustee at the Swiss Institute / Contemporary Art

New York.

14. Guillaume Pictet

Non-executive Director

Swiss, born 1950

Mr Pictet was appointed to the Board as a Non-executive Director

in 2010 and is a member of the Ethics Sub-Committee, a sub

Committee of the Audit Committee, the Audit, Compensation and

Nominations Committees.

He is a graduate of HEC, Lausanne University. His career in private

banking has included membership of Darier Hentsch & Cie’s senior

management. He has also served as an international economist in

Switzerland’s Federal Department of Economic Affairs.

Since 1996, Mr Pictet has been a Founding Partner and Vice

Managing Director of Cartier Japan,

President of Richemont Japan, and finally,: Managing

Letter from the Chairman of the

Compensation Committee

Clay Brendish, Chairman: Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Compensation Committee, I am pleased to present

our Compensation report for the year ended 31 March 2020.

Over the past year, the Committee has worked closely with Group

management to further improve the compensation framework,

including the introduction of a new long-term incentive plan. This

Restricted Share Unit plan allows for the award of share units to

employees, who receive the equivalent number of CFR shares

following the vesting period. For the Group’s most senior

executives, the vesting of these units is dependent on certain pre-

defined performance criteria (Performance Share Unit plan, or

‘PSU’). This new plan further serves to align management

compensation to shareholder returns, a key part of the Group’s

remuneration strategy.

Structures in place for the remuneration of the Group’s executives

and employees remain under continual review by the Committee,

in order to ensure that executives are remunerated fairly and in line

with the Group’s strategic objectives. Incentivising creativity and

long-term value creation becomes ever more important in the

current difficult economic climate, and the Committee remains

dedicated to ensuring that these principles are appropriately

applied.

In the past months, the Committee has worked closely with Group

management with regards to the impact of the current Covid-19

outbreak on the Group’s compensation arrangements, and

particularly on the implementation of measures to ensure that the

consequences are shared fairly at all levels of the organisation.

Amongst other measures, the Senior Executive Committee has

agreed to a temporary reduction in fixed salary and a reduction in

short-term incentives for the year ended 31 March 2020. Fees due

to non-executive members of the Board of Directors will also be

reduced.

At the AGM in September 2019, shareholders once again approved

the remuneration proposals by a large majority. Specifically,

shareholders were asked to approve the maximum amount of fixed

Board compensation from the 2019 AGM to the 2020 AGM; the

maximum amount of fixed Senior Executive Committee

compensation for the 2021 financial year and the variable

compensation of the Senior Executive Committee for the 2019

financial year. The actual compensation paid to the Board for the

period from the 2018 AGM to the 2019 AGM and to the Senior

Executive Committee with respect to fixed compensation for the

2020 financial year was in line with amounts previously approved

by the shareholders.

The Compensation report that follows describes the Group’s

guiding principles, philosophy and policies for setting the

compensation of members of the Board and the Senior Executive

Committee. The report complies with the relevant articles of

the Swiss Code of Obligations, the Swiss Code of Best Practice, and

the Ordinance against Excessive Compensation (‘OEC’).

The compensation for the financial year under review, as detailed

on pages 66 to 68 has been audited by the Group’s auditors,

PricewaterhouseCoopers.

On behalf of the Board, we would like to thank you for your

continued support on executive compensation matters.

We look forward to receiving comments from our investors.

Clay Brendish

Compensation Committee

