Dear Shareholders,

CEO’s Message

Time moves fast,

we are moving faster

Our ‘One JBCPL’ family has completed its 44th year. Being one of the

fastest-growing pharmaceutical companies in India, we have good

reason to be pleased. Even so, we are not content. We are already

looking ahead and accelerating towards our 50th year in 2025. In this

journey, we will focus on strengthening our core capabilities and also

build an organisation that is agile and resilient to uncertain times.

Before discussing the future, I would like to express my heartfelt

thanks to all those who have been battling Covid-19 for over a year by

working tirelessly and selflessly to mitigate the impact of this

pandemic. Covid-19 has shifted the method and pace of healthcare

delivery. It has sensitised us to the need for greater speed, integration

and quality of response across manufacturing, supply chain, sales,

marketing, quality control and assurance (QA-QC), and R&D.

At JBCPL, we are applying our learnings to establish plans for the

future.

Business transformation initiatives:

Moving into newer therapeutic categories:

In the past few months, we have ventured deeper into therapeutic

segments where we already have equity, as well as expanded into

adjacent therapies where we believe we can enhance the quality of

care for patients.

The next priority is to scale up R&D and business development

initiatives towards building a progressive portfolio for our US, ROW,

Russia, SA, API, and CMO businesses.

We will focus on consolidating our business areas through a deeper

presence in existing geographies, this will be aided by new launches

over the next 2–3 years.

We are investing in ‘beyond the pill’ initiatives, tech-enabled

solutions, and a ‘phygital’ approach to innovatively meet the diverse

needs of internal stakeholders, employees, associates, and HCPs

(Healthcare Professionals).

Nephrology – We have introduced a range of products to support

the treatment of kidney disease. These will leverage our formidable

equity with nephrologists and further expand our market share in

this category.

Our major focus is to strengthen our core therapy segments i.e.

hypertension, gastroenterology, nephrology, cardiology, dentistry,

and paediatrics. In FY 21 we realigned our structure and portfolio to

ensure sustainable growth and put a strong focus on the lifecycle

management of our flagship brands.

J. B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited

6:

Managing Director of

Novartis, India.

He holds a Bachelor of Technology in Mechanical Engineering

from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur and a Masters in

Business Administration from Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of

Management Studies.

Chairman and Independent Director

Mr. Ranjit Shahani

Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker is the Managing Partner of B. K.

Khare & Co., Chartered Accountants, one of the leading and

reputed Indian Accounting ﬁrms in the profession for more

than ﬁve decades. Padmini has over 25 years of wide and

varied experience serving large and mid-sized clients in variety

of businesses such as Manufacturing, Oil and Gas, Banking and

Financial Services, Insurance, IT, Hospitality, Real Estate, and

Retail sectors.

She holds a B.Sc. in Mathematics. Apart from being a

Chartered Accountant from ICAI, she is also a Certiﬁed Public

Accountant (USA) and holds a Diploma in Business Finance

from the Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India.

Independent Director

Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker

Non-executive Director

Mr. Sanjay Nayar

Mr. Sanjay Nayar is Chairman of KKR India. He joined KKR in

2009 and was Partner & CEO of KKR India until January 2021.

Prior to joining KKR, he served as CEO of Citigroup's Indian and

South Asian operations and was a member of Citigroup’s

Management Committee and Asia Executive Operating

Committee from 2002–2009. Mr. Nayar also served

Citibank/Citigroup for 25 years in various positions in India, UK

and USA.

Mr. Nayar is a member of the Board of US-India Strategic

Partnership Forum (USISPF), the Governing Board of Indian

School of Business (ISB), is an Executive Member of CII PE/VC

Committee, and as recently as November 2020 tenured from

SEBI’s NISM Board of Governors after six years. He has

obtained B.Sc. (Hons) from Delhi College of Engineering and

MBA (Finance) from Indian Institute of Management,

Ahmedabad.

J. B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited

8:

Managing Director at KKR private

equity team. Prior to joining KKR, Mr. Prashant Kumar was a

Director and member of the investment committee at

ChrysCapital, a leading India focused private equity fund.

Prior to ChrysCapital, he has worked at Warburg Pincus where

he led investments in various sectors, Karsch Capital

Management, a New York-based hedge fund and SUN Capital,

an emerging markets focused private equity ﬁrm.

Mr. Prashant Kumar holds a B.Tech. from the Indian Institute

of Technology Delhi, a post-graduate diploma in management

from the Indian Institute of Management Kolkata, and a

Master’s in Business Administration from The Wharton

School at the University of Pennsylvania.

Non-executive Director

Mr. Prashant Kumar

Annual Report 2020-21

9

Corporate Overview

Consolidated Financial Statements

Standalone Financial Statements

Statutory Reports:

managing director of the

Company since incorporation of the Company passed away

on 21-07-2020. Mr. J. B. Mody built businesses, built brands

and built organisation over the years through his vision, sheer

entrepreneurship, deep focus and commitment. He played a vital

role in growth of the Company and development of the businesses.

Board has placed his valuable contributions on record with sense

of gratitude.

10. DIRECTORS

Board appointed Mr. Ranjit Shahani, Mr. Sumit Bose and Ms. Padmini

Khare Kaicker as additional directors (independent directors)

and Mr. Sanjay Nayar, Mr. Prashant Kumar, Mr. Ajay Candade,

Ms. Ananya Tripathi and Mr. Mayank Mishra as additional directors

(non-executive) on 31-8-2020. Mr. Shirish B. Mody, Whole time

director (Marketing), Mr. Bharat P. Mehta, Whole time director

(Planning & Development), Mr. Kamlesh L. Udani, Executive

director (Technical & Production), and Dr. Satyanarain Agarwala,

Mr. Rajiv Mody, Ms. Krupa Gandhi, Mr. Devang Shah, Mr. Shaukat

Merchant and Dr. Manoj Mashru, independent directors, resigned

on 31-8-2020. These independent directors resigned because

of their personal reason and they all confirmed that there was

no other material reason for their resignation. Mr. Pranabh Mody

stepped down from his executive position of President and Whole

time director (Operations) on 31-8-2020 and resigned as director

on 9-11-2020.

The members of the Company at annual general meeting held

on 30-9-2020 appointed Mr. Ranjit Shahani, Mr. Sumit Bose and

Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker as independent directors for a

term of five years from 31-8-2020 and Mr. Sanjay Nayar,

Mr. Prashant Kumar, Mr. Ajay Candade, Ms. Ananya Tripathi and

Mr. Mayank Mishra as directors liable to retire by rotation.

Subsequent to this, Mr. Ajay Candade resigned on 5-10-2020 and

Mr. Mayank Mishra resigned on 10-2-2021.

Board appointed Mr. Nikhil Chopra as additional director on

5-10-2020 and also appointed him as Chief Executive Officer

and Whole-time director of the Company on the even date. The

members appointed Mr. Nikhil Chopra as director of the Company

and also approved his appointment as Chief Executive Officer and

Whole-time director and remuneration payable to him as such on

23-12-2020.

Board appointed Mr. Gaurav Trehan as additional director

on 10-2-2021, who holds office up to the date of

ensuing annual general meeting. The Company has received,:

Managing Director

247.08

―

254:1

$Mr. Shirish B. Mody

Whole-time director (Marketing)

324.76

―

246:1

$Mr. Bharat P. Mehta

Whole-time director (Planning & Development)

143.97

―

109:1

$$Mr. Pranabh Mody

President & Whole-time director (Operations)

143.97

―

109:1

$Mr. Kamlesh L Udani

Executive director (Technical & Production)

102.60

―

78:1

₤Mr. Nikhil Chopra

Chief Executive Officer and Whole- time

director

240.63

N.A.

156:1

by any executive director during the year.:

Managing Director.

Employed for part of the year:

(a) Chopra Nikhil (47) (b) Chief Executive Officer and Whole Time Director (c) *24,062,502 (d) M.Sc.(Chemistry) (24) (e) 5.10.2020 (f) Cipla Ltd.

- CEO, India Business (a) D’Souza Jason (46) (b) Vice President - Investor Relations (c) 990,227 (d) MBA Finance (26) (e) 23.02.2021 (f) Glenmark

Pharmaceuticals Ltd.- Senior Vice President- Corporate Strategy & Investor Relations (a) Khanna Kunal (40) (b) President - Transformation

(c) 7,271,633 (d) MBA / PGDM Marketing (16) (e) 31.08.2020 (f) Cipla Ltd.- Vice President- India Business (a) Mehta B.P. (73) (b) Whole time director

(Planning & Development) (c) 14,396,572(d) B.Sc. (50) (e) 01.01.1977 (f) Unique Pharma Labs.-Production Manager (a) Mehta J.B. (43) (b) President

- Global Business (Russia CIS) & CRAMS (c) 9,386,763 (d) B.Sc. (Chem. Engg.) (16) (e) 01.10.2004 (f) Allergan Pharmaceuticals-Research Project-In

charge (a) Mody J.B. (91) (b): Managing Director (c) 24,707,854 (d) Inter Sc. (69) (e) 01.01.1977 (f) J.B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Pvt. Ltd.-Managing

Director (a) Mody N.S. (40) (b) President–Global Business & Business Development (c) 9,386,763 (d) B.Sc. in Business Admn. (16) (e) 13.07.2004

(f) Rodman & Renshaw-Equity Research Analyst (a) Mody P.D. (57) (b) President & Whole time director (Operations) (c) 14,396,572 (d) B. Pharm.,

M.B.A. (USA) (34) (e) 25.06.1987 (f) First employment (a) Mody S.B. (80) (b) Whole time director (Marketing) (c) 32,476,302 (d) B.Sc. (Tech.) (61)

(e) 01.01.1977 (f) J.B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Pvt. Ltd.- Director-Technical (a) Nasa Sandeep (53) (b) Head Marketing - Russia, Ukraine & CIS

(c) 20,586,395 (d) M. Pharm (25) (e) 01.02.2018 (f) Unique Pharmaceutical Laboratories FZE. (a) Rathod Sandeep (43) (b) Vice President - Legal

(c) 1,321,548 (d) LLM (15) (e) 02.03.2021 (f) USV Private Limited- Vice President-Legal (a) Rathore Dilip Singh (44) (b) President- Domestic Business

(c) 2,302,161 (d) M.Sc. (19) (e) 28.01.2021 (f) Cipla Limited- Sr. Vice President - India Business Marketing.

Notes: (1) The nature of employment of the above employees is/was contractual in nature. The other terms and conditions of each of the above are/

were as per the contract/letter of appointment and rules of the Company. (2) Mr. K.L.Udani resigned as director on 31-8-2020 and from 1-9-2020 he

was appointed as Senior President- Quality and Manufacturing. His total remuneration of ₹ 2,55,10,338 comprises of ₹ 1,02,60,054 received by him

as executive director of the Company and ₹ 1,52,50,284 received by him in his capacity as Senior President-Quality and Manufacturing. (3) Mr. J.B.

Mody ceased to be in employment on 21-7-2020, while Mr. S.B. Mody, Mr. B.P. Mehta, Mr. P.D. Mody, Mr. J.B. Mehta and Mr. N.S. Mody ceased to be in

employment on 31-8-2020. Mr. Udani ceased to be in employment on 31-3-2021 (4) Mr. J.B. Mody and Mr. S.B. Mody were related as brother. Mr. P.D.

Mody was nephew of Mr. J. B. Mody and Mr. S. B. Mody. Mr. N.S. Mody was son of Mr. S. B. Mody. Mr. B.P. Mehta was son-in-law of Mr. J.B. Mody and

Mr. J.B. Mehta was son of Mr. B.P. Mehta. (5) The amount of remuneration does not include gratuity received as the same was paid by the Gratuity

Trust of the Company.

*includes remuneration of ₹ 82,90,411 for financial year 2020-21 provided for in the books but not paid during the said year.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Ranjit Shahani

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure II and forms an integral part of this report.

Place : Thane

Date : June 14, 2021:

letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents

of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that

the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of accounts of the Company.

4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of

events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. Our

examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Ashish Bhatt & Associates

Ashish Bhatt

Practicing Company Secretary

FCS No: 4650

C.P. No. 2956

UDIN: F004650C000455760

For Ashish Bhatt & Associates

Ashish Bhatt

Practicing Company Secretary

FCS No: 4650

C.P. No. 2956

UDIN: F004650C000455760

Place : Thane

Date

Place : Thane

Date

: June 14, 2021

: June 14, 2021:

letter of disclosure of interest to the Board relating to all material, financial and

commercial transactions, where they have personal interest, if any, that may have a potential conflict with the interest of the Company at large.

Appointment of and remuneration payable to CEO/executive director and senior management is reviewed and approved by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and recommended by it to the Board for approval.

QUARTERLY COMPLIANCE REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

During the year 2020-21, the Company has submitted to the Exchanges quarterly compliance report on corporate governance within the prescribed time

and have placed such report before the Board of Directors at the next meeting.

DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY

Dividend Distribution Policy formulated by the Company pursuant to Regulation 43A of the Listing Regulations, as revised effective from April 1, 2020,

is set out in Annexure G.

DISCLOSURES ON WEBSITE

The Company has, inter alia, disseminated the following information on its website www.jbcpl.com:

(a) Terms and conditions of appointment of independent directors

(b) Composition of various Committees of the Board of directors

(c) Code of Conduct for Board of directors and senior management personnel

(d) Details of establishment of vigil mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy along with Compliant Response Plan Policy

(e) Criteria for making payment to non-executive directors, which forms part of Remuneration policy

(f) Policy on dealing with related party transactions

(g) Policy for determining material subsidiary

(h) Details of familiarisation programme imparted to non-executive directors

(i) Dividend Distribution Policy

(j) Business Responsibility Policy

(k) Secretarial compliance report

(l) Presentations made to investors/analysts

SHARES SUSPENSE ACCOUNT

No shares issued by the Company are unclaimed. Thus, no shares have been transferred to demat suspense account or unclaimed suspense account.

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the members of the Board of directors and senior management personnel have affirmed compliance with the code of conduct, for

the financial year ended on March 31, 2021.

For and on behalf of the Board of directors

Nikhil Chopra

Chief Executive Officer and Whole-time director

Place : Mumbai

Date : June 14, 2021:

Managing Director.

6.

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online?

http://www.jbcpl.com/investors/pdf/code/code_of_

conduct_for_directors.pdf

http://www.jbcpl.com/investors/pdf/policy/Anti_Bribery_

Policy.pdf

(for P1)

http://www.jbcpl.com/investors/pdf/policy/Business_Res_

Policy0001.pdf

(for P2 to P9)

No.

Particulars

Details

1.

DIN Number

07220097

2.

Name

Nikhil Chopra

3.

Designation

Chief Executive Officer & Whole-time Director

No.

Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

1.

Do you have a policy/ policies for:

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

2.

Has the policy being formulated in consultation with the relevant stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

5.

Does the company have a specified committee of the Board/ Director/ Official to

oversee the implementation of the policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

No.

Particulars

Details

1.

DIN Number

Not applicable

2.

Name

Mayur C. Mehta

3.

Designation

Company Secretary & Vice President – Compliance

4.

Telephone number

(022) 2439 5200 / 5500

5.

e-mail id

secretarial@jbcpl.com

7.

Has the policy been formally communicated to all relevant internal and external

stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

8.

Does the company have in-house structure to implement the policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

9.

Does the Company have a grievance redressal mechanism related to the policy/

policies to address stakeholders’ grievances related to the policy/ policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y:

LETTER OF CREDIT AND GUARANTEES:

letter of credit.

Management does an impairment analysis at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. In addition, a large number of minor

receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively. Further, the Company’s customers base is widely

distributed both economically as well as geographically and in view of the same, the quantum risk also gets spread across wide base and hence

management considers risk with respect to trade receivable as low. Of the trade receivables balance at the end of the year, ` 6,335.07 lakhs

(March 31, 2020: ` 5,917.23 lakhs) is due from 2 related parties and ` 6,284.42 lakhs (March 31, 2020: ` 3,134.85 lakhs) is due from a single

counter party which is in excess of 10% of total trade receivables.

For trade receivables, as a practical expedient, the Company determines credit loss allowance based on a provision matrix. The provision matrix

is prepared based on historically observed default rates over the expected life of trade receivables and is adjusted for forward-looking estimates.

Expected credit loss for trade receivables under simplified approach as at the end of each reporting period is as follows:

b) Liquidity risk:

Liquidity risk is the risk that Company may not be able to meet its present and future cash and collateral obligations without incurring unacceptable

losses. Company’s objective is to, at all times maintain optimum levels of liquidity to meet its cash and collateral requirements. Company closely

monitors its liquidity position and deploys a robust cash management system.

The Company has an established liquidity risk management framework for managing its short term, medium term and long term funding and

liquidity management requirements. The Company manages the liquidity risk by maintaining adequate funds in cash and cash equivalents. The

Company also has adequate credit facilities agreed with banks to ensure that there is sufficient cash or cash equivalent available to meet all

its normal operating commitments in a timely and cost-effective manner. Working capital requirements are adequately addressed by internally

generated funds. Trade receivables are kept within manageable levels. Company aims to maintain the level of its cash and cash equivalents and

other highly marketable debt investments at an amount in excess of expected cash outflows on financial liabilities over the next three to six

months.:

LETTER OF CREDIT AND GUARANTEES

40. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

Travelling expenses of field personnel include incidental expenses on conveyance, postage, stationery and miscellaneous expenses etc.

Pursuant to the Business Transfer Agreement, entered during the year, between the Holding Company and Lekar Pharma Limited (“the Seller”), a

related party up to August 31, 2020, the Holding Company has acquired the Pharmaceutical Business Undertaking of the Seller as a going concern

by way of a slump sale for a consideration of ₹850.00 lakhs. An amount of ₹431.92 lakhs, being the excess of consideration paid, as above, over

the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed of ₹418.08 lakhs has been recognised as

Goodwill.

a. Defined Contribution Plan

Contribution to defined contribution plan, recognized as expense for the year are as under:

b. Defined Benefit Plan - Gratuity – Holding Company

Gratuity is payable to all eligible employees of the company on retirement, death, permanent disablement and resignation in terms of the provision

of the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. The benefits would be paid at the time of separation.

i. Changes in present value of defined benefit obligation during the year

38.

39.:

letter of credit.

Management does an impairment analysis at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. In addition, a large number of

minor receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively. Further, the Group’s customers base

is widely distributed both economically as well as geographically and in view of the same, the quantum risk also gets spread across wide

base and hence management considers risk with respect to trade receivable as low. Of the trade receivables balance at the end of the year,

₹6,284.42 lakhs (March 31, 2020: ₹3,134.85 lakhs) is due from a single counter party which is in excess of 10% of total trade receivables.

For trade receivables, as a practical expedient, the Group determines credit loss allowance based on a provision matrix. The provision matrix is

prepared based on historically observed default rates over the expected life of trade receivables and is adjusted for forward-looking estimates.

Expected credit loss for trade receivables under simplified approach as at the end of each reporting period is as follows:

b ) Liquidity Risk:

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group may not be able to meet its present and future cash and collateral obligations without incurring

unacceptable losses. The Group’s objective is to, at all times maintain optimum levels of liquidity to meet its cash and collateral requirements.

The Group closely monitors its liquidity position and deploys a robust cash management system.

The Group has an established liquidity risk management framework for managing its short term, medium term and long term funding and

liquidity management requirements. The Group manages the liquidity risk by maintaining adequate funds in cash and cash equivalents. The

Group also has adequate credit facilities agreed with banks to ensure that there is sufficient cash or cash equivalent available to meet all its

normal operating commitments in a timely and cost-effective manner. Working capital requirements are adequately addressed by internally

generated funds. Trade receivables are kept within manageable levels. The Group aims to maintain the level of its cash and cash equivalents

and other highly marketable debt investments at an amount in excess of expected cash outflows on financial liabilities over the next three to

six months.

(₹ in lakhs)

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Expected credit loss as at the beginning of the year

424.77

429.97

Changes during the current year

55.57

(5.20)

Expected credit loss as at the end of the year

480.34

424.77:

letter to the concerned members informing them about such

transfer. Such members are requested to claim their dividend on or

before the date mentioned in note no. 8.

The shareholders who have not yet claimed their dividend for any

past period are requested to write to the Company or send e-mail

to investorelations@jbcpl.com.

The members, who have not yet exchanged certificate(s) of shares

of face value of ₹10 against certificates of shares of face value

of ₹2, consequent to reduction in face value from ₹10 to ₹2,

are requested to approach the Company’s Registrars and Share

Transfer Agent or write to the Company.

In accordance with General Circular No. 20/2020 dated 5th May,

2020 read with General Circular No. 02/2021 dated 13th January,

2021 issued by MCA and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/

CIR/P/2021/11 dated 15th January, 2021 read with Circular No.

SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated 12th May, 2020 issued

by SEBI, owing to the difficulties involved in dispatch of physical

copies of the financial statements (including report of Board

of directors, auditors’ report or other documents required to be

attached therewith), such statements including this notice of AGM

are being sent through electronic mode to the members whose

e-mail address is registered with the Company or the depository

participant/depository.

Members holding shares in physical mode and who have not

registered their e-mail address with the Company are requested

to register their e-mail address by writing to the Company at

secretarial@jbcpl.com along with the copy of signed request: letter

mentioning the name and address of the member, self-attested

copy of PAN card and self-attested copy of any identity proof in

support of address of the member. Members holding shares in

dematerialsed form are requested to register/update their e-mail

address with the concerned depository participant/depository.

This notice of AGM along with annual report for the financial

year 2020-21 is available on the website of the Company at

www.jbcpl.com, on website of Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Ltd.

and National Stock Exchange of India Limited. This notice is

also available on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management

and Administration) Rules, 2014, Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 and

the said MCA Circulars, the Company provides facility of e-voting to

its members in respect of the business to be transacted at the AGM.

For this purpose, the Company has entered into an agreement with

National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) for facilitating

voting through electronic means, as the authorized agency. The

facility of casting votes by the members using remote e-voting

system as well as e-voting during the AGM will be provided by

NSDL.

The members holding shares of the Company on the cut-of date,

being September 02, 2021 (“cut-off date”) shall be entitled to cast

votes either through remote e-voting facility or e-voting during the

annual general meeting.

(a) The members participating in the meeting who have not cast

their votes by remote e-voting shall be able to exercise their

right to vote during the meeting through e-voting process. The

members who have already cast their votes by remote e-voting

shall not be eligible to vote during AGM. Such members will

not be allowed to change their votes subsequently or cast the

vote again.

(b) Members holding shares in physical form are requested to

access the e-voting facility provided by the Company through

NSDL e-voting system at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/.

The process and the manner of voting through remote e-voting

facility (i.e. voting from any place) and time schedule thereof

including details about login ID, procedure for generating

password and casting of vote in a secure manner is as under:

Time schedule for remote e-voting

The voting period shall commence from Monday, September 06,

2021 at 9.00 a.m. and will end on Wednesday, September 8, 2021

at 5.00 p.m. During this period, shareholders of the Company,

holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as

on the cut-off date i.e. September 02, 2021 shall only be eligible to

cast their votes electronically. The members are requested to note

that the remote e-voting shall not be allowed beyond the aforesaid

date and time and e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for

voting thereafter.

Steps for e-voting:

Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system

A) Login method for e-Voting and joining the virtual meeting for

individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode:

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting

facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through

their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository

Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile

number and e-mail Id in their demat accounts in order to access

e-Voting facility.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

15.

ELECTRONIC DISPATCH OF ANNUAL REPORT AND PROCESS

FOR REGISTRATION OF E-MAIL ADDRESS WITH THE COMPANY.

16.

17.

NOTICE (Contd.)

managing director of KKR India Advisors

Private Limited and is a member of Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee of the said Company. He does not hold directorship

in any other listed entity. He could not attend the Board meeting

at which he was appointed and no other Board meeting was held

thereafter till the end of the financial year. He is not related to any

director or key managerial person of the Company. He neither holds

any share in the Company nor he has shareholding as a beneficial

owner. The period of office of Mr. Gaurav Trehan as a director of

the Company, if appointed, would be liable to determination by

retirement by rotation.

Your Board believes that keeping in view Mr. Gaurav Trehan’s

background, qualifications, skills, experience and functional

expertise, his continued association would be immensely beneficial

to and is in interest of the Company and help Board maintain

appropriate balance of skills, experience and knowledge and

necessary diversity and thus help Board discharge its functions

and duties effectively. Accordingly, your directors recommend his

appointment and commend the resolution set out under item no.

6 for approval of the members. His appointment as a director was

also recommended to the Board for approval by Nomination and

Remuneration Committee of the Board.

The Articles of Association of the Company and notice received

from a member (“the said documents”) are open for inspection

at the registered office of the Company by any member during

10.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m. on all working days (i.e. except Saturday,

Sunday and public holidays) up to the date of the annual general

meeting. A copy of the said documents will also be available for

inspection at the corporate office of the Company on the days and

during the time aforesaid as well as during the meeting. The said

documents shall also be made available through electronics mode

for inspection by any member on the basis of request received at

secretarial@jbcpl.com. Upon receipt of such request, the Company

would provide the link to inspect such documents.

Mr. Gaurav Trehan and his relatives may be considered as

concerned or interested in this item of business and/or resolution

under item no.6. None of the other directors and key managerial

personnel of the Company and their relatives are concerned or

interested in this item of business or resolution under item no.6.

Item No. 7:

Regulation 31A of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (“the said Regulations”) provides for re-classification

of status of promoter/promoter group persons as public on

fulfillment of certain conditions contained in the said Regulation

including approval of such request by the members of the

company by ordinary resolution and grant of permission for such

re-classification by stock exchanges on application by the listed

entity.

In light of the provisions of the said Regulation 31A of the said

Regulations, the Company has received request from the following

promoters/promoter group members of the Company seeking

re-classification of their status from ‘promoter/promoter group’

category to ‘public category’ (“the said promoter group members”

or “the applicants”).

Sr. No.

Name of Promoter Group Member

Promoter/ Promoter

Group

No. of

shares held

% of

share capital

%share holding along

with immediate relative

1

Shirish Bhagwanlal Mody

Promoter

0

0.00

0.60

2

Pallavi Bharat Mehta

Promoter

606,261

0.78

0.79

3

Pranabh Dinesh Mody

Promoter

525,339

0.68

0.68

4

Purvi Uday Asher

Promoter

0

0.00

0.68

5

Kumud Dinesh Mody

Promoter Group

0

0.00

0.69

6

Bharati S Mody

Promoter Group

0

0.00

0.60

7

P D Mody HUF (Karta P D Mody)

Promoter Group

0

0.00

0.68

8

Sejal Pranabh Mody

Promoter Group

0

0.00

0.68

9

Nirav Shirish Mody

Promoter Group

342,759

0.44

0.44

10

Jinali Pranabh Mody

Promoter Group

0

0.00

0.68

11

Jay Bharat Mehta

Promoter Group

0

0.00

0.79

NOTICE (Contd.):

