Managing Director

(‘CCMD’) as mentioned below for the financial year 2021-22:

A.

Salary, Allowances, Perquisites and Retiral Benefits

a.

Annual gross remuneration including Salary, House

Rent Allowance/ Company Leased Accommodation,

Allowances, Perquisites and Retiral Benefits not

exceeding ` 9.00 Crore with such break-up as may be

requested by CCMD.

b.

Fringe benefits and amenities stated below:

i.

Conveyance Facilities: Suitable conveyance

facilities as may be required by CCMD.

ii.

Communication Facilities: Telephone, fax and

other communication facilities at the residence

of CCMD.

iii.

Club Fees: Reimbursement of membership

fees for clubs in India and/ or abroad including

admission and life membership fees.

iv.

Miscellaneous: Reimbursement of entertainment

and other expenses incurred in the course of

business of the Company and other benefits and

amenities as per rules of the Company.

B.

Commission

CCMD shall also be entitled to receive commission annually

not exceeding 1.25% of net profits of the Company.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all other terms and conditions

of appointment of CCMD shall remain unchanged unless

otherwise modified by the Board of Directors of the Company.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the remuneration stated

above may be altered, varied or enhanced by the Board

of Directors of the Company from time to time during the

financial year 2021-22, considering the performance of

CCMD, profitability of the Company and other relevant

factors.

PHARMOVA:

Managing Director(s) and Whole-time Director(s) may

exceed 10% of net profits of the Company, calculated in

accordance with the provisions of Section 198 of the Act or

any amendment thereto and if the Company has no profit or

its profits are inadequate during the financial year 2021-22,

the remuneration mentioned above (including any revision

in the remuneration that may be approved by the Board

of Directors from time to time) shall be paid as minimum

remuneration to CCMD during the financial year 2021-22.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of

the Company be and is hereby authorised to do all such

acts and deeds as it may consider necessary, expedient or

desirable, in order to give effect to the foregoing resolution

or otherwise as considered by the Board of Directors to be

in the best interest of the Company.”

5.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution

as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections

196, 197, 198, 203 and other applicable provisions, if any, of

the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) and Schedule V thereto

and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (the ‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) including any

amendment(s), statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s)

thereof for the time being in force and the Appointment

and Remuneration Policy and the Articles of Association

of the Company and subject to such approvals, consents,

permissions and sanctions of the concerned authorities as

may be necessary and subject to such other conditions and

modifications as may be prescribed, imposed or suggested

by such concerned authorities while granting such approvals,

consents, permissions and sanctions and as may be agreed

to by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter

referred to as ‘the Board’ which term shall be deemed to

include any committee which the Board may have constituted

or hereinafter constitute to exercise the powers conferred

by this resolution), approval of members of the Company

be and is hereby accorded to the re-appointment of

Mr. Hari S. Bhartia [DIN: 00010499] as Co-Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director(s) and Whole-time Director(s)

may exceed 10% of net profits of the Company, calculated

in accordance with the provisions of Section 198 of the Act

or any amendment thereto and where in any financial year

during the tenure of appointment of Group CFO & WTD,

the Company has no profit or its profits are inadequate, the

remuneration mentioned above (including any revision in the

remuneration that may be approved by the Board of Directors

from time to time) be paid as minimum remuneration to

Group CFO & WTD.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of the Company be

and is hereby authorised to do all such acts and deeds as it

may consider necessary, expedient or desirable, in order to give

effect to the foregoing resolution or otherwise as considered

by the Board to be in the best interest of the Company.”

9.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution

as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections

149, 150, 152 and other applicable provisions, if any,

of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’), the Companies

(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014

read with Schedule IV to the Act (including any statutory

modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in

force), Regulation 16(1)(b) and 17(1A) of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 and the Appointment and Remuneration Policy of the

Company, Mr. Sushil Kumar Roongta (DIN: 00309302), who

was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company

for a term upto May 22, 2022 and in respect of whom the

Company has received a notice in writing under Section

160 of the Act from a member proposing his candidature

for the office of Director, be and is hereby re-appointed as

an Independent Director of the Company to hold office for

a further term of 5 (five) years ending on May 22, 2027 and

shall not be liable to retire by rotation.”

10. To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution

as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections

149, 150, 152 and other applicable provisions, if any,

of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’), the Companies

(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014

read with Schedule IV to the Act (including any statutory

modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in

force), Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and the

Appointment and Remuneration Policy of the Company,

Mr. Vivek Mehra (DIN: 00101328), who was appointed as

an Independent Director of the Company for a term upto

May 22, 2022 and in respect of whom the Company has

received a notice in writing under Section 160 of the Act

from a member proposing his candidature for the office of

Director, be and is hereby re-appointed as an Independent

Director of the Company to hold office for a further term of 5

(five) years ending on May 22, 2027 and shall not be liable

to retire by rotation.”

11. To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution

as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation

17(1A) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, approval of the Members

of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the continuation

of appointment of Dr. Ashok Misra (DIN: 00006051), as an

Independent Director upto the completion of his present term

ending on March 31, 2024, notwithstanding that he shall be

completing 75 years of age during his present term.”

12. To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution

as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT in suppression of the resolution passed

by the Shareholders on August 29, 2017 and pursuant to

the provisions of Section 197, 198 and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’)

read with the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory

modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in

force), Regulation 17 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, approval of

the members be and is hereby accorded to payment of

commission to Directors other than: Managing

letter, etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to

the Scrutinizer by e-mail to sanjaygrover7@gmail.com or

investors@jubl.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.

co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will

be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the

correct password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical

User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.

nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting

user manual for Shareholders available at the download

section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.:

1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a request to

Mr. Amit Vishal, Senior Manager at evoting@nsdl.co.in

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not

registered with the depositories for procuring user id

and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting

for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please provide

Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share

certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned

copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy

of Aadhar Card) by email to investors@jubl.com or rta@

alankit.com.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide

DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary

ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account

statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card),

AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card)

to investors@jubl.com or rta@alankit.com. If you are an

Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode,

you are requested to refer to the login method explained

at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining

virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode.

3.

Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request

to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password

for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.:

Managing Director (‘CCMD’) of the Company for a period of

5 years effective from April 1, 2017. His current tenure is upto

March 31, 2022.

Pursuant to the Composite Scheme of Arrangement approved

by the National Company Law Tribunal (‘NCLT’) by order dated

December 23, 2020, the Life Science Ingredients business

of the Company has been demerged into Jubilant Ingrevia

Limited effective from February 1, 2021. Due to demerger, the

standalone profit of the Company is likely to be on a lower

side as the Company has its business and profitability in the

subsidiaries and not in the Company itself. On a consolidated

basis, the Company continues on its growth path and has

healthy revenues and profitability.

The aggregate Managerial Remuneration i.e. remuneration of

Mr. Hari S. Bhartia, CCMD and Mr. Arvind Chokhany, Group

Chief Financial Officer and Whole-time Director may exceed

10% of the Standalone net profits of the Company.

Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’), provides

that a company may pay remuneration to any one Managing

Director/ Whole-time Director upto 5% of net profits as

calculated under Section 198 of the Act and if there is more

than one: Managing Director/ Whole-time Director, the Company

may pay remuneration to the Managing Directors/ Whole-time

Directors upto 10% of net profits by obtaining approval of the

shareholders by passing Ordinary Resolution. Remuneration in

excess of 5% or 10%, as applicable, may be paid by obtaining

shareholders’ approval by Special Resolution. Section 197 of

the Act further provides that in case of no profits or inadequate

profits, a company may pay remuneration to the Managing

Director/ Whole-time Director pursuant to Schedule V to

the Act, subject to approval of the shareholders by Special

Resolution which would be valid for a period of 3 years.

Further, Regulation 17(6)(e) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 provides that if

the annual remuneration payable to an executive director who

is a promoter exceeds ` 5 Crore or 2.5% of net profits of the

listed entity, whichever is higher, the same shall be subject to

approval of the shareholders by Special Resolution in general

meeting.

Remuneration of Co-

Managing Director of the Company for a

period of three years with effect from April 1, 2022 on the terms

and conditions including remuneration set out in the Notice.

This is subject to applicable provisions of the Act, rules made

thereunder and approval of the members by way of Special

Resolution.

The Board of Directors recommends the resolution for

reappointment of Mr. Hari S. Bhartia as Co-Chairman and: Managing Director for a period of 3 years effective from April

1, 2022 for approval of the members of the Company by way

of a Special Resolution.

The Board of Directors of the Company shall have the authority

to alter, vary and enhance the remuneration of CCMD during

the tenure of re-appointment, considering the performance of

CCMD, profitability of the Company and other relevant factors.

If the Company has no profit or its profits are inadequate during

the tenure of re-appointment, the remuneration stated in the

Resolution No. 5 (including any revision in the remuneration as

may be approved by the Board of Directors from time to time)

shall be paid as minimum remuneration to CCMD. He shall be

liable to retire by rotation.

Mr. Hari S. Bhartia has rich and varied experience in the industry

and has been involved in the operations of the Company for

over 36 years. Keeping in view his contribution to the growth of

the Company, it would be in the interest of the Company to re-

appoint Mr. Hari S. Bhartia as the Co-

Managing Director.

5.

Remuneration proposed

As mentioned in the resolution.

6.

Comparative remuneration profile with respect

to industry, size of the Company, profile of the

position and person

Keeping in view the profile and the position of

Mr. Hari S. Bhartia and his rich knowledge and

experience, the remuneration is fully justifiable and

comparable to that prevailing in the industry.

7.

Pecuniary relationship, directly or indirectly,

with the Company or relationship with the

managerial personnel, if any

Mr. Hari S. Bhartia holds 3,60,885 equity shares of

the Company. He is related to Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia,

Chairman, being his brother. Mr. Arjun Shanker

Bhartia, Director is his son. He is not related to any

other Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company.

III. OTHER INFORMATION

1.

Reasons of loss or inadequate profits

Please refer the Explanatory Statement above,

pursuant to the provisions of Section 102 of the

Companies Act, 2013 for Item No. 4 and 5.

The Special Resolutions (No. 4 and 5) are proposed

pursuant to Sections 196, 197, 198, 203 of the

Companies Act, 2013 and Schedule V thereto as a

matter of abundant precaution. Due to demerger of

the Life Science Ingredients business, the standalone

profit of the Company is likely to be on a lower side

as the Company has its business and profitability

in the subsidiaries and not in the Company itself.

On a consolidated basis, the Company continues

on its growth path and has healthy revenues and

profitability.

2.

Steps taken or proposed to be taken for

improvement

The management has adopted focused business

strategies in all spheres of business activities to

improve the profitability of the Company.

3.

Expected increase in productivity and profits in

measurable terms

The Company is conscious about improvement in

productivity and continually undertakes measures

to improve its productivity and profitability. The

Management is confident of achieving sustained

revenue growth in the future.

IV. DISCLOSURES

The prescribed disclosures with respect to elements of

remuneration package, details of fixed component and

performance linked incentives, performance criteria,

service contracts, notice period, severance fees and stock

option details of all the Directors, as applicable, are given

in the Corporate Governance section of the Annual Report

for the Financial Year 2020-21.

Memorandum setting out the terms and conditions of re-

appointment including remuneration is available for inspection

electronically without any fee by the members from the date

of circulation of this Notice up to the date of AGM and during

the AGM. Members who wish to inspect the memorandum

can send an email at the e-mail address: investors@jubl.com.

The disclosures prescribed under Regulation 36 of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 read with the provisions of the Secretarial Standard

on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India (‘SS-2’) are provided in Annexure-A of

the Notice.:

Managing Director for approval of the members of the Company

by way of Special Resolutions set out at Item No. 4 and 5.

ITEM NO. 6

In terms of the Appointment and Remuneration Policy of the

Company (the ‘Policy’) and pursuant to the recommendation of

the Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee

(the ‘NRC Committee’), the Board of Directors has appointed

Mr. Pramod Yadav as an Additional Director of the Company,

effective from February 5, 2021. Pursuant to the provisions of

Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’), Mr. Pramod

Yadav holds office upto the date of ensuing AGM and is eligible

for appointment as Director of the Company.

Notice stipulated under Section 160 of the Act has been

received from a member intending to propose the candidature

of Mr. Pramod Yadav for appointment as Director of the

Company. Mr. Yadav has given his consent to act as Director.

He is not disqualified from being appointed as Director in terms

of Section 164 of the Act. He would be liable to retire by rotation.

The Board considers that continued association of Mr. Yadav

would be of immense benefit to the Company and it is desirable

to continue to avail his services as Director of the Company.

The disclosures prescribed under Regulation 36 of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 read with the provisions of the Secretarial Standard

on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India (‘SS-2’) are provided in Annexure-A of

the Notice.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their

relatives except Mr. Pramod Yadav, the proposed appointee,

is concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the

resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the Notice. The Board of

Directors recommends the resolution set out at Item No. 6 of

the Notice for approval of the members by way of Ordinary

Resolution.

ITEM NO. 7 AND 8

In terms of the Appointment and Remuneration Policy of the

Company (the ‘Policy’) and pursuant to the recommendation of

the Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee

(the ‘NRC Committee’), the Board of Directors has appointed

Mr. Arvind Chokhany as an Additional Director of the Company,

effective from April 1, 2021. Pursuant to the provisions of Section

161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’), Mr. Chokhany holds

office upto the date of ensuing Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’)

and is eligible for appointment as Director of the Company.

Notice stipulated under Section 160 of the Act has been

received from a member intending to propose the candidature

of Mr. Arvind Chokhany for appointment as Director of the

Company. Mr. Chokhany has given his consent to act as

Director. He is not disqualified from being appointed as Director

in terms of Section 164 of the Act. He would be liable to retire

by rotation.

Further, in terms of the Policy and pursuant to the

recommendation of the NRC Committee, the Board has

approved the appointment of Mr. Arvind Chokhany as Group

Chief Financial Officer and Whole-time Director (‘Group CFO

& WTD’) of the Company for a period of three years effective

from April 1, 2021 on the terms and conditions including

remuneration set out in the Notice. This is subject to applicable

provisions of the Act, rules made thereunder and approval of

the members by way of Special Resolution.

Pursuant to the Composite Scheme of Arrangement approved

by the National Company Law Tribunal (‘NCLT’) by order dated

December 23, 2020, the Life Science Ingredients business

of the Company has been demerged into Jubilant Ingrevia

Limited effective from February 1, 2021. Due to demerger, the

standalone profit of the Company is likely to be on a lower

side as the Company has its business and profitability in the

subsidiaries and not in the Company itself. On a consolidated

basis, the Company continues on its growth path and has

healthy revenues and profitability.

The aggregate Managerial Remuneration i.e. remuneration of

Mr. Hari S. Bhartia, CCMD and Mr. Arvind Chokhany, Group

CFO & WTD may exceed 10% of the Standalone net profits

of the Company.

Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’), provides

that a company may pay remuneration to any one Managing

Director/ Whole-time Director upto 5% of net profits as

calculated under Section 198 of the Act and if there is more

than one: Managing

Managing Director of the Company,

being his brother. Mr. Priyavrat Bhartia, Director, is son of:

Managing Director of Jubilant Pharmova Limited. He holds

a Bachelors’ degree in Chemical Engineering from the

Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi.

He, together with his brother Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia, is

the Founder and Co-Chairman of Jubilant Bhartia Group

headquartered in Noida, India. The Jubilant Bhartia

Group, has a strong presence in diverse sectors like

Pharmaceuticals, Contract Research and Development

Services, Proprietary Novel Drugs, Life Science

Ingredients, Agri Products, Performance Polymers, Food

Service (QSR), Food, Auto, Consulting in Aerospace

and Oilfield Services. Jubilant Bhartia Group has four

flagship Companies- Jubilant Pharmova Limited, Jubilant

FoodWorks Limited, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited and Jubilant

Industries Limited. He is also the Co-Chairman of Jubilant

Foodworks Limited and Jubilant Ingrevia Limited.

He was conferred the Distinguished Alumni Award from

the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi in 2000. He

has rich industrial experience of over 36 years in the

pharmaceuticals and specialty chemicals, food, oil and gas

(exploration and production) and aerospace sectors and

has been instrumental in developing strategic alliances

and affiliations with leading global companies. He has

been associated in various capacities with the IIT system

and with the Ministry of Human Resource Development,

Government of India.

He is a former President of the Confederation of Indian

Industry (CII) and a member of several educational,

scientific and technological programs of the Government

of India. He is the former Chairman of the Board of

Governors of the Indian Institute of Management (IIM),

Raipur and Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Kanpur. He

currently Chairs the Board of Governors, Indian Institute of

Management, Vishakhapatnam. He is currently Member

of the International Advisory Board of McGill University,

Canada and Chairman of CII-Jubilant Food & Agriculture

Centre of Excellence.

He is a member of several CEO Forums and prominent

being the India-USA CEO Forum and India-France CEO

Forum. He is a regular participant at the World Economic

Forum Annual Meeting in Davos and is a member of

the World Economic Forum’s International Business

Council; Community of Chairpersons; Global Health

and Healthcare Governors Community; Family Business

Community. He was the Co-Chair of the Davos Annual

Meeting of the World Economic Forum 2015. He is also

a Founding Member of Centre for Social and Economic

Progress (CSEP).

He is a strong proponent of Corporate Social Responsibility.

He, along with Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia, established

Jubilant Bhartia Foundation, whose efforts are directed

towards community development with focus on Primary

Education, Basic Healthcare services and Livelihood

generation programs. He is also deeply involved in ‘Social

Entrepreneur of the Year Award - India’, a joint initiative of

Jubilant Bhartia Foundation and Schwab Foundation for

Social Entrepreneurship, with an objective of recognizing

promising and successful social entrepreneurs in India.

His immense contributions have been recognized by

various awards. He, along with Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia,

were felicitated with the Entrepreneur of the Year Award

at the prestigious AIMA Managing India Awards 2013,

presented by the President of India. He also shared with

Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia, Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the

Year Award 2010 for Life Sciences & Consumer Products

category.

He is on the Board of the Company since November 1,

1983. He holds 3,60,885 equity shares of the Company.

He also holds directorships in the following companies/

bodies corporates:

• Jubilant Ingrevia Limited

• Jubilant FoodWorks Limited

• Shriram Pistons and Rings Limited

• Jubilant Bhartia Foundation

• CSEP Research Foundation

• Jubilant Pharma Limited

• Jubilant Therapeutics Inc.

• Jubilant Enpro Private Limited

• Jaytee Private Limited

• Jubilant Securities Private Limited

• BT Telecom India Private Limited

• HSB Trustee Company Private Limited

• HKB Trustee Company Private Limited

• HS Trustee Company Private Limited

• KHB Trustee Company Private Limited

• Global Health Private Limited

• DP Eurasia NV:

Managing Director including remuneration

are given in the Notice of the AGM. During the Financial

Year 2020-21, Mr. Hari S. Bhartia was paid remuneration

of ` 12,18,03,665 including commission of ` 3,30,00,000

payable.

On re-appointment, Mr. Hari S. Bhartia shall be liable to

retire by rotation. He is related to Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia,

Chairman, being his brother. Mr. Arjun Shanker Bhartia,

Director, is his son. He is not related to any other Director

or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

3. Mr. Pramod Yadav

Mr. Pramod Yadav, 57 years, holds a bachelor’s degree

from the Institute of Chemical Technology, University of

Mumbai, formerly known as Department of Chemical

Technology, University of Bombay and a Masters in

Marketing Management from Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of

Management Studies, University of Mumbai, formerly

known as University of Bombay.

He has over 34 years of industry experience. He was the

Executive Committee Member of Indian Chemical Council

(ICC), a member of National Chemicals Committee

for Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce &

Industry (FICCI) and a member of National Committee

on Chemicals for Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).

He has been with Jubilant Group for more than 25 years.

He has previously worked for Garware Paints Limited,

Shalimar Paints Limited and Bhansali Engineering

Polymers Limited.

He is on the Board of the Company since February 5,

2021. He is the Chief Executive Officer and Director of

Jubilant Pharma Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of

the Company. He holds directorships in the following

companies/bodies corporate:

• Jubilant DraxImage Limited

• Jubilant Generics Limited

• Jubilant Pharma Limited

• Jubilant Life Sciences NV

• Sofie Biosciences Inc.

• Jubilant Therapeutics Inc.

• Jubilant Pharma NV

• Jubilant Pharmaceuticals NV

• PSI Supply NV

• Jubilant Draximage Inc.

• Draximage (UK) Limited

• Jubilant Pharma Australia Pty Ltd.

• Jubilant Cadista Pharmaceuticals Inc.

• Jubilant Draximage (USA) Inc.

• Jubilant HollisterStier Inc.

• Jubilant HollisterStier LLC

• Jubilant Pharma Holdings Inc.

• Draxis Pharma LLC

• Jubilant Draximage Radiopharmacies Inc.

• Jubilant Pharma UK Limited:

Managing Director

Vivek Mehra

Independent Director

Priyavrat Bhartia

Director

Arjun Shanker Bhartia

Director

Pramod Yadav

Director

Arun Seth

Independent Director

Arvind Chokhany

Group Chief Financial Officer and

Whole-time Director

02 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21:

Managing Director

35 industry years in pharma, specialty

chemicals, foods, oil and gas, aerospace and IT

41 years of industry experience

Rohini Seth

Chief Human Resources Officer

26 years of industry experience

Arvind Chokhany

Group Chief Financial Officer

and Whole-time Director

25 years of industry experience

Pramod Yadav

CEO -Jubilant Pharma

34 years of industry experience

28 years of industry experience

Syed Kazmi

President & CEO –Jubilant

Therapeutics

Board of Directors | Senior Leadership Team | 03:

Managing Director

04 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21:

Managing Director

Warm regards,

Chairmen’s Message | 07:

Letter in March 2019. The

Company is engaging with the agency and is taking help

from consultants to resolve the import alert at the earliest

and ensure cGMP compliance. The agency has exempted

Meclizine tablets, Olanzapine orally disintegrating tablets,

Risperidone orally disintegrating tablets, Spironolactone

tablets and Valsartan tablets from the import alert subject

to the Company meeting a few conditions. The products

that get impacted due to the import alert contributed to less

than 3% of FY 2021 total revenues for the Company.

As of 31st March 2021, the business had 54 commercialised

products, including 25 in US, 15 in Canada, 29 in Europe,

and 32 in RoW. Also, we filed a total of 98 ANDA filings in

US, 39 in Europe, 24 in Canada and 42 filings in other RoW

countries so far. Additionally, we have received 61 ANDA

approvals in the US, 33 in Europe, 23 in Canada and 40 in

RoW markets.

Revenue growth during the year was aided by the launch

of Remdesivir in India and other lincensed countries

and strong market position in select products in the US

market. The Total revenue from this business in FY 2021 was

₹ 14,763 million as compared to ₹ 11,593 million in

FY 2020.

We are expanding our product portfolio in oral solids and

certain niches in Novel Drug Delivery System (NDDS) with

an objective to increase the contribution to revenue as we

grow beyond the traditional regulated markets. Our aim is

to enhance our focus in the key RoW markets, wherein

we foresee significant growth opportunities. Currently,

we have obtained approvals in the key markets of Asia

and Africa— including South Africa, Philippines, and

Malaysia, and a number of these approved products are

already commercialised. In Latin America, Middle East,

and Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) markets,

our growth will be driven by new filings and new product

launches in key markets, including UAE, Chile and Brazil.

Further, we continue to expand our operations in Europe,

which has been a consistent revenue contributor for our

global business over the year. UK continues to be a key

growth market where we have established our subsidiary

and are strengthening our team and product portfolio. We

have built a strong base with more than 35 customers

in Europe and we are continuously strengthening our

product portfolio with them. Our businesses in Canada and

Australia are expected to see significant growth based on

new launches and new partnerships.

In our Generics business, we are witnessing pricing

pressure in some of the product categories in the US

market. In the US market, we plan to launch new products

via in-licensing and contract manufacturing and are working

towards expansion of geographical reach in new markets.

Contract Research and Development Services

Segment

The Contract Research and Development Services (CRDS)

segment provides Drug Discovery and Development

services under Jubilant Biosys Limited and Electronic

Data Capture (EDC) software for clinical trials under

the TrialStat brand. Jubilant Biosys Limited operates

from Bengaluru and Noida offering integrated as well as

functional drug discovery and development services to

global innovators. Total revenue from this business in

FY 2021 was ₹ 3,052 million compared to ₹ 2,515 million in

FY 2020.

14 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21:

Letter in March 2019. The Company is engaging

with the agency and is taking help from consultants to

resolve the import alert at the earliest and ensure cGMP

compliance. The Jubilant DraxImage business unit

underwent an inspection by Health Canada in January of

2021, which resulted in a Compliant rating.

The Jubilant Radiopharma division operates 48

compounding nuclear pharmacies (Radiopharmacies)

and three Positron Emission Tomography (PET) drug

manufacturing facilities across twenty-two states in the

US. Our products are viewed as reliable and trusted in the

industry, as we procure, prepare and deliver the highest

quality FDA-approved products, and fully support and

comply with State Boards of Pharmacy (BOP) and USP

compounding standards. Our pharmacies are ‘open

formulary’, providing customers with a full array of options

that allow clinicians to achieve the greatest benefits for their

patients.

The regulatory standards for compounding radiopharmacy

facilities have been undergoing constant and stringent

changes over the past few years. During the end of the

financial year on 31st March, 2021, many of our facilities

underwent successful inspections by multiple regulatory

agencies, including the State Boards of Pharmacy, USFDA,

State Departments of Health and Radiation Safety, and

Environmental Protection Agency.

No major observations were noted during the course of 69

regulatory inspections within the financial year. All minor

observations during inspections have been corrected and

confirmed as per the requisite standards. The business

has a good compliance history and good standing with

regulatory agencies.

We always strive to stay ahead of

the curve to ensure compliance

with regulations while meeting

patient needs. As the financial year

ended on 31st March, 2021, our

facilities were inspected by various

regulatory authorities from US,

Canada, Brazil and India among

others.

24 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21:

Letter to the Roorkee facility in March, 2019. As a

result, supplies of the approved products to USA will continue

while approvals of the pending applications or supplements

may be withheld. In October 2019, the USFDA conducted an

inspection of the Roorkee facility and issued a Form 483 with

six observations. JGL has responded to the observations with

necessary corrective and preventive actions. JGL has engaged

independent third party cGMP consultants to mitigate the gaps

identified by the USFDA and is keeping the USFDA updated

on its corrective and preventive actions. During the Financial

Year 2019-20, TGA, Australia also inspected the Roorkee

facility and provided GMP compliant certificate with a compliant

rating “A1(Good)”. In March 2021, the USFDA conducted an

inspection of the Roorkee facility and issued a Form 483 with

seven observations. JGL has responded to the observations

with necessary corrective and preventive actions.

JGL continues manufacturing of the approved products at

both Nanjangud and Roorkee facilities and distribution thereof

globally, including US, and is committed to implement the

necessary corrective actions required to address the USFDA

concerns at the earliest.

During the Financial Year 2020-21, Jubilant entered into a

non-exclusive voluntary licensing agreement with Gilead to

register, manufacture and sell Gilead’s investigational drug

Remdesivir in 127 countries including India, as a potential

therapy for COVID-19 treatment. After getting approval from

the Drug Controller General of India to manufacture and market

the antiviral drug Remdesivir, JGL successfully launched the

lyophilized injection under its own brand name “JUBI-R”. JGL

was also able to manufacture in-house Remdesivir API.

Despite the challenges due to COVID 19 pandemic, JGL has

been able to strongly withstand the intermittent operating

challenges and continues to run its operations with appropriate

precautionary measures. Total income of the company during

the Financial Year 2020-21 was ` 14,771.53 million as compared

to ` 11,670.19 million during the Financial Year 2019-20.

Directors’ Report | 47:

Managing Director of the Company for a period of 3 years

effective from April 1, 2022 subject to approval of shareholders

at the ensuing AGM.

The tenure of Mr. Sushil Kumar Roongta and Mr. Vivek Mehra

as Independent Directors shall expire on May 22, 2022. The

Board has, at its meeting held on June 4, 2021, recommended

re-appointment of Mr. Sushil Kumar Roongta and Mr. Vivek

Mehra as Independent Directors for another term of 5

consecutive years effective from May 23, 2022 for approval of

Shareholders at the ensuing AGM. In the opinion of the Board,

Mr. Sushil Kumar Roongta and Mr. Vivek Mehra possess the

requisite expertise, integrity, experience and proficiency for

re-appointment as Independent Directors of the Company.

Consequent to demerger of the Life Science Ingredients

business of the Company into Jubilant Ingrevia Limited, the

50 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21:

Managing Director (CCMD) and the Corporate Committee.

To improve the controls in operations, we have established, for

each line of business, the concept of financial decision making

through operational committees. The entire purchase, credit

control and capital expenditure decisions are taken jointly in

committees.

A detailed note on Internal Control Systems and Risk

Management is given under ‘Management Discussion and

Analysis Report’.

HUMAN RESOURCES

In the midst of the crisis presented by COVID-19 pandemic,

our attempt has been to let our actions be guided by our core

philosophy of Caring, Sharing, and Growing. Uppermost in our

agenda is the health and safety of our people while maintaining

business continuity.

We put all safety and precautionary measures in place at all

our workplaces, supported employees and their family with the

necessary resources and assistance, established mechanisms

for a personal and daily connect with all those effected. To

maintain business continuity, we established safe boarding and

meals within the workplace which also prevented exposure of

the employees to COVID-19. Work from home was encouraged.

This demanded a new Mindset, Discipline, Self-governance and

Protocols. Training and toolkits to employees and managers

were provided to make work from home effective. Sessions on

Mindfulness, Yoga, Meditation, and Resilience were regularly

conducted to assist employees in managing their emotional

and mental well-being.

In the midst of the pandemic, we continued to focus on our talent

strategy and our annual exercise of identification of successors

for key positions through in-depth, rigorous discussions and

application of a uniform potential assessment methodology.

A meritocratic, growth oriented culture is key to an organisation’s

sustainable growth. We benchmarked our Performance

Management process, critically examined its effectiveness,

transparency and simplicity. We launched a renewed, upgraded

and contemporary Performance Management Process and

backed it up with employee communication and training.

Towards the same objective, we revisited our Promotion Policy

and introduced role based promotions.

Within the first quarter, we revisited our learning strategy and

shifted all our learning programs to a Virtual Instructor led

training (VILT) or to eLearning. Our annual learning calendar

was replaced by a Quarterly program calendar. The monthly

“Leader Speak” series continued to provide our employees

opportunities to learn from the best internal and external leaders

and subject matter experts. Besides the internal speakers,

we had T.N. Hari from Big Basket, R Gopalakrishnan, Patti

Sanchez, Dr. Pavan Soni who spoke on topics ranging from

managing a crisis, communication, self-leadership and design

thinking. We upgraded our eLearning from 100 courses to 3000

courses across topics of business, functional management

and leadership skills to hone and foster a culture of continuous

learning in the organisation. The Learning Management

System has about 80% employee usage. Additionally, we

have mandatory programs for employees on the Code of

Conduct, Whistle Blower Policy and Policy on Prevention of

Sexual Harassment at workplace to reinforce our commitment

to governance and adherence to the code of conduct and fair

business practices. The Company has constituted Internal

Complaints Committee in compliance with the provisions of

the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,

Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.

The Chairmen Annual Awards, the highest and most prestigious

awards at Jubilant were conducted over a digital platform this

year. The ceremony telecasted at the same time across India

and North America brought all of us to a common platform to

applaud our achievers.

Using digital to simply do what you already do, but just better,

falls into four categories i.e. cost reduction, improved customer

service, new revenue sources, and better decision making.

After digitizing the key processes of Talent Acquisition (‘TA’) in

FY 2020, Global TA analytics with more than 35 data reports

were put in place. On a click of a button, one can see the TA

process health across the globe and can take faster and better

decisions. Further, our global analytics help in maintaining

data integrity, ensuring better process governance and control,

enhancing processes and delivering higher productivity.

In addition to the above, we launched gamified social “Refer

a Friend” tool in North America for deeper reach in the talent

Directors’ Report | 53:

Managing Director

confirming the same is attached to the Corporate Governance

Report.

A certificate from the CEO and CFO confirming correctness of

the financial statements, adequacy of internal control measures,

etc. is also attached to the Corporate Governance Report.

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

REPORT

The Management Discussion and Analysis Report on the

operations of the Company as provided under the Listing

Regulations has been given separately and forms part of this

Report.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

Your Directors acknowledge with gratitude the co-operation

and assistance received from the Central and State

Government authorities. Your Directors thank the shareholders,

debentureholders, financial institutions, banks/ other lenders,

debenture trustees, customers, vendors and other business

associates for their confidence in the Company and its

management and look forward to their continued support.

The Board wishes to place on record its appreciation for the

dedication and commitment of the Company’s employees at

all levels, which has continued to be our major strength. We

look forward to their continued support in the future.

For and on behalf of the Board

Shyam S. Bhartia

Hari S. Bhartia

Chairman

Co-Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

121,803,665

(3.10)

22.25

3

Mr. S Sridhar,

Non-Executive Independent Director

1,475,000

(3.28)

0.27

4

Ms. Sudha Pillai,

Non-Executive Independent Director

1,505,000

(3.21)

0.27

5

Dr. Ashok Misra,

Non-Executive Independent Director

1,395,000

(0.71)

0.25

6

Mr. Sushil Kumar Roongta,

Non-Executive Independent Director

1,435,000

8.71

0.26

7

Mr. Vivek Mehra,

Non-Executive Independent Director

1,455,000

(1.69)

0.27

8

Mr. Arun Seth,

Non-Executive Independent Director

1,315,000

1.94

0.24

9

Mr. Priyavrat Bhartia,

Non-Executive Director

-

-

-

10

Mr. Arjun Shanker Bhartia,

Non-Executive Director

-

-

-

11

Mr. Pramod Yadav,

Non-Executive Director

-

-

-

12

Mr. Rajesh Kumar Srivastava,

Whole-time Director

40,763,556

2.29

7.45

13

Mr. Anant Pande,

Whole-time Director

22,367,099

4.77

4.09

14

Mr. Alok Vaish,

Chief Financial Officer

15,931,581

-

Not Applicable

15

Mr. Rajiv Shah,

Company Secretary

10,933,613

12.86

Not Applicable

Notes:

1.

Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia, Chairman, Mr. Priyavrat Bhartia, Mr. Arjun Shanker Bhartia and Mr. Pramod Yadav, Non-

Executive Directors have opted not to take commission and sitting fees for the Financial Year 2020-21.

2.

Remuneration of Mr. Hari S. Bhartia includes commission payable, which is lower compared to the previous year due

to lower profits.

3.

Mr. Pramod Yadav has been appointed as Non-Executive Director effective from February 5, 2021.

4.

Mr. Rajesh Kumar Srivastava and Mr. Anant Pande have resigned as Directors and Whole-time Directors effective

from the close of working hours of February 5, 2021 pursuant to their appointment in Jubilant Ingrevia Limited (‘JVL’)

on account of demerger of the Life Science Ingredients business of the Company into JVL.

5.

Mr. Alok Vaish was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer-Designate effective from October 25, 2019. He was appointed

as Chief Financial Officer of the Company in the category of Key Managerial Personnel effective from April 1, 2020. He

resigned from the services of the Company effective from September 11, 2020.

Annexure 3

Particulars Prescribed Under Section 197(12) Of The Act Read With The Companies

(Appointment And Remuneration Of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014

Directors’ Report | 63:

Managing Director

IIT Delhi - Chemical

Engineering

39

1-Jan-82

64

121,803,665

-

-

7

Praveen Kumar

Gupta

Senior VP & Head-

Direct Taxation

FCA, FCS, LL.B.

24

25-Jan-05

47

16,976,908

DGM Taxation

Ballarpur Industries

Limited

8

Rajesh Kumar

Srivastava

Whole-time Director

B.Tech., MMM

34

19-Aug-00

56

40,763,556

Marketing Manager

Ranbaxy Fine

Chemicals Limited

9

Rohini Seth

Chief of Human

Resources

Masters in

HR, Bachelor

(Economics)

26

01-Jul-20

51

16,666,936

HR Director

Diageo - UK

64 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21:

Managing Director

Chairman - Sustainability & CSR Committee

(DIN: 00010499)

(DIN: 00006051)

70 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21:

letter as well as in spirit.

Highlights of Jubilant’s Corporate Governance

regime are:

•

Appropriate mix of Executive and Non-Executive

Directors on the Board;

•

Constitution of several committees for focused

attention and proactive flow of information;

•

Emphasis on ethical business conduct by the Board,

management and employees;

•

Employees Stock Option Plans - to attract, reward

and retain key senior executives;

•

Active employee participation in place; one top

executive on the Board of Directors;

•

Our business operates within a highly regulated

environment and ensuring compliances play a vital

role in the development of all businesses. In order

to address this requirement, the Company has

implemented cloud based compliance management

and reporting system across key entities at North

America and India locations.

•

Online monitoring of internal controls on all operations

spanning more than 1,500 control assertions through

a specially designed software to institutionalise a

quarterly system of certification to enable CEO/CFO

certification of internal controls as per Regulation

17(8) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (the ‘Listing Regulations’);

•

Robust Risk Management and Control Mapping for

each of the businesses and for the Company as a

whole;

•

Timely, transparent and regular disclosures;

•

Paperless meetings of Board and Committees;

•

Comprehensive

Corporate

Sustainability

Management System;

•

Established Code of Conduct for Directors and

Senior Management as also for other employees;

•

Robust Vigil Mechanism and Ombudsperson

Process;

•

Detailed Policy for Disclosure of Material Events and

Information;

•

Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading;

•

Focus on hiring, retaining and nurturing best talent

and to promote a culture of excellence across

the organisation. Exhaustive HR policies cover

succession planning, training and development,

employee grievance handling, etc.; and

•

Regular communication with shareholders including

e-mailing of quarterly results and press releases just

after release to the Stock Exchanges, e-mailing of

Annual Reports and Corporate Sustainability Reports

and obtaining online feedback from the shareholders.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (‘SEBI’)

regulates Corporate Governance practices and disclosure

for the listed companies through the Listing Regulations.

Jubilant is in full compliance with the Listing Regulations.

B) BOARD OF DIRECTORS

(i)

Composition

The Board of Jubilant presently comprises twelve

members of which six are Non-Executive Independent

Directors including an Independent Woman Director,

four Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors and

one: Managing

Managing Director

and Mr. Arvind Chokhany, Group Chief Financial Officer

and Whole-time Director are permanent invitees to the

NRC Committee meetings.

(iii) Meetings, Quorum and Attendance

The Committee meets as frequently as circumstances

necessitate with atleast one meeting in a year. The

quorum for the meetings is two members or one-third

of members, whichever is greater including atleast one

Independent Director.

During the year, the Committee met three times i.e. on

May 29, 2020, September 4, 2020 and February 5, 2021.

Attendance details of the members are given in the table

below:

Name of the Committee Member

Meetings Held

During Tenure

Meetings

Attended

Ms. Sudha Pillai, Chairperson

3

3

Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia

3

3

Mr. Sushil Kumar Roongta

3

3

Mr. Vivek Mehra

3

3

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

The Stakeholders Relationship Committee oversees various

aspects of interest of security holders like review of adherence

to the service standards adopted for shareholder services,

measures taken for reducing the quantum of unclaimed

dividends, redressal of shareholder and investor grievances

and related matters in accordance with the provisions of the

Act and Regulation 20 read with Part D of Schedule II to the

Listing Regulations. Additionally, the Board has authorised the

Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary to jointly

exercise the powers of approving transfer/ transmission of

shares. Normally, transfers/ transmissions are approved once

in a fortnight.

(i)

Terms of Reference

The role of the Committee is:

1.

Resolving grievances of the security holders of the

Company including complaints related to transfer/

transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report,

non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/

duplicate certificates, general meetings, etc.

2.

Review of measures taken for effective exercise of

voting rights by the shareholders.

3.

Review of adherence to the service standards

adopted by the Company in respect of various

services being rendered by the Registrar & Share

Transfer Agent.

4.

Review of various measures and initiatives taken by

the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed

dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend

warrants/annual reports/ statutory notices by the

shareholders of the Company.

5.

To discharge any other duties or responsibilities as

may be prescribed by law or as may be delegated

by the Board from time to time.

(ii) Composition

As on date, the Committee comprises Mr. S Sridhar,

Chairman, Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia, Dr. Ashok Misra, Mr. Arun

Seth and Mr. Arvind Chokhany. Mr. Arvind Chokhany has

been appointed as a member of the Committee effective

from April 1, 2021.

Compliance Officer

Mr. Rajiv Shah, Company Secretary and Compliance

Officer, officiates as the Secretary to the Committee.

(iii) Meetings, Quorum and Attendance

The Committee meets as frequently as circumstances

necessitate with atleast one meeting in a year. The

quorum for the meetings is two members or one-third of

members, whichever is higher.

During the year, the Committee met on May 29, 2020. All

members attended the meeting.

(iv) Investor Complaints

During the year, the Company received 10 complaints,

which were duly resolved to the satisfaction of the

shareholders. No complaint was pending as on March

31, 2021.

(v) Transfers and Transmissions approved

During the year, the Company received 45 cases

representing 28,570 shares for share transfer/

transmission, of which, 40 cases representing 25,130

shares were approved and 5 cases representing 3,440

shares were rejected on technical grounds.

The Company had 63,440 shareholders as on March 31,

2021.

Report on Corporate Governance | 79:

Managing Director and Whole-time Directors are contractual. Appointment of Whole-time Directors is

terminable on 3 months’ notice or by payment of Basic Salary in lieu thereof. No severance fee is payable to Managing

Director and Whole-time Directors.

(ii) Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors

The Company considers the time and efforts put in by the Non-Executive Directors in deliberations at the Board/

Committee meetings. They are remunerated by way of sitting fees for attending the meetings and commission on

profit, as approved by the Board and shareholders of the Company.

Details of Equity Shares held, commission and sitting fees of the Non-Executive Directors for the year ended March

31, 2021 are given in the table below:

Name of Director

No. of Equity Shares of ` 1 held

Sitting Fees (`)

Commission Payable (`)

Total (`)

Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia

1,399,925

-

-

-

Mr. S Sridhar

Nil

475,000

1,000,000

1,475,000

Ms. Sudha Pillai

Nil

505,000

1,000,000

1,505,000

Dr. Ashok Misra

Nil

395,000

1,000,000

1,395,000

Mr. Sushil Kumar Roongta

Nil

435,000

1,000,000

1,435,000

Mr. Vivek Mehra

Nil

455,000

1,000,000

1,455,000

Mr. Arun Seth

2,000

315,000

1,000,000

1,315,000

Mr. Priyavrat Bhartia

3,085

–

–

–

Mr. Arjun Shanker Bhartia

Nil

–

–

–

Mr. Pramod Yadav

Nil

–

–

–

Total

1,405,010

2,580,000

6,000,000

8,580,000

Notes:

1.

Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia, Chairman, Mr. Priyavrat Bhartia, Mr. Arjun Shanker Bhartia and Mr. Pramod Yadav, Directors

have opted not to take commission and sitting fees for the Financial Year 2020-21.

2.

Other than holding Shares and remuneration indicated above, the Non-Executive Directors did not have any

pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company during the year.

84 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21:

Managing Director is enclosed

as Annexure-B. The Code of Conduct is posted on the Company’s website www.jubilantpharmova.com.

Report on Corporate Governance | 85:

letter dated

August 6, 2020.

1,247.50

India Ratings &

Research

IND AA

Rating Watch

Evolving

Rating has been maintained

on RWE by India Ratings &

Research vide: letter dated

October 29, 2020.

2

Non-

Convertible

Debentures

3,95.00

India Ratings &

Research

WD

Rating has been withdrawn

vide letter dated August 6,

2020.

Report on Corporate Governance | 93

letter dated August 6,

2020.

CRISIL

Withdrawn

Rating has been withdrawn

vide: letter dated April 8, 2020.

4

Bank Loan

Facilities

(Long Term)

510.00

CRISIL

CRISIL AA

Rating Watch

with Developing

Implications

Rating has been assigned

vide letter dated April 8, 2020

CRISIL

CRISIL AA

Rating Watch

with Developing

Implications

Rating continues on Rating

Watch with Developing

Implications by CRISIL

Limited vide Rating Rationale

dated May 29, 2020.

CRISIL

CRISIL AA

Rating Watch

with Developing

Implications

Rating continues on Rating

Watch with Developing

Implications by CRISIL

Limited vide letter dated

August 28, 2020.

CRISIL

CRISIL AA

Rating Watch

with Developing

Implications

Rating continues on Rating

Watch with Developing

Implications by CRISIL

Limited vide letter dated

November 11, 2020.

5

Non-

Convertible

Debentures

100.00

CRISIL

CRISIL AA

Rating Watch

with Developing

Implications

Rating has been assigned by

CRISIL Limited vide Rating

letter dated May 29, 2020

CRISIL

CRISIL AA

Rating Watch

with Developing

Implications

Rating reaffirmed by CRISIL

Limited vide letter dated

August 28, 2020.

CRISIL

CRISIL AA

Rating Watch

with Developing

Implications

Rating reaffirmed by CRISIL

Limited vide letter dated

November 11, 2020.

6

Commercial

Paper

400.00

India Ratings &

Research

IND A1+

Rating Watch

Evolving

Rating is maintained on

INDA1+/RWE by India

Ratings & Research vide

letter dated August 6, 2020.

India Ratings &

Research

WD

Rating has been withdrawn

by India Ratings & Research

vide letter dated October 29,

2020.

CRISIL

CRISIL A1+

-

Rating reaffirmed by CRISIL

Limited vide letter dated April

8, 2020

CRISIL

CRISIL A1+

-

Rating reaffirmed by CRISIL

Limited vide Rating Rational

dated May 29, 2020.

CRISIL

CRISIL A1+

-

Rating reaffirmed by CRISIL

Limited vide letter dated

August 28, 2020.

CRISIL

CRISIL A1+

-

Rating reaffirmed by CRISIL

Limited vide letter dated

November 11, 2020.

Notes:

1.

Non-Convertible Debentures of ` 395 Crore and ` 350 Crore were redeemed on January 7, 2020 alongwith

accrued interest thereon.

2.

Non-Convertible Debentures of ` 100 Crore were transfered to JVL pursuant to the Composite Scheme of

Arrangement.

(xxii)Equity Shares in Suspense Account

Pursuant to Clause 5A of the erstwhile Listing Agreement (corresponding to Schedule VI to the Listing Regulations),

shareholders holding shares in physical form and not having claimed share certificates were sent three reminder

letters requesting them to claim their equity shares. In terms of the aforesaid clause, equity shares which remained

unclaimed were transferred in the year 2012 to Jubilant Pharmova Limited-Unclaimed Suspense Account. Details

required under Schedule V(F) of the Listing Regulations are given below:

94 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21

Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer, is enclosed as Annexure-D which, inter alia, certifies

to the Board about accuracy of the financial statements and adequacy of internal controls for the financial reporting

purpose.

For and on behalf of the Board

Shyam S. Bhartia

Hari S. Bhartia

Chairman

Co-Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

Certificate By Practicing Company Secretary On Compliance With The Conditions Of Corporate

Governance As Per Schedule V(E) Of The Listing Regulations

To,

The Members of

Jubilant Pharmova Limited

CIN: L24116UP1978PLC004624

Bhartiagram, Gajraula

District Amroha - 244223

Uttar Pradesh, India

1.

We have examined the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance by Jubilant Pharmova Limited (the ‘Company’)

for the Financial Year ended on March 31, 2021, as stipulated under Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of sub regulation

(2) of Regulation 46 and para C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

2.

The compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management. Our examination

has been limited to the review of the procedures and implementations thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the

compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial

statements of the Company.

3.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and the representation

made by the directors and the management, we certify that the Company has complied with the mandatory conditions of

Corporate Governance as stipulated under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

4.

We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency

or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For TVA & Co. LLP

Company Secretaries

Date: June 4, 2021

Tanuj Vohra

Place: Delhi

Partner

M. No.: F5621, C.P. No.: 5253

UDIN: F005621C000419091

RP L2015UP000900

Annexure B

Annexure C

Report on Corporate Governance | 97:

Managing Director

Annexure D

98 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21:

Managing Director

www.jubilantpharmova.com

Climate Change Mitigation and

Energy Conservation Policy

Chairman and Co-Chairman &: Managing Director

www.jubilantpharmova.com

Environment, Health and

Safety Policy

Managing Director

(‘CCMD’) is the highest Executive Officer of the Company. He

belongs to the promoter group and along with the Chairman,

has led the Company to its present growth and success. The

Chief Executive Officers (‘CEOs’) of various businesses of

the Company are responsible for smooth functioning of their

respective businesses. They are responsible for development

of business strategies keeping in view the interests of all the

stakeholders. The business strategies and plans are reviewed

during the Annual Strategy Meet by the Chairman, CCMD,

Group Chief Financial Officer and Whole time Director,

Chief Financial Officer and CEOs.

Board Committees for effective governance: To focus effectively

on the issues and to ensure expedient resolution of diverse

matters, the Board has constituted several Committees with

clearly defined terms of reference and scope. The Committee

members are appointed by the Board with the consent of the

individual Directors. Committees of the Board are:

•

Audit Committee

•

Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee

•

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

•

Sustainability & CSR Committee

•

Risk Management Committee

•

Restructuring Committee

•

Capital Issue Committee

•

Finance Committee

•

Fund Raising Committee

Codes and Policies: The Company has a detailed framework

of codes and policies framed by the Board in compliance with

the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the ‘Listing

Regulations’). Following are the salient codes and policies

which provide broad guidelines for smooth and transparent

functioning of the Board and the Company:

•

Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management

•

Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading

•

Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of

Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (‘UPSI’)

•

Policy and Procedure for inquiry in case of leak or

suspected leak of UPSI

•

Policy for Determining Materiality of Events and Information

•

Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transactions and

Dealing with Related Party Transactions

•

Corporate Social Responsibility Policy

•

Policy on Board Diversity

•

Succession Plan for Board Members and Senior

Management

•

Performance Evaluation Policy

•

Appointment and Remuneration Policy

•

Whistle Blower Policy

•

Policy for Determining Material Subsidiaries

•

Dividend Distribution Policy

•

Policy for Preservation of Documents

•

Archival Policy

•

Risk Management Policy

•

Policy on Prevention of Sexual Harassment

•

Code of Conduct for Employees on issues like prohibition

of child labour, forced & compulsory labour, non-

discrimination, anti-bribery & corruption, preventing

money laundering and others.

At Jubilant, good governance is a tradition and a way of life

and ‘Our Promise’ and ‘Our Vision’ set the overall direction for

corporate governance of the Company. The Vision, Values

and Promise statements of the Company are adopted by the

businesses and all other functions of the Company. In addition

to the above mentioned policies framed by the Board, there are

several other policies adopted by the Company for ensuring

effective corporate governance in regular operations. These

include:

•

Sustainability Policy

•

Climate Change Mitigation and Energy Conservation

Policy

•

Environment, Health and Safety Policy

Principle 2: Businesses should provide goods and

services that are safe and contribute to sustainability

throughout their life cycle

Sustainability of Products and Services across Life-

Cycle

Jubilant Pharmova Limited is engaged in pharmaceuticals,

contract research and development services and proprietary

novel drugs businesses. Pharmaceuticals business through

Jubilant Pharma Limited Singapore (JPL) is engaged in

104 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21:

Managing Director

Membership No.: 095037

DIN:00010484

DIN: 00010499

Arun Kumar Sharma

Rajiv Shah

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 4 June 2021

Date: 4 June 2021:

Managing Director

Membership No.: 095037

DIN:00010484

DIN: 00010499

Arun Kumar Sharma

Rajiv Shah

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 4 June 2021

Date: 4 June 2021

(` in million)

Notes

For the year ended

31 March 2021

31 March 2020

Revenue from operations

21

27,094.98

31,399.02

Other income

22

478.81

1,732.32

Total income

27,573.79

33,131.34

Expenses

Cost of materials consumed

23

13,289.21

16,832.87

Purchases of stock-in-trade

24

662.31

1,094.55

Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-progress

25

552.09

(1,083.15)

Employee benefits expense

26

2,206.72

2,649.04

Finance costs

27

1,018.00

1,361.97

Depreciation and amortisation expense

28

999.71

1,073.97

Other expenses

29

6,114.08

8,196.68

Total expenses

24,842.12

30,125.93

Profit before exceptional items and tax

2,731.67

3,005.41

Exceptional items

51

-

17.03

Profit before tax

2,731.67

2,988.38

Tax expense

30

- Current tax

454.44

261.31

- Deferred tax charge/(credit)

132.48

(484.34)

Total tax expense/(benefit)

586.92

(223.03)

Profit for the year

2,144.75

3,211.41

Other comprehensive (loss)/income

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

Changes in fair value of equity investments which are classified at fair value through

other comprehensive income (OCI)

(10.38)

0.85

Remeasurement of defined benefit obligations

(10.88)

(30.22)

Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

30

3.80

10.56

Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax

(17.46)

(18.81)

Total comprehensive income for the year

2,127.29

3,192.60

Earnings per equity share of ` 1 each

53

Basic (`)

13.47

20.16

Diluted (`)

13.47

20.16:

Managing Director

Membership No.: 095037

DIN:00010484

DIN: 00010499

Arun Kumar Sharma

Rajiv Shah

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 4 June 2021

Date: 4 June 2021

Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended 31 March 2021 (Continued):

Managing Director

Membership No.: 095037

DIN:00010484

DIN: 00010499

Arun Kumar Sharma

Rajiv Shah

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 4 June 2021

Date: 4 June 2021

(` in million)

For the year ended

31 March 2021

31 March 2020

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)

46.87

780.04

Add: cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year

967.02

186.98

Cash and cash equivalents transferred pursuant to the Composite Scheme (refer note 32)

(610.67)

-

Cash and cash equivalents received pursuant to the Composite Scheme (refer note 32)

0.05

-

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (Refer note 12 (a)).

403.27

967.02

Notes:

1.

Statement of Cash Flows has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in the Ind AS 7 “Statement of Cash

Flows”.

2.

During the year, the Company paid in cash ` 58.30 million (31 March 2020: ` 44.40 million) towards corporate social

responsibility (CSR) expenditure (refer note 43(a)).

3.

For non-cash transaction pursuant to the Composite Scheme, refer note 32.:

Managing Director (CCMD) of the Company are responsible

for allocating resources and assessing performance of the

operating segments, and accordingly, identified as the chief

operating decision maker. Revenues, expenses, assets and

liabilities, which are common to the enterprise as a whole

and are not allocable to segments on a reasonable basis,

have been treated as “unallocated revenues/ expenses/

assets/ liabilities”, as the case may be.

(r)

Foreign currency translation

(i)

Functional and presentation currency

The functional currency of the Company is the Indian

rupee. These financial statements are presented in Indian

rupees.

(ii) Transactions and balances

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the

functional currency using the exchange rates at the dates

of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses

resulting from the settlement of such transactions and

from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities

denominated in foreign currencies at balance sheet date

exchange rates are generally recognised in Statement of

Profit and Loss.

Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in

a foreign currency are translated using the exchange

rates at the date when the fair value was determined.

Translation differences on assets and liabilities carried at

fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss.

For example, translation differences on non-monetary

assets such as equity investments classified as FVOCI

are recognised in other comprehensive income (OCI).

(s) Government grants

Grants from the government are recognised at their fair

value where there is a reasonable assurance that the

grant will be received and the Company will comply with

all attached conditions.

Government grants relating to income are deferred and

recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss over the

period necessary to match them with the costs that they

are intended to compensate and presented within other

operating revenue.

Government grants relating to the purchase of property,

plant and equipment are included in non-current liabilities

as deferred income and are credited to Statement of Profit

and Loss on a straight-line basis over the expected lives

of the related assets and presented within other income.

(t)

Earnings per share

(i)

Basic earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

• the profit attributable to owners of the Company

• by the weighted average number of equity shares

outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus

elements in equity shares issued during the year.

(ii) Diluted earnings per share

Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in

the determination of basic earnings per share to take into

account:

• the after income tax effect of interest and other financing

costs associated with dilutive potential equity shares,

and

• the weighted average number of additional equity

shares that would have been outstanding assuming

the conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares

Notes to the financial statements

for the year ended 31 March 2021 (Continued):

Managing Director of the Company have been identified as the Chief Operating Decision

Maker (CODM) as defined by Ind AS 108, Operating Segments. Operating Segments have been defined and presented based on

the regular review by the CODM to assess the performance of each segment and to make decision about allocation of resources.

Accordingly, the Company has determined reportable segment by nature of its products and services, which are as follows:

a.

Life Sciences Ingredients#: (i) Specialty Intermediates, (ii) Nutritional Products and (iii) Life Science Chemicals.

b.

Pharmaceuticals^: India Branded Pharmaceuticals.

The Company prepares its segment information in conformity with the accounting policies adopted for preparing and presenting

the financial statements of the Company as a whole.

No operating segments have been aggregated to form the above reportable operating segments.

Common allocable costs are allocated to each segment according to the relative contribution of each segment to the total

common costs.

Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities which relate to the Company as a whole and not allocable to segments on reasonable

basis have been included under ‘unallocated revenue / expenses / assets / liabilities’.

Finance costs and fair value gains and losses on financial assets are not allocated to individual segments as the underlying

instruments are managed on a Company basis.

Borrowings, current taxes, deferred taxes and certain financial assets and liabilities are not allocated to the segments and have

been included under ‘unallocated assets / liabilities’.

Information related to each reportable segment is set out below. Segment results (profit/(loss) before interest and tax) is used

to measure performance because management believes that this information is most relevant in evaluating the results of the

respective segments relative to other entities that operate in the same industries.

(` in million)

For the year ended 31 March 2021

For the year ended 31 March 2020

Total segment

revenue

Inter-segment

revenue

Revenue from

external customer

Total segment

revenue

Inter-segment

revenue

Revenue from

external customer

Revenue

Life Science Ingredients#

27,094.98

-

27,094.98

31,109.84

-

31,109.84

Pharmaceuticals^

-

-

-

289.18

-

289.18

Total segment revenue

27,094.98

-

27,094.98

31,399.02

-

31,399.02

(` in million)

For the year ended

31 March 2021

31 March 2020

Result

Life Science Ingredients#

3,814.97

3,161.57

Pharmaceuticals^

-

(98.23)

Total segment result

3,814.97

3,063.34

Un-allocated corporate expenses (net of un-allocated income)

122.30

(1,260.34)

Interest income

57.00

26.67

Finance costs

1,018.00

1,361.97

Profit before tax

2,731.67

2,988.38

Tax expense/(benefit)

586.92

(223.03)

Profit for the year

2,144.75

3,211.41

Notes to the financial statements

for the year ended 31 March 2021 (Continued):

letter

PLAN 2011

Vesting schedule

Sr. No

% of options scheduled to vest

Vesting date

Lock-in period

1

20

1 year from grant date

Nil

2

30

2 years from grant date

Nil

3

50

3 years from grant date

Nil

There were no options granted during the year ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020, accordingly disclosures as required

under Ind AS 102 w.r.t. weighted average fair value of stock options granted during the year is not applicable.

Up to 31 March 2021, Jubilant Employees Welfare Trust (the “Trust”) purchased 6,363,506 equity shares of the Company from

the open market, out of interest free loan provided by the Company, out of which the Trust transferred 2,886,740 (31 March

2020: 2,886,740) equity shares to the employees on exercise of Options and sold the remaining 3,476,766 (31 March 2020:

3,476,766) equity shares, representing shares which were not backed by stock option grants to employees.

Notes to the financial statements

for the year ended 31 March 2021 (Continued):

Managing Director

Membership No.: 095037

DIN:00010484

DIN: 00010499

Arun Kumar Sharma

Rajiv Shah

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 4 June 2021

Date: 4 June 2021

Notes to the financial statements

for the year ended 31 March 2021 (Continued):

Managing Director

Membership No.: 095037

DIN:00010484

DIN: 00010499

Arun Kumar Sharma

Rajiv Shah

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 4 June 2021

Date: 4 June 2021

(` in million)

Notes

As at

31 March 2021

31 March 2020

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity

Equity share capital

14

159.19

159.30

Other equity

47,255.67

55,879.52

Equity attributable to owners of the Company

47,414.86

56,038.82

Non-controlling interest

0.31

-

Total equity

47,415.17

56,038.82

Liabilities

Non-current liabilities

Financial liabilities

i.

Borrowings

16(A)

25,639.72

37,396.86

ii. Lease liabilities

1,954.56

1,361.25

iii. Other financial liabilities

19

-

4.85

Provisions

17

940.09

1,507.51

Deferred tax liabilities (net)

8

2,473.02

2,634.20

Other non-current liabilities

20

270.21

82.90

Total non-current liabilities

31,277.60

42,987.57

Current liabilities

Financial liabilities

i.

Borrowings

16(B)

200.01

6,498.90

ii. Lease liabilities

501.34

440.48

iii. Trade payables

18

Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises

22.40

120.51

Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small

enterprises

5,182.44

10,782.18

iv. Other financial liabilities

19

2,206.50

5,308.86

Other current liabilities

20

1,009.47

992.79

Provisions

17

898.06

987.67

Current tax liabilities (net)

468.11

1,058.74

Total current liabilities

10,488.33

26,190.13

Total liabilities

41,765.93

69,177.70

Total equity and liabilities

89,181.10

125,216.52

Consolidated Balance Sheet

as at 31 March 2021 (Continued)

Financial Statements | 183:

Managing Director

DIN: 00010499

Arun Kumar Sharma

Rajiv Shah

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 4 June 2021

Date: 4 June 2021

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31 March 2021 (Continued)

Financial Statements | 185:

Managing Director

Membership No.: 095037

DIN:00010484

DIN: 00010499

Arun Kumar Sharma

Rajiv Shah

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 4 June 2021

Date: 4 June 2021

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended 31 March 2021 (Continued)

Financial Statements | 187:

Managing Director

Membership No.: 095037

DIN:00010484

DIN: 00010499

Arun Kumar Sharma

Rajiv Shah

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 4 June 2021

Date: 4 June 2021

(` in million)

For the year ended

31 March 2021

31 March 2020

D.

Effect of exchange rate changes

122.59

598.52

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C+D)

(6,518.76)

2,254.17

Add: cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year

12,308.14

10,053.97

Cash and cash equivalents transferred pursuant to the Composite Scheme (refer note 31)

(769.86)

-

Cash and cash equivalents received pursuant to the Composite Scheme (refer note 31)

0.05

-

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (Refer note 12 (a))

5,019.57

12,308.14

* Revolver facility of Jubilant HollisterStier LLC is presented on net basis.

# Refer note 16.4 for movement of liabilities arising from financing activities.

Note:

1.

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in the Ind AS 7 “Statement

of Cash Flows”.

2.

For non-cash transaction pursuant to the Composite Scheme, refer note 31.

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended 31 March 2021 (Continued)

Financial Statements | 189:

Managing Director (CCMD) of the Group are responsible

for allocating resources and assessing performance of the

operating segments, and accordingly, identified as the chief

operating decision maker. Revenues, expenses, assets and

liabilities, which are common to the enterprise as a whole

and are not allocable to segments on a reasonable basis,

have been treated as “unallocated revenues/ expenses/

assets/ liabilities”, as the case may be.

(v) Foreign currency translation

(i)

Functional and presentation currency

Items included in the financial statements of each of

the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of

the primary economic environment in which the entity

operates (‘the functional currency’). The consolidated

financial statements are presented in Indian rupee (`),

which is also the Parent Company’s functional currency.

(ii) Transactions and balances

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the

functional currency using the exchange rates at the dates

of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses

resulting from the settlement of such transactions and

from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities

denominated in foreign currencies at balance sheet date

exchange rates are generally recognised in Consolidated

Statement of Profit and Loss.

Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a

foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates

at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation

differences on assets and liabilities carried at fair value are

reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. For example,

translation differences on non-monetary assets such as

equity investments classified as FVOCI are recognised

in other comprehensive income (OCI).

(iii) Group companies

The results and financial position of foreign operations

(none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary

economy) that have a functional currency different from the

presentation currency are translated into the presentation

currency as follows:

Notes to the consolidated financial statements

for the year ended 31 March 2021 (Continued)

204 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21:

Managing Director of the

Parent Company have been identified as the Chief Operating

Decision Maker (CODM) as defined by Ind AS 108 “Operating

Segments”. Operating Segments have been defined and

presented based on the regular review by the CODM to assess

the performance of each segment and to make decision about

allocation of resources. Accordingly, the Group has determined

reportable segments by the nature of its products and services,

which are as follows:

a.

Pharmaceuticals: (i) Specialty Pharmaceuticals

comprising

Radiopharmaceuticals

(including

radiopharmacies) and Allergy Therapy products; (ii)

Contract Development and Manufacturing Operations

(CDMO) comprising Contract manufacturing of Sterile

Injectables and Non-Sterile products (CMO) and Active

Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs); and (iii) Generics

comprising Solid Dosage Formulations; iv) India Branded

Pharmaceuticals;

b.

Life Sciences Ingredients#: i) Specialty Intermediates

ii) Life Sciences Chemicals and iii) Nutritional Products;

c.

Contract Research and Development Services: Drug

discovery and development services as well as clinical

data software and service solutions; and

d.

Proprietary

Novel

Drugs:

Patient-focused

biopharmaceutical business working to address unmet

medical needs in oncology and autoimmune diseases

During the year ended 31 March 2021, Proprietary Drug

Discovery Business, earlier under “Drug Discovery and

Development Solutions” segment has been presented

separately as “Proprietary Novel Drugs” segment. Further,

the segment earlier presented as “Drug Discovery and

Development Solutions” has been renamed as “Contract

Research and Development Services”. Hence, previous year

numbers have been regrouped to conform to current year

reporting.

The Group prepares its segment information in conformity with

the accounting policies adopted for preparing and presenting

the consolidated financial statements of the Group as a whole.

No operating segments have been aggregated to form the

above reportable operating segments.

Common allocable costs are allocated to each segment

according to the relative contribution of each segment to the

total common costs.

Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities which relate to the

Group as a whole and not allocable to segments on reasonable

basis have been included under ‘unallocated revenue /

expenses / assets / liabilities’.

Finance costs and fair value gains and losses on certain

financial assets are not allocated to individual segments as

the underlying instruments are managed on a Group basis.

Borrowings, current taxes, deferred taxes and certain financial

assets and liabilities are not allocated to the segments and have

been included under ‘unallocated assets / liabilities’.

Information related to each reportable segment is set out below.

Segment results (profit/(loss) before interest and tax) is used

to measure performance because management believes that

this information is most relevant in evaluating the results of the

respective segments relative to other entities that operate in

the same industries.

(` in million)

For the year ended 31 March 2021

For the year ended 31 March 2020

Total segment

revenue

Inter-segment

revenue

Revenue

from external

customer

Total segment

revenue

Inter-segment

revenue

Revenue from

external customer

Revenue

Pharmaceuticals*

57,898.14

1.43

57,896.71

57,142.80

-

57,142.80

Life Science Ingredients#

28,115.61

45.83

28,069.78

31,805.13

18.88

31,786.25

Contract Research and

Development Services

3,290.95

238.96

3,051.99

2,715.72

200.97

2,514.75

Proprietary Novel Drugs

36.65

-

36.65

100.33

-

100.33

Total segment revenue

89,341.35

286.22

89,055.13

91,763.98

219.85

91,544.13

- Continuing operations

61,225.74

240.39

60,985.35

59,958.85

200.97

59,757.88

- Discontinued operations

28,115.61

45.83

28,069.78

31,805.13

18.88

31,786.25

Notes to the consolidated financial statements

for the year ended 31 March 2021 (Continued)

Financial Statements | 239:

letter from U.S. Food and Drug

Administration (“USFDA”) for its solid dosage

formulations manufacturing facility located at

Roorkee, India. As a result of this, USFDA may

withhold approval of any new applications or

supplements till the Group resolves the issues raised

by the agency, however, the Group continues to

manufacture and distribute existing products from

its Roorkee facility. USFDA conducted subsequent

inspections and issued additional observations. The

Group has submitted comprehensive responses

to the USFDA and has engaged with third party

consultants to help in the remediation activities. The

Group is taking all necessary steps to ensure further

stringent controls at all its facilities.

(iii) Additionally, the Group is involved in other

disputes, lawsuits, claims, governmental and/or

regulatory inspections, inquiries, investigations and

proceedings, including commercial matters that arise

from time to time in the ordinary course of business.

The Group believes that none of these matters, either

individually or in aggregate, are expected to have any

material adverse effect on its consolidated financial

statements.

The above does not include all other obligations resulting

from claims, legal pronouncements having financial

impact in respect of which the Group generally performs

the assessment based on the external legal opinion and

the amount of which cannot be reliably estimated.

The Group believes that none of these matters, either

individually or in aggregate, are expected to have any

material adverse effect on its consolidated financial

statements.

Note 39. Commitments as at year end

a)

Capital Commitments:

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed

on capital account (net of advances) is ` 2,867.07 million

and ` 1,074.74 million (31 March 2020: ` 1,274.79 million

and ` 1,203.91 million) for property, plant and equipment

and intangible assets, respectively.

b)

Other Commitments:

Export obligation undertaken by the Group under EPCG

scheme to be completed over a period of five/eight years

on account of import of Capital Goods at concessional

import duty and remaining outstanding is ` 78.47 million

(31 March 2020 ` 7.21 million). Similarly, export obligation

under Advance License Scheme on duty free import of

specific raw materials, remaining outstanding is ` 311.86

million (31 March 2020: ` 1,727.01 million).

Also refer note 31.

Notes to the consolidated financial statements

for the year ended 31 March 2021 (Continued)

248 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21:

letter.

PLAN 2011

Vesting schedule

Sr. No

% of options scheduled to vest

Vesting date

Lock-in period

1

20

1 year from grant date

Nil

2

30

2 years from grant date

Nil

3

50

3 years from grant date

Nil

There were no options granted during the year ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020, accordingly disclosures as

required under Ind AS 102 w.r.t. weighted average fair value of stock options granted during the year is not applicable.

Up to 31 March 2021, Jubilant Employees Welfare Trust (the “Trust”) purchased 6,363,506 equity shares of the Company

from the open market, out of interest free loan provided by the Company, out of which the Trust transferred 2,886,740

(31 March 2020: 2,886,740) equity shares to the employees on exercise of Options and sold the remaining 3,476,766 (31

March 2020: 3,476,766) equity shares, representing shares which were not backed by stock option grants to employees.

The movement in the equity shares held by trust:

For the year ended

31 March 2021

31 March 2020

At the commencement of the year

-

9,628

Sale of shares by trust

-

(2,165)

Transfer to employees on exercise of options

-

(7,463)

At the end of the year

-

-

The movement in the stock options under both the Plans, during the year, is set out below:

Under Plan 2011

For the year ended

31 March 2021

31 March 2020

Number of options

Weighted average

exercise price (`)

Number of options

Weighted average

exercise price (`)

Outstanding at the beginning of the year

-

-

9,628

218.04

Forfeited/lapsed during the year

-

-

(2,165)

208.20

Exercised during the year

-

-

(7,463)

220.90

Outstanding at the end of the year

-

-

-

-

Exercisable at the end of the year

-

-

-

-

The weighted average share price for share options exercised during the year ended 31 March 2020 was ` 536.92.

Notes to the consolidated financial statements

for the year ended 31 March 2021 (Continued)

250 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21:

letter.

The movement in the stock awards under the Plan, during the year, is set out below:

Under Plan 2020

For the year ended

31 March 2021

No of awards

Exercise price

Outstanding at the beginning of the year

-

-

Issued during the year

8,212

-

Exercised during the year

1,082

-

Outstanding at the end of the year

7,130

-

Exercisable at the end of the year

7,130

-

Fair value of awards granted

The fair value of awards granted for Plan 2020 is USD 67.70 per award. The fair value at grant date is determined using the

market approach. Under this approach, funding transactions of the biotech companies in the oncology sector in a similar

phase of research is considered and “post-money valuation” to “equity funding raised to date” multiple of 1.6x is applied.

Notes to the consolidated financial statements

for the year ended 31 March 2021 (Continued)

Financial Statements | 251:

Managing Director

Membership No.: 095037

DIN:00010484

DIN: 00010499

Arun Kumar Sharma

Rajiv Shah

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 4 June 2021

Date: 4 June 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements

for the year ended 31 March 2021 (Continued)

254 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21:

Managing Director

DIN:00010499

258 | Jubilant Pharmova Limited | Annual Report 2020-21:

