Dear Shareholders,

The COVID-19 pandemic has rendered a

severe blow to societies, economies and

the healthcare industry. For us at Laurus

Labs, the situation has been challenging.

However, we remain unbowed and

unshaken, and are confident of

continuing on our high-growth path.

Building on our strong

foundation

We leveraged our strong backward

integration and demonstrated

commendable execution capability

in the formulation segment, growing

165x from `5 crore to `825 crore from

2018-19 to 2020-21. The majority

growth came from tender-driven

opportunities via participation in global

fund, PEPFAR and various in-country

African tenders. To scale up this segment

and cater to new players, we plan to

double the capacity to 10 billion units

per annum over the next 18 months.

Growth in APIs has been strong with the

launch of first-line products. Other APIs

(anti-diabetic, CNS and PPI) are expected

to be key growth drivers due to a robust

orderbook and large capacity addition by

the end of next year. With a dedicated

R&D centre and manufacturing units,

we are well positioned to meet the rising

demand for NCE drug substances and

drug products. We are in the process

of setting up a dedicated R&D centre

and greenfield manufacturing capacity

for Laurus Synthesis Private Limited to

support future growth.

Financial performance and

shareholder returns

We performed well in 2020-21 with good

revenue growth and an improvement in

the core profitability. Our consolidated

revenues stood at `4,814 crore, as

against `2,832 crore in 2019-20.

Our EBITDA grew by 176% to `1,573

crore vis-à-vis `570 crore in the previous

year. Our PAT grew by 286% to `984

crore against `255 crore in 2019-20.

During the year, we acquired a 72.55%

stake in Richcore Lifesciences from two

private equity funds, Eight Roads and

Ventureast. The acquisition is aimed at

diversifying and entering high-growth

areas of recombinant animal origin free

products, enzymes as well as building

Annual Report 2020-21

LAURUS LABS LIMITED

12:

letter, the world is still in

the grips of the pandemic; yet we have

reasons to be hopeful. The pandemic has

shown us the possibilities we can create

when human resilience and medical

innovation come together. Laurus Labs

will continue to deliver on its promise

of offering high-quality and affordable

healthcare for millions around the world.

We are well-positioned in an attractive,

robustly growing industry, where we

have leadership, scale and diversification

across products, geographies, and

markets. Along with the right team and

strategy, we are confident of delivering

long-term sustainable growth for all our

stakeholders.

Sincerely,

Dr. Satyanarayana Chava

Chief Executive Officer

All the four businesses

have a robust growth outlook

driven by improving demand

and supported by capacity

expansion plans lined up.

Investing in growth

We are seeing improved footing

in our formulation segment, apart

from the tendering business, and are

expanding capacities to meet the

demand. Our brownfield expansion

project for the formulation segment will

be operational in a phased manner from

August 2021 and will be fully operational

by the end of 2021-22. We are also

planning to add a block for High Potency

API (HPAPI) to support growth in the

Synthesis segment which is driven by

new client additions and increasing

commercialisation of products.

Environmental, social and

governance (ESG) objectives

The Board is committed to the

promotion of strong ethical,

environmental and corporate social

responsibility principles. We are focused

on playing our part in addressing

R984cr

Profit After Tax

286% (y-o-y growth)

13

THE YEAR IN REVIEW:

Managing Director) will be within the scale approved by the

shareholders. The elements of the total compensation, approved

by the Compensation Committee will be within the overall limits

specified under the Act.

»

The Company’s total compensation for Directors and Key

Managerial Personnel as defined under the Act / other employees

will consist of:

»

fixed compensation

»

variable compensation in the form of annual incentive

»

benefits

»

work related facilities and, perquisites

Changes made to the policy: Nil

The Nomination and Remuneration Policy is placed on the Company’s

website and the following is web address of the said policy.

http://www.lauruslabs.com/sites/all/themes/lauruslab//Investors/

PDF/Policies/Remuneration_Policy.pdf

Dividend Distribution Policy:

The Dividend Policy of the Company is attached as Annexure-2 to

this report.

The said Dividend Distribution policy is placed on the website of the

Company https://lauruslabs.com/Investors/PDF/Policies/Dividend_

Policy.pdf.

Risk Management:

Your Company had formulated a risk management policy for dealing

with different kinds of risks that it faces in the day-to-day operations

of the Company. Risk Management Policy of the company outlines

different kinds of risks and risk mitigating measures to be adopted

by the Board. The Company has adequate internal financial control

systems and procedures to mitigate the risk. The risk management

procedure is reviewed by the Risk Management Committee and Board

of Directors on a regular basis at the time of review of quarterly

financial results of the Company. Further, your Company had

constituted a Risk Management Committee which lays down various

risk mitigating practices that your Company is required to implement

in the Company.

Adequacy of Internal Financial Controls:

The internal financial controls with reference to the Financial

Statements, apart from statutory audit, internal audit and cost

compliance, are adequate to the size and operations of the Company.

Directors’ Responsibility Statement:

In terms of Section 134(3)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board

of Directors of the Company states that:

(a)

in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable

accounting standards had been followed along with proper

explanation relating to material departures;

(b)

the directors had selected such accounting policies and applied

them consistently and made judgments and estimates that are

reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the

state of affairs of the Company at the end of the financial year

and of the profit and loss of the Company for that period;

(c)

the directors had taken proper and sufficient care for the

maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance

with the provisions of Companies Act for safeguarding the

assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud

and other irregularities;

(d)

the directors had prepared the annual accounts on a going

concern basis;

(e)

the directors had laid down internal financial controls to be

followed by the company and that such internal financial

controls are adequate and were operative effectively; and

(f)

the directors had devised proper systems to ensure compliance

with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems

were adequate and operative effectively.

Related Party Transactions:

In accordance with Sec 134(h) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule

8(2) of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, the particulars of contracts

or arrangements entered into by the Company with the Related

Parties referred to in Sec.188(1) of the Act, have been provided in

Form AOC-2 and attached the same as Annexure-3.

The details of related party disclosures as stated in the notes to the

financial statements forms part of this annual report.

Vigil Mechanism / Whistle Blower Policy:

The Company established a whistle blower policy in order to assure

that the business is conducted with integrity and that the Company’s

financial information is accurate.

Auditors:

(i)

Statutory Auditors:

M/s. Deloitte, Haskins & Sells LLP, Firm Registration

No.117366W/W-100018 who were appointed as Statutory

Auditors of the Company by the Shareholders of the Company

in their 12th Annual General Meeting held in July, 2017 for

a period of five years shall be the Statutory Auditors of the

Company.

The requirement under the proviso to Sec.139(1) that “the

Company shall place the matter relating to such appointment

(of auditors) for ratification by members at every annual

Board’s Report Contd.:

letter of even date which is annexed

as Annexure and forms part of this report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial records is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in Secretarial records. We believe that the process

and practices followed by us provide a reasonable basis for our

opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representations about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.,

5.

The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other

applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification

of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the

affairs of the Company.

For RPR & ASSOCIATES

Company Secretaries

Y Ravi Prasada Reddy

Place: Hyderabad

Proprietor

Date: April 29, 2021

FCS No. 5783, C P No. 5360.

Annexure:

letter dated November 30, 2020.

2.

We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants, (Firm’s

Registration No: 117366W I W - 100018), the Statutory Auditors

of Laurus Labs Limited, (“the Company”) having its registered

office at Plot No.21, Jawaharlal Nehru Pharma City, Parawada,

Visakhapatnam-531021, have examined the implementation of

Employee Stock Option Scheme 2011 (“ESOP 2011”), Employee

Stock Option Scheme 2016 (‘’ESOP 2016”) and Employee Stock

Option Scheme 2018 (“ESOP 2018”), of the Company for the

year ended March 31, 2021as stipulated under Regulation 13

of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 (‘’SEBI Regulations”), as

amended from time to time.

Management’s Responsibility

3.

The implementation of the ESOP 2011, ESOP 2016 and ESOP

2018, in accordance with the SEBI Regulations, as amended

from time to time, and also in accordance with the resolutions

of the company is the responsibility of the Management of the

Company. The Management of the Company is also responsible

for design, implementation and maintenance of internal control

relevant to the preparation and presentation of the said ESOP

2011, ESOP 2016 and ESOP 2018, maintenance of proper books

of account, other relevant records and documents as prescribed

under the aforesaid Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Our responsibility, for the purpose of this certificate, is limited

to the review of the procedures and implementation thereof,

adopted by the Company for the year ended March 31, 2021 in

respect of the compliance with the aforesaid SEBI Regulations,

as stipulated in Regulation 13 of the SEBI Regulations.

5.

We conducted our examination of the Statement in accordance

with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special

Purposes issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of

India (“ICAI”) and the Standards on Auditing specified under

Section 143(10) of the Companies Act 2013, as applicable.

The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical

requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

6.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements

of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for

Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial

Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services

Engagements.

Opinion

7.

Based on our examination as above, and according to

the information and explanations provided to us by the

Management of the Company, we certify that the ESOP 2011,

ESOP 2016 and ESOP 2018 of the Company referred to above,

have been implemented for the year ended March 31, 2021 in

accordance with the SEBI Regulations, as amended from time

to time, and in accordance with the resolutions of the members

of the Company.

Restriction on Use

8.

This Certificate is addressed to and provided to the Board

of Directors of the Company for the purpose of placing the

same before the shareholders of the Company at the ensuing

Annual General Meeting of the Company and should not be

used for any other purpose without our prior written consent.

Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any

duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to

whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come

without our prior consent in writing.

For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

Ganesh Balakrishnan

Partner

Place: Hyderabad

(Membership No. 201193)

Date: April 29, 2021

(UDIN: 21201193AAAADB4315)

The Board of Directors

Laurus Labs Limited

2nd Floor, Serene Chambers,

Road Number 7, Banjara Hills,

Hyderabad - 500 034

Telangana, India.

Independent Auditors’ Certificate:

letter of credit and bank guarantees.

11. Equity share capital

Particulars

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Authorised

555,000,000* (March 31, 2020: 111,000,000) Equity shares of C 2/- each (March 31, 2020 Equity shares of

C 10/- each)

111.00

111.00

Total

111.00

111.00

Issued, Subscribed and Paid Up

536,602,385* (March 31, 2020: 106,914,499) Equity shares of C 2/- each (March 31, 2020 Equity shares of

C 10/- each)

107.32

106.91

Total

107.32

106.91

* The Board of Directors, at their meeting held on April 30, 2020, recommended for the sub-division of equity shares of the Company from existing face value of C

10/- each to face value of C 2/- each (i.e. split of 1 equity share of C 10/- each into 5 equity shares of C 2/- each), and the same has been approved by the shareholders

in the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on July 09, 2020 and the Board of Directors, at their meeting held on July 30, 2020 fixed the “record date” of

September 30, 2020. Accordingly, equity shares of the Company of C 10/ has been sub-divided into 5 equity shares of C 2/- each w.e.f. September 30, 2020.

11.1. Reconciliation of the shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting year

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

For the year ended

March 31, 2020

Equity Shares of D 2/- (March 31, 2020, D 10/-) each, fully paid up

No.

C

No.

C

Balance as per last financial statements (C 10/- each)

106,914,499

106.91

106,436,749

106.44

Issued during the year - ESOP

891,890

0.41

477,750

0.47

Sotck split (C10/- each into C 2/- each)

428,795,996

-

-

-

Outstanding at the end of the year

536,602,385

107.32

106,914,499

106.91

11.2. Rights attached to equity shares

The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of C 2/- per share. Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote

per share at the general meetings of the Company. For liquidation terms refer note 11.2a.

The Company declares and pays dividends in Indian rupees. The final dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval

of shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

During the year ended March 31, 2021, the amount of dividend (first interim dividend C 0.80, second interim dividend C 0.40 and third interim

dividend of C 0.80) per share declared as distribution to equity shareholders was C 2.00 (March 31, 2020: final dividend C1.00 and interim

dividend C 1.50 {face value of C 10/- each}).

11.2a. Liquidation terms and preferential rights

The liquidation terms of the equity shares are as follows:

(a)

If the company shall be wound up, the Liquidator may, with the sanction of a special resolution of the company and any other sanction

required by the Act divide amongst the shareholders, in specie or kind the whole or any part of the assets of the company, whether they

shall consist of property of the same kind or not.

(b)

For the purpose aforesaid, the Liquidator may set such value as he deems fair upon any property to be divided as aforesaid and may

determine how such division shall be carried out as between the shareholders or different classes of shareholders.:

Letter of Credit (SBLC) to Citi Bank NA and Corporate

guarantee to Andhra Bank for the loans obtained by Laurus Synthesis Inc. and Sriam Labs Private Limited respectively, which were be utilised for business purposes).

^ As the future liability for gratuity and leave encashment is provided on an actuarial basis for the Company as a whole, the amount pertaining to the Key Management

personnel and their relatives is not ascertainable and, therefore, not included above.

The transactions with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions. This assessment is

undertaken each financial year through examining the financial position of the related party and the market in which the related party

operates. Outstanding balances at the year-end are unsecured.

34. Significant accounting judgements, estimates and

assumptions

The preparation of the Company’s financial statements requires

management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions

that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets

and liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures, and the

disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these

assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that

require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets

or liabilities affected in future periods.

(A) Judgements

In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies,

management has made the following judgements, which have

the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the

financial statements.

(i)

Lease commitments - the Company as lessor

The Company has entered into agreements to

manufacture and supply API and intermediates produced

at a dedicated blocks located at Unit-1 and Unit-5

constructed exclusively for the lessee. The Company

has identified assets under operating and finance lease

based on the factors indicated under Appendix C to Ind

AS 17 and terms of the agreement, viz., economic life of

the asset vs. lease term, ownership of the asset after the

lease term. The Company applied the practical expedient

to grandfather the assessment of which transactions are

leases. Accordingly, Ind AS 116 is applied only to contracts

that were previously identified as leases under Ind AS 17.

(ii) Lease commitments - the Company as lessee

The Company has entered into leases for land and

office premises. The Company has determined, based

on an evaluation of the terms and conditions of the:

letter of credit and bank guarantees.

11. Equity share capital

Particulars

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Authorised

555,000,000* (March 31, 2020: 111,000,000) Equity shares of C 2/- each (March 31, 2020 Equity shares of

C 10/- each)

111.00

111.00

Total

111.00

111.00

Issued, Subscribed and Paid Up

536,602,385* (March 31, 2020: 106,914,499) Equity shares of C 2/- each (March 31, 2020 Equity shares of

C 10/- each)

107.32

106.91

Total

107.32

106.91:

Managing Director.

(j)

The Company has outstanding Indian rupee term loan of C 2.85 carrying an interest rate of 14% to 15.75 % p.a from Caspian Impact

Investment Private Limited repayable in equal quarterly/monthly instalments. The loan is secured by hypothecation of equipment and

non current assets (other than assets hypothecated with the Bank). Personal Guarantee has also been given: Managing

letter(s)

of revised terms of Bonus, making necessary entries in the:

letter(s) of revised terms of Bonus, making

necessary entries in the statutory registers of the Company,

filing necessary forms and documents with the jurisdictional

Registrar of Companies and all other necessary and incidental

acts in this regard.”

11. MODIFICATION OF TERMS OF BONUS IN

EMPLOYMENT CONTRAT OF DR. LAKSHMANA RAO

C V, (DIN 06885453), WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR OF THE

COMPANY:

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution

with or without modifications, as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 196, 197 and Schedule

V and all other applicable provisions, rules, schedules of the

Companies Act 2013 the terms of employment with respect to

payment of Bonus to Dr. Lakshmana Rao C V, having Director

Identification Number 06885453, Whole-time Director of the

Company be and are hereby modified as follows with effect

from April 1, 2020 :

Annual Bonus:

(i)

The Company shall pay the Whole-time Director a bonus

of such amount as may be determined in accordance

with (ii) below, based upon achievement of performance

criteria in respect of each completed financial year with

effect from 1st April 2020 for the remainder period of his

employment:

(ii)

For every financial year, the Whole-time Director shall be

eligible to receive a bonus (which shall be paid immediately

upon the Board approving the audited accounts of the

Company for the corresponding financial year) based

upon the Company’s achievement of the consolidated

EBITDA projection for such financial year (on the basis

that the consolidated non-interest financial charges are

deducted while calculating the consolidated EBITDA and

any EBITDA from acquisitions during the year be excluded,

if it is so included in the consolidated EBITDA) (“Target”)

in the following manner:

(A) Less than 75% of the Target = zero bonus;

(B) 75% or more of the Target = bonus equal to the percentage

of the Target achieved multiplied by the Annual Salary (as

increased on a yearly basis),

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the other terms and conditions

of his existing employment agreement will remain unchanged”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. V. V. Ravi Kumar, Executive

Director & CFO of the Company and Mr. G. Venkateswar

Reddy, Company Secretary of the Company, be and are hereby

severally authorised to do all such acts, matters, deeds and

things necessary or desirable in connection with or incidental

to the revision in terms of Bonus of Whole-time Director of the

Company, including but not limited to, issuance of: letter(s)

of revised terms of Bonus, making necessary entries in the

statutory registers of the Company, filing necessary forms and

documents with the jurisdictional Registrar of Companies and

all other necessary and incidental acts in this regard.”

12. REAPPOINTMENT OF MRS. ARUNA BHINGE AS

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without

modification, the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

letter etc. with attested

specimen signature of the duly authorised signatory(ies) who

are authorised to vote, to the Scrutiniser by e-mail to yravifcs@

gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

(ii)

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with

any other person and take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In

such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User

Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

(iii) In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual for

Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.

nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44

30 or send a request by email to evoting@nsdl.co.in

11. Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not

registered with the depositories for procuring user id

and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting

for the resolutions set out in this notice:

(i)

In case shares are held in physical mode please provide

Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share

certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned

copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy

of Aadhar Card) by email to secretarial@lauruslabs.com

and evoting@nsdl.co.in.

(ii)

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide

DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary

ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account

statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card),

AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card)

to secretarial@lauruslabs.com and evoting@nsdl.co.in.

If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities

in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login

method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for

e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode.

(iii) Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to

evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for

e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.

(iv) In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on

e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed

to vote through their demat account maintained with

Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders

are required to update their mobile number and email ID

correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting

facility.

Instructions for members for e-Voting during the e-AGM

session:

12. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the e-AGM is same as

the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

13. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the

e-AGM through Video Conference facility and have not casted

their vote through remote e-Voting are eligible to vote through

e-Voting in the e-AGM and they can exercise their vote while

they are connected in the Video Conference by following the

guidelines provided therein.

14. However, members who have voted through Remote e-Voting

will be eligible to attend the e-AGM.

15. The Board of Directors of the Company has appointed

Mr.Y.Ravi Prasada Reddy, Proprietor of RPR Associates, a

Practicing Company Secretary, as scrutiniser to scrutinise the

remote e-voting process and voting at the meeting in a fair and

transparent manner and he has communicated his willingness

to be appointed and will be available for the said purpose.

16. The voting rights shall be reckoned on the paid-up value of

shares registered in the name of the member/ beneficial owner

(in case of electronic shareholding) as on the cut-off date i.e.

July 09, 2021.

17. A person, whose name is recorded in the register of members

or in the register of beneficial owners maintained by the

depositories as on the cut-off date i.e. July 09, 2021 only shall

be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting/ e-voting at

the meeting.

18. Any person who becomes a member of the Company after

dispatch of the Notice of the meeting and holding shares as

on the cut-off date may obtain the USER ID and Password by

sending an e-mail request to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

19. The Scrutiniser, after scrutinising the votes cast at the meeting

and through remote e-voting, will, not later than three days of

conclusion of the meeting, make a consolidated Scrutiniser’s

Report and submit the same to the Chairman. The results

declared along with the consolidated scrutiniser’s report shall

be placed on the website of the Company at www.lauruslabs.

com. The results shall simultaneously be communicated to the

Stock Exchanges.:

