Letter and may vary for different

employees at the discretion of the Board;

(f) Performance Based Option means an Option,

which vests upon achievement of specified

Performance Condition(s), subject to other

terms and conditions of ESOP 2021;

(g) The consideration for the shares to be issued

upon exercise of an option may, as determined

by the Board at the time of granting the

options, be in one or more tranches, consist

of cash, cheque or consideration received

by the Company under a cashless exercise

program implemented by the Company or

any combination of the foregoing methods

of payment subject to fulfillment of Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as may

be amended from time to time or any other

applicable SEBI Regulations and Applicable

Law;

(h) Before granting options to employees under

ESOP 2021, the Board would, apart from

examining

and

evaluating

overall

group

corporate performance, inter-alia, take into

consideration the length of service, grade,

performance,

merit,

key

position,

future

potential

contribution,

conduct

of

the

employee, terms of the employment contract

and such other factors as may be deemed

appropriate by it;

(i) The Company shall conform to the accounting

policies mandated by the Applicable Law or

any other relevant SEBI Regulation or direction

as is applicable to the accounting of such

options;

(j) The Board shall have the power to make

consequential, fair and reasonable adjustments

to the number of options to be exercised and

the exercise price in case of corporate actions,

such as rights issue, bonus issue, merger, sale

of division etc., provided that such adjustments

or alterations do not adversely affect the rights

and interests of the Option Grantees and is

subject to the terms and conditions specified

in SEBI SBEB Regulations; and

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter and may vary for different

employees at the discretion of the Board;

(f) Performance Based Option means an Option,

which vests upon achievement of specified

Performance Condition(s), subject to other

terms and conditions of ESOP 2021;

(g) The consideration for the shares to be issued

upon exercise of an option may, as determined

by the Board at the time of granting the

options, be in one or more tranches, consist

of cash, cheque or consideration received

by the Company under a cashless exercise

program implemented by the Company or

any combination of the foregoing methods

of payment subject to fulfillment of Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as may

be amended from time to time or any other

applicable SEBI Regulations and Applicable

Law;

(h) Before granting options to employees under

ESOP 2021, the Board would, apart from

examining

and

evaluating

overall

group

corporate performance, inter-alia, take into

consideration the length of service, grade,

performance,

merit,

key

position,

future

potential

contribution,

conduct

of

the

employee, terms of the employment contract

and such other factors as may be deemed

appropriate by it;

(i) The Company shall conform to the accounting

policies mandated by the Applicable Law or

any other relevant SEBI Regulation or direction

as is applicable to the accounting of such

options;

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter authorising

their representatives to attend and vote at the

AGM, pursuant to Section 113 of the Act.

5. An Explanatory Statement pursuant to the

provisions of Section 102 of the Act and Rules

made thereunder, in respect of Special Business to

be transacted at the AGM, Secretarial Standards

on General Meetings (SS-2), wherever applicable

and Listing Regulations, wherever applicable, is

annexed and forms part of this Notice. The Board

of Directors have considered and decided to

include Item Nos. 6 to 9 given above as Special

Business at the forthcoming AGM, since they are

critical and considered unavoidable.

6. The Record date shall be Wednesday, July 28,

2021, for determining the entitlement of Members

for dividend for the year ended March 31, 2021, if

declared.

7. Dividend for the year ended March 31, 2021, if

declared, at the AGM, shall be paid to those

Members, whose names appear:-

a) as beneficial owners at the end of business

hours on Wednesday, July 28, 2021, as per

lists furnished by Central Depository Services

(I) Limited and National Securities Depository

Limited in respect of shares held in electronic

form; and

b) on the Register of Members of the Company

as on Wednesday, July 28, 2021, after giving

effect to valid transfers in respect of transfer

requests lodged with Link Intime India Pvt.

Ltd., Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA)

of the Company, on or before the close of

business hours on Wednesday, July 28, 2021,

in respect of shares held in physical form.

8. Members holding shares in dematerialised form

are requested to intimate particulars of bank

mandates, nominations, power of attorney, e-mail

address, contact numbers, change of address, etc.

to their Depository Participant (DP). Members

holding shares in physical form are requested to

intimate these details to the RTA.

In order to enable the Company to remit dividend

electronically

through

National

Automated

Clearing House (NACH), National Electronic

Funds Transfer (NEFT), etc., Members holding

shares in physical form are requested to provide/

update details of their bank accounts indicating

the name of the bank, branch, account number

and the nine-digit MICR code and IFSC code (as

appearing on the cheque) along with scanned

copy

of

the

cheque/cancelled

cheque

to

rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in. Members holding

shares in dematerialised form are requested to

provide the said details to their DP.

The Income Tax Act, 1961, as amended by the

Finance Act, 2020, mandates that dividends paid

or distributed by Company after April 1, 2020 shall

be taxable in the hands of the Shareholders. The

details are explained in the e-mail under which this

Notice is sent to the Shareholders.

9. SEBI has mandated the submission of Permanent

Account Number (PAN) by every participant in

the securities market. Members holding shares

in electronic form are requested to submit their

PAN to their DPs if not submitted earlier. Members

holding shares in physical form are requested

to submit their PAN to the RTA if not submitted

earlier.

10. Members who have not encashed their dividend

warrants for the year ended March 31, 2014 or any

subsequent year(s) are requested to lodge their

claims with the RTA at the earliest.

11. Amounts

of

dividend

remaining

unclaimed/

unpaid for a period of seven years are required

to be transferred to the ‘Investor Education and

Protection Fund’. Accordingly, unpaid dividend up

to the year ended March 31, 2013, has already been

transferred to the said Fund.

12. Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

and their shareholdings and Register of Contracts

or Arrangements in which Directors are interested,

maintained under Sections 170 and 189 of the Act,

respectively and the Certificate from Auditors of

the Company certifying that the ESOP Schemes of

the Company are being implemented in accordance

with, the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits)

Regulations, 2014, will be available electronically

for inspection by the Members.

All documents referred to in the Notice will also be

available for electronic inspection by the Members

without payment of any fee from the date of

circulation of this Notice up to the date of AGM, i.e.

August 11, 2021.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter in Form DIR-2 pursuant to the

provisions of Section 152(5) of the Act read

with Rule 8 of Companies (Appointment and

Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014; and

(c)

Disclosure of Interest in Form MBP-1 pursuant to

the provisions of Section 184(1) of the Act and

Rule 9(1) of the Companies (Meetings of Board

and its Powers) Rules, 2014.

Dr. Sharma is interested in the said Resolution. No other

Director/Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or

their relatives are interested in or concerned with the

said Resolution. This Explanatory Statement may also

be regarded as a disclosure pursuant to Regulation

36(3) of the Listing Regulations.

Dr. Sharma, 73, was first appointed as the Director of

the Company on August 25, 2003.

The Board recommends passing of the Resolution.

ITEM NO. 5

Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 139 and 141 of the

Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) and Rules made thereunder,

at the Thirty-Fourth Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’)

of the Company held on Wednesday, August 3, 2016,

the Members appointed B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered

Accountants

(Firm

Registration

No.

101248W/

W-100022), as Statutory Auditors of the Company,

for a period of five years from the conclusion of

the Thirty-Fourth AGM till the conclusion of the

Thirty-Ninth AGM.

In terms of provisions of Section 139(2) of the Act,

B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants are eligible for

re-appointment as Statutory Auditors of the Company

for a second term of five years. Accordingly, they are

proposed to be re-appointed as Statutory Auditors

of the Company for a second term of five years

commencing from the conclusion of the Thirty-Ninth

AGM till the conclusion of the Forty-Fourth AGM.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 139 of the Act

and Rule 4 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors)

Rules, 2014, the Company obtained written consent

and certificate from the Auditors, certifying that if

they are appointed, their appointment would be as

per the conditions prescribed by Section 141 of the Act

and the applicable provisions of the said Rules. The

Auditors have confirmed that they are not disqualified

to be reappointed as Statutory Auditors in terms of the

provisions of Sections 139 and 141 of the Act and the

Rules made thereunder and the Listing Regulations.

The Board has, based on the recommendation of

the Audit Committee, recommended remuneration

of ` 16.6 million (Rupees Sixteen Million Six Hundred

Thousand) plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of

out-of-pocket expenses, to B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered

Accountants, for the Financial Year 2021-22. Pursuant

to the provisions of the Act and the Rules made

thereunder, the Board may be authorised to revise/

alter/modify/amend the terms and conditions of the

appointment, including the remuneration as may be

mutually agreed with the Statutory Auditors. The Board

may pay such audit fees as may be recommended by

the Audit Committee for the financial years 2022-23 to

2025-26 as may be mutually agreed with the Statutory

Auditors.

B S R & Co. LLP, is a member entity of B S R & Affiliates,

a network registered with the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India. B S R & Co. LLP, has over 3000

staff and 100+ Partners. They are Statutory Auditors

of leading listed companies across varied sectors viz.

FMCG, Hospitality, Banking, IT, Biopharmaceuticals,

Chemicals, Cement, Pharmaceuticals, Automotives,

etc. The size, quality of audit services and volume of

operations of B S R & Co. LLP, commensurate with the

size and audit requirements of the Company.

None of the Directors/Key Managerial Personnel of

the Company or their relatives are interested in or

concerned with the said Resolution.

In compliance with General Circular No. 20/2020

issued by the MCA, this item is considered unavoidable

and is accordingly being transacted at the AGM.

The Board recommends passing of the Resolution.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter in Form DIR-2 pursuant to the

provisions of Section 152(5) of the Companies

Act, 2013 (Act) read with Rule 8 of Companies

(Appointment and Qualification of Directors)

Rules, 2014;

(b)

Intimation in Form DIR-8 pursuant to the

provisions of Section 164(2) of the Act, read

with Rule 14(1) of Companies (Appointment

and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014,

certifying that she is not disqualified from acting

as director of the Company;

(c)

Certificate pursuant to the provisions of Section

149(7) of the Act, confirming that she meets the

criteria of independence provided by Section

149(6) of the Act;

(d)

Declaration under Rule 6(3) of the Companies

(Appointment and Qualification of Directors)

Rules, 2014 as regards registration with the

Independent Directors databank maintained by

the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs, Ministry

of Corporate Affairs, Government of India;

(e)

Certificate pursuant to Regulation 25(8) of

the Listing Regulations confirming that she

meets the criteria of independence provided by

Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations;

(f)

Certificate confirming compliance with the

Code of Conduct adopted by the Board and the

Code for Independent Directors specified by

Schedule IV of the Act; and

(g)

Disclosure of Interest in Form MBP-1 pursuant to

the provisions of Section 184(1) of the Act and

Rule 9(1) of the Companies (Meetings of Board

and its Powers) Rules, 2014.

In the opinion of the Board, Ms. Mundkur possesses

appropriate skills, expertise and competencies and has

wide experience which would benefit the Company

and that it is desirable to continue to avail of her

services. She fulfills the conditions specified in the Act

and Rules made thereunder, the Listing Regulations

and such other laws/regulations for the time being in

force, to the extent applicable to the Company and is

independent of the management. In terms of Section

160 of Act, the Company has received notices in writing

from certain Members proposing the candidature of

Ms. Mundkur for re-appointment as an Independent

Director.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter:-

i) Performance-Based Stock Options shall vest on

the third anniversary of the grant date or such

other vesting date as may be decided by the

NRC, subject to achievement of performance

conditions as defined by the NRC. Number

of Performance-Based Stock Options that

can vest will depend upon the level of actual

achievement vis-à-vis performance targets

and can be higher or lower than target number

of options originally granted as specified in

the Grant: Letter. The vesting of performance-

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter, any such

vesting schedule will be subject to a minimum

vesting period of one year from the date of grant

and a maximum vesting period of five years from

the date of grant.

e. Maximum period subject to Regulation 18(1) of

the SEBI SBEB Regulations, within which the

Stock Options shall be vested

The maximum vesting period of Stock Options

shall be five years from the date of grant.

f. Exercise price

The exercise price of Stock Options shall be the

face value of the equity shares of the Company,

which is ` 2/- each at present or such other price

as may be determined by the NRC.

g. Exercise period and process for exercise

Vested Stock Options can be exercised within the

period prescribed in ESOP 2021 but not exceeding

ten years from the grant date.

Vested Stock Options shall be exercisable by

Eligible Employees by submission of an application

in the prescribed format to the Company, in such

manner as may be prescribed by ESOP 2021 or

the NRC. Stock Options shall lapse if not exercised

within the exercise period.

h. Appraisal process for determining the eligibility

of employees for ESOP 2021

The appraisal process for determining the eligibility

of employees for ESOP 2021 shall be decided by

the NRC after examining and evaluating overall

group corporate performance, inter alia, taking

into consideration the length of service, grade,

performance, merit, key position, future potential

contribution, conduct of the employee, terms of

the employment contract and such other factors

as may be deemed appropriate by it.

Stock Options may also be granted to Eligible

Employees at the time of their joining.

i. Maximum number of Stock Options to be issued

per employee and in aggregate

The maximum number of Stock Options that may

be granted per Eligible Employee under ESOP

2021, in any Financial Year, shall not exceed 0.25%

of the Issued Capital of the Company at the time

of grant of Stock Options.

The maximum number of Stock Options that

can be granted in aggregate is 6,000,000 under

ESOP 2021.

j. Maximum quantum of benefits to be provided

per employee under ESOP 2021

Please refer to details furnished in Sl. No. i.

above, other than which no monetary benefits are

contemplated under ESOP 2021.

k. Whether ESOP 2021 is to be implemented and

administered directly by the Company or through

a Trust

ESOP 2021 will be administrated by the NRC of the

Company in compliance with the provisions of the

Act, SEBI SBEB Regulations and other applicable

laws.

l. Whether ESOP 2021 involves new issue of shares

by the Company or secondary acquisition by the

Trust or both

ESOP 2021 involves only fresh issue of equity

shares by the Company.

m. The amount of loan to be provided for

implementation of ESOP 2021 by the Company

to the Trust, its tenure, utilisation, repayment

terms, etc.

Not applicable, as ESOP 2021 is not being

implemented through a Trust.

n.

Maximum percentage of secondary acquisition

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter).

•

Click “confirm” (Your password is now generated).

2. Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.

3. Enter your User ID, Password and Image

Verification (CAPTCHA) Code and click on

‘Submit’.

4. After successful login, you will be able to see the

notification for e-voting. Select ‘View’ icon.

5. E-voting page will appear.

6. Refer the Resolution description and cast your

vote by selecting your desired option ‘Favour /

Against’ (If you wish to view the entire Resolution

details, click on the ‘View Resolution’ file link).

7. After selecting the desired option i.e. ‘Favour/

Against’ click on ‘Submit’. A confirmation box

will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote,

click on ‘Yes’, else to change your vote, click on

‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.

Institutional shareholders:

Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals,

HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log

on the e-voting system of LIIPL at https://instavote.

linkintime.co.in and register themselves as ‘Custodian/

Mutual Fund/Corporate Body’. They are also required

to upload a scanned certified true copy of the Board

Resolution/Authority: Letter/Power of Attorney, etc.

together with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorised representative(s) in PDF format in the

‘Custodian/Mutual Fund/Corporate Body’ login for

the Scrutinizer to verify the same

Individual

Shareholders,

holding

securities

in

physical mode, whose evoting service provider is

LINKINTIME and who have forgotten their password:

•

Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab and

further Click ‘forgot password?’

•

Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image

Verification (CAPTCHA) Code and Click on

‘Submit’.

•

Shareholders/Members

having

valid

email

address, the Password will be sent to his/her

registered e-mail address.

•

Shareholders/Members can set the password

of his/her choice by providing the information

about the particulars of the Security Question and

Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI, Bank Account Number

(last four digits) etc. as mentioned above.

•

The

Password

should

contain

minimum

8

characters, at least one special character (@!#$&*),

at least one numeral, at least one alphabet and at

least one capital letter.

Individual Shareholders, holding securities in demat

mode, with NSDL/CDSL and have forgotten their

password:

•

Shareholders/Members who are unable to retrieve

User ID/Password are advised to use Forget

User ID and Forget Password option available

at

abovementioned

depository/depository

participants website.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Letter

20

Vice Chairman’s: Letter

22

CEO & MD’s Letter

24

Performance Overview

26

About Lupin

26

United States

32

India

34

Growth Markets

38

Europe, Middle East and Africa

40

Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients

42

An Integrated Approach to Risk Management

43

Materiality Assessment

48

Creating Value Through our Capitals

50

CFO’s Letter

52

Financial Capital

54

Manufacturing Capital

56

Intellectual Capital

63

Social & Relationship Capital

66

Human Capital

72

Natural Capital

76

Corporate Governance

81

Awards & Recognitions

83

Board of

Letter

Demonstrating

resilience amidst

challenges

LUPIN LIMITED Integrated Report 2020-21

20

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

It is with immense pleasure that I present to you

Lupin’s first Integrated Report.

FY21 was different in every aspect and held more than

its fair share of challenges. As the world and especially

India reeled under the coronavirus pandemic that

disrupted our collective sense of the normal, we saw

crisis of unprecedented nature and effect. However,

we also saw the best of human nature in this time. At

Lupin, we continue to witness magnificent examples

of resilience. I am very proud of our resolve to stand

with our communities, to inspire hope and healing.

Through the year we stayed focused on our

mission – safeguarding the health and well-being

of our employees and their families, maximizing

availability of our medicines globally, and

supporting our communities, relief agencies and

people on the front line of the global pandemic.

In retrospect, our focus on becoming an agile,

responsive company was well displayed during this

period and it gives me confidence that we are well-

positioned for the long-term.

Despite COVID-19, we have strengthening our

business in India as well as in the US and other

markets, with multiple positive developments and

launches. The launch of our lead respiratory product,

Albuterol in the US, is an important milestone. On the

Specialty front, we continued to make steady progress

in Neurology, Gastrointestinal and Women’s Health.

Innovation and research are critical to ensuring better

health and creating financial value. In FY21, our total

R&D spend was 9.6% of turnover. For the entire

year, we reported net profit of INR 12,165 million with

EBITDA margins improving to 18.8% in Q4FY21 as

compared to 13.8% in Q4FY20. This was the outcome

of our collective efforts to improve performance by

focusing on growth drivers and cost optimization.

In India, the pandemic situation continues to remain

serious, and therefore, we continue to support our

people and our communities. We have put in place

multiple task forces for employee hospitalization,

medication and vaccination. We have also expanded

the scope of our employee benefits from medical

and term insurance to providing for the families of

employees we lost to this terrible virus.

As a sustainable business, everything we do is inspired

by a deep sense of purpose. Our values have held us

in good stead at this time, and they are the foundation

on which we have built our success. It is heartening

to see Lupin rise to the challenge and continue to

make a positive impact on the lives of people. Put

together, Lupin, our employees and the promoter

family contributed INR 16.7 crore toward COVID-19

relief efforts.

We are determined to come out stronger from this

pandemic than we have ever been. I would like to

thank our Lupin employees for their unflinching

commitment, and our partners, shareholders and

customers for your continued trust, confidence

and support.

Warm regards,

Manju D. Gupta

Chairman

Our values have held us in

good stead at this time and

they are the foundation on

which we have built our

success.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter

Well positioned

to capitalize on

opportunities

LUPIN LIMITED Integrated Report 2020-21

22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

It is my privilege to write to you and present our first

ever Integrated Report in FY 2020-21.

The COVID-19 pandemic has had a serious and

unprecedented impact across the economies and

society in general. Throughout this challenging

period, we reacted very quickly to prioritize health

and safety of our people and continued to provide a

reliable supply of medicines to the patients across our

markets.

I am enormously proud of how resilient and adaptive

our people and business have been in the face of

this global pandemic. We proved the solidity of our

strategy, the agility of our teams around the world and

the constancy of our commitment towards patients.

These have helped us quickly adapt to new ways of

being stronger together and gain greater momentum

in our key therapy areas while improving margins.

Our performance in the year FY 2020-21 continues to

stand robust, both financially and in terms of meeting

and exceeding our stakeholders’ expectations. The

business cemented its strength with our persistent

effort to enhance profitability by improving upon the

overall quality of the business.

With 15 new launches and disciplined business

development in the US, we continue building on

our Women’s Health business in North America and

ramp up in Albuterol and an increase in market share

for Levothyroxine. We are also glad that following

the NDMA concern, we are close to 50% share for

gGlumetza. India business continues to be the second

largest, contributing 35% to the topline. The five

key therapies including Cardiology, Anti-diabetes,

Respiratory, Anti-infective and Gastrointestinal

contributes 76% of total sales.

We have been working towards building our

reputation on quality, which is embedded in our

philosophy, people, and processes. While FY21 was a

year when no USFDA inspection happened at any of

our India manufacturing sites, we continue working

towards further improving our quality and compliance

practices.

During the year, we continued to launch new products

and grow our pipeline. We have made significant

progress with our complex generics’ platforms across

Inhalation, Biosimilars, Injectables and Women’s

Health products.

We have taken several initiatives on cost optimization

to contribute towards our margins in FY22. These

include optimizing procurement, renegotiating

contracts, rationalization of salesforce in America,

among others.

While we have performed well this year, we have

started FY21-22 on an optimistic note. Our disciplined

approach to leverage management ensures we

maintain a strong balance sheet that gives us the

financial flexibility to support future growth. With our

commitment to deliver positive outcomes, exercising

disciplined cost management and maintaining strong

cash flow, I am very excited about the opportunities

ahead for our business.

I would like to thank all our stakeholders, including

employees, customers, partners, bankers and

shareholders, who collectively enable us to create

value by helping us to focus on our strategic priorities

and leveraging our strengths. Thank you once again

for your trust, confidence, and support.

Best regards,

Kamal Sharma

Vice Chairman

Notwithstanding the

challenges of the times, we

continue to think from our

heart and act with our head

– to care for our people, our

patients, our communities

and all other stakeholders

and partners.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

23

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter

Creating

long-term value for

our stakeholders

LUPIN LIMITED Integrated Report 2020-21

24

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

We are pleased to present our first Integrated Annual

Report. This report aims to provide our stakeholders

with a holistic view of our value-creation model,

strategy, governance, and performance. The report

also gives us the opportunity to share more about

Lupin, our core strengths, what we stand for, and

the value we bring to our patients, customers and

stakeholders. We are Resilient, we are Responsible,

and we stand for Results.

Shaped by the COVID-19 pandemic, the unexpected

and overwhelming year that went by affected

every aspect of our lives. Through this period,

we worked hard to strengthen the long-term

value of our business, to emerge stronger coming

out of the pandemic. This would not have been

possible without the hard work, perseverance, and

commitment of our 20,000+ Lupinytts.

It gives us a lot of confidence to see the agility and

resilience that our team demonstrated in this period,

while continuing to manage the business through

the lens of people, performance and purpose. In

addition to ensuring business continuity, our priority

was ensuring the health and safety of our people.

We put in place extensive measures to protect them

and their families; yet sadly we lost several of our

valued colleagues across the world. We extend our

deepest sympathies to their families and teammates.

In the face of this unprecedented volatility, we made

proactive investments in our people, processes,

operations and technologies so that we could deliver

strong operational performance throughout the

period and into the future. Through the quarters of

FY21, we improved operational performance and our

margins by maximizing revenues and delivering on

our cost optimization efforts.

In the US, we continue to be the 3rd largest generic

player (by prescriptions). We have a total of 168

generic products in the market, with market leading

share on 53 products and feature in the Top 3 on

122 of our products. While the weak flu season

and COVID-19 related disruptions resulted in lower

revenues compared to the previous fiscal, the

highlight of the year for our US business was the

launch of Albuterol, validating our capability to

emerge as a leading complex generic player.

We are the 6th largest company in the Indian

Pharmaceutical Market. Our India business continues

to be a robust driver of revenue and profitability

backed by a strong pipeline of products, both from

our external partners and increasingly from our

internal development.

Our global API sales recorded growth of 6.3%. Our

Growth Markets recorded slightly lower numbers

compared to FY20 due to substantial pandemic

exposure, and our EMEA region sales grew 3.4%. In

Europe we were very pleased to get approval for

launch of our first biosimilar, Etanercept, validating

our capabilities on the biosimilars front.

After a challenging period, we have come a long way

this past year, and are well set to drive growth going

forward, both in revenues and profitability. As we

progress into FY22, while some challenges persist,

we expect to continue to build on the momentum

gained, and aim to achieve robust growth. In the US,

we see the ramp up of Albuterol, growth in our inline

products as well as new inhalation product launches

like Brovana® driving growth. We also expect to hit

multiple milestones in our complex generic pipeline

in all three of our lead platforms – inhalation,

biosimilars and injectables. We see our inhalation

portfolio starting to go global with the UK marketing

authorization for Fostair®, for which we are the first

generic to be approved. We also see our biosimilar

portfolio starting to evolve with the ongoing review

of our first BLA filing in the US for Peg-filgrastim.

As a company committed to innovation, we invested

9.6% of our revenues in R&D during FY21. We have a

clear research strategy in place to maintain our core

generic position, deliver on complex generics, and

build out our innovation portfolio.

We accelerated EBITDA improvement throughout

FY21 led by new launches, cost optimization and

restructuring efforts. Net Profit before Exceptional

items grew by 33.9% to INR 12,165 million in FY21.

The last fiscal was a year where we demonstrated

that our people come first – when lives depended

on ensuring taking all necessary precautions, we

implemented numerous initiatives towards ensuring

the health, well-being and safety of our people

and our work environment; it was a year where we

demonstrated agility – we took multiple steps to

change our strategic direction, we reduced the number

of people at our facilities, staggered shifts, made work

from home possible for as many people as we could; it

was a year where we showed that we can successfully

navigate through uncertainty, while not just protecting,

but strengthening our core. To us, the last fiscal was a

year that showed us the true capability that Lupin has,

and how much more we can do.

As responsible corporate citizens, we continue to

extend all forms of support to COVID-19 relief efforts.

In a year of turmoil, we are proud and humbled to

have been able to serve our communities.

As COVID-19 treatment and vaccination gets to

acceptable levels, we see the business and the

economy picking up. Importantly, we see a stronger,

brighter Lupin emerge through this – with a renewed

sense of purpose of solving India’s health challenges

and bringing DBG’s legacy to the world.

Kind regards,

Vinita Gupta

Chief Executive Officer

Nilesh D. Gupta: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

As the COVID-19 pandemic rages on in different parts

of the world at varying intensities, Lupin has been at

the forefront of augmenting the delivery of critical

healthcare services by ensuring uninterrupted supply

of life-saving drugs. This period of enduring crisis

has driven us to redefine our purpose and vision, and

we are committed to providing global communities

with access to quality healthcare at affordable prices,

safeguarding the health and well-being of our people

and supporting the communities we operate in. The

inherent strength and resilience of our business model

has yet again allowed us to navigate the challenging

business environment and remain relevant in these

challenging times.

It is my great pleasure to present Lupin’s first

Integrated Report (IR) to you. We firmly believe that

our value proposition serves a larger purpose and

apart from reporting on our financial performance

for our shareholders, this year we have started to

articulate our impact across the six resource capitals

of the Integrated Reporting <IR> framework. The

journey of transition to the <IR> framework has been

one of self-discovery for Lupin and the Environment,

Social and Governance (ESG) materiality assessment

has allowed us to reassess our priorities across

the ESG aspects relevant to our stakeholders. This

year’s IR marks the beginning of a new era in Lupin’s

commitment to transparent and fair disclosure of our

ESG performance, and compliance to the Securities

and Exchange Board of India’s (SEBI) conceptual shift

towards a more holistic reporting paradigm.

CFO’s: Letter

Commitment to resilient

and responsible results

for all our stakeholders

LUPIN LIMITED Integrated Report 2020-21

52

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director

Committee Memberships: CSR Committee, Stakeholders’

Relationship Committee and Risk Management Committee

Board of Directors

LUPIN LIMITED Integrated Report 2020-21

84

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan, Executive Director, Global CFO & Head

Corporate Affairs

Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard, Independent Director

Ms. Christine Mundkur, Independent Director

Mr. K. B. S. Anand, Independent Director

Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha, Independent Director

Mr. Mark D. McDade, Independent Director

LEADERSHIP TEAM

Ms. Vinita Gupta, Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Nilesh D. Gupta,: Managing Director

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan, Executive Director, Global CFO & Head

Corporate Affairs

Dr. Rajender Kamboj, President - Novel Drug Discovery & Development

Mr. Naresh Gupta, President - API Plus & Global TB

Mr. Rajeev Sibal, President - India Region Formulations

Dr. Cyrus Karkaria, President - Biotechnology

Mr. Sunil Makharia, President - Finance

Mr. Debabrata Chakravorty, President - Global Sourcing & Contract

Manufacturing

Mr. Yashwant Mahadik, President - Global Human Resources

Mr. Rajendra Chunodkar, President - Manufacturing Operations

Mr. Alok Sonig, CEO - US Generics & Global R&D and Biosimilars

Dr. Sofia Mumtaz, President - Portfolio, Legal and Canada Business

Mr. Thierry Volle, President - Europe, Middle East & Africa

Dr. Fabrice Egros, President - Growth Markets

Mr. J. Alan Butcher, Chief Corporate Development Officer

Mr. Jon Stelzmiller, President - Specialty Pharma

Mr. Johnny Mikell, President – Global Quality and Compliance

REGISTERED OFFICE

Kalpataru Inspire, 3rd Floor, Off Western Express Highway,

Santacruz (East), Mumbai - 400 055. India.

+ 91 22 6640 2323

www.lupin.com info@lupin.com

CORPORATE IDENTITY NUMBER

L24100MH1983PLC029442

REGISTRAR AND SHARE TRANSFER AGENT

Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.

Unit: Lupin Limited, C 101, 247 Park, LBS Marg,

Vikhroli (West), Mumbai - 400 083.

+91 22 4918 6270 1800 1020 878

rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in

COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. R. V. Satam

AUDITORS

B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

AUDIT COMMITTEE

Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha, Chairperson

Dr. Kamal K. Sharma

Ms. Christine Mundkur

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION

COMMITTEE

Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard,

Managing Director,

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan, Executive Director,

Global CFO and Head Corporate Affairs and

Mr. Sunil Makharia, President - Finance, has

been constituted. The Company has in place a

Risk Management framework which defines the

roles and responsibilities at various levels in the

organization. The ongoing review process in line

with the framework helps in identifying the critical

‘risks that matter’ and focusing on emerging risks

in the business environment. The Committee

ensures that there is a robust process of identifying

key risks based on the probability of occurrence,

its potential business and financial impact and

volatility along with focus on arriving at mitigation

plans and its implementation. Constitution of the

Committee, its terms of reference, details of meeting

held and attendance thereat are mentioned in the

Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of

the Integrated Report. The Company was awarded

‘Masters of Risk in Pharma & Healthcare’ category

at India Risk Management Awards 7th Edition by

CNBC-TV18.

Particulars of loans/guarantees/

investments/securities

In compliance with the provisions of Section 134(3)(g)

of the Act, particulars of loans, guarantees, investments

and securities given under Section 186 of the Act are

given in the notes to the Financial Statements forming

part of this Integrated Report.

Conservation of Energy, Technology

Absorption and Foreign Exchange

Earnings and Outgo

As stipulated by Section 134(3)(m) of the Act read

with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules,

2014, particulars pertaining to conservation of

energy, technology absorption and foreign exchange

earnings and outgo, are given in Annexure ‘D’ to

this Report.

LUPIN LIMITED Integrated Report 2020 - 21

94

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director Executive Director,

Global CFO & Head

Corporate Affairs

Company Secretary

(DIN: 00209461)

(DIN: 00209430)

(DIN: 00058631)

(DIN: 01734642)

(DIN: 01833346)

(ACS - 11973)

Mumbai, May 12, 2021

Part ‘B’: Joint Ventures

Statement pursuant to Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Jointly Controlled Entity

(INR in million)

Name of the Jointly Controlled Entity

YL Biologics Limited, Japan

1) Latest Audited Balance Sheet Date

March 31, 2021

2) Date on which Jointly Controlled Entity was acquired

April 23, 2014

3) Shares of the Jointly Controlled Entity held by the Company on the year end *(Refer Note below)

Number

450 Common Shares of JPY Nil

Amount of investment in the Jointly Controlled Entity

319.1

Extent of Holding %

45%

4) Description of how there is significant influence

N.A.

5) Reason why the Jointly Controlled Entity is not consolidated

N.A.

6) Networth attributable to Shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet

319.1

7) Profit/(Loss) for the year

(i) Considered in Consolidation (after inter company adjustment)

13.3

(ii) Not Considered in Consolidation

16.2

* Note: Shares are held by Lupin Atlantis Holdings SA, Switzerland, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Manju D. Gupta

Dr. Kamal K. Sharma

Vinita Gupta

Nilesh D. Gupta

Ramesh Swaminathan

R. V. Satam

Chairman

Vice Chairman

Chief Executive

Officer: Managing

Managing Director

1

1

5.

Mr. K. B. S. Anand

(w.e.f. August 25, 2020)

Member, Independent Director

1

1

3. Provide the web-links where composition of the CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR

Projects approved by the Board are disclosed on the website of the Company:

Composition of the CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects have been hosted on the Company’s

website www.lupin.com and web links for the same are https://www.lupin.com/investors/committees-of-

the-board/, https://www.lupin.com/community/ and https://www.lupinfoundation.in/ respectively.

4. Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of

sub-rule (3) of Rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules,

2014, if applicable (attach the report):

The Company undertakes CSR activities through Lupin Human Welfare & Research Foundation (LHWRF),

its CSR arm. LHWRF conducted third party impact assessment of some projects in the previous years.

LHWRF regularly conducts third party impact assessments of its CSR initiatives through qualitative

feedbacks collected from the beneficiaries of CSR projects. Several projects are undertaken in partnership

with government and semi-government agencies that have their own monitoring mechanisms and impact

assessment systems. It was not possible to conduct any impact assessment during FY 2021 due to the

Covid pandemic lockdown.

LUPIN LIMITED Integrated Report 2020 - 21

100

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00209461)

(DIN: 01734642)

Mumbai, May 12, 2021

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

103

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director)

Nil

b.

Employees to whom options granted amounting to

5% or more, of the total options granted during the

year.

i) Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan was granted 35000 options

under ESOP 2014. The exercise price of the options is

` 2.00.

ii) Dr. Rajender Kamboj was granted 22500 options under

ESOP 2014. The exercise price of the options is ` 2.00.

iii) Dr. Cyrus Karkaria was granted 22500 options under

ESOP 2014. The exercise price of the options is ` 2.00.

iv) Mr. Thierry Volle was granted 15000 options under SESOP

2011. The exercise price of the options is ` 2.00.

c.

Employees to whom options equal to or exceeding 1%

of the issued capital have been granted during the year.

Nil

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

109

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

57.67

-3%

117

5.

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan,

Executive Director, Global CFO &

Head Corporate Affairs

79.53

(Refer Note No. vi)

162

6.

Mr. R. A. Shah,

Independent Director (up to August 12, 2020)

1.36

(Refer Note No. vii)

8

7.

Mr. Richard Zahn,

Independent Director (up to August 12, 2020)

2.77

(Refer Note No. vii)

15

8.

Dr. K. U. Mada,

Independent Director (up to August 12, 2020)

1.22

(Refer Note No. vii)

7

9.

Mr. Dileep C. Choksi,

Independent Director (up to August 12, 2020)

1.18

(Refer Note No. vii)

7

10.

Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard

Independent Director

7.47

-3%

15

11.

Ms. Christine Mundkur

Independent Director

7.59

-2%

15

12.

Mr. K. B. S. Anand

Independent Director (w.e.f. August 12, 2020)

4.91

N.A.

16

13.

Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha

Independent Director (w.e.f. August 12, 2020)

4.91

N.A.

16

14.

Mr. Robert Funsten

Independent Director (w.e.f. November 10, 2020)

2.90

N.A.

16

15.

Mr. Mark D. McDade

Independent Director (w.e.f. January 28, 2021)

1.32

N.A.

16

16.

Mr. R. V. Satam,

Company Secretary

9.60

14%

N.A.

i)

The median remuneration of employees of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2021 was

` 0.49 million.

ii) During the year ended March 31, 2021, there was an increase of 7.22% in the median remuneration of

employees.

iii) During the year ended March 31, 2021, there was an average increase of 7.24% in the salaries of employees

other than key managerial personnel.

iv) As on March 31, 2021, the Company had 18573 permanent employees.

v) Ms. Vinita Gupta is an employee of Lupin Management, Inc., USA, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

111

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of even date which is enclosed as Annexure ‘G’-1 and forms integral

part of this Report.

Ms. Neena Bhatia

(Company Secretary)

FCS No.: 9492

CP. No.: 2661

UDIN : F009492C000280235

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 12, 2021

LUPIN LIMITED Integrated Report 2020 - 21

114

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on the secretarial records based on my audit. I have conducted

online verification and examination of records, as facilitated by the Company due to COVID-19

and subsequent lockdown for the purpose of issuing this Report. I have taken declaration from the

management regarding the said compliances.

2. I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices,

I followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3. I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts

of the Company.

4. Wherever required, I have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws,

rules and regulations and happening of events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of Management. My examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Ms. Neena Bhatia

(Company Secretary)

FCS No.: 9492

CP. No.: 2661

UDIN : F009492C000280235

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 12, 2021

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

115

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

P. & E.D.

6

6

Yes

7

-

Operations, Pipeline

Management and

Strategy

5.

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan,

Executive Director, Global

CFO & Head Corporate Affairs

E.D.

6

6

Yes

2

-

Finance, Mergers

& Acquisitions and

Corporate Affairs

6.

Mr. R. A. Shah*

(up to August 12, 2020)

I. N-E.D.

2

2

Yes

7

4/2

Solicitor specialising

in broad spectrum of

Corporate laws

7.

Mr. Richard Zahn

(up to August 12, 2020)

I. N-E.D.

2

2

Yes

-

-

Strong

pharmaceutical

background and

General Management

8.

Dr. K. U. Mada

(up to August 12, 2020)

I. N-E.D.

2

2

Yes

-

-

Economist and

Development Banker

9.

Mr. Dileep C. Choksi**

(up to August 12, 2020)

I. N-E.D.

2

2

Yes

11

9/2

Tax expert and

Financial Advisor

10.

Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard

I. N-E.D.

6

6

No

6

-

Strong

pharmaceutical

background and

General Management

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

117

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and business/functional heads. As the

Board believes in ‘safety first’ approach, health/safety concerns are deliberated in detail at Board meetings.

Board meeting dates are finalised after ascertaining convenience of all Directors. Tentative annual calendar

11.

Ms. Christine Mundkur

I. N-E.D.

2

2

Yes

4

1/-

Strong

pharmaceutical

background and

General Management

12.

Mr. K. B. S. Anand ***

(w.e.f. August 12, 2020)

I. N-E.D.

4

4

N.A.

3

1/-

General Management

and Marketing.

13.

Dr. Punita Kumar- Sinha ****

(w.e.f. August 12, 2020)

I. N-E.D.

4

4

N.A.

8

8/2

Finance and Mergers

& Acquisitions.

14.

Mr. Robert Funsten

(w.e.f. November 10, 2020)

I. N-E.D.

2

2

N.A.

1

-

Corporate Counsel

and Mergers &

Acquisitions.

15.

Mr. Mark D. McDade

(w.e.f. January 28, 2021)

I. N-E.D

2

2

N.A.

5

2/2

Biopharmaceutical

business and General

Management.

*

Mr. R. A. Shah was Independent Director of Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Healthcare Limited, Pfizer Limited,

BASF India Limited and Non-Independent Director of Godfrey Philips India Limited and Atul Limited.

** Mr. Dileep C. Choksi was Independent Director of Deepak Nitrite Limited, AIA Engineering Limited, Arvind Limited,

Swaraj Engines Limited and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

*** Mr. K. B. S. Anand is Independent Director of Tata Chemicals Limited, Borosil Limited and Marico Limited.

**** Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha is Independent Director of JSW Steel Limited, Rallis India Limited and SREI

Finance Limited.

LUPIN LIMITED Integrated Report 2020 - 21

118

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of Lupin Chemicals Limited which was rechristened

Lupin Limited upon amalgamation with Lupin Laboratories Limited. Thereafter, he was with RPG Life

Sciences, as President & Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Sharma rejoined the Company on August 25, 2003 and

was appointed as: Managing Director on September 29, 2003. He was elevated as Vice

Managing Director. In compliance

with Regulation 20(3) of the Listing Regulations, Mr. Choksi, Chairman of the Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee, attended the 38th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 12, 2020.

Mr. Choksi and Dr. Mada, retired at the conclusion of the 38th Annual General Meeting, on completion of their

second terms as Independent Directors of the Company.

Effective August 25, 2020, the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee was reconstituted and comprises

Mr. K. B. S. Anand, Independent Director, Chairman, Mr. Nilesh D. Gupta and Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha,

Independent Director. Mr. R. V. Satam, Company Secretary, acts as the Secretary of the Committee.

The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee regularly reviews activities pertaining to investors services i.e.

implementation and management of employee stock options plans, dividend disbursement, transfer/

transmission of shares in physical mode, dematerialisation of shares, activities related to the Investor

Education & Protection Fund and compliances with several regulatory provisions to ensure that best quality

services are offered to Investors. The Committee closely monitors redressal of investors’ grievances and

related aspects.

During the year, the Company received and resolved 10 complaints from shareholders regarding transfer

of shares, non-receipt of dividend, non-receipt of annual report etc. As on March 31, 2021, no complaint

remained pending/unattended. No share transfer/complaint remained pending for more than 15 days.

Details of Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee Meetings

During the year, one meeting of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee was held on March 24, 2021,

the attendance at which was as under: -

Sl.

No. Name of the Director

No. of Meetings

Held

Attended

a.

Mr. Dileep C. Choksi, Chairman (up to August 12, 2020)

N.A.

N.A.

b.

Dr. K. U. Mada (up to August 12, 2020)

N.A.

N.A.

c.

Mr. K. B. S. Anand, Chairman (w.e.f. August 25, 2020)

1

1

d.

Mr. Nilesh D. Gupta

1

1

e.

Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha (w.e.f. August 25, 2020)

1

1

[5] Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

Up to August 12, 2020, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee comprised, three Independent Directors

i.e. Dr. K. U. Mada, Chairman, Mr. R. A. Shah and Mr. Richard Zahn. In compliance with Regulation 19(3) of the

Listing Regulations, Dr. Mada attended the 38th Annual General Meeting of the Members held on August 12,

2020. Dr. Mada, Mr. Shah and Mr. Zahn, retired at the conclusion of the 38th Annual General Meeting, on

completion of their second terms as Independent Directors of the Company.

Effective August 25, 2020, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee was reconstituted and

comprises only Independent Directors i.e. Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard, Chairman, Ms. Christine Mundkur and

Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha. Mr. R. V. Satam, Company Secretary, acts as the Secretary of the Committee.

The composition of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is in compliance with the provisions of

Section 178(1) of the Act and Regulation 19(1) of the Listing Regulations. In terms of Regulation 19(2) of the

Listing Regulations, Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard, Independent Director is the Chairman of the Committee.

Role of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

Pursuant to Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 19(4) read with Part D of Schedule II of the Listing

Regulations, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee performs the following functions: -

1) formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a

director and recommend to the board of directors, a policy relating to the remuneration of the directors,

key managerial personnel and other employees;

2) formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of independent directors and the Board of Directors;

3) devising a policy on diversity of the Board of Directors;

4) identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in senior

management in accordance with the criteria laid down and recommend to the Board of Directors their

appointment and removal;

LUPIN LIMITED Integrated Report 2020 - 21

122

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

43.15

1.36

-

13.16

57.67

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan, Executive Director, Global

CFO & Head Corporate Affairs

54.78

0.62

9.87

14.26

79.53

Note: Ms. Vinita Gupta is an employee of Lupin Management, Inc., USA, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors:

Non-Executive Directors are paid sitting fees for attending Board/Committee Meetings which are well

within the limits prescribed by the Act and Rules made thereunder. In addition to sitting fees, Non-Executive

Directors are paid Commission in recognition of significant contributions made by them to the Company’s

business. In compliance with the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company, Sections 197, 198

and other applicable provisions of the Act and Rules made thereunder and Regulation 17(6) of the Listing

Regulations, the Members, at the 38th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 12, 2020,

vide an Ordinary Resolution, approved payment of commission to Non-Executive Directors not exceeding in

the aggregate 0.5% per annum of the Company’s standalone net profits, computed in the manner laid down

by Section 198 and other applicable provisions of the Act, for a period of five years commencing

April 1, 2020. An amount of ` 51.81 million has been approved by the Board towards commission to

non-executive directors for FY 2020-21. Annual remuneration of a single non-executive director did not

exceed fifty per cent of the total annual remuneration payable to all non-executive directors which is in

compliance with Regulation 17(6) of the Listing Regulations.

Details of Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors are as under: -

Name of the Director

No. of Equity Shares held as

on March 31, 2021

Remuneration for 2020-21 (` in million)

Sitting Fees

Commission

Value of

Perquisites

Total

Mrs. Manju D. Gupta,

Chairman

3,871,162

0.14

7.50

-

7.64

Dr. Kamal K. Sharma

Vice Chairman

149,900

0.30

10.00

14.24

24.54

Mr. R. A. Shah,

Independent Director

(up to August 12, 2020)

32,000

0.08

1.28

-

1.36

5) whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the Independent Director, based on the report

of performance evaluation of Independent Directors;

6) recommend to the Board, all remuneration in whatever form, payable to the senior management;

7) specifying the manner for effective evaluation of performance of the Board, its Committees and

individual Directors to be carried out either by the Board, by the NRC or by an Independent external

agency and review its implementation and compliance; and

8) administration of the Employees Stock Option Plans.

Remuneration of Executive Directors:

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee recommends to the Board, the remuneration payable to the

Executive Directors and Key Managerial Personnel at the time of their appointment/re-appointment within

the limits approved by the Members and in line with Company’s annual increment cycle. The Company

follows a market-linked remuneration policy. While reviewing/approving the remuneration, the Committee

considers various factors viz. qualifications, leadership qualities, relevant experience, expertise,

responsibilities shouldered, volume of business and profits of the Company. Remuneration limits of Executive

Directors are prescribed by Section 197, Schedule V, Part II, Section I of the Act and Rules made thereunder.

The Committee also approves annual revisions and performance-linked incentives of Executive Directors

and Key Managerial Personnel. With a view to attract, retain and motivate the best and deserving talent, the

Company benchmarks its remuneration/employee benefits with its industry peers. Executive Directors are

not paid sitting fees for attending meetings of the Board and its Committees.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

123

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Mr. Dileep C. Choksi, Independent Director. Mr. Choksi retired

at the conclusion of the 38th Annual General Meeting, on completion of his second term as an Independent

Director of the Company.

On August 25, 2020, Mr. K. B. S. Anand, Independent Director was appointed as Member of the Corporate

Social Responsibility Committee. The composition of the Committee is in compliance with Section 135(1) of

the Act which provides for the appointment of three or more Directors out of which atleast one Director shall

be an Independent Director. The terms of reference of the Committee broadly comprises: -

 Monitoring the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy;

 Recommending and approving the amount of expenditure incurred on CSR activities to be undertaken by

the Company as specified in Schedule VII of the Act;

 Review the monitoring mechanism for ensuring implementation of projects/programs/activities proposed

to be undertaken by the Company; and

 Formulate and recommend to the Board, an annual action plan in pursuance of its CSR policy, which

includes list of CSR projects or programmes that are approved to be undertaken in areas or subjects

LUPIN LIMITED Integrated Report 2020 - 21

124

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director, Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan, Executive Director, Global CFO and

Head Corporate Affairs (w.e.f. August 6, 2020) and Mr. Sunil Makharia, President - Finance. Mr. R. V. Satam,

Company Secretary, acts as the Secretary of the Committee. The Company has in place, a Risk Management

framework which defines the roles and responsibilities at various levels in the organisation. The ongoing

review process is in line with the framework which helps identify the critical ‘risks that matter’ and focus on

emerging risks in the present business environment. The Risk Management Committee ensures that there

is a robust process of identifying key ‘risks that matter’ based on the probability of occurrence, its potential

business and financial impact and volatility along with focus on its implementation and mitigation plans.

Details of the Risk Management Committee Meeting

Meeting of the Risk Management Committee was held on March 22, 2021, attendance at which was as under: -

Sl.

No. Name of the director

No. of Meetings

Held

Attended

a.

Dr. Kamal K. Sharma

1

1

b.

Ms. Vinita Gupta

1

1

c.

Mr. Nilesh D. Gupta

1

1

d.

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan (w.e.f. August 6, 2020)

1

1

e.

Mr. Sunil Makharia

1

1

[8] Independent Directors’ Meeting:

As on March 31, 2021, the Company had six Independent Directors which was in compliance with Regulation

17(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. Section 149(8) read with Clause VII of Schedule IV of the Act,

Regulation 25(3) of the Listing Regulations and Clause No. 2.3 of Secretarial Standards-1 mandates that the

Independent Directors shall hold atleast one meeting in a year, without the attendance of non-independent

directors and members of Management.

A meeting of the Independent Directors was held on March 19, 2021 without the presence of any

non-independent director and members of Management. All the Independent Directors attended the

meeting which was chaired by Ms. Christine Mundkur. The Independent Directors appreciated the

contributions of Mr. R. A. Shah, Mr. Richard Zahn, Dr. K. U. Mada and Mr. Dileep C. Choksi, Independent

Directors, who retired from the Board effective August 12, 2020, on completion of their second terms as

Independent Directors of the Company.

The Independent Directors reviewed the performance of non-independent directors, Chairman of the

Company and the Board as a whole and assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information

between the Company management and the Board which was necessary for the Board to effectively and

reasonably perform its duties. They acknowledged the quality, adequacy and timeliness of the flow of

information from the Management. The Independent Directors appreciated the detailed presentations made

by Ms. Vinita Gupta, Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Nilesh D. Gupta,: Managing

letter

of appointment is issued inter-alia covering roles, functions, duties, responsibilities and terms and conditions

of appointment. Business Heads of the Company make regular presentations on financial/business unit-wise

performance, environment, health and safety measures undertaken at plant locations. Press Releases

disseminated to the Stock Exchanges are circulated to Directors. Independent Directors are familarised

with policies, procedures, business strategies, risk management framework, functions, and operations of

the Company and its subsidiaries. Independent Directors have access to the Company information and are

provided freedom to interact with the Senior Managerial personnel of the Company. Pursuant to

Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the Familiarisation Program formulated by the Company for

Independent Directors has been hosted on the Company’s website www.lupin.com web link for which is

https://www.lupin.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/familiarisation-programme.pdf.

[11] General Body Meetings:

Details of the last three Annual General Meetings: -

Year

Day, Date

and Time

Location

No. of Special Resolutions passed

2017 - 18

Wednesday,

August 8, 2018,

at 2.30 p.m.

Rang Sharda

Natyamandir,

Bandra Reclamation,

Bandra (West),

Mumbai - 400 050.

One Special Resolution was passed for keeping the Register of

Members and other registers/records of the Company maintained

under Section 88 of the Act and copies of the Annual returns filed

under Section 92 of the Act at Link Intime Pvt. Ltd., C101, 247 Park,

LBS Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai-400 083, Registrar & Share Transfer

Agent, instead of the Registered Office of the Company.

LUPIN LIMITED Integrated Report 2020 - 21

126

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter, telephone, e-mail or in person at

Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd. Unit: Lupin Limited, C 101, 247 Park, LBS Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai - 400 083,

Tel: +91 22 4918 6270, Toll Free No. 1800 1020 878, E-mail: rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in.

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

In compliance with MCA General Circular No. 02/2021 dated January 13, 2021 read with Circular No.

20/2020 dated May 5, 2020, the 39th Annual General Meeting will be held at 4.30 p.m. (IST) on Wednesday,

August 11, 2021, through Video Conferencing/other audio-visual means. Kindly refer to the Notice of the

39th Annual General Meeting for details.

FINANCIAL CALENDAR

First quarter results

: July/August 2021

Second quarter results

: October/November 2021

Third quarter results

: January/February 2022

Annual results

: April/May 2022

Annual General Meeting : July/August 2022

RECORD DATE

Wednesday, July 28, 2021, shall be the Record date for determining the entitlement of Members for dividend

for the year ended March 31, 2021, if declared at the 39th Annual General Meeting. Dividend shall be paid to: -

a) beneficial owners at the end of business hours on Wednesday, July 28, 2021, as per lists furnished by

National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (I) Limited (CDSL), in

respect of shares held in electronic form; and

b) persons whose names appear on the Register of Members as at the end of business hours on Wednesday,

July 28, 2021, in respect of shares held in physical form.

DIVIDEND PAYMENT

Dividend, if declared shall be remitted electronically i.e. through NACH/NEFT etc., wherever bank details

of shareholders are available and in other cases, through demand drafts.

SHARES LISTED AT

The equity shares of the Company are listed at: -

BSE Limited (BSE)

Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,

Dalal Street, Mumbai Samachar Marg,

Mumbai - 400 001.

National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)

Exchange Plaza,

Bandra Kurla Complex,

Bandra (East),

Mumbai - 400 051.

Annual Listing fees for the year 2021-22 have been paid to BSE and NSE.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

129

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 01734642)

Mumbai, May 12, 2021

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

135

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan, Executive Director, Global CFO &

Head of Corporate Affairs, do hereby certify to the Board that: -

(a) We have reviewed the Financial Statements and the Cash Flow Statement for the year ended March 31, 2021

and that to the best of our knowledge and belief: -

(i) the said statements do not contain any materially untrue statements or omit any material fact, or

contain statements that might be misleading; and

(ii) the said statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in

compliance with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

(b) There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during

the year which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

(c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and

that we have evaluated the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company pertaining

to financial reporting and have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the

design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken

or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

(d) We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee: -

(i) significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year, if any;

(ii) significant changes in accounting policies during the year, if any, and that the same have been

disclosed in the notes to the financial statements; and

(iii) instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of

the management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system

over financial reporting.

For LUPIN LIMITED

For LUPIN LIMITED

Nilesh D. Gupta

Ramesh Swaminathan: Managing

letter dated 1 October 2018

with addendum to our Engagement: letter dated 28 May 2020.

2. This report contains details of compliance of conditions of corporate governance by Lupin Limited (‘the

Company’) for the year ended 31 March 2021 as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of

regulation 46 (2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time

(‘Listing Regulations’) pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the Company with Stock Exchanges.

Management’s Responsibility

3. The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under the listing regulations, is

the responsibility of the Company’s Management including the preparation and maintenance of all

relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility includes the design, implementation

and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of

Corporate Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4. Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for

ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an

expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5. Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable

assurance whether the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as

stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year ended 31 March 2021.

6. We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance compliance by the Company in

accordance with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and

Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance both issued by the Institute of the Chartered

Accountants of India (the “ICAl”), in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate. The Guidance

Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethicsissued by the ICAI.

7. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1,

Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other

Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8. In our opinion, and to the best of our information and according to explanations given to us, we certify

that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the

above-mentioned Listing Regulations.

9. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the

efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on use

10. The certificate is addressed and provided to the members of the Company solely for the purpose to

enable the Company to comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations and it should not be used

by any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or

any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate is shown or into

whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

Venkataramanan Vishwanath

Partner

Membership No: 113156

Bengaluru, May 12, 2021

ICAI UDIN: 21113156AAAACE8713

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

137

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director

b) Details of the BR head:

Sl. No. Particulars

Details

1.

DIN

01734642

2.

Name

Mr. Nilesh D. Gupta

3.

Designation: Managing

Managing Director

(DIN: 01734642)

Mumbai, May 12, 2021

LUPIN LIMITED Integrated Report 2020 - 21

148

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 01734642

Executive Director, Global CFO &

Head Corporate Affairs

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Bengaluru

Dated: May 12, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 12, 2021

DIN: 01833346

LUPIN LIMITED Integrated Report 2020 - 21

160

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 01734642

Executive Director, Global CFO &

Head Corporate Affairs

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

DIN: 01833346

Place: Bengaluru

Dated: May 12, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 12, 2021

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

161

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 01734642

Executive Director, Global CFO &

Head Corporate Affairs

DIN: 01833346

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Bengaluru

Dated: May 12, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 12, 2021

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

163

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 01734642

Executive Director, Global CFO &

Head Corporate Affairs

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

DIN: 01833346

Place: Bengaluru

Dated: May 12, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 12, 2021

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

165

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan (w.e.f. March 26, 2020)

Executive Director, Global CFO & Head

Corporate Affairs

Mr. Sunil Makharia (from June 10, 2019 to

Interim Chief Financial Officer

March 25, 2020)

Mr. R. V. Satam

Company Secretary

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director)

Miss Veda Nilesh Gupta (Daughter of: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 01734642

Executive Director, Global CFO &

Head Corporate Affairs

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

DIN: 01833346

Place: Bengaluru

Date: May 12, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 12, 2021

65. The Company evaluates events or transactions that occur after the consolidated balance sheet date

but prior to the issuance of consolidated financial statements and concluded that no subsequent

events have occurred through May 12, 2021 that require adjustment to or disclosure in the consolidated

financial statements.

66. In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared COVID-19 to be a pandemic. Supply Chain

disruptions as a result of the outbreak started with restrictions on movement of goods, closure of

borders etc., in several countries followed by a global lockdown in March 2020 announced by the

various governments, to contain the spread of COVID-19. Similar restrictions continue to prevail in

2021 in various geographies. Since the Group manufactures and supplies pharmaceutical products

which is categorized under essential goods, the manufacturing and supplies of the products has been

functioning with minimal disruptions. The situation is likely to further improve with easing of restrictions

in the coming days.

In light of these circumstances, the Group has adopted measures to curb the spread of infection in

order to protect the health of its employees and ensure business continuity with minimal disruption

including remote working, maintaining social distancing, sanitization of work spaces etc. The Group has

considered internal and external information while finalizing various estimates in relation to its financial

statement up to the date of approval of the financial statements by the Board of Directors and has not

identified any material impact on the carrying value of tangible and intangible assets, financials assets,

inventory, receivables etc as well as borrowings and liabilities accrued.

As mentioned above, since the Group is into manufacturing and supply of pharmaceutical products

(essential goods) there is no significant impact on the overall demand of the goods and its supply chain.

The Group has also not observed any significant delay in the collection from customers thus there is no

significant increase in credit risk. Further, the Group’s liquidity position is adequate to service all its near

term debt and other financing arrangements/liabilities.

The actual impact of the global health pandemic may be different from that which has been estimated,

as the COVID-19 situation evolves globally. The Group will continue to closely monitor any material

changes to future economic conditions.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 01734642

Executive Director, Global CFO &

Head Corporate Affairs

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Bengaluru

Dated: May 12, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 12, 2021

DIN: 01833346

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 01734642

Executive Director, Global CFO &

Head Corporate Affairs

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Bengaluru

Dated: May 12, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 12, 2021

DIN: 01833346

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 01734642

Executive Director, Global CFO &

Head Corporate Affairs

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Bengaluru

Dated: May 12, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 12, 2021

DIN: 01833346

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 01734642

Executive Director, Global CFO &

Head Corporate Affairs

Company Secretary

ACS - 11973

Place: Bengaluru

Dated: May 12, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 12, 2021

DIN: 01833346

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of comfort for support in respect of its subsidiaries. The Company considers its investments in

subsidiaries as strategic and long-term in nature. The Company is committed to operationally, technically

and financially support the operations of its subsidiaries.

c)

Equity commitment in subsidiaries amounting to ` 17180.8 million.

d)

Other commitments – Non-cancellable short term leases is ` 53.2 million (previous Year ` 1.7 million).

Low value leases is ` 290.2 million (Previous Year ` 212.5 million).

e)

Dividends proposed of ` 6.50 (previous year ` 6/-) per equity share before the financial statements

approved for issue, but not recognised as a liability in the financial statements is ` 2949.2 million (previous

year ` 2718.4 million).

f)

There are product supply commitments pursuant to contracts with customers under dossier agreements.

g)

There are product procurement commitments pursuant to contracts with suppliers under supply

agreements.

h)

Financial and corporate guarantees issued by the company on behalf of subsidiaries are disclosed in

note 36.

36.

Contingent Liabilities:

(` in million)

Particulars

As at

31.03.2021

As at

31.03.2020

a)

Income tax demands/matters on account of deductions/allowances in earlier

years, pending in appeals and potential tax demands in future years in respect

of some uncertain tax issues [` 439.4 million (previous year ` 16.3 million)

consequent to department preferring appeals against the order of the Appellate

Authority passed in favour of the company]

Amount paid there against and included under “Non-Current Tax Assets (Net)” `

1239.9 million (previous year ` 839.8 million)

2258.7

2028.4

b)

Customs duty, Excise duty, Service tax and Sales tax demands for input tax

credit disallowances and demand for additional Entry Tax arising from dispute on

applicable rate are in appeals and pending decisions. Amount paid there against

and included under Note 7 “Other Non-Current Assets” ` 23.9 million (previous

year ` 24.2 million).

122.6

122.2

c)

Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts [excluding interest

(amount unascertained) in respect of a claim] for transfer charges of land,

octroi duty, local body tax, employee claims, power*, trademarks, pricing and

stamp duty.

Amount paid there against without admitting liability and included under Note 7

“Other Non-Current Assets” ` 206.8 million (previous year ` 206.5 million).

*Demand raised by Maharashtra State Electricity Development Corporation

Limited (MSEDCL) challenging Group Captive Generating Plant (GCGP) status of

power supplier’s Plant at Tarapur and Pune location.

1814.9

1103.3

d): Letter of comfort issued by the Company towards the credit facilities sanctioned

by the bankers of subsidiary companies aggregating ` 29.2 million (previous year

` 7566.5 million).

-

7566.5

e)

Outstanding credit facilities against corporate guarantees given in respect of

credit facilities sanctioned by bankers of subsidiary companies for the purpose

of acquisitions, working capital and other business requirements aggregating `

49702.5 million (previous year ` 60993.6 million).

44559.7

54777.1

f)

Financial guarantee aggregating to ` 3399.6 million (previous year ` 9382.4

million) given to third party on behalf of subsidiaries for contractual obligations.

-

-

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director

Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan (w.e.f. March 26, 2020)

Executive Director, Global CFO &

Head Corporate Affairs

Mr. Sunil Makharia (from June 10, 2019 to March 25, 2020)

Interim Chief Financial Officer

Mr. R. V. Satam

Company Secretary

Non-Executive Directors

Mrs. Manju D. Gupta

Chairman

Dr. Kamal K. Sharma

Vice Chairman

Mr. R. A. Shah (upto August 12, 2020)

Mr. Richard Zahn (upto August 12, 2020)

Dr. K. U. Mada (upto August 12, 2020)

Mr. Dileep C. Choksi (upto August 12, 2020)

Mr. Jean-Luc Belingard

Ms. Christine Ann Mundkur (w.e.f. April 1, 2019)

Mr. K.B.S. Anand (w.e.f August 12, 2020)

Dr. Punita Kumar Sinha (w.e.f from August 12, 2020)

Mr. Robert Funsten (w.e.f. November 10, 2020)

Mr. Mark D. McDade (w.e.f. from January 28, 2021)

Category V: Others (Relatives of KMP and Entities in which the KMP and Relatives of KMP have control or

significant influence)

Ms. Kavita Gupta (Daughter of Chairman)

Dr. Anuja Gupta (Daughter of Chairman)

Dr. Richa Gupta (Daughter of Chairman)

Ms. Shefali Nath Gupta (Wife of: Managing

Letter of Comfort issued by the Company to the bankers of a Subsidiary

Lupin Pharmaceuticals Inc.

-

1891.6

20.

Corporate guarantees issued by the Company to the bankers of subsidiary companies

Lupin Pharmaceuticals Inc.

11569.7

8550.1

Other Subsidiaries

1326.6

-

21.: Letter of Awareness issued by the Company to the bankers of subsidiary companies

-

Laboratorios Grin SA de CV, Mexico

29.2

-

22.

Withdrawal of corporate guarantees given by the Company to the bankers of

subsidiary companies

Kyowa Pharmaceutical Industry Co. Limited

-

14293.6

Hormosan Pharma GMBH Germany

620.8

77.7

Generic Health Pty. Ltd., Australia

271.8

-

Lupin Atlantis Holdings SA, Switzerland

378.3

-

Kyowa Criticare Co. Ltd Japan

-

374.5

Lupin Healthcare (UK) Limited, UK

60.8

-

Lupin Inc. USA

21386.0

21991.3

23.

Withdrawal of Letter of Comfort by the Company to the bankers of subsidiary

companies

Lupin Pharmaceuticals Inc.

7566.5

-

24.

Withdrawal of Guarantees issued by the Company on behalf of subsidiary companies

for contractual obligations

Lupin Atlantis Holdings SA, Switzerland

5864.0

-

Related party transactions above 1% of revenue from operations are disclosed separately.

(` in million)

Compensation paid to Key Management Personnel

For the

year ended

31.03.2021

For the

year ended

31.03.2020

Short-term employee benefits

123.2

83.5

Post-employment benefits

12.1

12.1

Share based payments

11.5

5.8

Total

146.8

101.4

Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties:

The sales to and purchases from related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length

transactions. Outstanding balances at the year-end are unsecured and interest free and settlement occurs in cash.

C. Balances due from/to the related parties:

(` in million)

Sr.

No.

Balances

As at

31.03.2021

As at

31.03.2020

1.

Investments

Subsidiaries

71976.2

51247.3

2.

Deposits paid under Leave and License arrangement for premises

Others

29.0

43.4

3.

Trade Receivables

Subsidiaries

22989.8

27081.9

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Letter of Comfort issued by the Company to the bankers of subsidiary companies

-

7566.5

10.

Corporate guarantees issued by the Company to the bankers of subsidiary

companies

49702.5

60993.6

11.

Guarantees issued by the Company on behalf of subsidiary companies for

contractual obligations

3399.6

9382.4

12.: Letter of Awareness issued by the Company to the bankers of subsidiary

companies

29.2

-

Transactions and balances with Jointly Controlled Entity have been reported at full value.

57. In March 2017 the Ministry of Corporate Affairs issued the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)

(Amendments) Rules 2017 notifying amendments to Ind AS 7 ‘Statement of Cash Flows’. These amendments are in

accordance with the amendments made by International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) to IAS 7 ‘Statement

of Cash Flows’. The below disclosure is in line with such amendments suggested:

(` in million)

Particulars

April 1,

2020

Cash Flows

Non-Cash Changes

March 31,

2021

Acquisition

Foreign

Exchange

Movement

Fair Value

Changes

Non-Current Borrowings

Unsecured

Deferred Sales Tax Loan from

Government of Maharashtra

3.1

(1.6)

-

-

-

1.5

Current maturities of Non-Current

Borrowings

2.3

(0.7)

-

-

-

1.6

Current Borrowings

Secured

Loans from banks

52.9

455.0

-

-

-

507.9

Unsecured

Loans from banks

-

2480.0

-

-

-

2480.0

Interest accrued but not due on

Borrowings

-

-

-

-

-

-

Total Liabilities from financing activities

58.3

2932.7

-

-

-

2991.0

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director

DIN: 01734642

Place: Mumbai

Dated: May 12, 2021

Executive Director, Global CFO & Head

Corporate Affairs

DIN: 01833346

Company Secretary

ACS – 11973

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

