Managing Director's Statement

04 Corporate Identity

06 Key Differentiators

08 Area of Operations

09 Best-in-class Technology

10

Key Milestones

YEAR IN REVIEW

12-17

12

Operational Highlights

14

Key Performance Indicators for Network

16

Accolades

AGILITY. TENACITY. RESILIENCE.

18-54

AGILITY

20 COVID-19 Response

24 Leveraging Digital

TENACITY

30 Speciality Strength

34 Strong Focus on Research and Academics

38 Educational Initiatives

42 Operational Excellence and Service Quality

RESILIENCE

46 Expansion and Improvement Projects

48 Leading The Way in Creating Awareness

and Impact

52 Alternate Businesses

ESG FOCUS

58-71

63 Environment

64 Social

65 Governance

66 Board of Directors

69 Management Team

70 General Medical Advisory Council

STATUTORY REPORTS

72-143

72 Management Discussion and Analysis Report

89 Directors’ Report

119 Corporate Governance Report

FY 2020-21 highlights

NETWORK FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

As the world grappled with the biggest

health and humanitarian crisis in more

than a century, healthcare ecosystems

swiftly geared themselves to address

overwhelming challenges. Millions of

lives were at stake, which needed swift

coordination and decisive action.

At Max Healthcare Institute Limited ("Max Healthcare"), we remained

resolute in the face of the crisis – tenaciously preparing and

strengthening our people and processes to deliver the highest

standards of care and save as many lives as we could, along with

protecting our people from the perils of highly contagious COVID-19

infection.

Protecting the interests of our patients remained at the core of all

our strategies. We proactively augmented our infrastructure and

swiftly customised our services according to the need of the hour.

From providing teleconsultation facilities to upgrading hospitals with

necessary equipment and trained personnel, we did everything

possible to ensure that our patients are provided with highest quality

care. Given the proliferation of digital media following lockdowns,

our remote monitoring capabilities through Max@Home services

produced encouraging outcomes.

While the COVID-19 pandemic continued to transform ways of

living, we were constantly adapting to new standards and adding

convenience to healthcare delivery. In a year of extremes and

extraordinary challenges, our teams rallied together and exhibited

remarkable resilience. Their dedication and tenacity enabled us to

counter the adversity and give the best care to our patients and

create value for our stakeholders. Their passion to excel and provide

quality care continues to inspire us and we are committed to serve

with greater transparency, consistency, efficiency and collaboration.

NETWORK OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE

INR 50.1

Average Revenue Per Occupied Bed

(ARPOB)* (INR ‘000)

64.9%

Average Inpatient Occupancy

5.2 Days

Average Length of Stay (ALOS)

*ARPOB excludes revenue from Max Lab operations

SOCIAL

5,50,000

Average Training Hours

132.5 CRORE

Worth Free Medical Treatment

6,314

Number of Students Trained

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

144-290

144 Standalone Financial Statements

216 Consolidated Financial Statements

INR 636 CRORE

Operating EBITDA | 7.9%

17.5%

Operating margin | 290 bps

INR 3,881 CRORE

Gross Revenue | 10.9%

Safe Harbour Statement

Some information in this Annual Report may contain forward-

looking statements which include statements regarding

the Company’s expected financial position and results of

operations, business plans and prospects etc. and are generally

identified by forward-looking words such as “believe,” “plan,”

“anticipate,” “continue,” “estimate,” “expect,” “may,” “will” or

other similar words. Forward-looking statements are dependent

on assumptions or basis underlying such statements. We have

chosen these assumptions or basis in good faith, and we believe

that they are reasonable in all material respects. However, we

caution that actual results, performances or achievements

could differ materially from those expressed or implied in such

forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to

update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a

result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

OUR APPROACH TO VALUE

CREATION

55-57

55 Strategy:

Managing Director's Statement

Never was so much

owed by so many to

so few. - Winston Churchill.

Mr. Abhay Soi

Chairman &: Managing Director

* As on July 31, 2021

DEAR MEMBERS,

The COVID-19 tsunami hit the Indian shores

towards the end of March 2020. Within a week,

the entire nation went into a stringent lockdown to

battle the global pandemic. We found ourselves

peculiarly being the first and last line of defense

against unknown scrouge.

Very swiftly, we needed to set up infrastructure

and processes for large-scale COVID-19

testing, alter the hospital infrastructure to create

isolation zones, ensure the safety of our 25,000+

healthcare and contract workers, provide living

spaces to our staff on the hospital premises and

nearby hotels. In addition, we also needed to

procure a large quantity of protective & diagnostic

equipment, secure our supply chain for essential

medicines and provisions during a period of

extreme scarcity and disruption, and write clinical

protocols for the treatment of a novel and highly

infectious disease. Most importantly, we had

to build courage across our ranks to perform

roles none of us was trained for. And all this was

needed to be done in a matter of days.

OUR RESPONSE TO COVID-19

Our teams took up these challenges on a

war footing and worked tirelessly to serve

thousands of patients. They showed great

tenacity, agility, and tremendous resilience

while fighting the pandemic. They did so in an

uncertain environment at an unimaginable risk to

themselves and their family members working in

high viral load environments putting themselves

at fatal risk and risk-taking the virus home to their

near and dear ones.

MANY FIRSTS

Our topmost priority while battling COVID-19

remained the health and safety of our patients and

staff. We rapidly implemented stringent infection

control measures so that the hospitals don’t

become infection hotspots. I am proud to highlight

that we were the first to publish the COVID-19

Clinical Guidelines online for the industry to adopt.

We were the first private players to volunteer

flagship hospitals in Delhi and Mumbai for the care

of COVID-19 patients, one of the first private labs

to start COVID-19 testing, the first ones to conduct

convalescent plasma therapy trials for critically

ill patients and the first ones to launch a unique

home isolation care service. Across our

network, we worked closely with the

State and Central Governments and

initiated a comprehensive response

plan to address various issues arising

from the pandemic. We trained our

nurses, frontline workers, and doctors

extensively to use the specialised

equipment and the ever-evolving

treatment guidelines to manage

COVID-19 patients. We commenced

over 45+ clinical research projects

around the management of COVID-19

to help understand and treat the

disease better, many of which have

been path-breaking and helped

organisations worldwide to understand

the virus better.

TAKING CARE OF OUR PEOPLE

To ensure the safety of our healthcare

workers, we ensured an uninterrupted

supply of high-quality personal

protection kits (PPE’s). Despite these

precautions, over 750 of our healthcare

workers fell sick, each one of whom

was treated at our hospitals. We

made arrangements for their stay at

the hospitals and nearby hotels to

ensure the safety of their families and

loved ones. With access to vaccines

in January 2021, we commenced an

extensive vaccination drive for our

healthcare workers and have since

fully vaccinated all our staff. Our staff

responded magnificently; the team

morale remained consistently high, had

very low attrition, and witnessed extra-

ordinary team spirit throughout these

challenging days.

LEVERAGING TECHNOLOGY

With COVID-19 induced lockdowns

and disruptions, we realised that a

sizeable chunk of our patients could

not access our services at the hospitals.

Thus, we significantly strengthened our

digital presence and our Max@Home

services to cater to their needs. We saw

a large number of our patients using

our teleconsultation services delivered

through a new app. For the anxious

relatives of patients, we introduced an

innovative feedback and monitoring

system, allowing us to keep them

informed about the progress being

made by the patients. The Max@Home

team used technology to remotely

support and monitor over 2,800*

patients at their homes.

SUPPORTING COMMUNITIES

COVID-19 and the resultant restrictions,

including the stringent lockdown,

brought a great deal of misery,

especially to the weaker sections of

society. We reached out to extend a

helping hand. We treated ~2.35 Lakh

indigent citizens free of charge over the

year. In addition, during the lockdown,

we opened our kitchens and served

over ~3.0 Lakh nutritious meals to

Migrants besides distributing free

medicines to shelter homes.

THE COVID-19 OUTCOMES

SO FAR

We have so far treated over 33,000*

COVID-19 patients in our hospitals.

We also managed over 1,150* patients

in hotels, which were converted

into COVID-19 facilities. The Max@

Home team supported over 2,800*

patients at their homes. We conducted

over ~6.4* Lakh RT-PCR tests and

vaccinated over ~13.2* Lakh people

across the country. Max Healthcare

earned a reputation of being one of

the finest institutions in the country

for the treatment and management of

COVID-19.

THE FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

While we battled COVID-19 on all

fronts, we also implemented structural

cost-saving programs, leading to

improved margins and COVID-19

related temporary cost reductions

resulting in conserving cash and

absorption of losses during the

uncertain period.

Concurrently, the company also

achieved other important milestones

such as implementing a successful

merger, Listing, and successful QIP.

Although the overall revenue de-grew

by 11% (INR 3,881 Crore), through

our efforts, we ensured the network

operating EBITDA grew by 8% and

stood at INR 636 Crore. The operating

margins grew 290 bps YoY to 17.5%.

The Radiant Life Pvt Ltd and MHIL

merger was approved in June, followed

by a successful listing on the Bombay

Stock Exchange and National Stock

Exchange.

Later in the year, the company

completed a successful fund raise of

INR 1,200 Crore through a Qualified

Institutional Placement (QIP). We have

received interest from domestic and

international marquee investors.

THE WAY AHEAD

The COVID-19 battle is far from over.

We will further build on our learnings

and successes since March 2020 and

keep up our fight against the pandemic.

We intend to continue our engagement

in the vaccination drive across the

country to help vaccinate as many

fellow citizens as possible.

On the business end, we will continue

to focus on optimising capacity

utilisation at our existing facilities and

improving channel mix to increase

ARPOB, enhance case mix, embark

upon our envisaged brownfield

expansions, scale up our capital light

adjacencies like Max Lab and Max@

Home and explore inorganic growth

opportunities. In addition, we intend to

pursue our strategy to unlock value in

the retail pathology business.

I am very grateful to all our clinical

teams for their dedication and

commitment to fighting COVID-19.

They displayed great courage, tenacity,

agility, and resilience throughout

the year to face an unprecedented

challenge. I must also thank my fellow

board members and the company’s

leadership team for their guidance,

support, and efforts.

Regards,

Mr. Abhay Soi

Managing Director, Mr. Abhay

Soi is an experienced investor and

turnaround specialist with experience

of commissioning, restructuring and

unlocking value of healthcare assets.

Supporting him are team members

with either deep expertise in the

healthcare industry or world-class

cross-industry functional expertise,

enhancing diversity in the leadership

team. Both experienced and skilled,

our management team is fully geared

up and eager to take up the challenges

ahead.

ROBUST FINANCIAL

PERFORMANCE

Our business has demonstrated

attractive financial performance during

last three fiscal years. The income grew

by 11.1% in Fiscal 2020 as compared

to Fiscal 2019, however, in Fiscal 2021

revenue was impacted primarily in H-1

due to nationwide lockdown triggered

by coronavirus pandemic.

Operating EBITDA growth from

INR 348 Crore in Fiscal 2019 to

INR 590 Crore in Fiscal 2020, represents

a growth of 69%. Also, we improved the

EBITDA further by 7.9% in Fiscal 2021

to INR 636 Crore as compared to Fiscal

2020 despite lower revenues through

timely and agile cost management

actions.

(1) Transplants includes kidney, heart, liver, pancreas, etc. (2) Includes Cardiac Surgery, Cardiac Paed. Surgery, Vascular Surgery, Angioplasty, Angiography

and Other Cardiac Procedures (3) Includes Surgical and Spinal Surgeries (4) Includes Joints and Other surgeries (5) Includes Onco Surgical and bone

marrow transplant (BMT)

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

6

7:

Managing Director

ESG Focus

Setting New Paradigms for ESG

Led Growth for the Industry

Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) criteria are strategic and

operational standards used to assess Max Healthcare's sustainability and ethical

practices that can positively impact the larger ecosystem and encourage holistic

growth. These standards span the financial and non-financial parameters of our

operations. It measures the societal value created by organisations, the impact

of their operations on the planet while growing profits, and commitment to

ethics and transparency.

At Max Healthcare, we have always

known that our business is driven by

a larger responsibility to ensure the

overall wellbeing of society while

creating sustained value for our

stakeholders. Therefore, having a

robust set of ESG goals to define the

parameters of our operations today

and design a sustainable future is an

imperative and not a choice for us.

Our ESG commitments result from our

vision to bring the best care to our

patients, promote healthy societies,

prevent environmental damage, and

be transparent and answerable to our

stakeholders at all times.

As a responsible healthcare provider,

we are conscious of the need to

balance our social duty to enhance

patient care and community health

with a proportionate focus on the

environment and the governance

standards. Along with a focus on

holistic patient care, we are equally

committed to using natural resources,

water, and energy optimally, and

managing waste responsibly. At Max

Healthcare, we understand that a

strong foundation of talent is the

binding force that will give wings to

our future aspirations. Therefore, we

are building an organisation where

our people lead with shared values

in an environment that respects

diversity, fosters inclusion, and

recognises merit. Together, these

principles help us to run ethical and

transparent operations empowered

by stakeholder trust. As one of India's

leading healthcare providers, we

judiciously balance our financial goals

with our ESG commitments to improve

societal health outcomes and reduce

our environmental footprint. We aim

to drive a paradigm change in how

ESG parameters are perceived in

the healthcare sector, going beyond

compliance to deliver tangible and

lasting value.

This year, we are pleased to present

our first ESG coverage as part of this

Annual Report, a voluntary

disclosure undertaken by Max

Healthcare. Through this report,

we discuss how we are conducting

our business responsibly while

committing to make a difference to the

communities and the planet.

For details on our ESG performance and

initiatives please refer to our ESG report.

DELIVERING ON OUR

COMMITMENTS DURING

COVID-19

In FY 2020-21, COVID-19 was an

unprecedented crisis that impacted

everyone globally, unleashing an

all-encompassing misery. Globally,

healthcare services were at the center

of this societal disruption.

Max Healthcare was one of the first

hospitals in India to provide treatment

to COVID-19 affected patients in India

and set up private labs for testing. We

were the first to conduct convalescent

plasma therapy trials for critically ill

patients. To address the rapid spread

of the virus, we established isolation

facilities and operating procedures

for screening, managing, and treating

COVID-19 patients. Our operating

procedures on infection prevention

and control and healthcare worker

safety were strengthened. Stringent

adoption of recommended protocols

and guidelines for providing treatment

covering COVID-19 and non-COVID

patients ensured the safety of our

employees and patients.

Max Healthcare has always

endeavoured to be among India's

most respected and trusted healthcare

providers while creating sustained

value for our stakeholders, including

patients, employees, and investors.

Despite the complex dynamics of

the healthcare industry and other

pandemic-led challenges of 2021,

we successfully delivered on our

business transformation and social and

environmental commitments. At Max

Healthcare, our team of over 15,000

physicians, nurses, paramedics, and

others did exceptional work to deliver

the best of patient care, enhance

operational efficiencies, live the

organisational values, and stay safe.

We are grateful to our doctors, nurses,

paramedics and other frontline teams

who put their lives and that of their

families at stake while delivering care

to many. We are thankful for the trust of

our stakeholders that empowered and

motivated us to bring the best of care to

patients through the pandemic.

OUR ESG APPROACH AND

FOCUS AREAS

At Max Healthcare, we understand and

embrace the importance of integrating

the ESG into the culture and operations

of the organisation. Max Healthcare will

accelerate the adoption of enhanced

ESG principles across our operations

and future growth strategies through a

responsive framework that will cover:

FORMALISED

GOVERNANCE FOR

SMOOTH CROSS-FUNCTION

COORDINATION

ENHANCED CLARITY

AROUND ESG GOALS

AND STANDARDS

COMMUNICATION

THROUGH STRUCTURED

DISCLOSURE AND

MANAGEMENT PROCESS

Max Healthcare's success results from

our long-term business resilience,

focus on ensuring the wellbeing of

stakeholders, efficient operations,

transparent transactions, and the

environmental value we create.

Our growth strategies have long-term

implications for creating and preserving

value for our patients, communities,

and other stakeholders. To strengthen

the foundations of inclusive, ethical,

and sustained growth, we have to

monitor and respond to the current

and evolving interests of our internal

and external stakeholders effectively

and on time. We strive to identify and

respond to existing and emerging

issues that may materially impact

business growth and value creation.

The timely identification of material

issues allows our stakeholders to get

objective insights into parameters

that can hamper, derail or disrupt our

operations and impact the ecosystem

around us. Stringent identification

and mitigation of such risks enable

us to deliver sustainable value to our

stakeholders in the short and long term.

In this regard, we conducted a

detailed materiality assessment

exercise covering both internal and

external stakeholders to identify our

ESG focus areas. We identified a

broad list of material topics through

a detailed analysis of our business

objectives, risks and the change in

global trends. The material issues were

also benchmarked as per key global

frameworks and rating requirements.

We will be working further with all our

stakeholder groups to integrate these

focus areas in our business model and

processes.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

60

61:

Managing Director

Mr. Abhay Soi is the Promoter, Chairman & Managing

Director of Max Healthcare Institute Limited (“Max

Healthcare”). Prior to the demerger of healthcare business

of Radiant Life Care Private Limited (“Radiant Life”) with

Max Healthcare effective June 1, 2020, Mr. Soi was the

Promoter, Chairman &: Managing Director of Radiant Life.

Prior to Radiant Life, Mr. Soi co-founded USD 350 million

a Special Situations Private Equity Fund, where he made

investments across various sectors. He started his career

as a restructuring professional with Arthur Andersen

where he led their financial restructuring business and

subsequently part of the restructuring practice of E&Y and

KPMG.

Mr. Soi is also one of the leading voices for private

healthcare in India and is regularly heard on national

debates on issues facing private healthcare providers. He

is also a member of the General Council of NATHEALTH,

the premier industry body for healthcare in India.

Mr. Soi is an MBA from European University, Belgium

and a Bachelor in Arts from St. Stephen’s College, Delhi

University. Mr Soi was conferred with an honorary doctoral

degree (honoris causa) by Amity University for his immense

contributions to transform and improve the healthcare

system in India.

MR. SANJAY OMPRAKASH NAYAR

Non-Executive Non Independent Director

Mr. Sanjay Omprakash Nayar is a Non-Executive Non

Independent Director of our Company. He was appointed

on the Board of our Company on June 21, 2019. He is the

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors have the pleasure of presenting the 20th Annual

Report on Business and Operations of the Company (“MHIL”

or “Company”) together with the Audited Financial Statements

and the Auditors’ Report thereon for the financial year (“FY”)

ended March 31, 2021.

The Company reported a strong performance during the

FY gone by but more importantly, in FY 2019-20 and

FY 2020-2021, it has laid solid foundations for even stronger

performance across key performance metrics in the years to

come. The Company’s financial results reflect the commitment

to its vision “to be the most well regarded healthcare provider in

India, committed to the highest standards of clinical excellence

and patient care supported by latest technology and cutting

edge research”.

UPDATE ON COVID-19 PANDEMIC

During FY 2020-21, COVID-19 was an unprecedented crisis

that impacted all businesses globally. Your Company was

in forefront of war against COVID-19 and volunteered a few

of its healthcare facilities towards the cause. The Company

was one of the first private labs to start COVID-19 testing.

The Company through one of its partner healthcare facilities,

was also the first to conduct convalescent plasma therapy

trial for critically ill patients. In response to the crisis, isolation

facilities were created, operating procedures on screening of

patients, admission, management and treatment of COVID-19

patients were established. The Company also strengthened

its operating procedures on infection prevention and control,

healthcare worker safety and recommended protocols and

guidelines on providing treatment including performing

surgeries of other patients during the COVID-19 pandemic to

ensure the safety of its employees and patients. Further, your

Company leveraged technology to provide ‘video consultation’

for the patients and offered home management and monitoring

services through Max@Home.

FINANCIAL RESULTS - STANDALONE AND CONSOLIDATED

The highlights of the Company’s financial performance on Standalone and Consolidated basis, for the year ended

March 31, 2021 are summarized below:

(INR in Crore)

Particulars

Standalone

Consolidated

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Revenue from Operations

1,031

59

2,505

1,059

Other Income

106

66

114

48

Total Income

1,137

125

2,619

1,107

Total Expenditure

870

65

2,101

965

Operating Profit

267

60

518

142

Less: Finance Charges

112

60

179

83

Cash Profit

155

-

339

59

Less: Depreciation

91

3

174

46

Profit before exceptional items, tax and share of (profit)/loss

in associates

64

(3)

165

13

Exceptional items

211

-

234

-

Tax Expense/(Income)

18

-

46

-

Net profit/(loss) after tax and before share of (profit)/loss in

associates

(165)

(3)

(115)

13

Share of profit/(loss) in associates

-

-

23

(46)

Net profit/(loss) after tax for the year

(165)

(3)

(138)

59

Other Comprehensive Income/(loss) - Remeasurement loss on

defined benefit

-

-

1

-

Total Comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax

(165)

(3)

(137)

59

Earnings per equity share*

Basic & diluted (INR)

(1.91)

(0.05)

(1.59)

1.01

* Nominal value of INR 10 each

Note: Pursuant to filing of NCLT order approving the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement on June 01, 2020, the Company has

accounted for the merger of healthcare undertaking of Radiant Life Care Private Ltd. ("Radiant") and erstwhile Max India Ltd. as "reverse merger" under

Ind -AS 103 "Business Combination". Accordingly, the financial results for the year ended March 31, 2020 presented above is of Healthcare undertaking

of Radiant and thus, not comparable with the current year. Further, financial year ended March 31, 2021 has the result of ten months operations of the

Company and twelve months of Healthcare undertaking of Radiant.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

88

89:

Managing Director of the Company for a period

of three consecutive years with effect from June 19, 2020

on the terms & conditions as set out in the employment

agreement executed between the Company, the details

whereof have been provided in the CG Report.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

94

95:

Managing Director, Mr. Yogesh

Kumar Sareen, Senior Director & Chief Financial Officer

and Ms. Ruchi Mahajan, Company Secretary & Compliance

Officer are the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company in

accordance with the Section 2(51) and Section 203 of the Act

read with the Companies (Appointment & Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 as on March 31, 2021.

MEETINGS OF THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES

The Board meets at least four times in a year, with a maximum

time gap of 120 days between any two meetings, to discuss

and review the quarterly results and other items of agenda,

including the minimum information required to be placed

before the Board, as per Part A of Schedule II of the Listing

Regulations. The Board also meet and conduct additional

meetings as and when required and thought fit. The dates for

the Board and Committee Meetings are decided in advance

and timely communicated to the Directors.

The Chairman &: Managing Director of the Board, Senior Director

& Chief Financial Officer, Senior Director - Corporate Affairs

and the Company Secretary & Compliance Officer, discuss

the items to be included in the Board agenda. The agenda of

the meeting along with relevant supporting documents and

explanatory notes is generally circulated in advance to all the

Directors entitled to receive the same, to facilitate meaningful

and quality discussions during the meeting. Where it is not

practicable to attach any document to the agenda, it is tabled

before the meeting with specific reference to this effect in the

agenda. In case the detailed agenda is shared in less than

seven days before the date of meeting, the agenda is taken up

with the permission of the

Managing Director of the Company has

not received any remuneration or commission from any of

its subsidiaries. As on March 31, 2021, there is no whole-

time Director in the Company.

5.

No significant or material orders were passed by the

Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which impact the going

concern status and Company’s operations in future.

6.

Buy-back of shares or under Section 67(3) of the Act.

7.

No application was made or any proceeding is pending

under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.

8.

No settlements have been done with banks or financial

institutions.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

Your Directors acknowledge with gratitude the co-operation

and assistance received from the Central Government,

State Governments and all other Government agencies and

encouragement they have extended to the Company.

Your Directors also thank the Shareholders, Financial

Institutions, Banks/ other Lenders, Customers, Vendors and

other Stakeholders for their confidence in the Company and

its Management and look forward for their continuous support.

Your Directors also take this opportunity to extend a special

thanks to the medical fraternity and patients for their continued

cooperation, patronage and trust reposed in the Company.

The Board wishes to place on record its appreciation for the

dedication and commitment of the Company’s employees at all

levels which has continued to be our major strength.

For and on behalf of the Board

Sd/-

Abhay Soi

Date : May 28, 2021

DIN: 00203597

Place: New Delhi

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

0.03

1:0.0038

9.19

Note:

(i)

Except Mr. Abhay Soi, Chairman & Managing

Director of the Company, none of the Directors of

the Company were in receipt of any remuneration

for FY 2020-21. The Company has only paid

sitting fees amounting to INR 1 Lakh per Board /

Committee meeting to its Independent Directors.

2.

The percentage increase in remuneration of each

Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive

Officer, Company Secretary or Manager, if any, in the

FY 2020-21:

During the FY 2020-21, there was no increase in

remuneration and no increments were given across the

Company due to COVID-19 pandemic.

Notes:

(i)

Mr. Abhay Soi was appointed as Non-Executive

Chairman of the Company (retiring Director) w.e.f.

June 21, 2019 and he was re-designated as a

non-retiring Director w.e.f. July 15, 2019 and was

appointed as the Chairman &: Managing Director

of the Company w.e.f. June 19, 2020 for a period

of three years on such terms & conditions as

approved by the Board on June 19, 2020 and the

shareholders of the Company on July 30, 2020. The

details of the remuneration has been provided in

the CG Report. There has been no increase in his

remuneration from June 19, 2020 till date.

(ii)

Dr. Mradul Kaushik was appointed as Manager

of the Company in terms of section 2(51), 2(53)

and 203 the Act w.e.f. August 01, 2019 and he

stepped down from the position of Manager w.e.f.

June 15, 2020. There has been no increase in his

remuneration from August 01, 2019 till June 15,

2021

3.

The percentage increase in median remuneration of

employees in the FY 2020-21: NIL (there was no increase

in remuneration and no increments were given across

the Company due to COVID-19 pandemic).

4.

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of

Company as on March 31, 2021: 4,464 (Four Thousand

Four Hundred Sixty Four) (Previous Year – 4,456 (Four

Thousand Four Hundred Fifty Six).

5.

During the FY 2020-21, variable pay amounting to

INR 85.12 Lakh (Indian Rupees Eighty Five Lakh and

Twelve Thousand) was paid to Mr. Yogesh Kumar

Sareen, Senior Director & Chief Financial Officer and

INR 9.17 Lakh (Indian Rupees Nine Lakh and Seventeen

Thousand) to Ms. Ruchi Mahajan, Company Secretary

and Compliance Officer of the Company as per the

prevailing terms of their remuneration.

6.

Average percentile increase already made in the salaries

of employees other than the managerial personnel in

the last financial year and its comparison with the

percentile increase in the managerial remuneration

and justification thereof and point out if there are any

exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial

remuneration: During the FY 2020-21, no increments

were given across the Company due to COVID-19

pandemic.

7.

It is hereby affirmed that remuneration is in line with

the Nomination and Remuneration and Board Diversity

Policy of the Company.

For and on behalf of the Board

Sd/-

Abhay Soi

Date: May 28, 2021

DIN 00203597

Place: New Delhi

Managing Director

Annexure - 3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

For the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2021

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,

The Members

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

(L72200MH2001PLC322854)

401, 4th Floor, Man Excellenza,

S. V. Road, Vile Parle (West),

Mumbai, Maharashtra-400056

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance

of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good

corporate practices by Max Healthcare Institute Limited

(hereinafter called “the Company”) and the equity shares of the

Company were listed on August 21, 2020 on BSE Limited and

National Stock Exchange of India Limited. Secretarial Audit was

conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for

evaluating the corporate conducts / statutory compliances and

expressing our opinion thereon.

We report that:

a)

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the Company. Our responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based

on our audit.

b)

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records.

The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We

believe that the processes and practices, we followed,

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

c)

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of the financial statements of the Company.

d)

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliances of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

e)

The compliance of the provisions of the corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulation, standards is the

responsibility of the management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

f)

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

g)

The auditor adhered to best professional standards

and practices as could be possible while carrying out

audit during the lock-down conditions due to COVID-19.

The Company made due efforts to make available the

relevant records and documents which were verified

through online means to conduct and complete the audit

in the aforesaid lock-down conditions.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers,

minute books, forms and returns filed and other records

maintained by the Company and also the information

provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized

representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, we

hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the

audit period covering the financial year ended on 31st March,

2021 (“Audit Period”) complied with the statutory provisions

listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board

processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent,

in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms

and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company

for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2021 according to

the provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the rules made

thereunder;

(ii)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’)

and the rules made thereunder;

(iii)

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and

Bye-laws framed thereunder;

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the

rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of

Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment

and External Commercial Borrowings, where applicable;

(v)

The following Regulations prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI

Act’):-

(a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011;

(b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

(c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2018;

(d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share

Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014;

(e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue

and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008-

Not applicable as the Company has not issued

any debt securities during the financial year under

review;

(f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)

Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act

and dealing with client;

(g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009-

Not applicable as the Company has not delisted /

proposed to delist its equity shares from any stock

exchange during the financial year under review;

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

104

105:

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this

report.

To,

The Members

HOMETRAIL BUILDTECH PRIVATE LIMITED

N-110, Panchsheel Park, New Delhi – 110017

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the Company. Our responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based

on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records.

The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We

believe that the process and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management

Representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For NP Gupta & Associates

Practicing Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Neha Gupta

Membership No.: A47714

Place: New Delhi

C P No.: 17685

Date: 28/05/2021

UDIN: A047714C000384811

Annexure-A

Annexure - 4B

FORM NO. MR-3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31.03.2021

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,

The Members,

CROSSLAY REMEDIES LIMITED

CIN: U24239DL2002PLC113719

Registered office address:- N-110, Panchsheel Park,

New Delhi-110017 INDIA

We report that

We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance

of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good

corporate practices by CROSSLAY REMEDIES LIMITED

(hereinafter referred as ‘the Company’). Secretarial Audit was

conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for

evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and

expressing our opinion thereon.

COMPANY’S RESPONSIBILITIES

The Company’s Management and Board of

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this

report.

To,

The Members

CROSSLAY REMEDIES LIMITED

N-110, Panchsheel Park, New Delhi – 110017

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the Company. Our responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based

on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records.

The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We

believe that the process and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management

Representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For S. KHANDELWAL & CO

Sd/-

CS Sanjay Khandelwal

Proprietor

Membership No. 5945

Date: 28/05/2021

C P No. 6128

Place: New Delhi

UDIN: F005945C000384477

Annexure-A

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

112

113

Managing Director

Date : May 28, 2021

Chairman of CSR Committee

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

114

115:

Managing Director

Date : May 28, 2021

Chairman of CSR Committee

Corporate Governance Report of Max Healthcare Institute Limited

("MHIL" / "the Company")

Corporate Governance essentially is the system of structures,

processes, rights, duties and obligations by which companies

are directed and controlled. This governance structure

specifies the distribution of rights and responsibilities among

different participants in the corporation (such as the Board

of Directors, Management, Shareholders, Creditors, Auditors,

Regulators and other stakeholders) and specifies the rules

and procedures for making decisions in corporate affairs.

This is reflected in the Company’s philosophy on Corporate

Governance. This Corporate Governance Report has been

prepared in accordance with the requirements laid down under

Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing

Regulations”) and with a view to meticulously attain standards

of governance.

The prime focus of the Act, is on shareholders’ democracy,

higher transparency and more disclosures, e-governance,

investor protection / minority shareholders and on

professionals’ enhanced role and accountability. The current

Annual Report of the Company contains all the information and

disclosures which are required to be given under the Act and

Listing Regulations.

COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

At MHIL, Corporate Governance is a reflection of its value

system encompassing its culture, policies and relationships

with its stakeholders. The principles of Corporate Governance

are based on transparency, accountability and focus on the

sustainable success of the Company over the long-term.

Corporate Governance is the key attribute in ensuring

commitment to values, ethical business conduct, investors’

protection, excellent work environment leading to highest

standards of management and maximization of everlasting

long-term values. MHIL beholds Corporate Governance

measures as an integral part of business which adds to

considerable internal and external values and contributes to

business growth.

MHIL believes in the philosophy of practicing Code of

Corporate Governance that provides a framework by which

the rights and responsibilities of different constituents such as

the Board, employees and shareholders are defined.

The Company believes that timely disclosures, transparent

accounting policies and a strong independent Board go a long

way in maintaining good Corporate Governance, preserving

shareholders trust and maximizing long-term corporate value.

For establishing good Corporate Governance, the Company

has put systems, procedures, policies, practices, standards

in place to ensure effective strategic planning, optimum risk

management, integrity of internal control and reporting. The

Company’s philosophy on Corporate Governance is, thus,

concerned with the ethics, values and morals of the Company

and its Directors who are expected to act in the best interests

of the Company and remain accountable to shareholders and

other beneficiaries for their actions and properly comply with

all the applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Composition, category & size of the Board:

The Company’s policy is to have an appropriate blend of

Executive and Non-Executive Directors including Independent

Directors, representing a judicious mix of professionalism,

knowledge and experience, in line with the Management’s

Commitment for the principle of integrity and transparency in

business operations for good Corporate Governance.

As on March 31, 2021, the Board was comprised of 7 (seven)

Directors (including one woman Director), out of which 1

(one) was a Promoter & Executive Director, 2 (two) were

Non-Executive & Non Independent Director and 4 (four) were

Non-Executive Independent Directors. The composition of the

Board is in conformity with the Act and Regulation 17(1) of the

Listing Regulations.

Further, as on the date of this Corporate Governance Report,

the Board is comprised of 7 (seven) Directors, out of which

1 (one) is a Promoter & Executive Director, 2 (two) are

Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors and 4 (four) are

Non-Executive Independent Directors (including one woman

Independent Director). The composition of the Board is in

conformity with the Act and Regulation 17(1) of the Listing

Regulations.

The details of appointment / re-appointment of Directors at

the ensuing Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company

have been provided in the Directors’ Report forming part of

this Annual Report.

Board membership criteria and selection process:

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) is

responsible for identifying and evaluating a suitable candidate

for the Board. While selecting a candidate, the NRC reviews

and evaluates the Board’s composition and diversity to ensure

that the Board and its Committees have an appropriate mix of

skills, experience, independence and knowledge for continued

effectiveness.

We acknowledge the importance of diversity in the

Boardroom as a driver of effectiveness. For the Board,

diversity encompasses plurality in perspective, experience,

education, background, ethnicity, nationality, age, gender and

other personal attributes. To ensure a transparent selection

process, the guidance on eligibility criteria and attributes for an

individual’s appointment on the Board, including Independent

Directors, has been defined in the Nomination, Remuneration

and Board Diversity Policy of the Company. The candidate

is, inter-alia, screened based on background, knowledge,

skills, abilities, professional experience and functional

expertise, educational and professional background, personal

accomplishment, age, experience in the healthcare sector,

marketing, technology, finance and other disciplines relevant

to the business etc. and such other factors that the NRC might

consider relevant and applicable from time to time towards

achieving a diverse Board.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

118

119:

Managing Director of the Board, Senior Director

& Chief Financial Officer, Senior Director - Corporate Affairs

and the Company Secretary & Compliance Officer, discuss

the items to be included in the Board agenda. The agenda of

the meeting along with relevant supporting documents and

explanatory notes is generally circulated in advance to all the

Directors entitled to receive the same, to facilitate meaningful

and quality discussions during the meeting. Where it is not

practicable to attach any document to the agenda, it is tabled

before the meeting with specific reference to this effect in the

agenda. In case the detailed agenda is shared in less than

seven days before the date of meeting, the agenda is taken

up with the permission of the Chairman and with the consent

of majority of the Board / Committee members present in the

Meeting, including one Independent Director. The Senior

Management officials are also invited to various Board /

Committee Meetings to provide additional input on the matters

being discussed by the Board and its Committees.

Minimum information placed before the Board Members:

At MHIL, we believe that a diversified, active and well informed

Board is necessary to ensure highest standards of Corporate

Governance. Accordingly, in addition to the regular business

items and update, the Company provides the following

information to the Board and its Committees as and when

required, either as part of the agenda papers or by way of

presentations and discussion material during the meetings:

•

Annual operating plans & budgets and any updates;

•

Capital budgets and any updates;

•

Quarterly results of the Company and its operating divisions

or business segments;

•

Minutes of meetings of Audit & Risk Committee and other

Committees of the Board and also Board Minutes of Unlisted

Subsidiary Companies;

•

Information on recruitment and remuneration of senior

officers just below the Board level, including appointment

or removal of the Chief Financial Officer and the Company

Secretary;

•

Show cause, demand, prosecution notices and penalty

notices which are materially important;

•

Fatal or serious accidents, dangerous occurrences and any

material effluent or pollution problems;

•

Any material default in financial obligations to and by the

Company or substantial non-payment for goods sold by

the Company;

•

Any issue which involves possible public or product liability

claims of substantial nature including any judgment or order

which may have passed strictures on the conduct of the

Company or taken an adverse view regarding another

enterprise that can have negative implications on the

Company;

•

Details of any joint venture or collaboration agreement, if

any;

•

Transactions, if any, that involve substantial payment

towards goodwill, brand equity or intellectual property;

•

Any significant labour problems and their proposed

solutions;

•

Any significant development in human resources/industrial

relations front;

•

Any sale of investments, subsidiaries, assets which are

material in nature and not in normal course of business;

•

Quarterly details of foreign exchange exposures and the

steps taken to limit the risks of adverse exchange rate

movement if material;

•

Non-compliance of any regulatory, statutory or listing

requirements and shareholders service such as non-

payment of dividend, delay in share transfer, etc.

Recording minutes of meetings of the Board & its Committees

and Shareholders:

The minutes of the proceedings of each Board / Committee

/ Shareholders’ Meetings are recorded. Draft minutes of

the Board / Committee meetings are circulated amongst

all members of the Board / Committee for their feedback /

comments. The finalised minutes are entered in the respective

minute’s books within 30 days from the conclusion of the

meeting. A certified copy of the signed minutes are also

circulated to the Board and respective Committee Members in

compliance with the Secretarial Standards - 1.

Post meeting follow-up mechanism:

The Company has an effective post-meeting follow-up

system. The Company tracks important decisions taken and

discussions held at the Board and its Committee meetings till

their closure. After each Board and Committee meeting, action

points arising out of it, are informed to the respective owners

for required action. An action taken report is placed before

Board and Committee Meetings, as may be applicable.

Board meetings and attendance:

During the financial year 2020-21, Six (6) Board meetings

were held on June 1, 2020, June 19, 2020, June 27, 2020,

September 1, 2020, November 11, 2020 and February 06,

2021.

The attendance of Directors at Board Meetings and last Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) held on September 29, 2020 and

number of other directorships and committee memberships / chairmanships as on March 31, 2021, is as under:

S.

No.

Name of the

Director & category

of directorship

No. of Board

Meetings

held during

FY 2020-21

Attendance at

Meetings during

FY 2020-21

No. of Directorship and Committee

Memberships/ Chairmanship held in other

Companies

Name of other listed companies

& categories of directorship

Board

AGM

Directorship$

Committee

Membership$$

Committee

Chairmanship

Name of the Company

Category

1

Mr. Abhay Soi

-Promoter &

ED-CMD*

6

6

Yes

0

0

0

-

2

Ms. Ananya

Tripathi-NENID**

4

4

Yes

1

0

0

J B Chemicals and

Pharmaceuticals

Limited

NENID

3

Mr. Sanjay

Omprakash Nayar-

NENID

6

6

Yes

2

2

0

J B Chemicals and

Pharmaceuticals

Limited

NENID

4

Mr. K Narasimha

Murthy-NEID

6

6

Yes

6

6

4

Max Financial

Services Limited

Nelco Limited

Max Ventures &

Industries Limited

NEID

NEID

NEID

5

Mr. Mahendra

Gumanmalji

Lodha-NEID

6

6

Yes

4

2

2

-

6

Mr. Upendra

Kumar Sinha-

NEID***

6

6

Yes

3

4

3

Havells India Limited

Vedanta Limited

Housing

Development

Finance Corporation

Limited

NEID

NEID

NEID

7

Mr. Michael

Thomas Neeb-

NEID

6

6

Yes

0

0

0

-

8

Mr. Prashant

Kumar-NENID**

2

2

No

9

Ms. Tara Singh

Vachani- NENID***

1

1

No

10 Mr. Dinesh Kumar

Mittal- NENID****

1

-

No

11 Mr. Mohit Talwar-

NENID****

1

1

No

Note:

CMD - Chairman &: Managing Director, ED- Executive Director, NENID - Non-Executive Non Independent Director, NEID - Non-Executive Independent

Director.

$ Excludes directorship in foreign companies, membership of managing committees of various chambers/bodies/Section 8 companies and the Company

as per Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations wherever applicable.

$$ In accordance with Regulation 26(1) of the Listing Regulations, memberships/chairmanships of only Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee in all public limited companies have been taken into account.

* Mr. Abhay Soi was appointed as the Non-Executive

Managing Director / Whole time

Director in any listed company.

Disclosure of relationships between Directors inter-se:

Pursuant to Shareholders’ Agreement dated December 24,

2018 (executed amongst Mr. Abhay Soi and Kayak Investments

Holding Pte. Ltd. (“Kayak”) and Deed of Accession and

Adherence dated June 1, 2020 executed by the Company

(“Post Merger SHA”) applicable to the Company with effect

from June 1, 2020, Kayak has nominated Mr. Sanjay Nayar

and Mr. Prashant Kumar and consequent to resignation of

Mr. Prashant Kumar, Ms. Ananya Tripathi was appointed as a

nominee of Kayak with effect from June 19, 2020 on the Board

of the Company. As on March 31, 2021, Mr. Sanjay Nayar and

Ms. Ananya Tripathi are nominees of Kayak on the Board of

the Company.

Except as mentioned above, none of the Directors is related to

any other Director on the Board.

Number of shares and convertible instruments held by Non-

Executive Directors (including Non-Executive Independent

Director):

As on March 31, 2021, except Mr. K Narasimha Murthy,

Independent Director, who is holding 4,950 (Four Thousand

Nine Hundred Fifty) equity shares of MHIL (on account of his

shareholding in erstwhile Max India Ltd. prior to the Merger

and these equity shares were allotted to him pursuant to

the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement

amongst erstwhile Max India Limited, the Company, Radiant

Life Care Private Limited (“Radiant”), Max India Ltd. (formerly

known as Advaita Allied Health Services Limited) and their

respective shareholders and creditors effective from June

1, 2020 (“Scheme”), none of the Non-Executive Directors

(including Independent Directors) hold any shares or

convertible instruments in the Company (either on their own

or on behalf of any other person on beneficial basis).

Familiarization programme for the Independent Directors:

The Company has established a familiarization programme for

Independent Directors in terms of the provisions of the Listing

Regulations.

All Independent Directors have been briefed about their roles,

functions and responsibilities in the Company. A formal: letter

of appointment together with the induction kit is provided to

the Independent Directors at the time of their appointment,

setting out their roles, functions, duties, responsibilities and

their fiduciary duties as a Director of the Company.

Independent Directors are provided with, amongst other

documents, copy of the constitutional documents of the

Company, latest annual report and internal policies to

familiarize them with the Company’s procedures and practices.

Interactions are held between the Directors and Senior

Management of the Company to familiarize the Independent

Directors with the organizational set-up, functioning of

various departments, internal control processes and relevant

information pertaining to the Company. Apart from the

above, periodic presentations are made at the meetings of

the Board/ various committees of the Board, to familiarize the

Independent Directors with the Company’s strategy, business

performance, business environment, regulatory framework,

operations review, risk management and other related matters.

The familiarization programme aims at helping the Board members

to understand the functions and operations of the Company, its

management, its business model and business risks, nature of

industry in which it operates, the regulatory challenges apart from

their roles, rights, responsibilities in the Company, etc. Details

of the familiarisation programme for the Independent Directors

are put up on the Company’s website at the link: https://www.

maxhealthcare.in/investors/corporate-governance.

Key qualifications, core skills, expertise and attributes available with the Board:

In terms of requirement of the Listing Regulations and in the context of Company’s business operations and activities, the Board

has identified the knowledge / expertise / core skills/ behavioral traits of the Directors, as given below:

Core skills/ Expertise

Mr. Abhay

Soi

Ms. Ananya

Tripathi

Mr. Sanjay

Omprakash

Nayar

Mr. K

Narasimha

Murthy

Mr. Mahendra

Gumanmalji

Lodha

Mr. Upendra

Kumar Sinha

(resigned

w.e.f May 20,

2021)

Mr. Michael

Thomas

Neeb

Ms. Harmeen

Mehta

(appointed

w.e.f May 24,

2021)

People

of

proven

business

capability, people of integrity and

reputation

Experience in handling senior

level

responsibility

(especially

in large complex organizations)

either business or otherwise

Members

are

from

diverse

background that bring different

perspective and experiences

Exposure and understanding of

corporate governance, systems

and control

Experience in health care industry

Background

in

finance,

risk

management and control

Background

in

general

management, human resources,

technology and administration

As far as skills namely business leadership, strategic thinking/

planning skills, problem solving skills, analytical skills, decision

making skills and behavioral traits namely integrity, genuine

interest, interpersonal skills/ communication and active

participation are concerned, all Directors of the Company

possess the same.

The Board is satisfied that it is comprised of highly qualified

members who possess required skills, expertise, diversity and

competencies which is required for effective functioning of the

Company and allow them to make effective contributions to the

Board and its Committees.

Confirmation regarding independence of Independent

Directors:

The Nomination, Remuneration and Board Diversity Policy

sets out the criteria for appointment of Independent Directors.

Each Independent Director, at the time of appointment, and

thereafter at the beginning of each financial year submits

a declaration confirming their independence as well as

compliances under section 149(6) and the rules made

thereunder, Schedule IV of the Act and Regulation 16 and 25

of Listing Regulations and all other applicable provisions of the

Act and Listing Regulations. The declaration of independence

received from the Independent Directors are noted and taken

on record by the Board.

On the basis of confirmations/ declarations/ disclosures

received from the Independent Directors and on evaluation

of the relationship disclosed, the Board confirms that in its

opinion, the Independent Directors of the Company fulfill the

conditions as specified in the Act and Listing Regulations and

are independent of the Management.

Independent Director databank registration:

In compliance with Rule 6(1) of the Companies (Appointment

and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, the Independent

Directors have registered themselves on the data bank

maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs. Requisite

disclosures under Section 149(6) of the Act, have also been

received from the Independent Directors in this regard.

Detailed reasons for the resignation of an Independent

Director who resigns from the Board before the expiry of

his tenure:

Mr. Upendra Kumar Sinha has stepped down from the position

of Independent Director of the Company with effect from May

20, 2021 as he has accepted a more active advisory role in the

Company with effect from June 1, 2021 to help the Company

/ its subsidiaries in strategic and regulatory affairs, in view of

the unprecedented ongoing challenging COVID-19 pandemic

time.

Except as mentioned above, there is no other material reason

for his resignation.

Separate Meeting of Independent Directors:

In terms of requirements under Schedule IV of the Act

and Regulation 25(3) of Listing Regulations, for the

FY 2020-21, a separate meeting of Independent Directors was

held on May 28, 2021. Except Ms. Harmeen Mehta (who was

appointed on the Board on May 24, 2021), all Independent

Directors attended this meeting.

The Independent Directors at the meeting, inter-alia, reviewed

the following:

•

Performance of Non-Independent Directors and Board as

a whole;

•

Performance of the

Managing Director (“CMD”) as recommended

by the NRC and approved by the Board of Directors at their

respective meetings held on June 19, 2020 and shareholders

of the Company by passing resolution through postal ballot

dated July 30, 2020, is in accordance with Schedule V to the

Act.

The remuneration is arrived at after considering various

factors such as qualification, experience, expertise, criticality

of the position held, prevailing remuneration in the industry

etc. The remuneration is commensurate with the roles and

responsibilities.

Remuneration to Executive Director:

The details of remuneration paid to the CMD during the

financial year 2020-21 (w.e.f. June 19, 2020 till March 31, 2021)

are as under:

(INR in Lakh)

Name of the Director & designation

Salary

Perquisites

Total

Mr. Abhay Soi (CMD)

9,13,98,008

4,58,169

9,18,56,177

Notes:

1.

The tenure of office of Mr. Abhay Soi, CMD, is for a period

of three years with effect from June 19, 2020. Further,

Mr. Abhay Soi is also entitled to an Incentive Plan in his

capacity as Promoter of the Company (which is objective,

transparent and measurable and based on cost saving

determinations and process as more specifically

provided under the Post Merger SHA executed amongst

Mr. Abhay Soi and Kayak Investments Holding Pte. Ltd.

and in respect of which Deed of Adherence has been

executed by the Company), to be implemented by way of

a transfer of shares held by Kayak in the Company to him,

in accordance with the Post Merger SHA, as amended

from time to time.

The terms and conditions of the appointment of Mr. Abhay

Soi is governed by the MD Employment Agreement

executed between him and the Company.

2.

All elements of remuneration of Mr. Abhay Soi i.e., salary,

perquisites and other benefits, etc. are given in Note

no. 29.11 to the Standalone Financial Statements of the

Company.

3.

The above excludes the provision for gratuity and

leave encashment, as the same is calculated on overall

company basis.

4.

Notice period : Shall be governed by the MD Employment

Agreement that inter alia includes (i) One Hundred Eighty

days’ prior written notice by Mr. Abhay Soi on or before

May 31, 2023; and (ii) One Hundred Eighty days’ prior

written notice by Mr. Abhay Soi and Ninety days’ prior

written notice by the Company after May 31, 2023.

5.

Severance fees: Shall be governed by the MD

Employment Agreement that inter-alia provides that in

case of Mr. Abhay Soi terminating the MD Employment

Agreement on account of change in control of the

Company, MHIL shall pay to Mr. Abhay Soi 50% of his

annual remuneration as compensation payment.

Payment to Non-Executive Directors:

The Non-Executive Independent Directors of the Company are

paid sitting fees of INR 1 Lakh for attending each meeting of

the Board and its Committees thereof.

Presently, the Company is not paying any sitting fees to its

Non-Executive Non Independent Directors.

The details of sitting fees paid to the Non-Executive

Independent Directors during financial year 2020-21 are as

under:

(INR in Lakh)

Name of the Director

Designation

Sitting Fees

Mr. K Narasimha Murthy

Non-Executive Independent

Director

21

Mr. Mahendra Gumanmalji

Lodha

Non-Executive Independent

Director

20

Mr. Upendra Kumar Sinha Non-Executive Independent

Director

20

Mr. Michael Thomas Neeb Non-Executive Independent

Director

7

The Independent Directors also gets reimbursement of the

expenses incurred by them for attending the meeting of the

Board and / or Committee thereof.

There are no materially significant related party transactions,

pecuniary transactions or relationships between the Company

and its Directors except those disclosed in the Financial

Statements for the FY ended March 31, 2021.

GENERAL BODY MEETINGS

Annual General Meetings ("AGM"):

During the preceding three years, the Company’s AGM were held at the registered office of the Company. The date, location

and time of the last three AGMs and the special resolutions passed thereat with requisite majority are as under:

Financial Year

Date

Time

Venue

Special Resolution(s) Passed

2019-20

29.09.2020

12:00 Noon

Registered Office of the

Company: 167, Floor 1,

Plot-167A, Ready Money

Mansion, Dr. Annie Besant

Road,

Worli,

Mumbai-

400018.

(The

meeting

was

convened through Video

Conferencing

(“VC”)/

Other Audio Visual Means

(“OAVM”) as per circular

dated

May

5,

2020

issued by the Ministry of

Corporate

Affairs.

The

deemed venue for the

AGM

was

Registered

Office of the Company.

•

Approval of ’Max Healthcare Institute Limited Employee Stock

Options Plan-2020’ and grant of employee stock options to the

eligible employees of the Company;

•

Grant of employee stock options under ’Max Healthcare Institute

Limited ESOP Plan-2020’ to employees of the Holding Company,

if any and/or subsidiary company(ies) of the Company;

•

Issue of Securities to Qualified Institutional Buyers up to

INR 1,200 Crore;

•

Issue of Non-Convertible Debentures on Private Placement basis

upto INR 550 Crore;

•

Amendment to Articles of Association (“AOA”) of the Company

pursuant to the terms of amendment to the ‘Cost Saving Incentive

Plan’ as mentioned in Clause 9A.1 of Shareholders’ Agreement

dated December 24, 2018 executed amongst Mr. Abhay Soi (as

the Promoter) and Kayak Investments Holding Pte. Ltd. (“Kayak/

Investor”), in respect of which Deed of Accession and Adherence

was executed by the Company on June 1, 2020 (“Post Merger

SHA”) and such other related provisions of Post Merger SHA,

by way of: Letter Amendment Agreement to Post Merger SHA

between the Investor, Mr. Abhay Soi and the Company executed

on September 06, 2020.

2018-19

24.09.2019

11:30 a.m.

167, Floor 1, Plot-167A,

Ready Money Mansion, Dr.

Annie Besant Road, Worli,

Mumbai- 400018.

•

Re-appointment of Mr. K Narasimha Murthy as an Independent

Managing Director

of Company and approval of terms & conditions thereof.

77,50,14,756

99.98%

1,80,581

0.02

Person conducting the postal ballot exercise:

All the Directors of the Company, Ms. Vandana Ramesh Pakle,

Sr. Director – Corporate Affairs, Mr. Atulya Sharma, Director

– Legal, Compliance & Regulatory Affairs, Mr. Yogesh Kumar

Sareen, Senior Director & Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Ruchi

Mahajan, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer were

authorized for conducting postal ballot process in a fair and

transparent manner.

Mr. Devesh Kumar Vasisht, (Certificate of Practice No. 13700),

Partner, M/s Sanjay Grover & Associates, Company Secretaries,

New Delhi (Firm Registration No. P2001DE052900), was

appointed as the Scrutinizer for conducting the postal ballot

process (through remote e-voting) in a fair and transparent

manner.

As on the date of this report, no special resolution is proposed

to be conducted through postal ballot.

Procedure for Postal Ballot:

A detailed procedure followed by the Company for conducting

the Postal Ballot is provided hereunder:

In compliance with provisions of Sections 108 and 110 and

other applicable provisions of the Act, read with Rules 20

and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration)

Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, and in accordance

with the General Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate

Affairs vide Nos.14/2020, 17/2020 and 22/2020 dated April 08,

2020, April 13, 2020 and June 15, 2020, respectively, issued

by MCA (“MCA Circulars”) on account of the threat posed by

COVID-19, the Company extended only the remote e-voting

facility for its shareholders, to enable them to cast their votes

electronically instead of submitting the postal ballot form.

The Company availed the services of Link Intime India Private

Limited for the purpose of providing e-voting facility to all its

shareholders. The dispatch of Postal Ballot Notice pursuant to

the Act, Secretarial Standards 2 and MCA Circulars for passing

the resolutions as set out in the said Postal Ballot Notice whose

names appeared in the Register of Members as on June 26,

2020 (“cut-off date”) was completed on June 30, 2020 through

Link Intime India Private Limited.

The voting period commenced on Wednesday, July 1, 2020,

at 9.00 a.m. (IST) and ended on Thursday, July 30, 2020, at

5.00 p.m. (IST).

The shareholders of the Company holding shares as on cut- off

date were entitled to vote on the resolutions as set out in the

Postal Ballot Notice and voted through e-voting facility only

as per the MCA circulars. Shareholders cast their votes on

the designated platform viz., https://instavote.linkintime.co.in.

In compliance with the requirements of the MCA Circulars,

the physical copy of the Postal Ballot Notice along with Postal

Ballot Forms and pre-paid business envelope were not sent

to the shareholders of the Company for this Postal Ballot and

shareholders were required to communicate their assent or

dissent through the remote e-voting system only.

Further, the Company sent the Postal Ballot Notice only by

email to all its shareholders who have registered their email

addresses with the Company or depository participants and

the communication of assent / dissent of the shareholders took

place through the remote e-voting system. As required by Rule

20 and Rule 22 of the Rules read with the MCA Circulars, the

details pertaining to the Postal Ballot was published in the

newspaper advertisement regarding completion of dispatch of

Postal Ballot Notice was published by the Company in English

‘Business Standard’ and in Marathi ‘Navshakti’ on June 30,

2020.

Mr. Devesh Kumar Vasisht, Scrutinizer had carried out scrutiny

of e-votes received upto 5:00 p. m. on July 30, 2020, being

the last day of e-voting for Postal Ballot voting and prepared a

consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report on the basis of data/reports

received by him.

The scrutinizer submitted his report to the Chairman, after

the completion of scrutiny. The results of voting by postal

ballot (through remote e-voting) were then announced by the

authorized officer.

The results of postal ballot voting (through e-voting) along

with the Scrutinizer’s report was displayed at the registered

office of the Company at that time i.e.167, Floor 1, Plot-167 A,

Ready Money Mansion, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai-

400018 and Corporate Office of the Company at that time i.e.

at 5th, 6th and 7th Floor, Tower – A, DLF Center Court, DLF City,

Phase – V, Sector – 42, Golf Course Road, Gurugram -122002

and also placed on the website of the Company at i.e. https://

www.maxhealthcare.in/investors/corporate-governance and

Link Intime India Private Limited i.e. www.linkintime.co.in. The

same was also be published in the newspapers in English

‘Business Standard’ and in Marathi ‘Navshakti’ on August 1,

2020.

None of the business proposed to be transacted at the ensuing

AGM require passing of resolution through postal ballot.

Participation and voting at the 20th AGM:

Pursuant to the General Circular Nos.14/2020,17/2020,

20/2020 and 02/2021 dated April 08, 2020, April 13, 2020,

May 05, 2020 and January 13, 2021, respectively issued by

the MCA and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79

dated May 12, 2020 and SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/11

dated January 15, 2021 issued by Securities and Exchange

Board of India (“SEBI Circular”), the 20th AGM of the Company

will be held through Video Conferencing (“VC”) or Other

Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) and the detailed instructions

for participation and voting at the meeting is available in the

notice of the 20th AGM.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

130

131:

MANAGING DIRECTOR / CFO CERTIFICATION

The Chairman &: Managing Director, Senior Director & Chief Financial Officer have certified, in terms of Part B of Schedule II of

the Listing Regulations, to the Board that the Financial Statements present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and

are in compliance with the existing accounting standards. The said certification of the Financial Statements and the Cash Flow

Statement for the financial year 2020-21 is annexed as Annexure - III and forms part of this Corporate Governance Report.

For and on behalf of the Board

Sd/-

Abhay Soi

Place: New Delhi

DIN: 00203597

Dated: May 28, 2021

(

Managing Director

Annexure II

To,

The Members of

MAX HEALTHCARE INSTITUTE LIMITED

401, 4th Floor, Man Excellenza,

S. V. Road, Vile Parle (West),

Mumbai, Maharashtra-400056

1.

That Max Healthcare Institute Limited (CIN: L72200MH2001PLC322854) is having its registered office at 401, 4th Floor,

Man Excellenza, S. V. Road, Vile Parle (West), Mumbai, Maharashtra-400056 (hereinafter referred as “the Company”). The

equity shares of the Company are listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited w.e.f August 21,

2020.

2.

We have examined the relevant disclosures received from the Directors, registers, records, forms and returns maintained

by the Company and produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance

with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

3.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Director Identification Number

(DIN) status at the MCA portal i.e. www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the

Company and its officers, we hereby certify that none of the below named Directors on the Board of the Company as on

March 31, 2021 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the

Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority:

Sr.

No. Name of Director

Director Identification Number (DIN)

*Date of appointment in Company

1.

Mr. Sanjay Omprakash Nayar

00002615

21/06/2019

2.

Mr. Upendra Kumar Sinha

00010336

21/06/2019

3.

Mr. Mahendra Gumanmalji Lodha

00012920

21/06/2019

4.

Mr. Narasimha Murthy Kummamuri

00023046

26/08/2009

5.

Mr. Abhay Soi

00203597

21/06/2019

6.

Ms. Ananya Tripathi

08102039

19/06/2020

7.

Mr. Michael Thomas Neeb

08522685

21/06/2019

Notes:

1. *Date of appointment of all the Directors are original date of appointment as per MCA Records;

2. Changes subsequent to March 31, 2021: Mr. Upendra Kumar Sinha resigned from the Board of the Company w.e.f. May 20, 2021 and Ms.

Harmeen Mehta was appointed on the Board of the Company as a woman Independent Director w.e.f. May 24, 2021, subject to approval of

shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.

4.

Ensuring the eligibility of the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management

of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither

an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Sanjay Grover & Associates

Company Secretaries

Firm Registration No.: P2001DE052900

Sd/-

Devesh Kumar Vasisht

Partner

CP No.:13700

Place: New Delhi

FCS No. F8488

Date: May 28, 2021

UDIN.: F008488C000384556

CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C Clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015)

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

140

141:

Managing Director and Yogesh Kumar Sareen, Senior Director & Chief Financial Officer of Max

Healthcare Institute Limited (“the Company”), hereby confirm w.r.t the financial statements for year ended March 31, 2021 that:

A.

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement (Standalone & Consolidated) for the year ended and

that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

i.

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that

might be misleading;

ii.

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing

accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which

are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct.

C.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated

the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to

the auditors and the Audit and Risk Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of

which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

D.

We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit and Risk Committee, as may be applicable:

i.

significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

ii.

significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the

financial statements, if any; and

iii.

there has not been any instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein,

if any, of the management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over

financial reporting.

Thanking You,

Sd/-

Sd/-

Abhay Soi

Yogesh Kumar Sareen

DIN: 00203597

Senior Director &

Chief Financial Officer

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director)

Membership No: 95540

DIN:00203597

Place : New Delhi

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

Date : May 28, 2021

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 28, 2021

Standalone Statement of profit and loss

for the year ended March 31, 2021

(INR in Lakh)

Note No.

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

(Refer note 29.19)

For the year ended

March 31, 2020

(Refer note 2.1)

I

Revenue from operations

22

1,03,078

5,926

II

Other income

23

10,651

6,621

III Total income (I+II)

1,13,729

12,547

IV Expenses

(a) Purchase of pharmacy, drugs, consumables and implants

23,712

-

(b) (Increase)/decrease in inventory of pharmacy, drugs, consumables and implants

793

-

(c) Employee benefits expense

24

26,547

2,186

(d) Professional and consultancy fee

19,535

311

(e) Finance costs

25

11,245

5,999

(f) Depreciation and amortization expense

26

9,075

335

(g) Other expenses

27

16,401

4,026

Total expenses (IV)

1,07,308

12,857

V

Profit /(Loss) before exceptional items and tax (III-IV)

6,421

(310)

VI Exceptional items

29.18

(21,067)

-

VII Loss before tax (V+VI)

(14,646)

(310)

VIII Tax expenses

(a) Current tax

29.2

-

-

(b) Deferred tax charged/ (credit)

29.2

1,799

(14)

Total tax expenses (VIII)

1,799

(14)

IX Loss for the year (VII - VIII)

(16,445)

(296)

X

Other comprehensive income

Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in

subsequent periods:

(a) Re-measurement gains/(losses) on defined benefit plans

29.3

(72)

49

(b) Income tax effect

29.2

38

(14)

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year

(34)

35

XI Total comprehensive loss for the year (IX+X)

(16,479)

(261)

XII Earnings per equity share (Nominal Value of share INR 10)

29.12

Basic (INR)

(1.91)

(0.05)

Diluted (INR)

(1.91)

(0.05)

The accompanying notes are integral part of the standalone financial statements

1-29

In terms of our report of even date attached

For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

Chartered Accountants

MAX HEALTHCARE INSTITUTE LIMITED

(Firm's Registration No. 015125N)

RASHIM TANDON

ABHAY SOI

(Partner)

(Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director)

Membership No: 95540

DIN:00203597

Place : New Delhi

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

Date : May 28, 2021

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 28, 2021

Standalone Cash flow Statement

for the year ended March 31, 2021

The standalone cash flow statement has been prepared under the 'Indirect Method' set out in Indian Accounting Standard-7,

"Statement of cash flow".

(INR in Lakh)

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

(Refer note 29.19)

For the year ended

March 31, 2020

(Refer note 2.1)

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Loss before tax

(14,646)

(310)

Adjustments to reconcile profit before tax to net cash flows:

Depreciation on tangible assets

3,987

70

Depreciation on right of use assets

1,227

-

Amortization of intangible assets

3,861

265

Income on modification/termination of lease under Ind AS 116

(24)

-

Loss on foreign exchange fluctuation (net)

26

-

Provision for doubtful advances and doubtful debts (net)

482

-

Bad debts and Debit balances written off

317

-

Net loss/ (income) on sale/disposal of property, plant and equipment

(17)

-

Unclaimed balances and excess provisions written back

(245)

(54)

Loss on remeasurement of previously held equity interest by Radiant Life Care

17,289

-

Employee stock option scheme expenses - equity settled

2,383

-

Employee stock option scheme expenses - cash settled

604

-

Guarantee commission

-

(122)

Finance income

(9,317)

(6,425)

Interest on lease liability

1,223

-

Interest on debts and borrowings (including fair value change in financial instruments)

9,795

5,999

Operating cash flow before working capital changes

16,945

(577)

Working capital changes:

(Increase)/ decrease in trade receivables

4,765

(2,146)

Decrease in inventories

793

-

(Increase) in other financial assets

(1,738)

(3)

(Increase)/Decrease in other current assets and security deposit given

(137)

23

Increase/(Decrease) in provision for gratuity and leave encashment

457

(68)

(Decrease) in trade payables and other financial liabilities

(2,387)

(18)

Increase in other current liabilities

912

-

Cash generated from/(used in) operations

19,610

(2,789)

Taxes (paid)/ refund - (net)

2,314

(823)

Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities (A)

21,924

(3,612)

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Purchase of property, plant and equipment, including intangible assets, CWIP, capital creditors and

capital advances

(3,141)

(297)

Movement in leasehold assets (net)

1,573

-

Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment

135

-

Loan given to subsidiaries and other healthcare service providers

(6,689)

-

Loan repaid by subsidiaries and other healthcare service providers

13,483

-

Loan given to a jointly controlled entity

-

(43,927)

Purchase of equity instruments of Max Healthcare Institute Limited (Refer to Note 2.1)

-

(2,13,598)

Investments in Saket City Hospitals Limited

(46,810)

-

Investments in Crosslay Remedies Limited

(2,333)

-

Investments in Radiant Life Care Mumbai Private Limited

-

(2,000)

Finance income

9,317

6,197

Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities (B)

(34,465)

(2,53,625)

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

154

155

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director)

Membership No: 95540

DIN:00203597

Place : New Delhi

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

Date : May 28, 2021

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 28, 2021

1

CORPORATE INFORMATION

Max Healthcare Instituted Limited ("MHIL" or "the

Company") was incorporated on June 18, 2001 and

its registered office is located at 401, 4th Floor, Man

Excellenza, S. V. Road, Vile Parle (West), Mumbai 400056.

The equity shares of the Company were listed on the

Bombay Stock Exchange Limited and the National Stock

Exchange of India Limited on August 21, 2020.

The Company is primarily engaged in provision of

healthcare services through primary care clinics,

multi speciality hospitals / medical centres and super-

speciality Hospitals facilities. These facilities include

medical facilities [including through the Operation &

Management agreement (O&M) that the Company has

entered into with Lahore hospital Society to manage the

operation of Dr. B.L. Kapur Memorial hospital (being a unit

of Lahore hospital Society) i.e. 'managed facilities' and

medical facilities of third party healthcare providers with

whom, the Company has entered into long term service

contracts for providing operation and management,

medical services, clinical, radiology, pathology services

and related healthcare services.

Also, refer to note 2.1 below with respect to business

combination pursuant to Composite Scheme of

Amalgamation and Arrangement (hereafter referred to as

'the Scheme') amongst the Company, Radiant Life Care

Private Limited ('Radiant'), erstwhile Max India Limited

and its subsidiary company Advaita Allied Healthcare

Services Limited (now known as Max India Limited ('Max

India')) effective from June 01, 2020. On effectiveness of

the Scheme, along with other developments as explained

below, Abhay Soi and Kayak Investment Holdings Pte.

Ltd. became controlling shareholders of the Company.

These financials issued under the name of Max

Healthcare Institute Limited (legal acquirer) represent

the continuation of the financials of Radiant Life Care

(accounting acquirer), as more fully explained in note 2.1

below.

The financial statements were authorised by the Board of

Directors for issue in accordance with resolutions passed

on May 28, 2021.

2

BASIS OF PREPARATION

These financial statements have been prepared in

accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS)

notified under section 133 of the Companies Act 2013,

read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standard)

Rule, 2015, as amended from time to time and other

relevant provision of the Act.

The financial statement have been prepared under the

historical cost convention on the accrual basis, except

for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair

values (as explained in significant accounting policies 3

below) and accounting for business combination carried

out by the Company during the period (as more fully

explained in note 2.1 below).

The preparation of financial statement requires

management to make estimates and assumptions that

affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the

disclosure of contingent liabilities and reported amounts

of revenues and expenses. The estimates are based on

historical experience and various other assumptions.

The management evaluates estimates on an ongoing

basis and make changes to them as management

becomes aware of changes in circumstances towards the

estimates. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

Refer to note 3.3 for significant accounting judgements,

estimates and assumptions.

The following note provides list of the significant

accounting policies adopted in the preparation of this

financial statement.

2.1

Business combination during the year ended March

31, 2021

2.1.1 The Board of Directors of Max Healthcare Institute

Limited in their meeting held on December 24, 2018,

approved a Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and

Arrangement (hereafter referred to as "The Scheme")

amongst Max India Limited ("Max India"), Max Healthcare

Institute Limited ("MHIL"), Radiant Life Care Private

Limited ("Radiant Life") and a wholly owned subsidiary of

Max India incorporated for this purpose viz. Advaita Allied

Health Services Limited ("Advaita") and their respective

shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232

and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act,

2013. The Scheme inter-alia provides for following

arrangement between Max India, MHIL, Advaita and

Radiant Life:

a)

Demerger of the activity of making, holding

and nurturing investments in allied health and

associated activities (collectively known as

"Demerged Undertaking") from Max India into

Advaita.

b)

Demerger of healthcare business of Radiant Life

into MHIL.

c)

Amalgamation of residual Max India (post demerger

of the Demerged Undertaking), which comprises

of healthcare activities (including its underlying

investment in MHIL) with MHIL.

The Company, on May 27, 2020 received the certified copy

of National Company Law Tribunal ('NCLT') approving the

Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement

(“the Scheme”) amongst the Company, Radiant Life Care

Private Limited ('Radiant'), erstwhile Max India Limited

and its subsidiary company Advaita Allied Healthcare

Services Limited (now known as Max India Limited ('Max

India'). Thereafter, the Board of Directors took note of the

NCLT order approving the Scheme and filed the NCLT

order with the respective Registrar of Companies on

June 01, 2020 giving effect to the Scheme.

Consequently, Kayak Investments Holding Pte. Ltd.

("Kayak") and Mr. Abhay Soi, (the shareholders of

157

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

156:

Managing Director

is the Company’s chief operating decision maker

("CODM").

The Company has identified only one reportable

business segment as it deals mainly in provision of

healthcare services

3.2 Business combination and goodwill

The Company accounts for business combinations using

the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly,

the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities

assumed in the business are recorded at their acquisition

date fair values (except certain assets and liabilities

which are required to be measured as per the applicable

standard).

The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a

business is aggregation of the fair values of the assets

transferred, the liabilities incurred and the equity

interests issued by the Company in exchange for control

of the business.

Acquisition-related costs are expensed in the period in

which the costs are incurred.

If the initial accounting for a business combination

is incomplete as at the reporting date in which the

combination occurs, the identifiable assets and liabilities

acquired in a business combination are measured at

their provisional fair values at the date of acquisition.

Subsequently adjustments to the provisional values

are made retrospectively within the measurement

period, if new information is obtained about facts and

circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date

and, if known, would have affected the measurement of

the amounts recognised as of that date or would have

resulted in the recognition of those assets and liabilities

as of that date; otherwise the adjustments are recorded

in the period in which they occur.

Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the

consideration transferred, the amount of any non-

controlling interest in the acquiree, and the fair value

of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the

acquire (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date fair

value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities

assumed. Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business

is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition

of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if

any.

For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is

allocated to each of the cash-generating units or group

of cash-generating units that is expected to benefit from

the synergies of the combination.

On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit, the

attributable amount of goodwill is included in the

determination of the statement of profit and loss on

disposal.

3.3 Significant accounting judgements, estimates and

assumptions

The preparation of the Company's Financial Statements

requires management to make judgements, estimates

and assumptions that affect the reported amounts

of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and

the accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure

of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these

assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that

require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of

the asset or liability affected in future periods.

Estimates and assumptions

The key assumptions concerning the future and other

key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting

date, that have a significant risk of causing a material

adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and

liabilities within the next financial year, are described

below. The Company based its assumptions and

estimates on parameters available when the Financial

Statements were prepared. Existing circumstances and

assumptions about future developments, however, may

change due to market changes or circumstances arising

beyond the control of the Company. Such changes are

reflected in the assumptions when they occur.

Judgements

In the process of applying the Company's accounting

policies, management has made the following

judgements, which have the most significant effect on

the amounts recognised in the Financial Statements.

(a)

Impairment

(i)

Impairment testing of goodwill and other

intangible assets

Goodwill and intangible assets (such as Trademarks),

if any, that have an indefinite useful life are not

subject to amortisation and are tested annually

for impairment, or more frequently if events or

changes in circumstances indicate that they might

be impaired. Other intangible assets (including

Operation and management rights and Service

agreement) are tested for impairment whenever

events or changes in circumstances indicate that

the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An

impairment loss is recognised for the amount by

which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its

recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the

higher of an asset's fair value less cost of disposal

and value in use. For the purposes of assessing

impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest

levels for which there are separately identifiable

cash inflows which are largely independent of the

cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets

(cash-generating units). During the year Company

has done the impairment assessment of Goodwill

and other intangibles (including those appearing

in the subsidiaries) and have concluded that there

is no impairment in value of goodwill and other

intangibles assets as appearing in the Financial

Statements.

(ii)

Impairment testing of non-Financial assets

The Company non-financial assets are reviewed at

each reporting date to determine whether there is

any indication of impairment. If any such indication

exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is

estimated. Determining whether the asset is

impaired requires to assess the recoverable

amount of the asset or Cash Generating Unit (CGU)

which is compared to the carrying amount of the

asset or CGU, as applicable. Recoverable amount

is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and

value in use. Where the carrying amount of an asset

or CGU exceeds the recoverable amount, the asset

is considered impaired and is written down to its

recoverable amount.

(iii)

Impairment testing of Financial assets

The impairment provisions of financial assets are

based on assumptions about risk of default and

expected loss rates. The Company uses judgement

in making these assumptions and selecting the

inputs to the impairment calculation based on

Company past history, existing market conditions

as well as forward looking estimates at the end or

each reporting period.

(iv)

Impairment testing of trade receivables

The Company reviews its trade receivables to assess

impairment at regular intervals. In determining

of impairment losses, the Company makes

judgement as to whether there is any observable

data indicating that there is a measurable

decrease in the estimated future cash flows and

a risk of default and expected loss rates exists.

Accordingly, an allowance for expected credit loss

is made where there is an identified loss event or

conditions which is based on historic loss rates,

present developments such as liquidity issues and

information about future economic conditions, with

respect to reduction in the recoverability of cash

flows.

(v)

Impairment of investment in subsidiaries

The Company assesses at each reporting date

whether there is an indication that an investment

may be impaired If any indication exists, or when

annual impairment testing for an investment is

required. The Company estimates the investment's

recoverable amount. An investments amount is

higher of an investment's CGU'S fair value less cost

of disposal and its value in use. Where the carrying

amount of an investment or CGU exceeds its

recoverable amount, the investment is considered

impaired and is written down to its recoverable

amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated

future cash flows are discounted to their present

value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects

current market assessments of the time value of

money and the risks specific to the investments.

In determining fair value less costs of disposal,

appropriate methods are taken into account. On

disposal of investment, the difference between net

disposal proceeds and the carrying amount are

recognised in the Statement of Profit & Loss.

(b)

Business combination

Business combination during the current year (as

explained in note 2.1 above) has been accounted

as reverse acquisition under Ind AS 103,

“Business Combination”. Significant estimates

and judgements are required to be made in

determination of business, accounting acquirer,

accounting acquiree and acquisition date and

identification of assets and liabilities acquired. Ind

AS 103 requires Identification and valuation of

assets (including intangible assets and trademarks)

and liabilities (including contractual obligations) of

the accounting acquiree & its subsidiaries as at the

acquisition date. The Company engages third party

experts to perform the valuation for identifiable

tangible and intangible assets. Information about

the business combination and related valuation is

provided separately in these financial statements.

(c)

Useful lives of Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment represent a

significant proportion of the asset base of the

Company. The charge in respect of periodic

depreciation is derived after determining an

estimate of an asset’s expected useful life and

the expected residual value at the end of its life.

The useful lives and residual values of Company's

assets are determined by the management at

the time the asset is acquired and reviewed

periodically, including at each financial year end.

(d)

Taxes

Uncertainties exist with respect to the

interpretation of complex tax regulations, changes

in tax laws, and the amount and timing of future

taxable income. Given the wide range of business

relationships and the long term nature and

complexity of existing contractual agreements,

differences arising between the actual results and

the assumptions made, or future changes to such

assumptions, could necessitate future adjustments

to tax income and expense already recorded. The

Company establishes provisions and measurement

of deferred tax, based on reasonable estimates.

The amount of such provisions is based on various

factors, such as experience of previous tax audits

and differing interpretations of tax regulations

by the taxable entity and the responsible tax

authority. Such differences of interpretation may

arise on a wide variety of issues depending on the

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

170

171

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

letter of credit issued by banks.

10.

INCOME TAX ASSETS

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Advance income tax and tax deducted at source (net of provision)

6,760

2,315

6,760

2,315

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

178

179

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Letter of Allotment (‘LOA’) towards

land allotted to the Company by Greater Mohali Area Development Authority (GMADA) located at Medi City, New

Chandigarh. Despite repeated request, GMADA has not been able to handover possession of vacant land to Company,

due to which, Company has withheld the instalments of INR 534 Lakh and INR 498 Lakh due on July 20,2018 and July

20,2019 respectively. The aforesaid amounts were fair valued on acquisition date, based on the recoverability, at value

of INR 1,464 Lakh. During the current year, the Company has vide: letter dated September 30, 2020 withdrawn from LOA

and surrendered the land back to GMADA and requested for the refund of amounts already paid along with interest.

Subsequently GMADA has issued a notice dated December 2, 2020 and imposed an interest penalty aggregating to

INR 361 Lakh on the Company for non- payment of amount due, ignoring the letter of surrender submitted by the Company.

The Company has not accepted the demand of GMADA, as required activities were not completed by authorities for the

handing over of peaceful possession of allotted plot to the Company. Based on the discussions between GMADA officers

and Company representative, an amount of INR 1,156 Lakh (net of estimated deduction of INR 530 Lakh by GMADA) has

been considered recoverable in the books of account.

12.

INVENTORIES (AT LOWER OF COST AND NET REALIZABLE VALUE)

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Stock of pharmacy, drugs, consumables and implants

2,149

-

2,149

-

13.

CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS

(i)

Investments

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Investments in equity instruments of jointly controlled entity, fully paid-up (at Cost)

Nil (March 31, 2020 : 26,69,97,937) equity shares of Max Healthcare Institute Limited of INR 10 each

[refer footnote]

-

2,13,598

-

2,13,598

Note:

Radiant Life Care Private Limited had acquired 26,69,97,937 equity shares representing 49.7% of the paid up equity shares in

Max Healthcare Institute Limited from Life Healthcare International (Proprietary) Limited for cash consideration aggregating to

INR 2,13,598 Lakh.

Upon merger transaction, and accounting for business combination at acquisition date (refer note 2.1), previously held equity

interest of 49.70% is re-measured at INR 1,96,309 Lakh (previous carrying value INR 2,13,598 Lakh) and accordingly, a loss of

INR 17,289 Lakh is recognized in these financial statements. The fair value amount of investment in Max Healthcare Institute

Limited formed part of Purchase consideration for reverse acquisition.

(ii)

Trade receivables

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

(Unsecured considered good, unless otherwise stated) :-

Trade receivables - considered good (also refer note 29.14)

19,614

-

Trade receivables - considered doubtful

2,101

-

Trade receivables from related parties - considered good (refer note 29.11)

11,130

8,390

Less: Impairment allowance for trade receivables

(2,101)

-

30,744

8,390

Trade receivables are not interest bearing.

(iii)

Cash and cash equivalents

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Balances with banks:

On current accounts

551

5,922

Deposits with maturity less than three months

59,037

654

Cheques\drafts on hand and digital wallet receivables

119

-

Cash on hand

70

-

59,777

6,576

(iv)

Bank balances other than (iii) above

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

On escrow account (refer note (a))

1,250

-

Fixed deposits under lien (refer note (b))

72

-

1,322

-

(a)

Balance in escrow account

INR 1,250 Lakh payable to Book Running Lead Managers ("BRLMs") towards service fee in connection with the QIP issue.

(b)

Margin money deposits given as security includes

INR 42 Lakh (March 31, 2020 : INR Nil) to secure bank guarantee issued to government authorities.

INR 6 Lakh (March 31, 2020 : INR Nil) to secure bank guarantee issued to customers i.e. ECHS and Northern Railways.

INR 24 Lakh (March 31, 2020 : INR Nil) to secure bank guarantee issued to bank against OD limit

(v)

Loans (unsecured considered good, carried at amortized cost)

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

a) Loans to related parties (refer note 29.11)

310

51,014

b) Loans and advances to other healthcare service providers

445

-

755

51,014

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

180

181

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

letter of credit guarantee,

performance bond, corporate guarantee, bank

guarantee provided by any party to the project

document, (d) all the right, title, interest, benefits

claims and demands whatsoever of the Company

under all insurance contracts.

Security interest set out in sub clause (c) shall be subject

to the first prior charge of only working capital facility

lenders to the extent of INR 9,500 Lakh

Security interest set out in sub clauses (a), (b), (d) and (e)

shall rank pari-passu amongst the lenders of the borrower

for an aggregate rupee loan of up to INR 34,000 Lakh.

(ii)

INR 2,427 Lakh (March 31, 2020: INR Nil) from IndusInd

Bank Limited repayable in 150 monthly instalments from

June, 2019 is secured by way of :

a)

Charge on the entire current assets, both present

and future, subject to the first prior charge of only

working capital facility lenders to the extent of

INR 9,500 Lakh. of the borrower with IDFC First

Bank Ltd and NIIF Infrastructure Finance Limited.

b)

1st Pari Passu charge on the moveable fixed asset

(excluding vehicles specifically charged to lenders

who have financed those assets) including medical

equipment (except medical equipment specifically

charged to lenders who have financed those

assets), movable plant and machinery, spares etc.

of the borrower with IDFC First Bank Ltd and NIIF

Infrastructure Finance Limited.

c)

1st Pari Passu charge on the non-current asset

of the borrower but not limited to Goodwill and

uncalled capital, intellectual property, both present

and future of the borrower with IDFC First Bank Ltd

and NIIF Infrastructure Finance Limited.

d)

1st Pari Passu charge by the way of mortgage

on the entire immoveable fixed assets of the

borrower situated at Max Saket Hospital and Max

Shalimar Bagh Hospital both present and future

of the borrower with IDFC First Bank Ltd and NIIF

Infrastructure Finance Limited.

(iii)

INR 4,267 Lakh (March 31, 2020: INR NIL) from IDFC First

Bank Limited repayable in 23 quarterly instalments from

August, 2022 is secured by way of:

a)

1st Pari Passu on charge on land and building of

MHIL Saket and MHIL Shalimar Bagh with other

term lenders;

b)

1st Pari Passu on entire intangible assets both

present and future with other term lenders;

c)

1st Pari Passu on entire movable fixed assets of

MHIL both present and future (except equipment/

vehicle finance by specific loans) with other term

lenders; and

d)

2nd Pari Passu on entire current assets of MHIL with

other term lenders (working capital lenders have

first charge on the entire current assets for their

working capital limits of INR 9,500 Lakh).

Term loan from non-banking financial company :

INR 2 Lakh (March 31, 2020: INR NIL) from NIIF Infrastructure

Finance Limited repayable in 52 structured quarterly

instalments from May 2018 is secured by way of:-

a)

A first mortgage and charge on entire immovable

properties of the Company pertaining to Max Saket

Hospital and Max Shalimar bagh Hospital, both present

and future.

b)

A first charge by way of hypothecation of entire movable

PPE (except the movable current assets) of the Company,

both present and future, including movable plant and

machinery, machinery spares, tools and accessories,

furniture, fixtures, vehicles, and all other movable PPE of

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

184

185

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

letter of credit guarantee, performance

bond, corporate guarantee, bank guarantee provided by

any party to the project document, (d) all the right, title,

interest, benefits claims and demands whatsoever of the

Company under all insurance contracts.

f)

Security interest set out in sub clause (c) shall be subject

to the first prior charge of only working capital facility

lenders to the extent of INR 9,500 Lakh.

g)

Security interest set out in sub clauses (a), (b), (d)

and (e) shall rank pari-passu amongst the lenders

of the borrower for an aggregate rupee loan of up to

INR 34,000 Lakh.

Deferred payment liabilities :

Deferred payment liabilities is secured by hypothecation of

medical equipment and repayable in 20 quarterly instalments

from June 2018.

Vehicle loan :

Vehicle loans of INR 495 Lakh (March 31, 2020: INR Nil) are

repayable over the period ranging from one to five years and

are secured by way of hypothecation of respective vehicles.

The rate of interest ranging from 7.40% to 10.00% on

outstanding car loan on the basis of actual rate charged

depending upon the tenure and lending institution.

17.

LEASE LIABILITIES

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Lease liabilities (refer footnote)

13,858

-

13,858

-

Pursuant to business combination accounting on June 01, 2020 as per Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement,

lease contracts of accounting acquiree (Max Healthcare Institute Limited, as more fully explained in note 2.1) are measured

at acquisition date fair value. Lease liability of INR 15,654 Lakh (Non Current) & INR 697 Lakh (Current) was acquired on

acquisition. These assets majorly includes leased liability for hospital at Dehradun, Panchsheel Park and Nursing hostel and

accommodations.

18.

PROVISIONS

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Non current

Provision for employee benefits

Provision for gratuity (refer note 29.3)

1,918

57

Provision for leave encashment

-

31

1,918

88

Current

Provision for employee benefits

Provision for leave encashment

1,155

21

Provision for gratuity (refer note 29.3)

433

14

1,588

35

19.

OTHER NON CURRENT LIABILITIES

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Unearned income (refer footnote i)

-

256

Government grant (refer footnote ii)

170

-

170

256

i)

Unearned Income on March 31, 2020 arising on account of unamortised portion of fair value of guarantee commission.

During the current year, the Company has started to charge guarantee commission on corporate guarantee given to the

lenders on behalf of Dr. B L Kapur Memorial Hospital and has reversed the unamortized portion of fair value of guarantee

commission.

ii)

Movement in Government Grant

Particulars

Amount in Lakh

Opening Balance

Nil

Pursuant to the Scheme (Refer Note 2.1)

27

Add:- Custom duty utilized on purchase of medical equipments

143

Closing Balance

170

20. CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

(i)

Borrowings

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Cash credit from banks (secured)(refer footnote (i))

1,435

-

Loan from bank (refer footnote (ii))

-

61,375

From related party (refer footnote (iii) & note no. 29.11)

-

4,407

1,435

65,782

Notes:

(i)

Cash credit from banks (secured)

(a)

Cash credit facility of INR 497 Lakh (March 31, 2020: INR NIL) against sanctioned limit of INR 3,500 Lakh from Yes

Bank Limited

(b)

Cash credit facility of INR 539 Lakh (March 31, 2020: INR NIL) against sanctioned limit of INR 2,000 Lakh from Indusind

Bank Limited

(c)

INR 188 Lakh (March 31, 2020: INR NIL) against sanctioned limit of INR 2,000 Lakh from ICICI Bank Limited

(d)

INR 211 Lakh (March 31, 2020: INR NIL) against sanctioned limit of INR 2,000 Lakh from IDFC First Bank Limited.

These cash credits are secured by way of prior pari – passu charge on stocks, book debts and other current assets,

present and future of the Company prior to charge in favor of term lenders of the Company. The cash credits are

repayable on demand.

(ii)

During the previous year ended March 31, 2020, Radiant Life Care Private Limited had taken a loan of INR 61,738 Lakh

from Standard Chartered bank at a fixed interest rate of 9.45% p.a. The said loan is repaid in October 2020.

(iii)

During the previous year ended March 31, 2020, Radiant Life Care Private Limited had taken a loan of INR 4,500 Lakh

from Neo Legno Consultants Private Limited at a fixed interest rate of 12.5% p.a. The said loan is paid in Auguest 2020.

(ii)

Trade payables

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises

45

-

Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises

19,244

1,360

Trade payable to related party (refer note 29.11)

15

30

19,304

1,390

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

186

187

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director -

Refer xi below)

2

Mr. Kummamuri Murthy Narasimha, Independent

Director

3

Mr. Mahendra Gumanmalji Lodha, Independent

Director (From June 21, 2019)

4

Mr. Upendra Kumar Sinha, Independent Director

(From June 21, 2019)

5

Mr. Michael Thomas Neeb, Independent Director

(From June 21, 2019)

(xi)

Key Managerial Personnal (with whom transactions

have taken place)

1

Mr. Abhay Soi, (Chairman &: Managing Director of

Radiant) (

Director's remuneration (refer note 1 below)

Mr. Abhay Soi

1,046

1,053

Employee benefit liability transferred

Max Healthcare institute Limited

-

30

Healthcare Services received

Hometrail Buildtech Private Limited

73

-

Crosslay Remedies Limited

210

-

Unwinding of discount of security deposit

Dr. B.L Kapur Memorial Hospital

3

3:

Managing Director)

DIN:00203597

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 28, 2021

Form AOC-1

(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)

Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of Subsidiaries/Associate Companies/Joint ventures

(INR in Lakh)

Particulars

Alps Hospital

Limited

Hometrail

Buildtech Private

Limited

Crosslay

Remedies

Limited

Saket City

Hospitals

Limited

Radiant Life Care

Mumbai Private

Limited

MHC Global

Healthcare(Nigeria)

Limited

Reporting period for the

subsidiary concerned, if different

from the holding company’s

reporting period

Same as

Reporting

Company

Same as

Reporting

Company

Same as

Reporting

Company

Same as

Reporting

Company

Same as

Reporting

Company

Same as Reporting

Company

Reporting currency and

Exchange rate as on the last

date of the relevant Financial

year in the case of foreign

subsidiaries.

N.A

N.A

N.A

N.A

N.A

N.A

Share capital

288

5,094

14,319

2,943

8,932

N.A

Reserves & surplus (Other

Equity)

3,186

4,570

513

(5,276)

8,300

N.A

Total Assets

11,318

29,575

41,458

25,836

19,293

N.A

Total Liabilities

7,844

19,911

26,626

28,169

2,061

N.A

Investments

-

-

-

-

-

N.A

Turnover/ Revenue from

operations

11,534

31,288

38,172

1,972

-

N.A

Profit/(Loss) before taxation

457

4,883

5,820

(556)

(715)

N.A

Provision for taxation

230

1,242

1,410

-

-

N.A

Profit/(Loss) after taxation (After

OCI)

228

3,633

4,382

(562)

(713)

N.A

Proposed Dividend

-

-

-

-

-

N.A

% of shareholding

Equity - 100%

Equity- 100%

Equity- 83.16%

Equity- 100%

Equity- 99.99%

N.A

Notes:

1.

MHC Global Healthcare(Nigeria) Limited was incoporated on May 20, 2019. It will be operational once the COVID-19

situation stabilizes.

2.

Investments excludes investments in subsidiaries

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

MAX HEALTHCARE INSTITUTE LIMITED

ABHAY SOI

(Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director)

Membership No: 95540

DIN:00203597

Place: New Delhi

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

Date: May 28, 2021

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place: New Delhi

Date: May 28, 2021

Consolidated Statement of profit and loss

for the year ended March 31, 2021

(INR in Lakh)

Note No.

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

(Refer note 33.20)

For the year ended

March 31, 2020

(Refer note 2.1)

I

Revenue from operations

26

2,50,467

1,05,903

II

Other income

27

11,474

4,808

III

Total income (I+II)

2,61,941

1,10,711

IV

Expenses

(a) Purchase of pharmacy, drugs, consumables and implants

58,051

22,935

(b) (Increase)/decrease in inventory of pharmacy, drugs, consumables and implants

1,390

(1,204)

(c) Employee benefits expense

28

58,878

23,013

(d) Professional and consultancy fee

53,291

24,694

(e) Finance cost

29

17,946

8,324

(f)

Depreciation and amortization expense

30

17,409

4,564

(g) Other expenses

31

38,471

27,107

Total expenses (IV)

2,45,436

1,09,433

V

Profit before exceptional items, tax and share of profit/(loss) in associate (III-IV)

16,505

1,278

VI

Exceptional items

33.16

(23,370)

-

VII Profit/(Loss) before tax and share of profit/(loss) in associate (V + VI)

(6,865)

1,278

VIII Tax expenses

(a) Current tax

25

162

-

(b) Adjustment of tax relating to earlier years

25

81

-

(c) Deferred tax charged/(credit)

25

4,342

(13)

Total tax expenses

4,585

(13)

IX

Profit/(Loss) after tax and before share of profit/(loss) in associate (VII - VIII)

(11,450)

1,291

X

Share of profit /(loss) in associate (refer note 2)

(2,305)

4,608

XI

Profit/(Loss) for the year (IX+X)

(13,755)

5,899

XII Other Comprehensive income

Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in

subsequent periods:

(a) Remeasurement gain on defined benefit plans

33.1 &

33.2

2

11

(b) Income tax effect

25

49

(13)

Other Comprehensive income/(loss) for the year

51

(2)

XIII Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year (XI+XII)

(13,704)

5,897

XIV Earnings per equity share (Nominal Value of share INR 10)

33.12

Basic (INR)

(1.59)

1.01

Diluted (INR)

(1.59)

1.01

The accompanying notes are integral part of the consolidated financial statements

1-33

In terms of our report of even date attached

For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

Chartered Accountants

MAX HEALTHCARE INSTITUTE LIMITED

(Firm's Registration No. 015125N)

RASHIM TANDON

ABHAY SOI

(Partner)

(Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director)

Membership No: 95540

DIN:00203597

Place: New Delhi

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

Date: May 28, 2021

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place: New Delhi

Date: May 28, 2021

Consolidated Cash flow Statement

for the year ended March 31, 2021

The consolidated cash flow statement has been prepared under the ' Indirect Method' set out in Indian Accounting Standard-7,

"Statement of cash flow".

(INR in Lakh)

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

(Refer note 33.20)

For the year ended

March 31, 2020

(Refer note 2.1)

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Profit/(loss) before tax and share of profit/(loss) in associates

(6,865)

1,278

Adjustments to reconcile profit before tax to net cash flows:

Depreciation of tangible assets

10,923

3,367

Amortization of intangible assets

4,439

686

Depreciation of right to use assets

2,047

511

Contract Expense

310

316

Net (Gain) / Loss on foreign exchange fluctuation

(1,788)

21

Loss on remeasurement of previously held equity interest by Radiant Life Care

19,592

-

Employee stock options expense

2,651

-

CWIP/Asset written off

814

-

Fair value loss on contingent consideration

160

(603)

Bad debts and Debit balances written off

3,564

-

Provision for doubtful advances and doubtful debts (net)

(1,904)

2,273

Income on modification/ termination of Lease under Ind AS 116

163

-

Net loss on sale/disposal of property, plant and equipment

24

7

Unclaimed balances and excess provisions written back

(1,013)

(444)

Finance income

(6,608)

(3,514)

Interest on lease liability

1,589

254

Interest on debts and borrowings (including fair value change in financial instruments)

15,511

8,070

Operating cash flow before working capital changes

43,609

12,222

Working capital changes:

(Increase)/Decrease in trade receivables

5,606

(3,143)

Decrease in other financial assets

9,483

2,609

(Increase)/Decrease in other current and non current assets

(7,573)

(264)

(Increase)/Decrease in inventories

1,725

(1,204)

(Decrease)/Increase in trade payables and other financial liabilities

(47,790)

(1,189)

(Decrease)/Increase in Provisions

855

385

(Decrease)/Increase in other current and non current liabilities

69

(1,078)

Cash generated from operations

5,984

8,338

Taxes (paid)/ refund - (net)

5,802

(629)

Net cash generated from operating activities (A)

11,786

7,709

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Purchase of property, plant and equipment, including intangible assets, CWIP and capital advances

(11,842)

(9,009)

Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment

162

-

Loan given to others healthcare service providers

(5,291)

(44,000)

Loan repayments by others healthcare service providers

3,700

-

Loan and deposits given to others

(637)

-

Purchase of equity instruments of Max Healthcare Institute Limited (refer note 2.1)

-

(2,13,598)

Finance income

6,608

2,537

Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities (B)

(7,300)

(2,64,070)

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

224

225:

Managing Director)

Membership No: 95540

DIN:00203597

Place: New Delhi

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

Date: May 28, 2021

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place: New Delhi

Date: May 28, 2021

1

CORPORATE INFORMATION

Max Healthcare Instituted Limited ("MHIL" or "the

Company") was incorporated on June 18, 2001 and

its registered office is located at 401, 4th Floor, Man

Excellenza, S. V. Road, Vile Parle (West), Mumbai 400056.

The equity shares of the Company were listed on the

Bombay Stock Exchange Limited and the National Stock

Exchange of India Limited on August 21, 2020.

The Company along with its subsidiary companies and

deemed separate entities, that is 'Silos' (Collectively

referred to as "the Group") is primarily engaged in

provision of healthcare services through primary care

clinics, multi-speciality hospitals / medical centres and

super-speciality hospitals facilities. These facilities

include third party healthcare providers with whom, the

Company has entered into long term service contracts

for providing operation and management, medical

services, clinical, radiology, pathology services and

related healthcare services.

Also, refer to note 2.1 below with respect to business

combination pursuant to Composite Scheme of

Amalgamation and Arrangement (hereafter referred to as

'the Scheme') amongst the Company, Radiant Life Care

Private Limited ('Radiant'), erstwhile Max India Limited

and its subsidiary company Advaita Allied Healthcare

Services Limited (now known as Max India Limited ('Max

India')) effective from June 01, 2020. On effectiveness of

the Scheme, along with other developments as explained

below, Abhay Soi and Kayak Investment Holdings Pte.

Ltd. became controlling shareholders of the Company.

The financial statements were authorised by the Board of

Directors for issue in accordance with resolutions passed

on May 28, 2021.

2

BASIS OF PREPARATION AND PRESENTATION

These Consolidated financial statements of the

Group have been prepared in accordance with Indian

Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under section

133 of the Companies Act 2013 ("the Act"), read with the

Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rule, 2015, as

amended from time to time and other relevant provision

of the act.

The Financial Statements includes the financial

information of the following entities:

a)

Max Healthcare Institute Limited (the Parent

company); b) Alps Hospital Limited, a subsidiary

company; c) Hometrail Buildtech Private Limited, a

subsidiary company d) Crosslay Remedies Limited,

a subsidiary company; e) Saket City Hospitals

Limited, a subsidiary company; f) Radiant Life Care

Mumbai Private Limited, a subsidiary company; g)

Operations of Dr. B.L. Kapur Memorial Hospital,

deemed separate entity ‘Silo’ considered for

consolidation; h) Operations of Dr. Balabhai

Nanavati Hospital, deemed separate entity ‘Silo’

considered for consolidation and proportionate

share of net profit/(loss) of previously held equity

stake in Max Healthcare Institute Limited. Also refer

Note 3 below.

The Financial Statements have been prepared under the

historical cost convention, except for certain financial

instruments that are measured at fair values at end

of each reporting period (as explained in significant

accounting policies note 3 below) and accounting for

business combination carried out by the Group during

the period (as more fully explained in note 2.1 below).

The following note provides list of the significant

accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these

Financial Statements.

2.1

Business combination during the year ended March

31, 2021

The Company, on May 27,2020 received the certified copy

of National Company Law Tribunal ('NCLT') approving the

Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement

(“the Scheme”) amongst the Company, Radiant Life Care

Private Limited ('Radiant'), erstwhile Max India Limited

and its subsidiary company Advaita Allied Healthcare

Services Limited (now known as Max India Limited ('Max

India'). Thereafter, the Board of Directors took note of the

NCLT order approving the scheme and filed the NCLT

order with the respective Registrar of Companies on

June 01, 2020 giving effect to the Scheme.

Consequently, Kayak Investments Holding Pte. Ltd.

("Kayak") and Mr. Abhay Soi, (the shareholder of

"Radiant Life Care" (Demerged healthcare business of

Radiant)) obtained control of the Company. The business

combination has been treated as a reverse acquisition for

financial reporting purposes in accordance with Ind AS

103, with Radiant Life Care as the accounting acquirer

and Max Healthcare Institute Limited as the accounting

acquiree/legal acquirer.

Accordingly, these financials issued under the name

of Max Healthcare Institute Limited (legal acquirer)

represent the continuation of the financials of Radiant Life

Care (accounting acquirer) except for capital structure

and reflects the assets and liabilities of Radiant Life

Care measured at their pre-combination carrying value

and acquisition date fair value of the identified assets

acquired and liabilities taken over with respect to Max

Healthcare Institute Limited and its subsidiaries.

Further, Radiant Life Care for business combination

accounting on acquisition date, re-measured its

previously held equity interest of 49.70% in the

Company at INR 196,309 Lakh (previous carrying value

INR 215,901 Lakh) and recognized a loss of INR 19,592,

which has been disclosed as exceptional item (Refer

note 33.16). In addition, the Company has also incurred a

stamp duty cost of INR 3,778 Lakh under the Maharashtra

Stamp Act, 1958 and reported this as an acquisition

related exceptional cost. (Refer note 33.16).

227

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

226:

Managing Director

is the Group’s chief operating decision maker

("CODM").

The Group has identified only one reportable

business segment as it deals mainly in provision of

healthcare services.

3.3 Significant accounting judgements, estimates and

assumptions

The preparation of the Group's Financial Statements

requires management to make judgements, estimates

and assumptions that affect the reported amounts

of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and

the accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure

of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these

assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that

require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of

the asset or liability affected in future periods.

Estimates and assumptions

The key assumptions concerning the future and other

key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting

date, that have a significant risk of causing a material

adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and

liabilities within the next financial year, are described

below. The Group based its assumptions and estimates

on parameters available when the Financial Statements

were prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions

about future developments, however, may change due

to market changes or circumstances arising beyond the

control of the Group. Such changes are reflected in the

assumptions when they occur.

Judgements

In the process of applying the group's accounting policies,

management has made the following judgements,

which have the most significant effect on the amounts

recognised in the Consolidated Financial Statements.

(a)

Impairment

(i)

Impairment testing of goodwill and other

intangible assets

Goodwill and intangible assets (such as Trademarks),

if any, that have an indefinite useful life are not

subject to amortisation and are tested annually

for impairment, or more frequently if events or

changes in circumstances indicate that they might

be impaired. Other intangible assets (including

Operation and management rights and Service

agreement) are tested for impairment whenever

events or changes in circumstances indicate that

the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An

impairment loss is recognised for the amount by

which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its

recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the

higher of an asset's fair value less cost of disposal

and value in use. For the purposes of assessing

impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest

levels for which there are separately identifiable

cash inflows which are largely independent of the

cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets

(cash-generating units) (refer note 6). During the

year Group has done the impairment assessment

of Goodwill and other intangibles (including those

appearing in the subsidiaries) and have concluded

that there is no impairment in value of goodwill

and other intangibles assets as appearing in the

Financial Statements.

(ii)

Impairment testing of non-Financial assets

The Group’s non-financial assets are reviewed at

each reporting date to determine whether there is

any indication of impairment. If any such indication

exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is

estimated. Determining whether the asset is

impaired requires to assess the recoverable

amount of the asset or Cash Generating Unit (CGU)

which is compared to the carrying amount of the

asset or CGU, as applicable. Recoverable amount

is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and

value in use. Where the carrying amount of an asset

or CGU exceeds the recoverable amount, the asset

is considered impaired and is written down to its

recoverable amount.

(iii)

Impairment testing of Financial assets

The impairment provisions of financial assets are

based on assumptions about risk of default and

expected loss rates. The Group uses judgement in

making these assumptions and selecting the inputs

to the impairment calculation based on Group's

past history, existing market conditions as well

as forward looking estimates at the end or each

reporting period.

(iv)

Impairment testing of trade receivables

The Group reviews its trade receivables to assess

impairment at regular intervals. In determining of

impairment losses, the Group makes judgement as

to whether there is any observable data indicating

that there is a measurable decrease in the estimated

future cash flows and a risk of default and expected

loss rates exists. Accordingly, an allowance for

expected credit loss is made where there is an

identified loss event or conditions which is based

on historic loss rates, present developments such

as liquidity issues and information about future

economic conditions, with respect to reduction in

the recoverability of cash flows.

(b)

Contingent Consideration

The valuation model considers the present value of

expected payment, discounted using an appropriate

discount rate. The expected payment is determined

by considering the possible scenarios of forecast

revenue and profitability on which contingent

consideration is depend, the amount to paid under

each scenario and the probability of each scenario.

Key assumptions include annual revenue growth

rate, risk-adjusted discount rate, occupancy rate

and average revenue and expenditures over the

period of contracts. All assumptions are reviewed

at each reporting period.

(c)

Business combination

Business combination during the current year (as

explained in note 2.1 above) has been accounted

as reverse acquisition under Ind AS 103,

“Business Combination”. Significant estimates

and judgements are required to be made in

determination of business, accounting acquirer,

accounting acquiree and acquisition date and

identification of assets and liabilities acquired. Ind

AS 103 requires Identification and valuation of

assets (including intangible assets and trademarks)

and liabilities (including contractual obligations)

of the accounting acquiree & its subsidiaries as

at the acquisition date. Based on the third party

expert advise, the management determines the

appropriate valuation technique, related inputs,

estimates and assumptions for fair valuation

measurements. The Group has engaged third party

experts to perform the fair valuation using relevant

valuation methodology for identified tangible and

intangible assets and liabilities. Information about

the business combination and related valuation is

provided separately in these consolidated financial

statements.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

242

243

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Letter of Credit issued by banks for EPCG Licenses/ESIC/Government authorities.

9.

INCOME TAX ASSETS

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Advance income tax & tax deducted at source (net of provision)

15,533

6,545

15,533

6,545

10.

OTHER NON CURRENT ASSETS (UNSECURED CONSIDERED GOOD UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Capital advances [refer footnote (i)]

3,120

177

Unamortised contract expense [refer footnote (ii)]

9,855

10,164

Others

Prepaid expense

7,419

561

Licence receivable

39

-

Balance with statutory authorities

10

-

Other Advance [refer footnote (iii)]

1,656

-

Other Advances - credit impaired [refer footnote (iii)]

308

-

Less:- Impairment allowance for Other Advances - credit impaired

(308)

-

22,099

10,902

(i)

Capital advances includes the amount of INR 1,618 Lakh paid on account of the advance towards land located at Greater

Noida. This amounts was paid as per the terms of respective allotment letters. The aforesaid amounts were fair valued on

acquisition date, based on the available market, at value of INR 2,898 Lakh. The Company has applied to Greater Noida

Development Authorities for possession of land after payment of all due amount and waiting for grant of possession.

(ii)

Unamortized contract expense represents cost of land and buildings of Dr. B.L. Kapur Memorial Hospital and Dr Balabhai

Nanavati Hospital being consolidated in the financial statements and expensed over the period of contract.

iii)

Other advances as at March 31, 2021 include INR 1,686 Lakh paid as per the terms of: Letter of Allotment (‘LOA’) towards

land allotted to the Company by Greater Mohali Area Development Authority (GMADA) located at Medi City, New

Chandigarh. Despite repeated request, GMADA has not been able to handover possession of vacant land to Company,

due to which, Company has withheld the instalments of INR 534 Lakh and INR 498 Lakh due on July 20,2018 and July

20,2019 respectively. The aforesaid amounts were fair valued on acquisition date, based on the recoverability, at value

of INR 1,464 Lakh. During the current year, the Company has vide letter dated September 30, 2020 withdrawn from LOA

and surrendered the land back to GMADA and requested for the refund of amounts already paid along with interest.

Subsequently GMADA has issued a notice dated December 2, 2020 and imposed an interest penalty aggregating to

INR 361 Lakh on the Company for non- payment of amount due, ignoring the letter of surrender submitted by the Company.

The Company has not accepted the demand of GMADA, as required activities were not completed by authorities for the

handing over of peaceful possession of allotted plot to the Company. Based on the discussions between GMADA officers

and Company representative, an amount of INR 1,156 Lakh (net of estimated deduction of INR 530 Lakh by GMADA) has

been considered recoverable in the books of account.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

250

251

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

letter of credit.

INR 542 Lakh (March 31, 2020: INR 358 Lakh) to secure bank guarantee issued to banks to secure credit facility.

v)

Loan (valued at amortized cost) (unsecured considered good, unless otherwise stated)

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Loans to other healthcare service provider (refer footnote below)

543

45,069

Loans to others:

Considered good

-

200

Credit impaired

94

-

Less: Impairment allowance for other advances - credit impaired

(94)

-

543

45,269

During the year ended March 31, 2020, Radiant Life Care Private Limited had given a loan of INR 44,000 Lakh to Max Healthcare

Institute Limited having an interest rate of 10.15% p.a. for general business purpose for meeting their working capital requirement.

On merger of Max Healthcare Institute Limited and Radiant Life Care Private Limited, effective on 01 June, 2020 (Refer note

2.1), balance is eliminated in these consolidated financial statements.

vi)

Other financial assets (unsecured considered good, unless otherwise stated)

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Unbilled revenue

2,191

1,194

Receivable from trust

-

567

2,191

1,761

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

252

253

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

letter of credit guarantee, performance

bond, corporate guarantee, bank guarantee

provided by any party to the Project

Document, (d) all the right, title, interest,

benefits claims and demands whatsoever of

the Company under all insurance contracts.

Security interest set out in sub clause (c) shall

be subject to the first prior charge of only

working capital facility lenders to the extent of

INR 9,500 Lakh.

Security interest set out in sub clauses (a), (b), (d)

and (e) shall rank pari-passu amongst the lenders

of the borrower for an aggregate rupee loan of up

to INR 34,000 Lakh.

(vi)

INR 2,427 Lakh (March 31, 2020: INR Nil) from

Indusind Bank Limited of MHIL repayable in 150

monthly installments from June, 2019 is secured

by way of :-

a)

Charge on the entire current assets, both

present and future, subject to the first prior

charge of only Working Capital facility

lenders to the extent of INR 9,500 Lakh. of

the borrower with IDFC First Bank Ltd and

NIIF Infrastructure Finance Limited.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

256

257

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

letter of credit guarantee, performance

bond, corporate guarantee, bank guarantee

provided by any party to the Project

Document, (4) all the right, title, interest,

benefits claims and demands whatsoever of

the HBPL under all insurance contracts.

e)

Security interest set out in sub clauses (a),

(c) and (d) shall rank pari-passu amongst the

lenders of the HBPL for an aggregate rupee

loan of up to INR 9,500 Lakh.

(x)

INR 4,778 Lakh (March 31, 2020: INR Nil) from IDFC

First Bank Limited of Hometrail Buildtech Private

Limited repayable in 52 quarterly installments from

June, 2018 is secured by way of:

a)

A first charge by way of hypothecation of

entire movable PPE (except the movable

current assets) of the HBPL present and future,

including movable plant and machinery,

machinery spares, tools and accessories,

furniture, fixtures, vehicles, and all other

movable PPE of whatsoever nature but

excluding the movable properties financed

by specific vehicle/equipment finance loans.

b)

A charge on the entire current assets

including cash flows, receivables, books

debts, revenues, raw material, stock-in-trade,

and inventory of the borrower of whatsoever

nature and wherever arising, both present

and future.

c)

A First Charge on entire intangible assets

of the borrower including but not limited to

goodwill and uncalled capital, intellectual

property, both present and future.

d)

A first charge/mortgage/assignment, as the

case may be, of -(1) all the rights, title, interest,

benefits, claims and demands whatsoever

of the borrower in the project document,

duly acknowledged and consented to by

the relevant counter-parties to such project

documents, all as amended, varied or

supplemented from time to time (2) subject

to applicable Law, all the rights, title, interest,

benefits, claims and demands whatsoever of

the HBPL in the clearance, and (3) all the rights,

title, interest, benefits, claims and demands

whatsoever of the HBPL in any: letter of credit

guarantee, performance bond, corporate

guarantee, bank guarantee provided by any

party to the Project Document, (4) all the right,

title, interest, benefits claims and demands

whatsoever of the HBPL under all insurance

contracts.

e)

Security interest set out in sub clauses (a),

(c) and (d) shall rank pari-passu amongst the

lenders of the HBPL for an aggregate rupee

loan of up to INR 11,900 Lakh.

f)

Security interest set out in sub clause (b)

mentioned for both the loans of borrower

i.e. at (ix) & (x) mentioned above shall be

subject to the first prior charge of only

working capital facility lenders to the extent

of INR 2,000 Lakh.

(xi)

INR 15,710 Lakh (March 31, 2020: INR Nil) from Axis

Bank Limited of Crosslay Remedies Limited (CRL)

repayable in 45 unstructured quarterly installment

from December 31, 2021.

a)

First and exclusive charge by way of equitable

mortgage over the land and building.

b)

First charge by the way hypothecation over all

movable fixed assets of the CRL both present

and future.

c)

Second charge by way hypothecation over all

current assets of the CRL both present and

future.

(xii) INR 7,692 Lakh (March 31, 2020: Nil Lakh) from Yes

Bank Limited of Saket City Hospitals Limited (SCHL)

repayable in 48 quarterly installment from March,

2019 The loan is secured by way of.

a)

First Pari passu charge over all movable

fixed assets both present and future and

immovable (if any acquired in future) of the

borrower.

b)

First pari passu charge over all current assets

(both present and future) of the borrower.

c)

First pari passu charge on book debts

operating cash flow, receivables,

commission, revenues, intangibles, goodwill

(of whatsoever nature and wherever arising)

of the borrower.

d)

Assignment of all borrowers rights under

the service agreement and any other such

agreement for providing any other services to

Saket City Hospitals Limited, letter of credit,

guarantee, or performance bond provided

by any party for any contract related to the

Hospital project in favor of the borrower on

first pari passu basis.

e)

Assignment of all the contracts, documents,

insurance policies, rights, titles, permits/

approvals, clearances and interest of the

borrower pertaining to the hospital project

on first pari passu basis.

f)

Pledge of 25.5% equity shares of the SCHL

held by Max Healthcare Institute Limited

(xiii) INR 5,390 Lakh (March 31, 2020 Nil) from Axis Bank

Limited of Saket City Hospitals Limited repayable

in 52 structured quarterly installment from January,

2019. The loan is secured by way of.

a)

A first pari passu charge on borrower's all

movables and immovable (if any acquired in

future), including but not limited to movable

plant and machinery, machinery, spares,

tools and accessories, furniture, fixture, and

all other movable assets, intangible, goodwill,

uncalled capital, both present and future.

b)

A first pari passu charge by way of

assignment/hypothecation/creation of

security interest, including but not limited to,

of all the rights, title, interest, benefits, claims

and demands whatsoever of the borrower in

all documents executed by the borrower with

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

258

259

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

letter of credit guarantee, performance

bond, corporate guarantee, bank guarantee

provided by any party to the Project

Document, (4) all the right, title, interest,

benefits claims and demands whatsoever of

the Company under all insurance contracts

future.

f)

Security interest set out in sub clause (c) shall

be subject to the first prior charge of only

working capital facility lenders to the extent

of INR 9,500 Lakh.

g)

Security interest set out in sub clauses (a),

(b), (d) and (e) shall rank pari-passu amongst

the lenders of the borrower for an aggregate

rupee loan of up to INR 34,000 Lakh.

Term loans are chargeable to interest from 8.60%

per annum to 10.94% per annum on the basis of

actual rate charged depending upon the purpose,

tenure and lending institution.

(III) Unsecured Term loan from Others:-

Unsecured Term loan of INR 50 Lakh (March 31, 2020:

INR 50 Lakh) from Rajiv Chaudhary HUF is interest free

& repayable on demand.

(IV) Deferred payment liabilities :-

(a)

Deferred payment liabilities INR 139 Lakh

(March 31, 2020: INR Nil Lakh)of Max Healthcare

Institute Limited are secured by hypothecation of

medical equipment and repayable in 20 quarterly

installments from June 2018.

(V)

Vehicle loan :-

Vehicle Loans of INR 596 Lakh (March 31, 2020:

INR 129 Lakh) are repayable over the period ranging from

one to five years and are secured by way of hypothecation

of respective vehicles.

The rate of interest ranging from 7.40% to 10.00% on

outstanding car loan on the basis of actual rate charged

depending upon the tenure and lending institution.

18.

LEASE LIABILITIES -NON CURRENT

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Lease liabilities (refer footnote below)

16,999

1,445

16,999

1,445

Note:

Pursuant to business combination accounting on June 01, 2020 as per Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement,

lease contracts of accounting acquiree (Max Healthcare Institute Limited, also note 2.1) are measures at acquisition date fair

value. Lease liability of INR 17,523 Lakh (Non Current) & INR 1,033 Lakh (Current) was acquired on acquisition. The assets

majorly includes lease liability for Hospital at Dehradun, Panchsheel Park, Noida, nursing hostels and other accommodations.

19.

OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES -NON CURRENT

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Contingent Consideration payable (refer note below)

23,726

24,189

23,726

24,189

Note:

Contingent Consideration payable has been recognized based on acquisition accounting applied by the Group as per Ind AS

103 Business Combinations.

20. PROVISIONS - NON CURRENT

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Provision for restoration under public private partnership

285

-

Provision for gratuity (refer note 33.1)

5,454

2,780

Provision for leave encashment

-

986

Provision for Post retirement medical benefit (refer note 33.2)

280

300

6,019

4,066

21.

OTHER NON CURRENT LIABILITIES

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Government grant [Refer note (i) below]

1,141

733

Unfavourable lease liability [Refer note (ii) below]

22,524

-

23,665

733

Note:

(i)

Movement in Government Grant

Particulars

INR in Lakh

Opening Balance

733

Pursuant to the Scheme (Refer Note 2.1)

152

Add:- Custom duty on purchase of machines

586

Less:- Income booked during the year

330

Closing Balance

1,141

(ii)

Pursuant to business combination accounting on June 01, 2020 as per Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and

Arrangement, all the assets and liabilities of accounting acquiree (Max Healthcare Institute Limited, refer note 2.1) are

measures at acquisition date fair value. Unfavourable lease liability is net of Fair value of Land at Mohali & Bathinda provided

by Punjab Government for a period of 50 years and Present value of estimated outflow obligation against such land as

per the concession agreement.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

260

261

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

letter of credit, guarantee,

or performance bond provided by any party

for any contract related to the hospital project

in favor of the borrower on first pari passu

basis.

e)

Assignments of all the contracts, documents,

insurance policies, rights, titles, permits/

approvals, clearances and interest of the

borrower pertaining to the hospital project

on first pari passu basis.

f)

Pledge of 25.5% equity shares of the borrower

held by Max Healthcare Institute Limited.

(iii)

Cash credit facility of INR 40 Lakh (March 31,

2020: Nil) of Saket City Hospitals Limited against

sanctioned limit of INR 750 Lakh from Axis Bank

Limited is secured by way of:

a)

First pari passu charge on all borrower's

movables and immovable (if any acquired in

future), including but not limited to movable

plant and machinery, machinery, spares, tools

and accessories, furniture, fixtures, and all

other movable assets intangible, goodwill,

uncalled capital, both present and future.

b)

First pari passu charge by way of assignment/

hypothecation/creation of security interest,

including but not limited to, of all the

rights, title, interest, benefits, claims and

demands, whatsoever of the borrower in all

documents executed by the borrower with

SHRC "Gujarmal Modi Hospital and Research

Centre for Medical Sciences" including but

not limited to the hospital service agreement

both present and future.

c)

First pari passu charge on all receivables,

current assets, present and future, of the

borrower.

d)

Pledge (in compliance with BR Act) of 25.50%

share capital (on a fully diluted basis) of the

borrower held by Max Healthcare Institute

Limited and option to increase it to 51%

subject to inclusion of new lenders

(iv)

Cash credit facilities INR 80 Lakh (March 31, 2020:

Nil) against sanctioned limit of INR 1,500 Lakh from

Axis Bank Limited of Hometrail Buildtech Private

Limited is secured by:

a)

First Charge by way of hypothecation of the

borrower's entire current assets (present and

future) to the extent allowed by existing term

lenders and except escrow account with the

Government of Punjab.

b)

Second charge on entire movable fixed

assets (excluding Vehicles) as provided to

first charge holders of the borrower both

present and future.

(v)

Cash credit facility of INR 109 Lakh (March 31, 2020:

NIL) against sanctioned limit of INR 1,000 Lakh

from Indusind Bank Limited of ALPS Hospital Ltd is

repayable on demand and secured by way:-

a)

1st Pari passu charge on the entire current

assets.

b)

1st Pari Passu charge on the entire movable

fixed Assets (Except vehicles and assets

charged exclusively to lenders).

(vi)

Cash credit facility of INR 163 Lakh (March 31,

2020: Nil) from Indusind bank of Crosslay Remedies

Ltd against sanctioned limit of INR 2,000 Lakh is

repayable on demand and are secured by way of:

a)

First charge by the way hypothecation over all

current assets of the borrower both present

and future.

b)

Second charge by the way hypothecation

over all movable fixed assets of the borrower

both present and future.

c)

Second charge by way of equitable mortgage

over the land and building.

(vii) Cash credit facilities INR 1,537 Lakh (March 31,

2020: INR 3,914 Lakh) of Dr Balabhai Nanavati

Hospital against sanctioned limit of INR 4,000 Lakh

from IndusInd Bank Limited is secured by:

a)

First exclusive charge upon all movable fixed

assets and mortgage/ leasehold rights on all

the immovable property.

b)

Exclusive charge on the Designated Account

of the Borrower to be maintained with the

bank.

(viii) INR 2,017 Lakh (March 31, 2020: INR 3,115 Lakh)

from Punjab National Bank of Dr. B.L. Kapur

Memorial Hospital repayable on demand and is

secured by way of first pari passu charge by way

of hypothecation of all book debts, operating

cash flows and all the receivables and revenues,

all current assets, commissions and the revenues

of whatsoever nature and wherever arising, both

present and future.

The interest rate on Cash credit ranging from 9.10%

to 10.60%.

(II)

Term loans (unsecured)

(i)

During the previous year ended March 31, 2020,

Radiant Life Care Private Limited had taken a loan

of INR 61,738 Lakh from Standard Chartered bank

at a fixed interest rate of 9.87% p.a. The said loan

is paid in October 2020.

(ii)

During the previous year ended March 31, 2020,

Radiant Life Care Private Limited had taken a loan

of INR 4,500 from Neo Legno Consultants Private

Limited at a fixed interest rate of 12.5% p.a. The said

loan is paid in August 2020.

(ii)

Trade payables

(INR in Lakh)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises

95

2,058

Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises

43,310

15,630

Trade payable to related party (refer note 33.10)

164

275

43,569

17,963

Trade payables are usually non- interest bearing, unsecured and are settled as per contract terms.

Information as required to be furnished as per section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006

(MSMED Act) for the year ended March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020 is given below. This information has been determined to

the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information available with the Group.

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

262

263

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director w.e.f.

June 19, 2020)#

2

Mr. Kummamuri Murthy Narasimha, Independent

Director

3

Mr. Mahendra Gumanmalji Lodha, Independent

Director (From June 21, 2019)

4

Mr. Upendra Kumar Sinha, Independent Director

(From June 21, 2019)

5

Mr. Michael Thomas Neeb, Independent Director

(From June 21, 2019)

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

284

285

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director of Radiant and Chairman &: Managing Director of MHIL w.e.f June 19,

2020#

2

Mr. Yogesh Kumar Sareen, Chief Financial Officer of MHIL (from acquisition date i.e. June 01, 2020)

3

Dr. Mradul Kaushik, Manager (in terms of the Companies Act, 2013 from August 1, 2019 till June 15, 2020)

4

Ms. Ruchi Mahajan, Company secretary of MHIL (from acquisition date i.e. June 01, 2020)

5

Mr. Dilip Bidani (Chief Financial Officer of Radiant till May 31, 2020)

6

Ms. Prachi Singh, (Company secretary of Radiant till May 31, 2020)

# Non-Executive

Managing Director)

DIN:00203597

YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

RUCHI MAHAJAN

(Chief Financial Officer)

(Company Secretary)

ICAI Membership Number: 087383

Membership Number: F5671

Place: New Delhi

Date: May 28, 2021

Max Healthcare Institute Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

290

291

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

MS. ANANYA TRIPATHI

Non-Executive Non Independent Director

MR. SANJAY OMPRAKASH NAYAR

Non-Executive Non Independent Director

MR. UPENDRA KUMAR SINHA

(TILL MAY 20, 2021)

Non-Executive Independent Director

MS. HARMEEN MEHTA

(APPOINTED W.E.F. MAY 24, 2021)

Non-Executive Independent Director

MR. MAHENDRA GUMANMALJI LODHA

Non-Executive Independent Director

MR. K NARASIMHA MURTHY

Non-Executive Independent Director

MR. MICHAEL THOMAS NEEB

Non-Executive Independent Director

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

MR. YOGESH KUMAR SAREEN

Senior Director & Chief Financial Officer

COMPANY SECRETARY

MS. RUCHI MAHAJAN

Senior Vice President - Company Secretary &

Compliance Officer

REGISTERED OFFICE

401, 4th Floor, Man Excellenza, S. V. Road, Vile Parle (West),

Mumbai, Maharashtra-400056

CORPORATE OFFICE

2nd Floor, Capital Cyberscape, Sector-59, Gurugram,

Haryana-122011

STATUTORY AUDITORS

M/s DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS

Chartered Accountant

SECRETARIAL AUDITORS

M/s SANJAY GROVER & ASSOCIATES

Practicing Company Secretaries

COST AUDITORS

M/s CHANDRA WADHWA & CO.

Cost Accountant

REGISTRAR & TRANSFER AGENT

LINK INTIME INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED

Noble Heights, 1st Floor, Plot No. NH 2, LSC, C-1 Block,

Near Savitri Market, Janakpuri, New Delhi-110058

BANKS

AXIS BANK LIMITED

INDUSIND BANK LIMITED

RBL BANK LIMITED

HDFC BANK LIMITED

IDFC FIRST BANK LIMITED

PUNJAB NATIONAL BANK

YES BANK LIMITED

NIIF INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE LIMITED

STANDARD CHARTERED BANK KENYA LIMITED

Notes:

