Managing Director

Himanshu Baid

Joint: Managing

Letter to Shareholders

13

Notice of Annual General Meeting

17

Directors’ Report

30

Management Discussion and Analysis

52

Report on Corporate Governance

66

Standalone Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report

85

Balance Sheet

91

Statement of Profit and Loss

93

Cash Flow Statement

94

Statement of Changes in Equity

96

Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements

115

Consolidated Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report

147

Balance Sheet

154

Statement of Profit and Loss

156

Cash Flow Statement

157

Statement of Changes in Equity

159

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements

181

Statement of Salient features of the Financial Statements

213

of Subsidiaries and Associate Companies:

Dear Shareholders,

The Company was not greatly impacted by local and global

lockdowns and continued to manufacture and support

customers worldwide during Covid-19 pandemic. Through

better planning and efficient raw material management, prior

investments in automation and support of strong Research

and Development team ensured minimal disruption in

manufacturing cycle.

In initial few months the Company had to cope up with acute

shortage of manpower but gradually situation improved in

following months.

With these endeavors, our company was able to deliver a

very strong performance despite the restrictive business

conditions. At the consolidated level, your Company

has achieved net sales of ` 786.47 Crores, EBITDA of

` 236.09 Crores and profit after tax of ` 135.87 Crores as

compared to previous year net sales of ` 687.24 Crores,

EBITDA of ` 184.57 Crores and profit after tax of ` 95.88

Crores.

The COVID-19 pandemic has not only presented challenges

but also several opportunities for India to grow. India is also

a land of opportunities for players in the medical devices

industry, with tremendous opportunities for expansion of

diagnostic and pathology centres as well as miniaturised

diagnostics.

Supply chain disruptions of medical devices and essential

medical supplies were prominent in 2020, especially due to

travel and trade restrictions all over the globe. Also, to prevent

the rapid spread of COVID-19 globally, medical procedures

were classified as elective and essential procedures. All

elective procedures were cancelled, or healthcare facilities

were directed to postpone these procedures. This resulted

in a moderate impact on specific segments of the market.

India is among the fast-growing markets for healthcare and

medical devices in the Asia-Pacific. With improving medical

device regulations, setting up of the National Medical

Devices Promotion Council, and the government’s focus on

manufacturing of medical device, there is huge potential for

the Indian medical manufacturing industry.

I am also happy to share with you that your Company

received the “Forbes Asia Best under a Billion” award in

2020 as the region’s top 200 small and midsized companies.

Your company continues to prove its mantle in export

market and has received the Top Export Award for the years

2018-2019 and also for the previous four consecutive years

by Plastic Export Promotion Council for Disposables Medical

Devices/ surgical items. We have also received “Atmanirbhar

Medtech Company” by Medgate Today.

Contributing to social development is engraved in our

vision. Our social objectives are aimed at improving the

quality of life of people. In previous years our focus was

more on education, malnutrition, food and sanitation but

this year, we have spent a major amount for the cure and

prevention of Covid-19 disease. We are focusing on the

strategy “prevention is better than cure” to defeat this virus

along with the ongoing projects on education, malnutrition,

food and sanitation with many NGOs. We also distributed

the COVID-19 prevention related products to the healthcare

fraternity and also to the public at large.

Also, we are doing our best to reduce our carbon footprints

on the planet earth. We are developing the operational

excellence with lesser water, energy, fuel consumption.: LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN

LETTER FROM: MANAgINg DIRECTOR

We are proud of what your company has done over the last

one year to contribute in the fight against COVID.

Our priority now is to collaborate and work closely with all

stakeholders such as the government, private sector as well

as the medical research fraternity to develop new products.

To make the most of the opportunities, we are focusing on

the growth prospects in the fast-growing segments including

diagnostics, respiratory care & renal care.

For the current year, we are focusing on a number of key

priorities:

Quality: Our top priority remains to manufacture and supply

world class quality products.

Safety and Wellbeing: Keeping our people safe following all

Covid-19 prevention protocols and vaccinating all employees

in time.

Customers: Equally important was our commitment to

serve our customers during the lockdowns. We did not have

significant factory shutdowns and were able to provide

our products to our customers even during the peak of the

pandemic. We will continue to support our customers, who

tirelessly serve their patients and help build a healthier

world.

Culture: Enhancing our efforts to foster a culture of

inclusivity, integrity and ownership.

Innovation: Scaling up innovation and research &

development of new products to fast track launch of new

products.

Financial Performance:

I would like to share with you the financial performance of

your Company for the financial year ending March 31, 2021.

Your Company has achieved net sales of ` 786.47 Crores

as against the net sales of ` 687.24 Crores in the previous

financial year. EBITDA improved to ` 236.09 Crores from

` 184.57 Crores in the preceding year which translates into a

rise of 27.91%. Profit before Tax is ` 180.05 Crores as against

` 125.72 Crores representing a growth of 43.22% over the

previous year.

Dividend Outlook

The Company continues to focus on shareholder value

creation by divesting non-core assets, capturing cost

efficiencies and leveraging technology for productivity gains.

Managing Director

29th July 2021:

letter.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTINg

AND JOININg gENERAL MEETINg ARE AS UNDER:-

The remote e-voting period begins on Tuesday, 21st

September, 2021 at 09:00 A.M. and ends on Thursday, 23rd

September, 2021 at 5:00 P.M. The remote e-voting module

shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members,

whose names appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial

Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. Friday, 17th

September, 2021, may cast their vote electronically. The

voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their

share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as

on the cut-off date, being Friday, 17th September, 2021.

How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?

The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system

consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:

Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system

A)

Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual

meeting for Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020

on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies,

Individual shareholders holding securities in

demat mode are allowed to vote through their

demat account maintained with Depositories

and Depository Participants. Shareholders are

advised to update their mobile number and

email Id in their demat accounts in order to

access e-Voting facility.:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to pkmishra59@yahoo.com

with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep

your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key

in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user

manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800

1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a request to Mr. Amit Vishal at evoting@nsdl.co.in:

Managing Director, Shri Rishi Baid,

Joint: Managing Director, Shri Naresh Vijayvergiya, Chief

Financial Officer (appointed w.e.f. 1st July, 2021) and Shri

Avinash Chandra, Company Secretary. Also during the year

under report Shri J. K. Oswal, ceased to be the C.F.O. of the

Company w.e.f. close of business hours on 30th June, 2021.

Board Evaluation

Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Board has carried out

an annual evaluation of its own performance, performance

of the Directors as well as the evaluation ofthe working of its

Committees.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has defined

the evaluation criteria for the Board, its Committees and

Directors.

The Board’s functioning was evaluated on various aspects,

including inter alia degree of fulfillment of key responsibilities,

Board structure, composition, establishment and delineation

of responsibilities to various Committees, effectiveness of

Board processes, information and functioning.

Directors were evaluated on aspects such as attendance and

contribution at Board/Committee Meetings and guidance/

support to the management outside Board/Committee

Meetings. In addition, the

Managing Director

is annexed with this Report.

Management Discussion and Analysis Report

The Management Discussion and Analysis Report on the

operations of the Company, as required under the provision

of Regulation 34 of the Listing Regulation is provided in

“Annexure-7” forming part of Directors’ Report.

Listing

The Shares of your Company are listed on the BSE Limited

(BSE), Mumbai and National Stock Exchange of India Limited,

(NSE), Mumbai. The Listing fees to the Stock Exchanges for

the year 2021-22 have been paid.

Particulars of Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption

and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo

The information pertaining to conservation of energy,

technology absorption, foreign exchange earnings and outgo

as required under Section 134(3) (m) of the Companies Act,

2013 read with Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules,

2014 are given in “Annexure - 8” and forming an integral

part of this Report.

green Initiatives

As part of the Green Initiative, we propose to send

documents such as Notices of General Meeting(s), Annual

Reports and other shareholders communications for the

year ended 31st March 2021 in electronic form, to the email

addresses provided by you and/or made available to the

Company by the Depositories. The copy of annual report

shall be available on the website of the Company and for

inspection at the registered office of the Company, during:

Managing Director:

Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer or

Manager

(ii)

Whole Time Director

(iii) Company Secretary

(iv) Chief Financial Officer

“Nomination and Remuneration Committee” shall mean a

Committee of Board of Directors of the Company, constituted

in accordance with the provisions of Section 178 of the

Companies Act, 2013.

“Policy” shall mean Nomination and Remuneration Policy.

“Remuneration” means any money or its equivalent given

or passed to any person for services rendered by him and

includes perquisites as defined under the Income Tax Act,

1961.:

Managing Director/

Whole Time Director who has attained the age of

seventy years. Provided that the term of the person

holding this position may be extended beyond the age

of seventy years with the approval of shareholders

by passing a special resolution based on explanatory

statement annexed to the notice for such motion

including the justification for extension of appointment

beyond the seventy years.

II.

Term/Tenure

a): Managing Director, Whole Time Director and Executive

Director

The Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person

as its Executive

Managing Director.

Retirement:

The Director, KMPs and Senior Management Personnel shall

retire as per the applicable provisions of the Act and the

prevailing HR Policy of the Company. The Board will have the

discretion to retain the Director, KMPs, Senior Management

Personnel in the same position/remuneration or otherwise

even after attaining the retirement age, for the benefit of the

Company, subject to applicable laws.

Remuneration:

The guiding principle is that the level and composition of

remuneration shall be reasonable and sufficient to attract,

retain and motivate Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and

other Senior Management Officials.

The Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other Senior

Management Official’s salary shall be based & determined

on the basis of person’s responsibilities and performance

and in accordance with the limits as prescribed statutorily,

if any.

The Nominations and Remuneration Committee determines

remuneration packages for Directors, KMP’s and Senior

Management Officials of the Company taking into account

factors it deems relevant, including but not limited to market

conditions, business performance, prevailing laws and other

guidelines.

i.

Remuneration to Executive Directors:

•

Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 provides for

the total managerial remuneration payable by the

Company to its Directors, including: Managing

letter of appointment as per the provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013.

•

Identifying and recommending Directors who are to be

put forward for retirement by rotation.

•

Determining the appropriate size, diversity and

composition of the Board as per the provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013.

•

Setting a formal and transparent procedure for

selecting new Directors for appointment to the Board

•

Developing a succession plan for the Board and Senior

Management and reviewing the plan from time to

time.

•

Evaluating the performance of the Board members and

Senior Management in the context of the Company’s

performance

from

business

and

compliance

perspective.

•

Recommend necessary changes to the Board

•

Considering any other matters as may be assigned by

the Board.

Duties of the Committee in relation to Remuneration

matters:

•

To consider and determine the remuneration based on

the principles of (a) pay for responsibilities (b) pay for

performance and potential.

•

To pay for growth and ensure that the remuneration

fixed is reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and

motivate the Directors, KMP’s and Officials in Senior

Management

•

To take into account financial position of the Company,

qualification, experience, past performance, past

remuneration etc.

•

To consider other factors as the Committee shall deem

appropriate for elements of the remuneration of the

members of the Board and ensure compliance of

provisions of Companies Act and other applicable laws.

•

To ensure that a balance is maintained between

fixed and variable pay reflecting short and long term

performance objectives appropriate to the working of

the Company in the remuneration of Directors, KMP’s

and Senior Management.

•

To consider any other matters as may be assigned by

the Board.

Review and Amend

•

The Committee or the Board may review the policy as

and when it deems necessary.

•

The Committee may issue the guidelines, procedures,

format,

reporting

mechanism

and

manual

in

supplement and better implementation to this policy,

if it things necessary.

•

The Company reserves the rights to modify, add, or

amend any of these Policy Rules/Guidelines any time.

Evaluation of Director(s), KMP’s etc.

The evaluation of Director(s), Key Managerial Personnel

and president level employees of the Company is to be

conducted on an annual basis by the committee. Below

mention criteria may be assisted in determining the effective

of the performance:

Executive Directors:

1.

Performance Criteria:

•

Management qualities

•

Results/Achievements

•

Domain Knowledge

•

Decision making

2.

Personal Attributes:

•

Leadership qualities

•

Motivation and Commitment

•

Vision

•

Strategic Planning

•

Principles and Values

Non Executive Independent Directors and Non Executive

Non Independent Directors

•

Engagement

•

Strategic Planning

•

Team spirit

•

Knowledge and Skills:

Managing Director

2.

Composition of the CSR Committee:

1.

Shri Devendra Chairman-Independent 1

1

Raj Mehta

Director

2.

Shri Jugal

Member - Non

1

1

Kishore Baid

Executive Director

3.

Smt. Mukulika Member - Non

1

1

Baid

Executive Director

Sl

No.

Name of

Director

Designation/

Nature of

Directorship

Number of

meetings

of CSR

Committee

held during

the year

Number of

meetings

of CSR

Committee

attended

during the

year:

Managing Director)

Sl.

Particulars

Amount

No.

(in Rs.)

1.

Two percent of average net profit of

` 211.78 Lacs

The Company as per Section 135(5)

2.

Total amount spent for the

` 247.72 Lacs

F.Y. 2020-21

3.

Excess amount spent for the

NIL

F.Y. 2020-21

4.

Surplus arising out of the CSR

Nil

projects or programmes or activities

of the previous financial years

5.

Amount available for set off in

NIL

succeeding financial years (iii-iv):

Managing Director to the median

company for the financial year

remuneration of the employees – 320 :1

– Ratio of the remuneration of Shri Rishi Baid,

Joint: Managing

Managing Director is related to Shri Jugal Kishore Baid, Director, Smt. Mukulika Baid, Director and

Shri Rishi Baid, Joint: Managing

Managing Director, Mr. Rishi

Baid, Joint: Managing

Managing Director(s) and Whole Time Director(s)

based on their performance and defined

assessment criteria.

•

To carry out any other function as is mandated

by the Board from time to time and/or enforced

by any statutory notification, amendment or

modification, as may be applicable.

•

To perform such other functions as may be

necessary or appropriate for the performance of

its duties.

Remuneration Policy

(i): Managing

Managing Director for a period of 5 (Five) years with

effect from 01st August, 2019.

•

To re-appoint Shri Rishi Baid, (DIN: 00048585) as Joint: Managing

Managing Director, in this regard is also given in this report.

CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF

FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE COMPANY

To

The Board of Directors

Poly Medicure Limited

1.

We have reviewed the financial statements and the

cash flow statement of Poly Medicure Limited for the

year ended 31st March, 2021 and to the best of our

knowledge and belief:-

(i)

These statements do not contain any materially

untrue statement or omit any material fact or

contain statement that might be misleading:

(ii)

These statements together present a true and

fair view of the company’s affair and are in

compliance with existing accounting standards,

applicable laws and regulation.

2.

There are to the best of our knowledge and belief, no

transaction entered into by the Company during the

year ended 31st March, 2021, which are fraudulent,

illegal or violate the Company’s code of Conduct.

3.

We accept responsibility for establishing and

maintaining internal controls for financial reporting

and we have evaluated the effectiveness of Company’s

internal control systems pertaining to financial

reporting.

We have not come across any reportable deficiencies

in the design or operation of such internal controls.

4.

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit

Committee:-

As provided under regulation 26(3) of the SEBI (Listing

Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

all the Board members and Senior Management Personnel

have affirmed compliance to the Code of Conduct of the

Company for the period from 1st April, 2020 to 31st March,

2021. The declaration received from Shri Himanshu Baid,: Managing Director, in this regard is also given in this report.

New Delhi

D. R. Mehta

Himanshu Baid

29th July, 2021

Managing Director

CFO

Declaration by Chief Executive Officer

I hereby confirm and declare that all the Directors of the

Company and all Senior Management Personnel as defined

in the Code of Conduct of the Company have submitted

Annual declaration confirming their compliance with the

same.

New Delhi

HImanshu Baid

29th July, 2021

CEO/: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

letter of credit issued

by bankers ₹ 1,971.84 lacs (Previous year ₹ 1,863.46 lacs), (Net of margins)

Bills discounted but not matured

696.33

890.73

Custom duty against import under EPCG Scheme

1,930.94

1,927.70

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital

3,472.81

5,612.40

account and not provided for (net of advances given)

35. CONTINgENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS:

Managing Director)

2

Mr. Rishi Baid (Joint: Managing

Managing director of the company. The company has regular review

procedures in place and: Managing director reviews the operations of the company as a whole, Hence there are no

reportable segments as per Ind AS 108 Operating segment.

Information about Geographical areas

The following information discloses revenue from customers based on geographical areas.

(` in Lacs)

Sr. No.

Year

Amount

a

0 to 1 Year

25.66

b

1 to 2 Year

6.04

c

2 to 3 Year

6.28

d

3 to 4 Year

7.74

e

4 to 5 Year

11.13

f

5 to 6 Year

7.70

g

6 Year onwards

317.74

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

letter of credit issued by bankers ₹ 1,971.84 lacs

(Previous year ₹ 1863.46 lacs), (Net of margins)

Bills discounted but not matured

696.33

890.73

Custom duty against import under EPCG Scheme

1,930.94

1,927.70

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital

3,472.81

5,612.40

account and not provided for (net of advances given)

35. CONTINgENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS

36. Financial Risk Management

The Company’s activities expose it to price risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk.

This note explains the source of risk which the company is exposed to and how it manages the risk and its impact on the

financial statement. These risks are managed by the senior management of the company supervised by the Board of

Directors to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the company.

The Board of Directors of the company provides

guiding principles for overall risk management, as well

as policies covering specific areas i.e. foreign exchange

risk, credit risk & Investment of Surplus liquidity.

The company’s risk management is carried out by

finance department, accordingly, this department

identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risk.

A)

Price Risk

The main Raw materials for manufacturing of Medical

devices are various types of Plastic Granules i.e. PP,

Exposure arising from

Cash

&

cash

equivalent,

Financial instruments, Financial

assets & Trade Receivable

Other Liabilities

Highly

probable

forecast

transactions

Measurement

Credit Rating and ageing

analysis

Maturity Analysis

Sensitivity analysis

Management

Diversification

of

counter

Parties,

setting of trade receivable, review of

outstanding / overdues

Maintenance of Sufficient cash and

cash Equivalent, Fixed Deposit & other

marketable securities

Forward Foreign Exchange Contracts

Risk

Credit Risk

Liquidity Risk

Market

Risk-Foreign

exchange

LDPE, HDPE, PC, PA, SAN, ABS and K. Resin etc. The

prices of Raw materials are mainly dependent on

the price of Crude Oil. The majority of Raw materials

are being imported by the Company and the few

are procured indigenously. In case of imported Raw

materials, the adverse forex movements are covered

by the natural hedge. In case of the drastic price rise

of Raw materials during the year, the Company makes

appropriate changes in the prices of Finished Products,

after due discussions with the customers. The prices of

Finished Goods are generally reviewed every year and

appropriate changes in prices are made to offset the

increase in cost.:

Managing Director)

2

Mr. Rishi Baid (Joint: Managing

Managing director of the company. The Group has regular reviews

procedures in place and: Managing director reviews the operations of the Group as a whole, Hence there are no

reportable segments as per Ind AS 108 Operating segment.

Information about Geographical areas

The following information discloses revenue from customers based on geographical areas.

(` in Lacs)

Sr. No.

Year

Amount

a

0 to 1 Year

25.66

b

1 to 2 Year

6.04

c

2 to 3 Year

6.28

d

3 to 4 Year

7.74

e

4 to 5 Year

11.13

f

5 to 6 Year

7.70

g

6 Year onwards

317.74

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

