Letter, etc., authorising

its representative to attend the AGM through VC / OAVM

on its behalf and to cast its vote through e-Voting, to the

Scrutinizer at e-mail id: scrutinizer.abcl@kfintech.com with

a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com with the subject

line “Aditya Birla Capital Limited 15th AGM”. They are also

requested to upload the same in the e-Voting module in

their login. The scanned image of the above-mentioned

documents should be in the naming format “Aditya Birla

Capital Limited_ EVENT NO.”

DISPATCH OF NOTICE AND ANNUAL REPORT

THROUGH ELECTRONIC MODE:

Pursuant to the relevant Circulars, Notice of the AGM along with

the Annual Report for the financial year 2021-22 is being sent

only through electronic mode to those Members whose email

address is registered with the Company / National Securities

Depository Limited (“NSDL”) / Central Depository Services

(India) Limited (“CDSL”). Members may note that the Notice and

Annual Report for the financial year 2021-22 is also available

on the Company’s website at https://www.adityabirlacapital.

com/investor-relations, website of the Stock Exchanges, i.e.,

BSE Limited ("BSE") and National Stock Exchange of India

Limited ("NSE") at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com

respectively, and on the website of Company’s RTA, KFinTech

at https://evoting.kfintech.com/.

A.

Procedure for joining the AGM through VC / OAVM:

1.

Members will be able to attend the AGM through VC

/ OAVM at https://emeetings.kfintech.com by using

their e-Voting login credentials.

2.

Members who do not have the User ID and Password for

e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password

may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting

instructions mentioned in the AGM Notice.

3.

Members may join the AGM through VC / OAVM facility

by following the procedure as mentioned below which

shall be kept open for the Members from 10:30 a.m.

(Indian Standard Time) i.e., 30 minutes before the

time scheduled for start of the AGM and shall be kept

open throughout the proceedings of the AGM.

4.

Members may note that the VC / OAVM Facility,

provided by KFinTech, allows participation of at least

1,000 Members on a first-come-first-served basis.

The large shareholders (i.e., shareholders holding

2% or more shareholding), promoters, institutional

investors, directors, key managerial personnel, the

Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination,

Remuneration and Compensation Committee

and Stakeholders Relationship Committee,

Auditors, etc. can attend the AGM without any

restriction on account of first-come-first-served

principle. Institutional Members are encouraged to

participate at the AGM through VC / OAVM and vote

thereat.

5.

Attendance of the Members participating in the AGM

through VC / OAVM Facility shall be counted for the

purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103

of the Act.

6.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops / Desktops with Google Chrome (preferred

browser), Safari, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox 22.

7.

Members are requested to use the Internet with good

speed to avoid any disturbance during the meeting.

Members connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets

or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may

experience Audio / Video loss due to fluctuation in

their respective network. It is therefore recommended

Notice (Contd.):

letter, duly signed, providing their email address,

mobile number, self-attested PAN copy and Client

Master copy in case of electronic folio and copy

of share certificate in case of physical folio for

sending the Annual Report, Notice of AGM and

the e-Voting instructions.

iv.

After receiving the e-Voting instructions, please

follow all the above steps to cast your vote by

electronic means.

DETAILS ON STEP 3 ARE MENTIONED BELOW:

III) Instructions for Members for attending the AGM of

the Company through VC / OAVM and e-Voting during

the AGM:

i.

Members will be able to attend the AGM through VC /

OAVM platform provided by KFinTech. Members may

access the same at https://emeetings.kfintech.com/

by using the e-Voting login credentials provided in

the email received from the Company / KFinTech.

ii.

After logging in, click on the Video Conference tab

and select the EVEN of the Company.

iii.

Click on the video symbol and accept the meeting

etiquettes to join the meeting. Please note that

Members who do not have the User id and password

for e-Voting or have forgotten the same may retrieve

them by following the remote e-Voting instructions

mentioned above.

E-VOTING DURING THE AGM:

i.

The ‘Vote Now Thumb sign’ on the left-hand corner of the

video screen shall be activated upon instructions of the

Chairperson during the AGM proceedings. Members shall

click on the same to take them to the “Insta-poll” page

and Members to click on the “Insta-poll” icon to reach the

resolution page and follow the instructions to vote on the

resolutions.

ii.

Those Members who are present in the Meeting through

VC / OAVM and have not cast their vote on resolutions

through remote e-Voting, can vote through Insta-poll at

the Meeting. Members who have already cast their votes

by remote e-Voting are eligible to attend the Meeting.

However, those Members are not entitled to cast their vote

again at the Meeting.

In case of any queries / grievances, you may refer the

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Members and

e-Voting User Manual available at the ‘download’ section

of https://evoting.kfintech.com or call KFinTech on 1800

309 4001 (toll free).

Contact details for addressing e-Voting grievances:

Mr. Rajesh Patro, Manager, M/s KFin Technologies Limited,

Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, Financial

District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad 500 032 Phone No.: +

91 40 6716 1630 Toll-free No.: 1800-309-4001 E-mail:

einward.ris@kfintech.com.

Other Instructions:

i.

Any person who acquires shares of the Company and

becomes a Member of the Company after dispatch of the

Notice of AGM and holding shares as of the cut-off date

may obtain the User ID and Password in the manner as

mentioned below:

a.

If the mobile number of the Member is registered

against Folio No. / DP ID Client ID, the Member may

send SMS: MYEPWD<space>E-Voting Event Number+

Folio No. or DP ID Client ID to +91 9212993399

Example for NSDL: MYEPWD<SPAC E>

IN12345612345678

Notice (Contd.):

letter to the Company

Secretary at the Registered Office of the Company, on or

before Tuesday, 23rd August 2022.

Notice (Contd.)

By order of the Board of Directors

For Aditya Birla Capital Limited

Amber Gupta

Date: 12th May 2022

Place: Mumbai

Company Secretary

A14091:

LETTER

TO SHAREHOLDERS: Dear Shareholders,

For many years, we have been talking about increasing

volatility and unpredictability. The events of the last 24

months have heralded a new era of uncertainty where

both the amplitude and frequency of shifts have vastly

exceeded anything we have seen in recent decades.

The unprecedented pandemic was followed by supply

chain whiplash, and further disruption was brought

on by the Russia-Ukraine war. We are now staring at

the spectre of a high- interest rate and high-inflation

regime globally.

Over the years, corporations have tried to find a

balance between efficiency and resilience, with

successive decades of growth having swung the

pendulum in the direction of efficiency. The events of

the last two years have again taught us all the virtues

of reserves and resilience.

This era of disruption also presents a unique

opportunity for renewal. The exigencies of this

disruption have pushed the boundaries of innovation.

A world where traditional rules didn’t apply, freed

thinking from its conventional shackles. And we are

clearly staring at a new age, with new paradigms and

new ideas.

GLOBAL ECONOMY: THE STORM BEFORE THE

CALM?

The global economy recovered from the pandemic

shock in 2022 on the back of supportive fiscal and

monetary policies and mass vaccination programmes.

However, at the end of FY 2021-22, the war in Ukraine

and the subsequent economic sanctions on Russia

posed a large shock. It disrupted energy markets

and supply chains and added to the already evolving

inflationary pressures and concerns over consumer

demand. Consequently, growth forecasts have been

slashed. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) now

expects the world economy to grow by 3.6% in CY22,

which is 0.8 percentage points lower than its pre-war

projections.

1

Annual Report 2021-22

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS contd.

Many economies have experienced a sharp surge

in inflation recently, particularly in food and fuel

prices, taking their inflation rates to multi-decade

highs. Central banks have been forced to respond to

surging prices with aggressive rate hikes. The pace

of monetary tightening is turning out to be quite swift

as central bankers attempt to catch up with the rising

inflation from their ultra-accommodative stance

during the pandemic.

As the stance of monetary policy shifts, there is

greater turbulence in currency markets. The dollar

has strengthened, while emerging economies have

witnessed downward pressure on their currencies. At

the same time, energy and commodity markets have

witnessed heightened volatility. Global supply chain

disruptions due to pandemic-induced lockdowns have

been replaced by new disruptions caused by the war in

Ukraine and the economic sanctions.

While the global economic backdrop remains

challenging, there are reasons to remain optimistic.

First, despite the slowdown, IMF’s projection of world

GDP growth in CY22 is still tracking the pre-pandemic

average. Second, fiscal support in developed

economies remains above the pre-pandemic trend,

even if somewhat diluted, versus past years. Third,

mega-trends around sustainability, green investments,

digitisation, and disintermediation remain well-

entrenched and will support growth and productivity

enhancement in the medium-term.

Thus, while businesses will need to remain on guard

regarding financial market volatility and cost pressures

this year, one could expect the medium-term growth

recovery to remain on track.

INDIA: AN ENGINE OF GLOBAL GROWTH

The Indian economy has not remained unscathed by

these global developments. Partly on account of the

elevated commodity prices in global markets, India’s

inflation has pushed higher than the target of the

Reserve Bank of India (RBI). To control inflationary

risks, and reduce the pressure on the rupee, RBI has

been selling reserves and unwinding the extraordinary

liquidity support provided by it during the pandemic.

On the positive side, economic activity in India has

witnessed a sharp recovery to pre-pandemic levels

on the back of a rapid and widespread rollout of the

vaccination programme. A strong digital ecosystem,

fiscal and monetary policy and various government

schemes helped small and medium enterprises

and the worst affected sections of the population

to survive while reviving demand and bringing the

economy back on track.

Even as the global headwinds are being felt, India’s

growth recovery is progressing well, and most

estimates peg economic growth during FY 2022-23

around the 7% range. India, therefore, is poised to be

the fastest-growing major economy in the world and

an engine of global growth.

India’s exports are exhibiting a strong buoyancy,

and economic sentiment has been supported by

a robust pipeline of infrastructure projects as well

as the government’s pragmatic policies, such as

the production-linked incentives schemes. Many

industries have witnessed fresh project investment

announcements. Foreign direct investment flows

have remained strong. The burden of non-performing

assets in the banking sector seems to have peaked out

and is easing. Dynamism in India’s digital ecosystem,

diversification of global supply chains away from China

and the greater emphasis of investors on sustainable

finance offer new opportunities for India.

The above trends lend confidence to a robust

economic narrative for India in the medium-term,

which augurs well for the corporate sector as well.

2

Aditya Birla Capital Limited:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS contd.

4

Aditya Birla Capital Limited:

LETTER

TO SHAREHOLDERS: Dear Shareholders,

The year 2021 was filled with ups and down,

highs and lows, and challenges and celebrations.

While it’s been over 2 years of the world

living with the virus, we are still finding ways

to eliminate it completely. Individuals and

organisations will need to continue to adapt

and prepare as best is possible for new variants,

as we go forward. As we navigate a complex

and uncertain future, we aim to bring about

transformative and exponential growth in every

business, while maximising our synergies and

strengths.

Over the last decade, ABCL has emerged as

a formidable force with a leading franchise of

over 35 Million active customers. Aditya Birla

Capital is today ranked among India’s top 100

listed companies in terms of consolidated

profitability. The integrated and diversified

business model has helped to deliver consistent

results over time and record results this fiscal.

Despite the challenging business environment,

the Company’s profits have nearly doubled

over the last two years. Over a 5-year period,

profits have actually tripled. Over the last several

years, we have created new engines of growth,

such as Health Insurance, Housing Finance

and Asset Reconstruction, as also new lines of

business under our AMC (e.g. alternate assets

and offshore) and our NBFC (e.g. SME and retail).

Given the robust platform that has been built

over the years, I believe the Company is poised

for strong growth in the years ahead.

THE YEAR THAT WAS

We have always aspired to be an organisation

that stands out, stands together and dares to

be different. This aspiration to constantly do

things better and to look at things differently

has helped our businesses grow from strength

to strength. Our passion to do things better

and become stronger with every passing year,

6

Aditya Birla Capital Limited

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS contd.

ABCL has been able to leverage its digital capabilities

to seamlessly integrate with partners, to acquire

customers at scale. The Company has been a leader

in adopting new technologies in the BFSI space and

replicating them quickly across its lines of business.

To leverage the power of One, ABCL has developed

a number of digital assets to provide seamless and

differentiated experience to its customers, including

an ABC App, ABC Chat bot, etc. Many of these assets

are unique in the Indian BFSI space.

The ABC platform is large and powerful. The

diversified nature of the platform allows us to

capitalise on multiple opportunities and deliver strong

earnings through cycles. Our pan India multi-channel

distribution network allows our customers to access

us, when and how they choose. Our talented employee

pool with a mix of experience and youth (with over

70% being millennials) powers us forward every day.

Our large customer base and analytics provide the

basis for deepening customer relationships. Our

mindset and efforts to synergise help us reduce

costs, transport best practices across businesses

and provide a world of opportunity for our people. And

finally, our focus on technology and digital assets help

us drive revenues, reduce costs, improve customer

experience and build robust processes. All of these are

strong competitive advantages that ABCL possesses.

AWARDS AND RECOGNITION

ABCL and its subsidiaries continue to win prestigious

awards, like the “Service & Solution” category at the

International Innovation (IIA) awards 2021. We won

recognition for Best Brand Awareness Experience and

Best Data Driven Display Campaign at MMA Smarties

2021. At Maddies 2021, we won recognition for

Best Use of Mobile Integration, Maximizing Mobile

Advertising, Use of Social Media and Best Multi-

mobile Channel Campaign. At ICMA e4M 2021 we won

recognition for Best use of Mobile Content. We were

recognised for one of the ‘Best Innovation’ in ‘L&D’

by Business World HR Learning and Development

Excellence Awards 2020. These awards and many

more are really a fruit of all the efforts and passion

brought to work every day by employees of ABCL and

its subsidiaries.

THANK YOU

I am grateful to you, and our shareholders, who have

shown unwavering faith in our strategy. I would like

to extend my gratitude for the generous support and

guidance received from our Chairman and the Board.

I would also like to thank our regulators, esteemed

partners, and our customers for placing their trust in

us. Finally, I would like to thank all my colleagues and

their families, who have been true warriors during

these most challenging times and have diligently

supported ABC and one another with unstinted

dedication and passion.

35 Mn

ACTIVE CUSTOMERS GREW

36% Y-O-Y

FY24

Guidance

DELIVERING COMMITTED METRICS

AHEAD OF TIME ACROSS KEY

BUSINESSES

8

Aditya Birla Capital Limited:

DIRECTOR'S MEETING

Independent Directors meet separately without

the presence of the Management team to discuss

the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of of

information between the Management and the Board

and also review the performance/ functioning of the

Company and the Board as a whole and share their

feedback with Chairman.

54

Aditya Birla Capital Limited:

Managing Director

and CEO, Aditya Birla Finance

Limited

MRS. PINKY MEHTA

Chief Financial Officer,

Aditya Birla Capital Limited

MR. A BALASUBRAMANIAN: Managing

Managing Director and CEO,

Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance

Company Limited

MR. MUKESH MALIK

Chief Operating Officer,

Aditya Birla Capital Limited

MR. TUSHAR SHAH

CEO-Infrastructure & Structured

Finance, Aditya Birla Finance

Limited

MR. AJAY KAKAR

Chief Marketing Officer, Aditya

Birla Capital Limited

MR. MAYANK BATHWAL

CEO and Whole Time Director,

Aditya Birla Health Insurance

Co. Limited

MR. PRAMO SELVARATNAM

President, Strategy and

Business Development, Aditya

Birla Capital Limited

DR. SANDEEP DADIA

CEO and Principal Officer, Aditya

Birla Insurance Brokers Limited

MR. SUBHRO BHADURI

Chief Human Resources Officer,

Aditya Birla Capital Limited

63

Annual Report 2021-22

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

STATUTORY

REPORTS:

letter from B S R & Co. LLP,

confirming that they are not disqualified from continuing to

act as Statutory Auditors of the Company and they comply

with the eligibility criteria/requirements specified under the

RBI Circular for FY 2022-23.

The observation(s) made in the Auditor’s Report are self-

explanatory and therefore, do not call for any further comments

under Section 134(3)(f) of the Act.

The Auditor’s Report does not contain any qualifications,

reservations, adverse remarks or disclaimer. The Statutory

Auditors have not reported any incident of fraud to the Audit

Committee or the Board of Directors under Section 143(12)

of the Act during the financial year under review.

Secretarial Audit and Secretarial Compliance Report

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 204(1) of the Act read

with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration

of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Company had

appointed M/s. Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Practising Company

Secretaries, to conduct the Secretarial Audit for the financial

year under review. The Secretarial Audit Report in Form MR-3 for

the financial year under review, as received from M/s. Makarand

M. Joshi & Co., Company Secretaries, is attached as Annexure

IV to the Board’s Report. The Secretarial Audit Report does

not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark.

Board’s Report (Contd.):

letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

Annexure IV (Contd.):

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the Company. Our responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based

on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records.

The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We

believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for Its opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

ANNEXURE A

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, Rules and

Regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other

applicable laws, Rules, Regulations, Standards is the

responsibility of management. examination was limited

to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

Practicing Company Secretaries

Makarand M. Joshi

Partner

FCS No. 5533

CP No. 3662

P.R. No: 640/2019

UDIN: F005533D000311355

Date: 12th May 2022

Place: Mumbai

Annexure IV (Contd.):

letter of appointment together with an induction kit is given

to the Independent Directors at the time of their appointment

setting out their roles, functions, duties and responsibilities.

As per Regulation 46(2) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the

terms and conditions of appointment of Independent Directors

are available on the Company’s website at https://www.

adityabirlacapital.com/about-us/board-of-directors.

The Directors are familiarised with your Company’s businesses

and its operations. Interactions are held between the Directors

and Senior Management of your Company from time to time.

Directors are familiarised with the organisational set-up,

functioning of various departments, internal control processes

and relevant information pertaining to your Company. The

details of the said familiarisation programmes are available

on your Company’s website at https://www.adityabirlacapital.

com/about-us/board-of Directors.

Performance Evaluation of the Board

A formal mechanism has been adopted for evaluating the

performance of the Board, the Committees thereof, individual

Directors and the Chairman of the Board. The evaluation is

based on criteria which include, amongst others, providing

strategic perspective, time devoted and preparedness for

Meetings, quality, quantity and timeliness of the flow of

information between the Board Members and the Management,

contribution at the Meetings, effective decision making ability,

role and effectiveness of the Committees, etc. The Directors

duly completed and submitted the questionnaires providing

feedback on functioning of the Board as a whole, Committees

and Chairman of the Board.

Further details are mentioned in the Board’s Report.

Performance Evaluation Criteria for Independent

Directors

The Directors other than Independent Directors of your Company

evaluate the following:

•

performance of Independent Directors

•

fulfilment of the independence criteria as specified in

SEBI Listing Regulations and their independence from

the management.

The evaluation is based on the following criteria as to how an

Independent Director:

1.

Invests time in understanding the Company and its unique

requirements;

2.

Brings in external knowledge and perspective to the table

for discussions at the Meetings;

3.

Expresses his/ her views on the issues discussed at the

Board; and

4.

Keeps himself/ herself current on areas and issues that

are likely to be discussed at the Board level.

Separate Meeting of Independent Directors

In accordance with the provisions of Schedule IV of the Act and

Regulation 25(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations a Meeting of

the Independent Directors of your Company was held on 14th

March 2022 without the presence of the Non-Independent

Directors and the Members of the Management. The Meeting

was attended by all 4 (Four) Independent Directors. They

discussed matters including the performance/ functioning of

the Company, reviewed the performance of the Chairman and

other Non-Executive Directors, assessed the quality, quantity

and timeliness of flow of information between the Management

and the Board that is necessary for the Board to effectively and

reasonably perform their duties, etc.

Prohibition of Insider Trading

In terms of the provisions of the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider

Trading) Regulations, 2015 ("PIT Regulations") and SEBI

(Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating

to Securities Market) Regulations, 2003 ("PFUTP Regulations")

your Company adopted a Code of Conduct to Regulate, Monitor

and Report trading by Designated Persons in listed or proposed

to be listed securities of the Company ("Insider Code"). The

Insider Code aims at preserving and preventing misuse of

unpublished price sensitive information. All Designated Persons

of your Company (as defined under the Insider Code) are covered

under the Insider Code, which provides inter alia for obtaining

pre-clearances for trading in the securities of your Company.

The Company has in place, a tracking mechanism for monitoring

trade in the equity shares of the Company by Designated

Persons identified under the Insider Code. The Board has also

adopted a Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure

Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.):

Managing Director/Chief

Executive Officer, Executive Directors and Senior

Managers

8.

Devising a policy on Board diversity;

9.

Formulating the criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes and independence of Directors;

10. Establishing evaluation criteria and conducting the

process of performance evaluation of each Director

in a structured manner;

11. Establishing evaluation criteria of Board and Board

Committees;

12. Reviewing and making recommendations to

the Board with respect to any incentive-based

compensation and equity-based plans that are

subject to Board or shareholder approval (including

broad-based plans);

13. Deciding whether to extend or continue the term

of appointment of the Independent Director, on

the basis of the report on performance evaluation

of Independent Directors;

14. Formulating, supervising and monitoring the process

of issuance/ grant/ vesting/ cancellation of Employee

Stock Options and such other instruments as may be

decided to be granted to the eligible grantees under

the respective Employee Stock Options Scheme(s),

from time to time, as per the provisions of the

applicable laws;

15. Evaluating the balance of skills, knowledge and

experience on the Board and on the basis of such

evaluation, prepare a description of the role and

capabilities required of an Independent Director

and basis the same, recommending to the Board

the appointment of an Independent Director;

16. Scrutinizing the declarations received under ‘Fit and

Proper’ Criteria for proposed/ existing Directors based

on the information provided in the signed declaration

and to deciding on the acceptance or otherwise of

the Directors, where considered necessary;

17. Carrying out/ performing such other responsibilities,

acts, deeds, and things as may be delegated to the

Committee and as maybe entrusted by the Board of

Directors/ arising out of statutory provisions from

time to time.

Meetings, Composition and Attendance during the

financial year under review

During the financial year under review, the Committee

met 6 (Six) times on 14th May 2021, 5th August 2021,

30th September 2021, 1st November 2021, 8th December

2021 and 3rd February 2022.

During the financial year under review the Nomination,

Remuneration and Compensation Committee was

reconstituted. Mrs. Vijayalakshmi Iyer, Independent

Director was appointed as a Member of the Committee

and Mr. Sushil Agarwal ceased to be a Member of the

Committee. The Chairman of the Nomination, Remuneration

and Compensation Committee, Mr. Arun Adhikari, attended

the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 20th

August 2021.

The composition and attendance at the Meetings

were as under:

Name and position held

in the Committee

Category/

Designation

No. of Meetings

Held

during

tenure

Attended

Mr. Arun Adhikari

(Chairman)

Independent

6

6

Mr. S. C. Bhargava

(Member)

Independent

6

6

Dr. Santrupt Misra

(Member)

Non-Executive

Non-Independent

6

6

Mr. Sushil Agarwal

(ceased to be a

Member w.e.f. 4th

August 2021)

Non-Executive

Non-Independent

1

1

Mrs. Vijayalakshmi Iyer

(Appointed as a

Member w.e.f. 5th

August 2021)

Independent

4

4

The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the

Committee.

Employee Stock Options Schemes adopted by the

Company

a.

Aditya Birla Capital Limited Employee Stock

Option Scheme 2017 ("Scheme 2017")

The Scheme 2017 was formulated by the

Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation

Committee with an aim to provide competitive

remuneration opportunities to employees of your

Company and its Subsidiaries, which was approved

by the Board at its Meeting held on 26th June

Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.):

Letter of

Confirmation (LOC) carrying all details of shares will be

issued by the KFin as per SEBI Circular while processing

any of the aforesaid investor service request which shall

be valid for a period of 120 days from the date of its

issuance. Reminder shall be sent after the end of 45

days and 90 days from the date of issuance of LOC,

informing the securities holder/claimant to submit

the demat request.

In case the securities holder/claimant fails to submit the

demat request within the aforesaid period of 120 days,

the securities shall be credited into the Suspense Escrow

Demat Account of the Company.

Shareholders are requested to make service requests by

submitting a duly filled and signed Form ISR – 4 (Form for

various service requests), the format of which is available on

the Company’s website at https://www.adityabirlacapital.

com/investor-relations and also on website of the KFin

at https://www.kfintech.com/.

Further SEBI vide its amendment to SEBI Listing

Regulations, dated 25th April 2022, had revised the

existing threshold limit for simplified documentation in

case of transmission request for securities held in physical

mode from the present level of ₹ 2 lakh per listed issuer

to ₹ 5 lakh and upto to ₹ 15 lakh from the present level

of ₹ 5 lakh per beneficial owner for securities held in the

dematerialised mode.

Members can write a: letter addressed to KFin at e-mail

id: einward.ris@kfintech.com for more details.

Common and simplified norms for investor service

request

SEBI has made furnishing of PAN, KYC and Nomination

details mandatory by the investors holding shares in

physical forms vide its Circular dated 3rd November 2021

read with circular dated 14th December 2021 (“Circulars”).

The Company had sent letters explaining the requirement of

above SEBI Circular along with copies of the relevant forms

and prepaid envelopes to all physical shareholders at their

registered postal address to furnish the details. The said

requirement was also communicated by sending emails

to the Shareholders who have registered their email id.

Members are advised to ensure that KYC details i.e. PAN,

Address, Mobile Number, Bank Account details, E-mail id

and Nomination details are duly updated.

Shareholders are requested to update/ intimate changes,

if any, pertaining to their PAN, postal address, e-mail

address, telephone/ mobile numbers, with necessary

documentary evidence to KFin at e-mail id: einward.

ris@kfintech.com in Form ISR-1 if shares are held in

physical mode or to their Depository Participant (“DP”),

if the holding is in electronic mode. The said Form ISR-1

for change / update of details, Form ISR-2 for bankers

attestation of signature in case of major mismatch and

Form ISR-3 for declaration for opting out of nomination

are available for download from the weblink https://www.

adityabirlacapital.com/investor-relations/shareholder-

centre or https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/

default.aspx#isc_download_hrd.

Nomination

Section 72 of the Act, extends nomination facility to

individual holding shares in physical form. Members,

in particular, those holding shares in single name, may

avail the above facility by furnishing the particulars of

their nomination in the nomination form (Form SH-13),

which can be downloaded from the Company’s website

through the weblink at https://www.adityabirlacapital.

com/investor-relations/shareholder-centre. Shareholders

holding shares in demat mode should file their nomination

with their DPs for availing this facility.

Permanent Account Number and Aadhaar

Shareholders who hold shares in physical form are

advised that SEBI has made it mandatory for all holders

and claimants of physical securities to furnish PAN

vide SEBI Circular dated 3rd November 2021. Further,

SEBI has also made compulsory linking of PAN and

Aadhaar by all shareholders in physical mode. The folios

in which PAN is not linked to the Aadhaar number of

the shareholder as on the notified cut-off date of 31st

March 2022 or any other date as may be specified by

the CBDT, will be frozen.

Shareholder’s Information (Contd.)

letter addressed to KFin at e-mail id einward.ris@kfintech.

com along with the proof of holding.

For more details in this regards, Members can write a: letter

addressed to KFin at e-mail id: einward.ris@kfintech.com.

Non-Resident Shareholders

Non-resident Members are requested to immediately

notify the following to the KFin in respect of shares

held in physical form by sending duly filled and signed

ISR forms and to their DPs in respect of shares held in

dematerialized form:

•

Indian address for sending all communications, if

not provided earlier;

•

E-mail id and Phone No. (s), if any.

•

Change in their residential status on return to India

for permanent settlement;

•

Particulars of the Bank Account maintained with a

bank in India, if not furnished earlier; (Please send

a photocopy of cancelled cheque leaf)

•

RBI permission with date to facilitate prompt credit of

dividend, if issued by Company in their Bank Accounts.

Unclaimed Shares in Physical Form

Regulation 39 (4) of SEBI Listing Regulations provides the

manner of dealing with the shares issued in physical form

pursuant to a public issue or any other issue and which remains

unclaimed with the Company. In case your shares are lying

unclaimed with the Company, you are requested to claim the

same by writing a letter to the Company/ KFin.

A report in respect of the Equity Shares lying in the Unclaimed Suspense Account as on 31st March 2022 is as under

Sr. No

Description

Number of

Shareholders

(face value of

` 10 each)

1

Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares lying in the Unclaimed

Suspense Account as of 1st April, 2021

8,243

8,55,639

2

Number of shareholders and the shares which were transferred to the Unclaimed Suspense

Account during the year.

18,279

28,10,899

3

Number of shareholders who have approached the issuer for transfer of shares from the

Unclaimed Suspense Account during the year

33

5,248

4

Number of shareholders to whom shares were transferred from the Unclaimed Suspense

Account during the year

33

5,248

5

Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares lying in the Unclaimed

Suspense Account as at 31st March 2022

26,489

36,61,290

The voting rights on the shares in the suspense account as on 31st March 2022, shall remain frozen till the rightful owners of

such shares claim the same.

In view of the above, the Company had sent several reminders dated 15th March 2018, 1st February 2019, 16th September 2019

and 8th February 2021 to shareholders informing them the status of their shares and asking them to provide documents to claim

the undelivered share certificates. Further, vide letter dated 16th January 2020 the Company has tried to reach out to members

holding shares in physical form (including the members whose share certificates are lying undelivered with the Company) to

dematerialize their holdings.

Shareholder’s Information (Contd.)

letter.

Ajay Srinivasan

Pinky Mehta

Chief Executive Officer

Chief Financial Officer

Date: 12th May 2022:

Letter of Comfort and awareness issued for availing credit facilities by subsidiaries of ` 310 Crore and

` 200 Crore, respectively, with an explicit clause that it is not in the nature of financial guarantee.

NOTE: 59

Amount required to be spent by the Company on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) related activities

during the year is ` Nil (Previous Year ` Nil) in accordance with Companies Act, 2013.

NOTE: 60

No funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any

other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entities

(“Intermediaries”) with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary

shall lend or invest in parties identified by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries). The Company

has not received any fund from any parties (Funding Party) with the understanding that the Company shall

whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified by or on behalf of the

Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate

Beneficiaries.

NOTE: 61

SEGMENT REPORTING

The main business of the Company is Investment activity, hence, there are no separate reportable segments as

per Ind AS 108 on ‘Operating Segment’.

In terms of our report attached

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

For B S R & Co. LLP

Aditya Birla Capital Limited

Chartered Accountants

Registration No.: 101248W/W-100022

Ashwin Suvarna

Ajay Srinivasan

P. H. Ravikumar

S. C. Bhargava

Partner

Chief Executive Officer

Director

Director

Membership No.: 109503

(DIN: 00280010)

(DIN: 00020021)

Pinky Mehta

Amber Gupta

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 12th May 2022

Mumbai, 12th May 2022:

Letter of Comfort issued to any Subsidiary

310.00

310.00

6: Letter of Awareness issued to any Subsidiary

200.00

200.00

Annexure: 6

Investments

(₹ crore)

Sr.

No.

Particulars

As at

31 Mar 22

As at

31 Mar 21

1

Value of Investments

i)

Gross Value of Investments

9,906.25

9,599.19

a)

In India

9,906.25

9,599.19

b)

Outside India

-

-

ii)

Provisions for Depreciation*

60.53

44.65

a)

In India

60.53

44.65

b)

Outside India

-

-

iii)

Net Value of Investments

9,845.72

9,554.54

a)

In India

9,845.72

9,554.54

b)

Outside India

-

-

2

Movement of Provisions Held towards Depreciation on Investments

i)

Opening Balance

44.65

44.83

ii)

Add: Provisions made during the Year

15.88

-

iii)

Less: Write-off/Write-back of excess provisions during the Year

-

0.18

iv)

Closing Balance

60.53

44.65

* Diminution in investment

Annexure: 7

Business Ratios

(₹ crore)

Sr.

No.

Particulars

As at/For the

Year Ended

31 Mar 2022

As at/For the

Year Ended

31 Mar 2021

1

Return on Equity (RoE)

3.54%

0.77%

2

Return on Assets (RoA)

3.48%

0.75%

3

Net Profit per Employee

12.77

2.52

letter and other loan securing documents agrees with its customers on collateral

security to be provided by the customers in secured loan exposures that are subject to credit risk. Collateral security enables

us to recover all or part of the outstanding exposure by liquidating the collateral asset provided, in cases where the borrower is

unable or unwilling to fulfil its primary obligations.

Collateral security accepted could be in the form of:

a)

Financial collateral in the form of pledge of equity shares, units of mutual funds, assignment of life insurance policies

b)

Current Assets in the form of inventories meant for sale or receivables arising out of the sale of finished goods

c)

Fixed Assets (in the form of immovable properties – Real Estate, Plant and Machinery, Equipment)

d)

Third-party obligation (in the form of Irrevocable Unconditional Guarantee issued by the bank, Third party)

e)

Risk participation from Credit Guarantee Fund Trust for Micro and Small Enterprises (CGTMSE)

f)

Assignment of borrower’s rights and interests under agreements with third parties.

In addition, we also stipulate escrow of cash flows and a Debt Service Reserve Account (DSRA) for project loans. Collateral

serves to mitigate the inherent risk of credit loss in an exposure, by either improving recoveries in the event of a default or

substituting the borrower.

As part of the assessment of a credit transaction the availability, adequacy and suitability of collateral for the transaction is

evaluated and decided upon. The processes include verification of the title to the collateral offered and valuation by technical

experts where warranted. We accept as collateral only securities of good quality and have in place legally effective and enforceable

documentation.

For guarantees taken, the guarantor creditworthiness is assessed during the credit assessment process of the transaction. We

have collateral type specific haircuts in place, which are reviewed at intervals as appropriate to the type of collateral.

The NBFC & HFC recognises that collateral can be a credit mitigant (alternative source of repayment), but does not replace or

dilute the underwriting standards the Company adopts to underwrite credit exposures.

The Company is required to provide for impairment allowance basis expected credit loss (ECL), which is calculated using empirical

portfolio performance and adjusted for forward looking macro-economic factors, as prescribed by Ind AS. The overall provisioning

made through this approach, continues to be in excess of the floor provisions as prescribed by RBI for NBFCs.

The assessment of credit risk and estimation of ECL is statistically validated. It considers all relevant information about past

events, current conditions and some elements of predicted performance of the portfolio.

In the process of determining the PD, the macro-economic impact is intrinsically built in our current approach. The overall

performance through the life cycle of the loan, considers the impact of macro-economic parameters like GDP, Unemployment

factor or once in events like de-monetisation, etc. Most of the portfolios have seen one to two complete economic cycles and,

hence, the default probabilities experienced by the Company takes into account the upturn, downturn and central (balanced)

economic scenario.

In the internally rated portfolio, the Industry Rating Module (sourced from CRISIL under agreement) recognises factors like

demand prediction, supply side glut/constraints, impact of imports and exports and the government policies, which are more

forward looking and making the through-the-cycle default probabilities to point-in-time default probability.:

letter of even date annexed to this report as Annexure-A.

1. Compliance with Specific Statutory Provisions

We further report that:

1.1. We have examined the books, papers, minutes books,

forms and returns filed and other records maintained by

the Company during the year according to the applicable

provisions/clauses of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules

made thereunder;

(ii)

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and

Bye-laws framed thereunder;

(iii) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and

the Rules and Regulations made thereunder to the

extent of External Commercial Borrowing made by

the Company;

(iv) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and

the rules made thereunder to the extent of transfer

of securities;

(v)

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed

under the Securities and Exchange Board of India

Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’): -

(a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (LODR);

(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities)

Regulations, 2021;

(c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015.

(vi) Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India (Secretarial Standards)

as applicable mandatorily to the Company.

1.2 During the period under review, and also considering the

compliance related to action taken by the Company after

31st March 2022, but before the date of issue of this report,

the Company has, to the best of our knowledge and belief:

Managing Director

(ii)

Two Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors;

and

(iii) Five Non-Executive Independent Directors, including

a Woman Independent Director

2.2 (A) The processes relating to the following changes

in the composition of the Board of Directors and

Key Managerial Personnel during the year were

carried out in compliance with the provisions of the

Act and LODR:

(i)

Cessation of Mr. Sanjay Miranka, as Chief

Financial Officer and Key Managerial Personnel

of the Company w.e.f 23.06.2021 on account

of his resignation.

(ii)

The Board of Directors at their meeting held on

October 8, 2021, has appointed Mr. Pradeep

Agrawal as the Chief Financial Officer and Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company with

effect from the said date.:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect

from 1st July 2021.

d)

In compliance with the RBI circular dated 27th April 2021, at the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on 16th December

2021, the shareholders have appointed M/s Singhi & Co. Chartered Accountants as Joint Statutory Auditors of the

Company, to hold office till the conclusion of the 33rd Annual General Meeting of the Company, at a remuneration to

be fixed by the Board of Directors.

e)

During the year under review, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had conducted an inspection of the Company under

RBI Act, 1934, for the FY 2020-21. In response to the Supervisory Concerns: Letter dated 28th January 2022 from

the RBI via Email on 2nd February 2022, the Company has submitted its reply and further communication from RBI,

in this regard, is awaited.

f)

The Company has issued, allotted and redeemed Debentures, during the year, in various tranches, as per details

given below:

Type of Debentures

Secured Non-

Convertible Debentures

(` in Crores)

Listed in BSE and NSE

Unsecured

Sub-debt

(` in Crores)

Perpetual

Non-Convertible

Debentures

(` in Crores)

Unsecured

Non-Convertible

Debentures

(` in Crores)

Opening Balance as on 01st April 2021

12,460.80

1,879.00

200.00

56.00

Issued during the year

2,890.00

320.00

-

49.00

Sub. Total

15,350.80

2,199.00

200.00

105.00

Redeemed during the year

3,427.50

20.00

-

-

Outstanding balance as on 31st March, 2022

11,923.30

2,179.00

200.00

105.00

g)

The Company has issued and listed at the

Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock

Exchange of India Limited, Commercial Papers

(CP) of ` 73,990 Crore during the year in various

tranches and redeemed CP worth ` 73,940 Crore

in various tranches. As on 31st March, 2022, listed

Commercial Papers outstanding were amounting

to ` 3,180 Crores.

h)

We observe that the Company has received a Show

Cause Notice from the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (SEBI), dated May 25, 2021 (“SCN”)

under Section 11(1), 11(4), 11B (1), 11B (2) and

11(4A) of the SEBI Act, 1992 in the matter of

CG Power and Industrial Solutions Limited (“CG

Power”). Pursuant to the said notice, SEBI has

alleged inter alia, that in order to benefit its loans

getting repaid, the commission and omission on

the part of the Company, amounted to participation

in the fraudulent scheme for diversion of assets

from CG Power for the benefit of BILT Graphic Paper

Products Limited to the detriment of CG Power’s

minority shareholders, violating Regulation 3 (b),

(c) (d) and Regulation 4 (1) of the SEBI (Prohibition

of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating

to Securities Market) Regulations, 2003 read with

Sections 12A (a), (b) and (c) of the SEBI Act. We

are informed that the Company has submitted an

interim reply dated 15th July 2021 and a final reply

dated 29th July 2021 to SEBI denying the allegations

levelled against it in the SCN and prayed for the

withdrawal of the SCN, insofar as it relates to the

Company. We are also informed that, pursuant

to a personal hearing granted by the Whole Time

Member of SEBI on 30th August 2021 and 31st

August 2021, the Company has presented its case

and responded to the allegations set out against

ABFL in the SCN and that the Company has also filed

its written submissions in the matter, pursuant to

hearing before the learned Whole Time Member, on

4th October 2021. The matter is currently pending.

Venkataraman K.

Associate Partner

ACS No.: -8897/COP No.: -12459

For BNP & Associates

Company Secretaries

[Firm Regn. No. P2014MH037400]

[PR No.: -637/2019]

UDIN: - A008897D000300331

Place: Mumbai

Date: 11th May 2022

letter.

1.

The Company’s management is responsible for maintenance

of secretarial records and compliance with the provisions

of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations

and standards. Our responsibility is to express an opinion

on the secretarial records produced for our audit.

2.

We have followed such audit practices and processes

as we considered appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents of the

secretarial records.

3.

We have considered compliance related actions taken by

the Company based on independent legal/professional

opinion obtained as being in compliance with law.

4.

We have verified the secretarial records furnished to us on

a test basis to see whether the correct facts are reflected

therein. We also examined the compliance procedures

followed by the Company on a test basis. We believe

that the processes and practices we followed, provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

5.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

6.

We have obtained the management’s representation

about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events, wherever required.

7.

Our Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

Venkataraman K.

Associate Partner

ACS No.: -8897/COP No.: -12459

For BNP & Associates

Company Secretaries

[Firm Regn. No. P2014MH037400]

[PR No.: -637/2019]

UDIN: - A008897D000300331

Place: Mumbai

Date: 11th May 2022

ANNEXURE A TO THE SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2022:

letter dated 9th December 2021

has made observations, and pin pointed shortcomings

pursuant to inspection carried out by NHB for the

FY 2019-20 and 2020-21.

d.

Guidelines on Know your Customer and Anti-Money

Laundering Measures;

e.

Guidelines for Asset Liability Management System

in Housing Finance Companies;

f.

RBI Commercial Paper Directions, 2017 w.r.t. issuance

of commercial papers and applicable Operating

guidelines issued by FIMMDA (Fixed Income Money

Market and Derivatives Association of India);

2. Board Processes

We further report that:

2.1 The Board of Directors of Company as on 31st March 2022

comprised of:

(i)

Two Non- Executive Non Independent Director, and

(ii)

Two Non- Executive Independent Directors, including

a woman Independent Director

2.2 The processes relating to the following changes in the

composition of the board of Directors and Key Managerial

Personnel during the year were carried out in compliance

with the provisions of the Act :

i.

Reappointment of Mr. Rakesh Singh (DIN: 07006067),

director retiring by rotation at the AGM held on 2nd

August 2021

ii.

Resignation of Mr. Muthiah Ganapathy as Company

Secretary with effect from 6th September 2021.

iii.

Appointment of Ms. Swati Singh as a Company

Secretary of the Company with effect from 5th

October 2021.

iv.

Resignation of Mr. Tushar Kotecha as Chief

Financial Officer (CFO) with effect from 27th

December 2021.

v.

Appointment of Mr. Ashish Damani, as the

Chief Financial Officer of the Company with

effect from 28th December 2021.

2.3 Adequate notice was given to all the directors to enable

them to plan their schedule for the Board meetings.:

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report

To,

The Members,

Aditya Birla Housing Finance Limited

Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along with

this: letter.

1.

The Company’s management is responsible for maintenance

of secretarial records and compliance with the provisions

of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations

and standards. Our responsibility is to express an opinion

on the secretarial records produced for our audit.

2.

We have followed such audit practices and processes

as we considered appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents of the

secretarial records.

3.

While forming an opinion on compliance and issuing this

report, we have also considered compliance related action

taken by the Company after 31st March 2022 but before

the issue of this report.

4.

We have considered compliance related actions taken by

the Company based on independent legal/professional

opinion obtained as being in compliance with law.

5.

We have verified the secretarial records furnished to us on

a test basis to see whether the correct facts are reflected

therein. We also examined the compliance procedures

followed by the Company on a test basis. We believe

that the processes and practices we followed, provides

a reasonable basis for our opinion.

6.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

7.

We have obtained the management’s representation

about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events, wherever required.

8.

Our Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For BNP & Associates

Company Secretaries

Avinash Bagul

Partner

FCS No. 5578

CP No. 19862

P.R. No: 637/2019

Firm Reg No-P2014MH037400

UDIN- F005578D000205448

Date: 25th April 2022

Place: Mumbai

ANNEXURE A

letter of event date which is an-

nexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the company. Our responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based

on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records.

The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We

believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of

the company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

MMJB & Associates LLP

Company Secretaries

Bhavisha Jewani

FCS No. 8503

CP No. 9346

P.R. No: 904/2020

UDIN: F008503D000220110

Date: 27th April 2022

Place: Mumbai

ANNEXURE A:

