letter from ALPS & Co.,

Chartered Accountants (FRN: 313132E) of the Company,

along with a conirmation that, their appointment, if made,

would be within the limits prescribed under the Companies

Act, 2013. They have further conirmed that they are not

disqualiied to be appointed as the Statutory Auditors

in terms of the Companies Act 2013 and the rules made

thereunder.

The Board recommends the Resolutions set out at Item No. 4

for approval by the Members.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and/or their

relatives are in any way concerned or interested, inancially

or otherwise in the said resolutions.

ITEM NO. 5:

The members of the Company at the Annual General Meeting

held on 28th July, 2017 ratiied the appointment of Mrs. Alka

Bhandari as an Independent Director for a term of ive years

effective from 27th February, 2017. In terms of the provisions

of Section 149 of the Act, Mrs. Alka Bhandari is eligible for

re-appointment for her second term.

Pursuant to Sections 149, 152, 160 and all other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Act, the Companies (Appointment

and Qualiication of Directors) Rules, 2014 read with Schedule

IV to the Act and Regulations, approval of the members by

way of Special Resolution is required for the reappointment

of Mrs. Alka Bhandari for a second term of ive consecutive

years from 27th February, 2022 to 26th February, 2027.

The Company has received a declaration from Mrs. Bhandari

conirming that she meets the criteria of Independence as

prescribed under the Act and Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”). Mrs Bhandari is

also not disqualiied from being appointed as a Director in

terms of Section 164 of the Act and has given her consent to

act as a Director of the Company.

Mrs. Alka Bhandari is a B.A. and LL.B., her continued

association with the Company would be a great advantage.

Mrs. Bhandari is not related to any other director and Key

managerial personnel of the Company.

None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company and their relatives except Mrs. Bhandari and her

relatives are in any way, are concerned or interested in the

resolution

The Board recommends the resolution set forth in Item No. 5

for the approval of the Members.

By Order of the Board of Directors

for Alfred Herbert (India) Limited

Shobhana Sethi

Date : 30th May, 2022

Chief Financial Oficer

Place: Kolkata

& Company Secretary:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. My responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The veriication was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are relected

in secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices I followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not veriied the correctness and appropriateness of inancial records and books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standard is the responsibility

of management; my examination was limited to the veriication of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the eficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

CS PRIYANKA TIBREWAL

FCS: 7893

Place: Kolkata

C. P. No.: 8843

Date: 30.05.2022

UDIN No. F007893D000427444:

letter dated 30th June, 2021.

2. This report contains details of compliance of conditions

of corporate governance by Alfred Herbert India Limited

(‘the Company’) for the year ended 31st March, 2022

as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clause (b) to (i) of

regulation 46 (2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule

V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 as amended from time to time (‘Listing Regulations’)

pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the Company with

the National Stock Exchange Limited and the Bombay

Stock Exchange Limited (collectively referred to as the

‘Stock exchanges’).

Management’s Responsibility for compliance with the

conditions of Listing Regulations

3. The compliance with the terms and conditions contained

in the corporate governance as stipulated under the listing

regulationsis the responsibility of the Management of the

Company including the preparation and maintenance

of all relevant supporting records and documents.This

responsibility includes the design, implementation and

maintenance of internal control and procedures to

ensure the compliance with the conditions of Corporate

Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4. Our examination was limited to procedures and

implementation thereof adopted by the Company for

ensuring the compliance of the conditions of Corporate

Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of

opinion on the inancial statements of the Company.

5. Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations,

it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance

whether the Company has complied with the conditions

of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the Listing

Regulations for the year ended 31st March, 2022.

6. We conducted our examination in accordance with the

Guidance Note on Reports or Certiicates for Special

Purposes (Revised 2016) (the ‘Guidance Note’) issued by

the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (‘ICAI’).

The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the

ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by ICAI.

7. We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1,

Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews

of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance

and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8. In our opinion, and to the best of our information and

according to explanations given to us, we certify that the

Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing

Regulations.

9. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor the eficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

A Restriction on use

10. The certiicate is addressed and provided to the members

of the Company solely for the purpose to enable the

Company to comply with the requirement of the Listing

Regulations, and it should not be used by any other

person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do

not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for

any other purpose or to any other person to whom this

certiicate is shown or into whose hands it may come

without our prior consent in writing.

For A L P S & CO.

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s ICAI Regn. No. 313132E

(R.S.TULSYAN)

Kolkata

Partner

Dated: 30th May, 2022

M. No. 051793

UDIN: 22051793AMSTYP4096

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT ON COMPLIANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AS PER PROVISIONS OF CHAPTER IV OFSECURITIES AND

EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE

REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015, AS AMENDED:

