Message from MD & CEO

10

Leadership with

Good Governance

16

Steering our GPS journey

18

We are the third largest

private sector bank in India.

We offer the entire spectrum

of financial services to

consumer segments covering

Large and Mid-Corporates,

MSME, Agriculture and Retail.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director’s Statement

Annual Report 2021-22

10

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

The fiscal 2022 was a significant

milestone in the journey of Axis Bank.

While delivering on our ‘Dil Se Open’

promise to our stakeholders, our

85,500+ team members displayed

exemplary commitment through yet

another challenging year to deliver

essential services as Bankers to the

economy at large. I take pride in the

way the Axis family adapted to the new

normal, raised the bar on innovation

and remained steadfast towards

our goals.

We delivered on our key strategic

goals through our relentless

execution, backed by a positive

culture change and delivery on our

ambitious transformation projects,

across businesses and functions. The

collective efforts of our employees

and partners have set Axis Bank on a

journey of distinctiveness to become

an open, customer centric and future

ready Bank that will offer its customers

‘a world of new possibilities’.

The strong progress we have made

in execution of our GPS strategy is

highlighted through three discernible

outcomes we have achieved during

the year:

− Lifted the growth trajectory and

improved operating metrics

− Strengthened the balance sheet and

organisational core significantly

− Building for the future with

relentless focus on driving

distinctiveness

Lifted the growth trajectory and

improved operating metrics led by

a performance driven culture

Since we started on our GPS journey

in March 2019, we have looked at

the disruption brought about by the

pandemic, or adverse macro-economic

variables in the last two financial

years, as an opportunity to redraw the

baseline in multiple segments. We

accelerated the growth momentum

across various businesses of the

Bank, accomplished several all-time

highs, gained market share in our

focus segments and improved the key

operating metrics.

Our operating performance was

robust with 98% y-o-y growth in net

profit on back of 13% growth in net

interest income and 22% growth

in fee income despite our prudent

accounting policies.

We have improved the trajectory of our

return ratios, delivering consolidated

annualised ROE of 13.74% in fiscal

2022 as against 8.28% in fiscal 2021.

Our strong progress towards our GPS

aspiration is reflected in our fourth

quarter performance where we

delivered consolidated annualised ROE

of 16.67%. As part of our ‘One Axis’

strategy, our subsidiaries continued to

deliver industry leading performance,

delivering net profit growth of 44%

y-o-y, and contributing 80 bps to Bank’s

consolidated annualised ROE for the

fourth quarter.

During the fiscal, we witnessed strong

growth in deposits and advances led

by our focus on building granularity

across businesses. Our granular CASA

deposits grew 21% y-o-y on cumulative

daily average balance (CDAB) basis. On

advances, we continued to grow faster

than the industry with overall advances

growing at 15% y-o-y while our focus

segments comprising Mid-Corporate,

SME, Small Business Banking and Rural,

grew at a higher rate of 34% y-o-y.

We delivered several all-time yearly

highs as we added 8.6 million new

liability relationships, achieved

record retail loan disbursements and

issued 2.67 million credit cards. In

our merchant acquiring business we

improved our market positioning to

2nd in terms of terminal installations

and also improved our throughput

market share by over 670 bps to 20.3%.

Our wealth management business

‘Burgundy’ continues to be among the

largest in India with combined assets

under management of `2.6 trillion and

over 1.9 lakh affluent and ultra HNI

clients. On the wholesale banking

side, we saw highest ever contribution

from new business underwritten in the

Commercial Banking segment with 53%

y-o-y growth. In the Wholesale Banking

products segment, we delivered

several industry firsts led by our focus

on innovation.

Our winning mindset and ability to

stand out in the market led by positive

culture is also reflected in multiple

external recognitions that the Bank

received for its performance. At

the start of the year, the Bank was

recognised as # 1 on the Greenwich

Quality Index as well as on Service

Excellence for both Large Corporate

banking and Middle Market banking.

We were also awarded IFR Asia’s Asian

Bank of The Year and India Bond House

Award, for our breadth of coverage

and depth of expertise in the Asian

investment banking space. On the

technology front, we were recognised

by International Data Corporation

(IDC) as “Asia’s Best in Infrastructure

Modernisation Program” at the

2022 Financial Insights Innovation

Awards. I am pleased to share that on

the sustainability front, we won the

‘Leadership in Social Impact’ and the

‘Leadership in Transparency’ awards at

the ESG India Leadership Award 2021.

In fiscal 2022, we were also certified

& recognised as one of the Top 5 BFSI

employers in India by ‘Great Place to

Work’ and received KPMG’s Best Bank-

Talent and Workforce award.

We accelerated the

growth momentum

across various

businesses of the

Bank, accomplished

several all-time highs,

gained market share

in our focus segments

and improved the key

operating metrics.

11

About Axis Bank

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of Credit

issuances increased by 140 bps y-o-y

to 10.6%, and we continued to have

strong positioning in GST and RTGS

payments with market share of over

8% each.

iii. Significant value creation

happening in our key group entities

We have over the last few years

strengthened our capabilities across

our subsidiaries by strengthening the

senior management teams, developing

innovative product offerings backed

by improvement in processes and

widening our distribution reach. The

success of our ‘One Axis’ strategy is

reflected in the superlative financial

performance of our domestic

subsidiaries that together delivered

total profits of `1,195 crores, up 44%

y-o-y.

Axis AMC continued to gain

incremental market share with 45%

y-o-y growth in equity average AUM

and 47% y-o-y growth in net profit,

while our Axis Securities delivered

strong performance with 56% y-o-y

growth in revenues and 40% y-o-y

growth in net profit. Axis Capital

continued to maintain its dominance

in equity capital markets. Axis Finance

too delivered 72% y-o-y growth in

net profit with ROE of 20.3%, healthy

capital adequacy ratio of over 20%

and superior asset quality. Freecharge

remains among the major fintechs in

India with its products Buy Now Pay

Later and Merchant Cash Advance

gaining strong traction through the

year. Max Life Insurance, India’s fourth

largest insurance company where we

are a co-promoter too delivered strong

performance with expansion in margins

and 40% y-o-y growth in net profit.

Our focus continues to be on further

scaling up the subsidiaries so that

they gain higher market share in their

respective businesses.

We continued to

strengthen our market

share in cards and

payments businesses

as we focused on

scaling up the segment

aggressively with

substantially lower risks

through our innovative

product propositions

and partnerships led

Known-to-Bank (KTB)

strategy.: Managing

Managing Director’s Statement

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Rajiv Anand

Deputy: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

The fiscal year 2022 was yet another

mixed year for the Retail banking sector

with two contrasting halves. The retail

sector credit growth recovered strongly

in the second half of the year led by

improvement in consumer sentiments

towards discretionary spending. While

the mortgage loan growth for the

sector witnessed slight moderation,

the non-mortgage sector loan growth

improved considerably led by credit

cards, consumer durables and other

personal loans.

With customer centricity and distinctive

customer experience at the core of

our Dil Se Open philosophy, our Retail

franchise offered a world of possibilities

to our consumers while growing

faster than the industry, despite the

challenging macro environment. We

delivered several all-time yearly highs

as we added 8.6 million new liability

relationships, achieved record retail loan

disbursements, issued 2.67 million credit

cards and gained incremental market

share of 30% in merchant acquiring

business. This was led by focused

execution of our GPS strategy and

several transformation projects that are

currently underway.

Our core strategy in Retail has been to

drive sustainable RAROC growth led

by our diversified business segments,

strong customer relationships and

wide distribution network. Driven by

our relentless focus on strengthening

and building granularity across the

businesses, we witnessed strong

momentum across all our key businesses

during the year. Our CASA deposits grew

16% y-o-y, Retail loan book (constituting

57% of overall Bank advances) grew

21% y-o-y and Retail fees grew 25%,

contributing 64% to the overall Bank

fee income.

Building a quality and granular retail

liabilities franchise

On the retail liabilities front, our

strategy centred around granularisation,

premiumisation and deepening of the

deposit base, has made good progress.

We have, over the last three years,

focused on district level product

segment strategy, backed by customer

insights driven analytical models to

improve customer acquisitions. During

the year, we added record new liability

relationships with over 4.3 million new

SA relationships, 53% higher than the

previous year. Our focus on offering

‘right fit’ solutions, new product

propositions with several value-added

features and strengthening the customer

– relationship manager engagement

helped deepen these relationships.

Balances from new retail SA customers

acquired increased over 60% y-o-y.

Premiumisation of the liabilities franchise

continues to be an important imperative

for the Bank. Our wealth management

business ‘Burgundy’ is among the

largest in India with combined assets

under management of `2.6 trillion and

over 1.9 lakh affluent and ultra HNI

clients. During the year, we continued to

leverage our open architecture platform

and ‘One Axis’ capabilities across Axis

Group to engage and serve the be-spoke

requirements of Burgundy customers.

Our persistent customer outreach

and innovative wealth management &

banking solutions resulted in 37% YoY

growth in balances of Burgundy and

Burgundy Private customers with the

Bank. Correspondingly, the share of

premium segments in the overall retail

savings balances for Existing to Bank

(ETB) customers increased by 90 bps to

44%.

We continued to work towards

leveraging our relationships with leading

corporates to gain a higher share in

the salary segment. Digital onboarding

through Video KYC was launched

in June 2021 for Corporate Salary

accounts to provide a seamless end-to-

end experience for our customers. This

helped add a record 1.5 million new

salary accounts in fiscal 2022, with an

all-time high balance contribution from

them, a reflection of growth in both

quality and quantity.

During the year, we also deepened our

relationships across various government

businesses and signed MOUs with the

Indian Army, Indian Navy, Police and

Forest departments among others. This

resulted in government SA deposits

growing 40% y-o-y. As part of our

various planned interventions to increase

the share of LCR accretive retail term

deposits also launched an industry-first

full digital KYC based fixed deposits

which allows insta account opening for

New to Bank (NTB) customers on our

platforms and those of our partners.

Our third-party products distribution

business delivered strong growth led by

our focus on building a digital ecosystem

around partnerships and offering distinct

product propositions in order to meet

the customers’ financial investments

and protection needs. The fee from

third party products, including the retail

forex remittances business, continues to

remain an important driver of our total

retail fees. Our third-party distribution

fee grew strongly by 29% y-o-y with

investment and insurance related fees up

48% and 22% y-o-y respectively.

Delivering strong growth across

retail product segments aided by

transformation projects

On the retail lending side, our strategic

focus has been to deliver profitable

growth while continuing to diversify

the book. Our disbursements across the

product segments continued to improve

sequentially and touched new highs

during the year led by improved rigour,

rhythm and operational efficiencies.

In fiscal 2022, while we pivoted the

growth in Retail book towards our

identified focused segments like small

business banking and rural, we also

gradually accelerated growth across

personal loans and credit cards with

the economic impact of covid waning

towards the latter half of year.

The small business banking segment

witnessed a 60% y-o-y growth, a result

of the ramp up in acquisition of new

clients and a focus on providing a full

suite of solutions from the Bank to our

existing clients. The growth across our

unsecured loan portfolio consisting

of personal loans and credit cards too

improved by 15% and 19%, respectively

on a y-o-y basis as we leveraged our

strong data analytics capabilities and

39

Performance for the Year

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Business Segment Performance

Annual Report 2021-22

44

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

The fiscal year 2022 was yet another

extraordinary year for Corporate India

as it displayed extreme resilience

through the challenging times. The

year witnessed record deleveraging

by corporates on the back of buoyant

equity markets and upturn in

commodity cycle.

With corporate balance sheets in

a comfortable state and credit risk

environment being benign, the industry

loan growth continued to improve

sequentially through the year. Banking

sector loan growth in mid-corporates

and SME segment was strong while

pricing pressure remained higher in

large corporates as the latter utilised

the low interest rate environment and

buoyant equity markets to mobilise

funds from non-banking sources.

In this context, our strategic focus has

been to deliver relationship RAROC

focused growth leveraging ‘One Axis’

while driving higher growth in our

chosen business segments. Over the

last three years, we have firmly laid the

building blocks for driving our strategy

by strengthening the organisation

structure and processes. We have

initiated multiple transformation

projects across our coverage and

product focused segments towards

building high performing, resilient and

continuously improving businesses. We

have also inculcated a positive culture

and embedded rigour and rhythm in

our operations towards delivering

execution excellence and getting our

fair share of business from customers.

As a result of these efforts, we added

close to 1,100 new credit relationships

in the Corporate segment during the

year, up nearly 40% y-o-y. In line with

our focus on looking at the customer

relationship opportunity on a RAROC

basis, we also deepened our product

penetration across our focused

coverage segments.

Ability to deliver ‘One Axis’ has

been a key area of distinctiveness

for the Bank

I am proud to state that today we

are amongst the best and most

comprehensive Wholesale Banking

franchise for our customers. Our ability

to deliver ‘One Axis’ by bringing in the

strengths of the subsidiaries and all

business segments of the Bank, has

been a key area of distinctiveness for

the Bank. During the year, we engaged

with the customer across their capital

structure with an aim of not just

lending balance sheet but also ensured

that we capture multiple non-credit

revenue streams to become their

‘transaction bank of choice’.

Today, we provide one-stop holistic

solutions for meeting the needs of our

corporate clients across all financial

services. From, traditional banking

products like loans, working capital,

transaction banking services, debt

capital markets to investment banking

and asset management solutions,

and retail banking products like

Burgundy wealth management, salary

and trusteeship services, forex and

commercial credit cards.

Our synergised efforts across the

coverage segments and subsidiaries

towards serving customers also got

us multiple external recognitions. At

the start of the year, the Bank was

recognised as # 1 on the Greenwich

quality index for both Large Corporate

banking and Middle Market banking.

The Bank also stood # 1 on the

Greenwich Service Excellence rankings

for aspects like the ease of doing

business, and knowledge of transaction

banking needs. We were also awarded

IFR Asia’s Asian Bank of The Year

and India Bond House Award, for

our breadth of coverage and depth

of expertise in the Asian investment

banking space.

Continue to deliver higher

growth in our focus segments like

Commercial Banking Group and

Mid-Corporate

The concerted efforts have also

started reflecting in the strong growth

performance in our focused segments

like Mid-Corporate, MNC and CBG

that grew by 45%, 49% and 26%

respectively as compared to previous

year. The higher growth has led to

share of Mid-Corporate and CBG in

overall wholesale advances increasing

by over 750 bps in last two years,

thereby bringing in a greater level of

granularity to the overall portfolio.

The SME segment remains strategic

priority for us as we build a strong &

quality relationship led commercial

banking franchise. Over the last

few years, we have significantly

strengthened the leadership team,

our operational processes, risk and

collections framework, while improving

customer engagement and productivity

aided by technology driven

transformation projects. Our strategy

to accelerate new customer acquisition,

be able to offer many more products

to our existing customers and leverage

data and technology continues to play

out well. During the year, our New to

Bank business book grew 53%, and

nearly 20% of the premium Burgundy

Private and Burgundy accounts were

sourced through CBG segment. The

SME book continues to remain largely

secured, granular and very well

diversified across different industry

segments. The asset quality and risk

metrics in this segment have held up

very well with net slippages of `193

crores in fiscal 2022, very low share

of ECGLS and negligible restructuring

of 0.02%. We remain bullish on our

ability to push the pedal on growth in

this segment.

Our strategic focus

has been to deliver

relationship RaRoC

focused growth

leveraging ‘One Axis’

while driving higher

growth in our chosen

business segments.

45

Performance for the Year

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of Credit advising

as well as digital presentation of

underlying trade documents.

We have also made significant progress

in our project ‘Neo’ towards building

a world class Digital Corporate Bank.

One of our primary focus areas has

been to seek market leadership and

increase customer wallet share by

offering a comprehensive market

leading API proposition to clients. We

are also building a simplified mobile

native platform that will cater to rapidly

emerging banking and beyond banking

needs of corporates and MSMEs

customers through our in-house

digital journeys and collaborative

partnerships. The first journeys in beta

phase have gone live during the fourth

quarter of this year and we remain

committed to build banking of the

future framework for corporates.

We have maintained our leadership

position on the Bloomberg League

Table as the top arranger of rupee

bonds over the last 15 years. During

the year, the Bank also won the ‘Best

DCM House in India’ Award at the

Finance Asia’s Country Awards.

During the year, our overseas

corporate loan book grew 42% y-o-y

primarily driven by our GIFT City

branch exposures as we continued

our focus on serving Indian corporates

with global operations through

our consolidated overseas branch

operations in Dubai, Singapore and

GIFT City, India. Our overseas book

continues to be dominated by high

rated Indian conglomerates and public

sector undertaking entities. We have

the largest International Financial

Services Centre Banking Unit (IBU) in

Gujarat International Finance Tech-city

with asset book of close to $5 billion.

We also have the highest share of Non-

Deliverable Forwards (NDFs) trading

volumes among all IBUs.

During the year, we

made strong progress

towards becoming

the transaction bank

of choice for our

corporate clients. We

won several complex

cash management

mandates, and gained

market share in trade

and forex business.

Annual Report 2021-22

46

Business Segment Performance

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

We have continued to

take prudent actions

around asset quality

and provisioning. The

asset quality metrics

continue to improve

with net NPAs in

Corporate and SME

segments reducing by

31 bps y-o-y and 47 bps

y-o-y to 1% and 0.56%

respectively.

47

Performance for the Year

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO of the Bank on 28 April, 2021, for a further

period of three years, with effect from 1 January, 2022 up to 31 December, 2024 (both days inclusive). The said

re-appointment was approved by the members of the Bank at 27th AGM held on 30 July, 2021 and by RBI vide: letter

dated 14 October, 2021.

2.

Prof. S. Mahendra Dev was appointed as an Independent Director of the Bank on 14 June, 2021, for a period of four

years with effect from 14 June, 2021 up to 13 June, 2025 (both days inclusive). The said appointment was approved

by the members of the Bank at 27th AGM held on 30 July, 2021. He is not liable to retire by rotation, in terms of

Section 149(13) of the Act.

The Board formed an opinion that Prof. S. Mahendra Dev has the integrity, expertise and requisite experience, which

is beneficial to the business interest of the Bank. Further, he is in compliance with passing of online proficiency

self-assessment test, as prescribed under Rule 6(4) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of

Directors) Rules, 2014.

3.

Ashish Kotecha was appointed as an Non-Executive (Nominee of entities affiliated to Bain Capital) Director of the Bank

on 14 December, 2021, to hold office with effect from 19 December, 2021 up to 18 December, 2024 or till the time

entities affiliated to Bain Capital are directly holding in the aggregate at least two percent (2%) of the equity share capital

of the Bank on a fully diluted basis, whichever is earlier. The said appointment was approved by the members of the Bank

vide postal ballot on 6 March, 2022. He is liable to retire by rotation, in terms of Section 152 of the Act.

4.

(a)

Rajiv Anand, Executive Director (Wholesale Banking) was re-designated as the Deputy Managing Director of the

Bank and the said re-designation was approved by RBI from the date of its letter i.e. 27 December, 2021 up to

3 August, 2022 i.e. remainder of his tenure as the Executive Director (Wholesale Banking) of the Bank. The said

re-designation was approved by the members of the Bank vide postal ballot on 6 March, 2022.

(b)

Rajiv Anand was re-appointed as the Deputy Managing Director of the Bank on 10 January, 2022, for a further

period of three years, with effect from 4 August, 2022 up to 3 August, 2025 (both days inclusive). The said

re-appointment was approved by the members of the Bank vide postal ballot on 6 March, 2022. The approval of

RBI for the aforesaid re-appointment is awaited.

5.

Rakesh Makhija was re-appointed as the Non-Executive (Part-time)

Managing Director & CEO, Rajiv Anand, Deputy: Managing

Managing Director of the Bank. A progress report on the status

of Ind AS implementation in the Bank is presented to the ACB and Board of Directors on a quarterly basis.

Remuneration Policy

The Bank has formulated and adopted a Remuneration Policy for its Non-Executive Chairman and Non-Executive Directors

and a Remuneration Policy for its: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

99.6

NIL(1)

Rajiv Anand

Deputy: Managing

letter for re-classification to “Public” category from “Promoter” category from

United India Insurance Company Limited, National Insurance Company Limited, The New India Assurance Company

Limited, General Insurance Corporation of India dated 26 February, 2021, 4 March, 2021, 22 April, 2021 and

1 June, 2021 respectively. The same was considered by the Board of Directors in the respective subsequent Board

meetings after the above-mentioned requests were received. Pursuant to Regulation 31A of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, an approval of shareholders was obtained in the Annual General Meeting held on 30 July, 2021. The

Bank had submitted the prescribed applications to BSE Limited (BSE) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited

(NSE) on 5 August, 2021. BSE and NSE vide their respective letters dated 30 November, 2021 have granted their

approval for the reclassification of aforementioned promoters to “Public” category from “Promoter” category.

Further the Bank had received a request from The Oriental Insurance Company Limited for reclassification from

“promoter” to “Public” category on 7 September, 2021. The same was considered in the subsequent board meeting

and pursuant to Regulation 31A(3)(a) (iii) of SEBI Listing Regulations the shareholders’ approval for the same was

not required. The Bank submitted the prescribed application to BSE and NSE on 12 October, 2021. BSE and

NSE vide their respective letters dated 20 December, 2021 granted their approval for the reclassification of The

Oriental Insurance Company Limited to “Public” category from “Promoter” category.

3.

On 27 December, 2021, the Committee of Whole time Directors of the Bank, approved the allotment of

26,000 Senior Unsecured Taxable Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures (SERIES- 6) of the face value of

` 10 lakh each (“Debentures”), for cash, at par aggregating to ` 2,600 Crore at coupon rate of 6.99% p.a. payable

annually, on a private placement basis.

4.

On 30 March, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Bank, approved the purchase of the Citibank’s India

Consumer Business from Citibank N.A. (acting through its branch in India) and the NBFC Consumer Business

from Citicorp Finance (India) Limited as going concerns subject to fulfilment of specific conditions and obtaining

requisite approvals.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated 28 July, 2021 had imposed a monetary penalty of ` 50,000,000 (Rupees Five Crores

only) on the Bank for non-compliance with certain directions issued by RBI. The penalty had been imposed in

exercise of powers vested in RBI under the provisions of section 47A(1)(c) read with section 46(4)(i) of the Banking

Regulation Act, 1949, in respect of the non-compliances which occurred during the earlier periods.

7.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has issued a show cause notice dated 2 March, 2021 for

non-adherence to the reporting requirements under Regulation 27 of SEBI (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992

and a penalty of ` 500,000 (Rupees Five Lakh only) had been imposed.

For Bhandari & Associates

Company Secretaries

Firm Registration No: P1981MH043700

S. N. Bhandari

Partner

FCS No: 761; C P No.: 366

UDIN: F000761D000227361

Place: Mumbai

Date: 29 April, 2022

This report is to be read with our: letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure ‘A’ and forms an integral part of this report.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Bank. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Bank.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Bank nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Bank.

For Bhandari & Associates

Company Secretaries

Firm Registration No: P1981MH043700

S. N. Bhandari

Partner

FCS No: 761; C P No.: 366

UDIN: F000761D000227361

Place: Mumbai

Date: 29 April, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

4

4

3

Meena Ganesh1

Member – Independent Director

3

3

4

Rajesh Dahiya2

Member – Executive Director (Corporate Centre)

3

3

5

T.C. Suseel Kumar3

Member – Nominee Director

1

1

1

Appointed as member with effect from 14 June, 2021.

2

Ceased to be a member, with effect from close of business hours of 31 December, 2021.

3

Ceased to be a member with effect from 14 June, 2021

3.

Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects approved by the

Board are disclosed on the website of the Company: https://www.axisbank.com/csr/social-responsibility

4.

Provide the details of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of

rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report):

There were no eligible programs for impact assessment in fiscal 2022.

5.

Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate

Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any:

Not Applicable

6.

Average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5): ` 6,903.12 crore

7.

(a)

Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5): ` 138.06 crore

(b)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years:

Not Applicable

(c)

Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: Not Applicable

(d)

Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c): ` 138.06 crore

Annexure 4

ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY ACTIVITIES

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Place: Mumbai

Date: 29 April, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter, stock holding statement, capital gain statement and view the live balances of the stocks in one click.

Third Party Distribution

The Bank is one of the leading distributors of third party products including mutual fund schemes, life insurance, health

insurance and other general insurance policies. The Bank offers comprehensive investment and protection solutions, to

cater to the diverse needs of each customer segment, adopting tech-enabled delivery mechanisms across all customer touch

points. During the year, Third Party Distribution business contributed 22% to Bank’s retail fee income on back of its strong

partnerships, contextual product launches, wide distribution strength and digital initiatives.

With a total Mutual fund AUM of `55,546 crores, the Bank continues to be the fourth largest distributor in the industry

and had 10.78 lakhs mutual fund customers as on 31 March 2022. The Bank through its dedicated in-house research desk,

identifies the best mutual fund schemes based on qualitative and quantitative parameters. Currently, the Bank distributes

Mutual Funds schemes of 21 major Asset Management Companies, through its diversified branch network and digital channels

based on the customers’ lifecycle and investment requirements. The Bank also offers various Alternate Investment Products to

its customers from select product providers, as approved by SEBI.

The Bank offers online trading services to its customers in collaboration with Axis Securities Ltd under the brand name Axis

Direct. Through its branches, the Bank has sourced more than 3.2 million total customers for Axis Direct with 4.91 lakhs

customers being added in fiscal 2022.

The Bank is one of the fastest growing Bancassurance player in the industry with 27% Y-o-Y growth in life insurance premium

and 13% growth in Non-Life premium.

The Bank in its life insurance distribution business has a tie up with Life Insurance Corporation of India, Max Life Insurance

Company Limited and Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance. The Bank’ strategy of adopting an open architecture helped the Bank to

increase penetration and grow faster than the industry led by strong product offerings.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO (MD & CEO) reports to the Board of the Bank. He oversees business operations, drives

strategic growth and is responsible for overall performance of the business of the Bank. The Deputy: Managing

letter of appointment setting out the terms and conditions

relating to their appointment and their duties and responsibilities under applicable laws. The said: letter is also

uploaded on the website of the Bank at https://www.axisbank.com/shareholders-corner/corporate-governance.

B.

Familiarisation Programme for Independent

letter dated 28 April, 2020 issued an administrative warning for not intimating SEBI on appointment of

Compliance Officer (Merchant Banking) and that the Compliance Officer did not have the required NISM certification,

as observed during the inspection of the Bank as ‘Merchant Banker’. The Bank has appointed new Compliance Officer

(Merchant Banking) who has the required NISM certification. The same has been informed to SEBI.

(ii)

SEBI vide its: letter dated 28 December, 2020, observed delay in making disclosures by the Bank under the SEBI

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 and in this regard has informed the Bank that the matter has been

viewed seriously and has warned the Bank to be careful in future to avoid recurrence of such instances and to be more

cautious in filing disclosures, failing which action may be initiated in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI Act, 1992

and Rules and Regulations framed thereunder.

(iii)

SEBI issued a Summary Settlement Notice dated 28 December, 2020 in relation to an alleged default under

Regulation 7(2)(b) of the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading), Regulations, 2015. The Bank without admitting or

denying the findings of facts and conclusions of law submitted a settlement application on 29 January, 2021 to SEBI, in

accordance with the provisions of the SEBI (Settlement Proceedings) Regulations, 2018 and paid the settlement amount

of ` 41.43 lacs.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Letter for contravention with Regulation 31(2)(a), 32(1) of SEBI (FPI) Regulations 2019 and for contravention

with para 2.3 of SEBI Circular CIR/IMD/FIIC/09/2014 dated 28 April, 2014. The Bank has submitted its response on

25 February, 2021.

(v)

The Bank received a Show Cause Notice from SEBI vide e-mail dated 3 March, 2021, issued under Rule 4 of the SEBI

(Procedure for Holding inquiry and imposing penalties) Rules, 1995. As per the Regulation 27 of SEBI (Merchant

Bankers) Regulations, 1992, the Merchant Banker is required to submit to SEBI complete particulars of any transaction

for acquisition of securities of any body corporate whose issue is being managed by that merchant banker within

15 days from the date of entering into such transaction. During the review of Debt Capital Market business of the Bank

in December, 2019, it was observed that the Bank had inadvertently failed to report transactions as required under

Regulation 27 of SEBI (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992. The Bank had submitted response to SCN vide e-mail

dated 16 March, 2021. Further, the Bank was granted time till 4 May, 2021 to make additional submissions in the matter

at the hearing conducted on 26 April, 2021, through video conference with respect to the Adjudication Proceedings in

the above matter.

Basis the response to the SCN and submissions made by the Bank during personal hearing, the adjudicating officer

observed that the Bank had failed to comply with the SEBI regulation for three years (August 2016 to August 2019).

However, he also noted that –

•

The Bank observed the irregularities and informed SEBI

•

No investor complaints were received due to this irregularity

•

The Bank has taken necessary corrective steps to avoid recurrence of such lapses.

Considering these facts, the Adjudicating officer has imposed a penalty of ` 5 lacs on the Bank.

(vi)

SEBI carried out inspection of the Custodian activities of the Bank for fiscal 2019 and issued Administrative Warning

and Deficiency: Letter for contravention with clauses 1, 2, 3 and 10 of the Code of Conduct prescribed at Regulation 12

of the SEBI (Custodian) Regulations, 1996. The Bank has submitted its response on 6 April, 2021.

The Secretarial Auditor has certified that none of the

Managing Director & CEO

President & CFO

Date: 28 April, 2022

Annexure 1

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Place: Mumbai

Date: 29 April, 2022

Annexure 2

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (MD & CEO), other Whole-Time Directors (WTD) and senior managers one

level below the Board.

b.

Recommend to the Board the compensation payable to the Chairman of the Bank.

c.

Review and recommend to the Board for approval, the talent management and succession policy and process

in the Bank for ensuring business continuity, especially at the level of MD & CEO, the other WTDs, senior

managers’ one level below the Board and other key roles and their progression to the Board.

d.

Formulate the criteria and the manner for effective evaluation of performance of the Board as a whole, its

Committees and individual directors, including independent directors of the Bank, which may be carried out

either by the Committee or by the Board or with the help of an independent external agency and to review

its implementation, compliance and outcomes.

e.

Review adequacy and appropriateness of HR strategy of the Bank in the broader areas of code of conduct,

ethics, conflict of interest, succession planning, talent management, performance management, remuneration

and HR risk management.

f.

Review and recommend to the Board for approval:



the creation of new positions one level below MD & CEO



appointments, promotions and exits of senior managers one level below the MD & CEO

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO, other Whole-Time

Directors, Senior Management and other eligible employees of the Bank / subsidiary, in terms of the relevant

provisions of the SEBI Regulations, as amended, from time to time.

j.

Perform such other duties as may be required to be done under any law, statute, rules, regulations etc.

enacted by Government of India, Reserve Bank of India or by any other regulatory or statutory body.



External consultants whose advice has been sought, the body by which they were commissioned, and in what

areas of the remuneration process:

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has commissioned Aon Consulting Pvt. Limited, a globally

renowned compensation benchmarking firm, to conduct market benchmarking of employee compensation. The

Bank participates in the salary benchmarking survey conducted by Aon every year. Aon collects data from multiple

private sector peer banks across functions, levels and roles which is then used by the Bank to assess market

competitiveness of remuneration offered to Bank employees.



A description of the scope of the Bank’s remuneration policy, including the extent to which it is applicable to

branches in India and overseas:

The Committee monitors the remuneration policy for both domestic and overseas branches of the Bank on behalf

of the Board. However, it does not oversee the compensation policy for subsidiaries of the Bank.



A description of the type of employees covered and number of such employees:

Employees are categorised into following three categories from remuneration structure and administration stand

point:

Category 1

MD & CEO and WTDs. This category includes 3* employees.

Category 2

All the employees in the Grade of Vice President and above engaged in the functions of Risk Control, Internal Audit

and Compliance. This category includes 77* employees.

Category 3: Other Staff

‘Other Staff’ has been defined as a “group of employees whose actions have a material impact on the risk exposure

of the Bank”. This category includes 23* employees.

*represents employees in these categories during the year FY 2021-22 including employees exited from the Bank

during FY 2021-22.

b)

Information relating to the design and structure of remuneration processes and the key features and

objectives of remuneration policy:



An overview of the key features and objectives of remuneration policy:

The compensation philosophy of the Bank aims to attract, retain and motivate professionals in order to enable the

Bank to attain its strategic objectives and develop a strong performance culture in the competitive environment in

which it operates. To achieve this, the following principles are adopted:

Affordability: Pay to reflect productivity improvements to retain cost-income competitiveness

-

Maintain competitiveness on fixed pay in talent market

-

Pay for performance to drive meritocracy through variable pay

-

Employee Stock Options for long-term value creation

-

Benefits and perquisites to remain aligned with market practices and provide flexibility

Apart from the above, the compensation structure for MD & CEO and WTDs is aligned to RBI’s guidelines for

sound compensation practices issued in November 2019 and addresses the general principles of:

-

Effective and independent governance and monitoring of compensation

-

Alignment of compensation with prudent risk-taking through well designed and consistent

compensation structures

-

Clear and timely disclosure to facilitate supervisory oversight by all stakeholders

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director. A progress report on the status of Ind

AS implementation in the Bank is presented to the Audit Committee and Board of Directors on a quarterly basis.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director)

•

Mr. Rajesh Dahiya [Executive Director (Corporate Centre)] (upto 31 December, 2021)

•

Mr. Pralay Mondal [Executive Director (Retail Banking)] (from 1 August, 2019 to 14 September, 2020)

c)

Relatives of Key Management Personnel

Ms. Preeti Chaudhry, Mr. Anagh Chaudhry, Mr. Aruj Chaudhry, Mr. Aryan Chaudhry, Ms. Chhavi Kharb, Mr. Ashok Kharb,

Mr. Om Singh Chaudhry, Ms. Kusum Chaudhry,Ms. Gitanjali Anand, Ms. Tara Anand, Ms. Nandita Anand, Mr. P.L. Narain,

Mr. P. Srinivas, Ms. Ratna Rao Shekar, Ms. P. Kamashi, Ms. Charu Narain, Ms. K Ramalakshmi, Ms. Hemant Dahiya,

Ms. Arooshi Dahiya, Mr. Anshul Avasthi, Ms. Mallika Dahiya, Ms. Jal Medha, Ms. Pooja Rathi, Mr. Gagan Rathi, Mr. Jai

Prakash Dahiya, Ms. Mahasweta Mondal, Ms. Pritha Mondal, Ms. Trina Mondal, Mr. Biplab Mondal, Ms. Anima Mondal.

d)

Subsidiary Companies

•

Axis Capital Limited

•

Axis Trustee Services Limited

•

Axis Asset Management Company Limited

•

Axis Mutual Fund Trustee Limited

•

Axis Bank UK Limited

•

Axis Finance Limited

•

Axis Securities Limited

•

A. Treds Limited

•

Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited

e)

Step down subsidiary companies

•

Axis Capital USA LLC

f)

Associate

•

Max Life Insurance Company Limited (with effect from 6 April, 2021)

Based on RBI guidelines, details of transactions with Step down Subsidiary and Associate are not disclosed since there

is only one entity/party in each of the category.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Letter’ for the services to be rendered

is accepted by the customer.

A provision for doubtful debts is recognized where, in the case of Initial Acceptance Fees, the receivables are not realized

within 90 days from the date of invoice, and in the case of Annual Fees, the receivables are not received within 90 days

from the end of the period for which the invoice is issued. Where doubtful debt remains unrecovered till the end of the

year, the same is written off and reversed from the debtors account. Specific provisions are created in certain cases

where recovery is assessed as doubtful even before the due date.

Realised gains and losses on mutual funds are dealt with in the Profit and Loss Account. The cost of units in mutual fund

sold are determined on FIFO basis for the purpose of calculating gains or losses on sale/redemption of such units.

Axis Asset Management Company Limited

Management fees are recognised on accrual basis. The fees charged are in accordance with the terms of scheme

information documents of respective schemes and are in line with the provisions of SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations,

1996 as amended from time to time.

Management fees from Portfolio Management Services, Alternate Investment Fund and Investment advisory fees-

offshore are recognized on an accrual basis as per the terms of the contract with the customers.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director)

•

Mr. Rajesh Dahiya [Executive Director (Corporate Centre)] (upto 31 December, 2021)

•

Mr. Pralay Mondal [Executive Director (Retail Banking)] (from 1 August, 2019 to 14 September, 2020)

c)

Relatives of Key Management Personnel

Ms. Preeti Chaudhry, Mr. Anagh Chaudhry, Mr. Aruj Chaudhry, Mr. Aryan Chaudhry, Ms. Chhavi Kharb, Mr. Ashok Kharb,

Mr. Om Singh Chaudhry, Ms. Kusum Chaudhry,Ms. Gitanjali Anand, Ms. Tara Anand, Ms. Nandita Anand, Mr. P.L. Narain,

Mr. P. Srinivas, Ms. Ratna Rao Shekar, Ms. P. Kamashi, Ms. Charu Narain, Ms. K Ramalakshmi, Ms. Hemant Dahiya,

Ms. Arooshi Dahiya, Mr. Anshul Avasthi, Ms. Mallika Dahiya, Ms. Jal Medha, Ms. Pooja Rathi, Mr. Gagan Rathi, Mr. Jai

Prakash Dahiya, Ms. Mahasweta Mondal, Ms. Pritha Mondal, Ms. Trina Mondal, Mr. Biplab Mondal, Ms. Anima Mondal.

d)

Associate

•

Max Life Insurance Company Limited (with effect from 6 April, 2021)

Based on RBI guidelines, details of transactions with Associate are not disclosed since there is only one entity/party in

the said category.

The details of transactions of the Group with its related parties during the year ended 31 March, 2022 are given below:

(` in crores)

Items/Related Party

Promoters

Key

Management

Personnel

Relatives

of Key

Management

Personnel#

Total

Dividend paid

-

-

-

-

Interest paid

173.69

0.24

0.37

174.30

Interest received

0.01

0.32

-*

0.33

Investment in non-equity instrument of related party

-

-

-

-

Investment of related party in the Bank

-

11.07

-

11.07

Sale of investments

584.75

-

-

584.75

Remuneration paid

-

14.24

-

14.24

Contribution to employee benefit fund

14.19

-

-

14.19

Placement of security deposits

-

-

-

-

Repayment of security deposit

0.01

-

-

0.01

Advance granted (net)

-

7.25

-

7.25

Advance repaid

0.52

2.58

-

3.10

Receiving of services

401.97

-

-

401.97

Rendering of services

47.19

-*

-*

47.19

Sale/ Purchase of foreign exchange currency to/from related party

-

0.94

0.17

1.11

Other reimbursements from related party

-

-

-

-

Other reimbursements to related party

0.25

-

-

0.25

# Details of transactions of the Bank with relatives of KMP are for the period during which the KMP are related parties of the Bank

*Denotes amount less than `50,000/-

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director: Managing

letter” displayed under “e-voting” tab in their respective login.

7.

Members attending the AGM through VC shall be counted for the purpose of quorum under Section 103 of the Act.

8.

The statutory registers maintained under the Act and all other documents referred to in the notice will be available

for inspection in electronic mode. Members seeking to inspect such documents are requested to write to the Bank by

sending an e-mail to shareholders@axisbank.com.

9.

In accordance with the Circulars, notice of 28th AGM along with the annual report for the financial year 2021-22 is

being sent only through electronic mode to the members who have registered their e-mail addresses with the Bank /

their respective depository participant (“DP”). Accordingly, no physical copy of the notice of 28th AGM and the annual

report for the financial year 2021-22 is being sent to members who have not registered their e-mail addresses with the

Bank / DP. The members will be entitled to a physical copy of the annual report for the financial year 2021-22, free

of cost, upon sending a request to the Bank or its registrar and transfer agent (“RTA”) viz. KFin Technologies Limited

(“KFIN”). Members may note that the notice of 28th AGM and the annual report are also available on the Bank’s website at

www.axisbank.com, and on the website of Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited (www.bseindia.com) and National Stock

Exchange of India Limited (www.nseindia.com).

10.

We urge members to support our commitment to environmental protection by choosing to receive the Bank’s

communication through e-mail. Members holding shares in demat mode, who have not registered their e-mail addresses

are requested to register their e-mail addresses with their respective DP, and members holding shares in physical mode

are requested to update their e-mail addresses with KFIN at einward.ris@kfintech.com. Members may follow the process

detailed below for registration of e-mail ID, update of bank account details etc.

Type of holder

Process to be followed

Physical

For availing the following investor services, send a written request in the prescribed forms to KFIN by e-mail to

einward.ris@kfintech.com or by post to Selenium Tower B, Plot 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally

Mandal, Hyderabad – 500032.

Form to register / change / update PAN, bank details, signature, mobile number, e-mail ID and

address

Form ISR-1

Form for confirmation of signature of securities holder by the Banker

Form ISR-2

Form for nomination pursuant to Section 72 of the Act

Form SH-13

Form for declaration to opt-out of nomination

Form ISR-3

Form for cancellation or variation of nomination

Form SH-14

The forms for updating the above details are available at: https://www.axisbank.com/shareholders-corner/financial-

results-and-other-information/public-notices/investor-faqs

Demat

Please contact your DP to register/update your e-mail address, bank account details, address etc. in your demat account,

as per the process advised by your DP.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of Life Insurance Corporation of India (“Corporation”) in January

2021. A university rank-holder in post graduate, he joined the Corporation as a direct recruit officer in 1984. During a span

of more than three decades in the Corporation, he held various distinguished positions in India and abroad. As an Executive

Director at the corporate office, he has the distinction of working in all major streams that included marketing, customer

relationship management, personnel, finance & accounts, audit, corporate planning, inspection, estates, human resource

development, bancassurance and investments besides heading foreign operations in Mauritius. Quite strong at analytics and

interpretation of data, he had authored the business strategies of the Corporation aligning the short and long term goals to

regain the market share. During his stewardship in marketing, the Corporation has crossed many a milestone with all time high

first year premium income and consolidated its market leadership with appreciable growth.

T. C. Suseel Kumar also pioneered the market research program to target the millennial for both new business and agency

recruitment. During 2020-21, from over a decade, the Corporation added more than a lakh agents. He was also instrumental in

rolling out automated business data compilation and analysis in real time across the Corporation, that enabled the managers to

strategize and execute the business plans. As the: Managing

Managing Director of Bloom Energy

International, a Silicon Valley based alternative energy company. He, along with his IT industry colleagues has promoted a

venture fund, Exfinity Venture Partners, which invests in tech start-ups. He is also a general partner at Exfinity.

Girish Paranjpe is an operating partner of Advent International, a private equity firm headquartered at Boston, USA. He is a

member of Advent’s advisory board.

He is a commerce graduate and member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and Institute of Cost and

Works Accountants of India (ICWAI).

The details of attendance of Girish Paranjpe at the meetings of the Bank’s Board and its Committees, during the financial year

ended 31 March, 2022, are as under:

Particulars

FY 2021-22

Board of Directors

12/12

Audit Committee of the Board

15/15

IT and Digital Strategy Committee

4/4

Risk Management Committee

5/5

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

10/10

Girish Paranjpe has not resigned from any listed entity in the past three financial years.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO of Bharti Airtel and his key contribution was building Airtel as

no. 3 telco in the world from 2 million customers to over 400 million customers. He led Bharti Airtel’s India operations for

100x scale-up before moving to International responsibility for 20 countries and was also responsible for leading the Africa

operations which was acquired in June 2010. He has also led formation of world’s largest tower company (Indus and Infratel)

for achieving major infrastructure synergies for the industry. He was the Chairman of the Industry Association, COAI. As

the: Managing Director and CEO of Bharti Airtel, he had extensive understanding of legal and regulatory complexities of the

telecom sector and was a voice for influencing public policy in the sector as

