letter issued by the competent

authority or any other evidences demonstrating the

non-applicability of Article 24 - Limitation of Relief

under India-Singapore Double Taxation Avoidance

Agreement (DTAA)

Please note that the application of beneficial DTAA rate shall

depend upon the completeness and satisfactory review

by the Bank, of the documents submitted by non-resident

shareholders and meeting requirement of the Act read with

applicable DTAA. It must be ensured that self-declaration

should be addressed to the Bank and should be in the

prescribed format. In absence of the same, the Bank will

not be obligated to apply the beneficial DTAA rate at the

time of tax deduction on dividend.

The Bank shall arrange to e-mail the soft copy of TDS

certificate at the registered e-mail ID of Members post

payment of the dividend.

Section 206AB of the Act

Rate of TDS @10% under section 194 of the IT Act is subject

to provisions of Section 206AB of IT Act which provides

for TDS in respect of non-filers of income-tax return. As

provided in section 206AB, tax is required to be deducted

at the highest of following rates in case of payments to

specified persons:

-

at twice the rate specified in the relevant provision of

the IT Act; or

-

at twice the rate or rates in force; or

-

at the rate of 5%.

As per Central Board of Direct Taxes vide Circular No. 11

of 2021 dated June 21, 2021, for determining TDS rate on

dividend, the Bank will be using functionality of the Income

Tax department to determine the applicability of Section

206AB of the IT Act.

To summarise, dividend will be paid after deducting the

tax at source as under:

i.

Nil for resident shareholders receiving dividend

upto ` 5,000/- or in case Form 15G / Form 15H (as

applicable) along with self-attested copy of the PAN

card is submitted.

ii.

10% for other resident shareholders in case copy of

PAN card is provided / available.

iii.

20% for resident shareholders if copy of PAN card

is not provided / not available / not linked with

Aadhar Number.

iv.

Tax will be assessed on the basis of documents

submitted by the non-resident shareholders.

v.

20% plus applicable surcharge and cess for non-

resident shareholders in case the relevant documents

are not submitted.

vi.

Lower / Nil TDS on submission of self-attested copy

of the valid certificate issued under Section 197 of the

IT Act.

Aforesaid rates will be subject to applicability of Section

206AB of the IT Act.

In terms of Rule 37BA of Income Tax Rules 1962, if

dividend income on which tax has been deducted at

source is assessable in the hands of a person other than

the deductee, then such deductee should file declaration

with Bank in the manner prescribed by the said rules.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter, mentioning the folio number, duly signed

by you, along with a cancelled cheque leaf with your name

and bank account details and a copy of your PAN card duly

self-attested. This will facilitate receipt of dividend directly

into your bank account. In case the cancelled cheque leaf

does not bear your name, please attach a copy of the bank

pass-book statement, duly self-attested.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of

Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited

since 2010, and brings with her rich experience

and knowledge of the mortgage sector, having

been associated with real estate and mortgage

industry in India for over 40 years. Over the years,

she has been the recipient of numerous awards

and accolades, such as the ‘Outstanding Woman

Business Leader’ award granted by CBNC-TV18

India Business Leader Awards 2012, induction in

the Hall of Fame, Fortune India magazine’s most

powerful women from 2011 to 2019, ‘Top Ten

Powerful Women to watch out for in Asia’ by Wall

Street Journal Asia in 2006, etc.

Date of first

appointment on

the Board

March 3, 2020

Number of

meetings of the

Board attended

during the year

14

Directorships

held in other

companies

Listed Companies:

1) Housing Development Finance Corporation Ltd

2) HDFC Life Insurance Company Ltd

3) HDFC Asset Management Company Ltd

4) GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd

5) Unitech Ltd *

Unlisted Companies:

1) HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Ltd

2) Bangalore International Airport Ltd

Memberships /

Chairmanships

of committees

of the Boards of

other companies

1) Bangalore International Airport Ltd

•

Audit Committee (Chairperson)

2) Unitech Ltd *

•

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

(Member)

3) HDFC Asset Management Company Ltd

•

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

(Chairperson)

4) GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd

•

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

(Chairperson)

•

Audit Committee (Member)

Listed entities

from which the

person has

resigned* from

the directorship

in the past three

years

• Maruti Suzuki India Limited (March 31, 2020)

• ABB India Limited (March 18, 2022)

Number of

shares held

in the Bank

(including

shareholding

as a beneficial

owner)

Mrs. Renu Karnad, along with her relatives, holds

595,320 equity shares in the Bank as on March

31, 2022.

Terms and

conditions of

re-appointment

including details

of remuneration

proposed

Mrs. Karnad is a Non-Executive Non-Independent

Director, liable to retire by rotation and has been

nominated as a director by Housing Development

Finance Corporation Limited, the promoter of the

Bank.

Mrs. Karnad shall continue to be entitled to

remuneration by way of sitting fees as well as

reimbursed expenses for attending Board and

Committee meetings as applicable and fixed

remuneration of `20,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty

Lakhs Only) per annum in terms of the RBI

Circular dated April 26, 2021, from the date of

her re-appointment till the end of her proposed

tenure, on proportionate basis.

Details of

remuneration

last drawn (F.Y.

2021-22)

Mrs. Karnad was paid ` 56,50,000/- (Rupees

Fifty-Six Lakhs and Fifty Thousand Only) as sitting

fees for attending the Board and Committee

meetings and fixed remuneration of `20,00,000/-

(Rupees Twenty Lakhs Only).

Justification for

re-appointment

and skills and

capabilities

required for the

role and the

manner in which

the proposed

person

meets such

requirements

The Board of Directors of the Bank is of the

opinion that Mrs. Karnad is a person of integrity

and considering her qualifications, extensive

knowledge and rich experience in the real estate

sector and mortgage industry, the re-appointment

of Mrs. Karnad is in the interest of the Bank. Her

continued association would be of immense

benefit and value to the Bank and, therefore, the

Board recommends her re-appointment as a

Non-Executive Director to the Members.

Nature of

expertise

in specific

functional areas

Business Management, finance, economics,

human resource, Risk management, housing,

real estate, infrastructure, accounting &

audit, information technology, Cyber Security,

Consumer Behaviour, Sales & Marketing, Legal

and Strategy Management.

*Mrs. Karnad has tendered her resignation to Unitech Limited (as a nominee

of the Central Government) with effect from March 24, 2022, and completion

of necessary formalities is awaited, including placing the same before the

Hon’ble Supreme Court of India, for its kind consideration.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their

relatives, other than Mrs. Renu Karnad and her relatives,

are concerned or interested in the passing of this resolution.

Mrs. Karnad is not related to any other Director of the Bank.

Your Directors recommend the passing of the resolution in Item

No. 7 of the accompanying Notice.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Stakeholders,

Let me start by wishing all of you a happy and healthy future.

The pandemic has clearly reinforced the message that

Health is Wealth.

If FY21 saw the darkest period of the pandemic, then

the last financial year was the year of hope. Though the

pandemic did not disappear, the nationwide roll out of the

vaccine programme meant that lives were more secure, and

coupled with precautions, people could get back to some

degree of normalcy.

With the period of uncertainty mostly behind us, I believe

a more positive macroeconomic outlook dominates the

executive agenda, across industries. While there are

headwinds in the form of rising inflation and the Ukraine

crisis, among several others, India is expected to grow 7.3%

and is likely to be the fastest-growing major economy in the

world in FY23 with the strength to absorb external shocks.

Our Performance

Our Balance Sheet has been resilient during the pandemic

and has grown further. Our asset quality continues to remain

healthy and amongst the best in the industry. Our Balance

Sheet increased by 18.4% to `20,68,535 Cr and Net Profit

increased by 18.8% to `36,961.3 Cr. GNPA decreased

to 1.17% from 1.32%. ROA (average) was at a healthy

2.03% and ROE at a healthy 16.9%. Our commitment to

shareholders remained high with a proposed dividend pay-

out of `15.50 (Fifteen Rupees Fifty Paise only) per equity

share of `1 (Rupee 1 only), which translates to a dividend

pay-out ratio of 23.28% for the financial year ended

March 31, 2022.

I would like to say a heartfelt ‘Thank You’ to all my

colleagues for this performance. Each one of the one lakh

forty-one thousand plus members of the HDFC Bank family

gave their best in truly challenging times, so we could serve

you as we have for decades. Words cannot adequately

convey my gratitude to them.

In my: letter to you all last year, I had highlighted my key

focus areas. Improving technology resilience, a clear focus

on three Cs — Culture, Conscience and Customer and

building for the future.

Let me now focus on these.

Technology Resilience

Last year I had said that technology continues to remain

both a strength as well as an area of improvement. Strength,

as without this, we could not have grown to be a bank of this

scale and increased our market share consistently. However,

our customers faced some technology-related issues in

accessing the Bank’s products and services during the

previous year, which had led to some regulatory action,

last fiscal.

Sashidhar Jagdishan

Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer,

HDFC Bank Limited

Overview

Our

Performance

Our

Strategy

Introduction to

HDFC Bank

How We

Create Value

Responsible

Business

Statutory Reports and

Financial Statements

HDFC Bank Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

15

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director.

10.

11.

Financial

inclusion

GRI aspects: Economic performance; Local

communities

Capitals impacted:

Financial inclusion is key to India’s inclusive development agenda. The banking sector has a pivotal

role to play in serving the underbanked, especially in rural and semi-urban areas. We see this as an

opportunity to broaden our reach and make our products and services more accessible. While we

continue to focus on the Corporate Cluster and Government Business to increase penetration, we see

Commercial (MSME) and Rural Banking driving the next wave of growth.

11.

14.

Responsible

financing

GRI aspects: Environmental compliance;

Socioeconomic compliance

Capitals impacted:

Evaluation of environmental and social risk is an integral part of our overall credit appraisal and approval

process. Large industrial/infrastructure projects where the extension of long-term financing (greater than

`100 Million and longer than 5 years) are covered under the Bank’s Social & Environment Monitoring

System (SEMS) which necessitates an assessment of Environmental, Health, Social, and Safety risks in

addition to other risks, as part of the overall credit appraisal process.

As a rule, we do not fund projects that have a negative impact on the environment, health, or safety. We

want to make funding available for environmentally viable projects that help mitigate climate change risks.

To reduce our carbon footprint, we continue to invest in renewable energy and energy efficiency projects.

Customers are also encouraged to make ‘green banking’ decisions.

12.

6.

Employee

welfare

GRI aspects: Employment

Capitals impacted:

W We engage with employees and their families through a variety of initatives through our Employee

Connect program. Over the years and especially during the pandemic, we saw a significant increase in

the employee participation. Many of these initiatives were virtually run during the last two years to ensure

employee safety. We also run an Employee Welfare Trust which is primarily set up to support employees

in case of emergencies where the expenses extend beyond the mediclaim cover that we provide to all

employees and their families. During the pandemic, support from the trust was generously extended to

all employees who needed it.

Materiality Assessment

30

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer

Sanjiv Sachar

Independent Director

Sandeep Parekh

Independent Director

Atanu Chakraborty

Part Time Chairman and

Independent Director

MD Ranganath

Independent Director

Overview

Our

Performance

Our

Strategy

Introduction to

HDFC Bank

How We

Create Value

Responsible

Business

Statutory Reports and

Financial Statements

HDFC Bank Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

116

117

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer

Arvind Kapil

Group Head -

Retail Assets and SLI

Benjamin Frank

Group Head -

Wholesale Credit

Kaizad Bharucha

Executive Director

Arvind Vohra

Group Head -

Retail Branch Banking

Bhavesh Zaveri

Group Head - Operations,

ATM and Cash Management

Product

Anjani Rathor

Chief Digital Officer

Ashima Bhat

Group Head - Business

Finance & Strategy,

Administration, Infrastructure,

ESG & CSR

Chakrapani

Venkatachari

Group Head - Internal Audit

and Quality Initiatives Group

Arup Rakshit

Group Head - Treasury- Sales,

Analytics and Overseas

Ashish Parthasarthy

Group Head - Treasury, GIB,

NRI, Overseas and Tele-

Service Channels

Jimmy Tata

Chief Credit Officer

Nirav Shah

Group Head - Corporate

Banking and PSUs

Ramesh

Lakshminarayanan

Chief Information Officer

Srinivasan

Vaidyanathan

Chief Financial Officer

Parag Rao

Group Head - Payments

Business, Digital & IT

Raveesh Bhatia

Group Head - Emerging

Corporates Group

Vinay Razdan

Chief Human

Resources Officer

Rahul Shukla

Group Head - Commercial

Banking and Rural Business

Sampath Kumar

Group Head - NRI Domestic

& Overseas Business, Third

Party Products and Tele-

Sales & Service Relationships

Sanmoy Chakrabarti

Chief Risk Officer

Rakesh Singh

Group Head - Investment

Banking, Private Banking,

Marketing and Products

Smita Bhagat

Group Head - Government

and Institutional Business,

Partnerships, Ecosystems,

Inclusive Banking and

Start-ups

Overview

Our

Performance

Our

Strategy

Introduction to

HDFC Bank

How We

Create Value

Responsible

Business

Statutory Reports and

Financial Statements

HDFC Bank Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

118

119

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Stakeholders,

Your Directors take great pleasure in presenting the 28th

Annual Report on the business and financial operations of your

Bank, together with the audited accounts for the year ended

March 31, 2022.

Like last year, let me start by wishing all of you health and

happiness on behalf of the HDFC Bank family. The entire

world has learnt the importance of this all over again during

the pandemic.

The good news is that the pandemic more or less appears to be

behind us, thanks to the pick-up in the vaccination program rolled

out by the Union Government and the virus mutants being less

and less dangerous. As the shadow over the health of individuals

lifts, the health of the economy has been improving too.

India’s GDP grew by 8.7 per cent in FY 2021-22 compared to

a contraction of 6.6 per cent in FY 2020-21 as per the Central

Statistical Organisation (CSO), surpassing pre-pandemic

levels of output. The biggest drivers of growth were pick up

in investment and exports. Capital expenditure was led by the

Union Government, with the private sector playing a supporting

role. The Government and the RBI also announced a host of

measures to contain the impact of the second wave on domestic

economic activity. This was followed by stepping up allocation

on capital expenditure in the Union Budget for FY 2022-23 by

24.5 per cent to ` 7.5 lakh crore.

The economy now faces headwinds from rising inflationary

pressures brought about by supply chain disruptions and

geopolitical tensions, particularly the Ukraine crisis. This can

affect private consumption, lead to reduced profit margins due

to rising input costs and slowdown the recovery in the private

sector capital expenditure cycle.

In an effort to contain inflation, the RBI on May 4, 2022 in an off

cycle announcement, hiked the policy rate by 40 basis points

to 4.4 per cent and increased the Cash Reserve Ratio by 50

basis points to 4.5 per cent. It further hiked the Repo Rate by

another 50 points to 4.90 per cent in the June 8, 2022 Monetary

Policy announcement.

To sum up, despite the current headwinds, India is expected

to be the fastest growing economy in the world in FY 2022-

23, clocking a 7.3 per cent growth rate, and is well poised to

withstand any external volatility and shocks.

(For more details, please refer to the Macroeconomic and

Industry section on page no. 135)

In spite of the challenges, your Bank continued on its growth

path by conducting its business responsibly and reinforcing its

commitment to the environment and community at large.

Financial Parameters

Your Bank recorded an improvement in a majority of its key

financial parameters, largely due to its prudent credit evaluation

of targeted customers and diversified loan book across

customer segments, products, and sectors. Managing risk-

return decisions with discipline was an important element in

the Bank’s performance. Net Profit at ` 36,961.3 crore went up

by 18.8 per cent. Net Interest Income at ` 72,009.6 crore rose

11.0 per cent. Net Interest Margin stood at 4.0 per cent. Gross

Non-Performing Assets (NPAs) at 1.17 per cent was among the

lowest in the industry.

GNPA

1.17 per cent

Among the lowest in the industry

Parivartan

Your Bank continued to transform lives through its umbrella CSR

brand, Parivartan, which denotes change.

The Bank believes that businesses can only prosper if the

communities in which they operate prosper as well. This belief

has inspired its social initiatives, which have potentially made a

difference to the lives of over 9.6 crore people, predominantly

in rural India. Driving this change is the Sustainable Livelihood

Initiative (SLI) team, which works on improving livelihood

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director for administrative purposes.

The Compliance function independently tracks, reviews and

ensures compliance with regulatory guidelines and promotes a

compliance culture in the Bank.

Your Bank has a comprehensive Know Your Customer,

Anti Money Laundering (AML) and Combating Financing of

Terrorism (CFT) policy (based on the RBI guidelines/provisions

of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002) incorporating

the key elements of Customer Acceptance Policy, Customer

Identification Procedures, Risk Management and Monitoring of

Transactions. The policy is subjected to an annual review and is

duly approved by the Board.

Your Bank besides having robust controls in place to ensure

adherence to the KYC guidelines at the time of account opening

also has monitoring process at various stages of the customer

lifecycle including a continuous review process in the form of

transaction monitoring carried out by a dedicated AML CFT

monitoring team, which carries out transaction reviews for

identification of suspicious patterns/trends that enables your

Bank to further carry out enhanced due diligence (wherever

required) and appropriate actions thereafter. The status of

adherence to the KYC, AML and CFT guidelines is also placed

before the Audit Committee of the Board for their review at

quarterly intervals.

The Audit team and the Compliance team undergo regular

training both in-house and external to equip them with the

necessary knowhow and expertise to carry out the function.

The Audit Committee of the Board reviews the effectiveness

of controls, compliance with regulatory guidelines as also the

performance of the Audit and Compliance functions in your Bank

and provides direction, wherever deemed fit. Your Bank has

always adhered to the highest standards of compliance and

has put in place appropriate controls and risk measurement

and risk management tools to ensure a robust compliance and

governance structure.

G) Performance of Subsidiary Companies

Your Bank has two subsidiaries, HDB Financial Services Limited

(HDBFSL) and HDFC Securities Limited (HSL). HDBFSL is a

leading NBFC that caters primarily to segments not covered

by the Bank while HSL is among India’s leading retail broking

firms. The financial results of the subsidiaries are prepared in

accordance with notified Indian Accounting Standards (‘Ind-AS’).

The detailed financial performance of the companies is

given below.

Transacting customers of hSl

12.73 lakh

HDFC Securities Limited (HSL)

HSL’s Total Income under Indian Accounting Standards was

` 1,990.30 crore as against ` 1,399.43 crore in the previous

year and Net Profit was ` 984.34 crore as against ` 703.22

crore in the previous year. The company has a customer base of

38.30 lakh to whom it offers an exhaustive range of investment

and protection products. In the year under review, HSL had

12.73 lakh transacting customers. The focus on digitalisation

continued. Notably, 91 per cent of its customers accessed its

services digitally, against 92 per cent in the previous year.

In a conscious effort to rationalise the distribution network

with greater emphasis on digital offerings, HSL consolidated

its existing branches to end with 216 branches across 147

cities / towns at the end of the year. It created digital Boarding

Journeys which led to more than 50 per cent customers being

onboarded digitally.

In the case of Margin Trade Funding (MTF), the average book

size during the year was ` 2,992 crore, which is more than three

times the average book size of ` 930 crore in the last financial

year. The book size at the year end stands at ` 3,288 crore.

Nifty rose right from the beginning of FY 2021-22 to touch a peak

in mid-October 2021. It corrected later to a low in early March

2022. An upward bounce later led to Nifty closing the fiscal not

very far from the all-time high of October 2021. The Indian equity

market gave solid returns in FY 2021-22, despite geopolitical

turmoil playing spoilsport in the last quarter of the financial

year. Nifty50 recorded an impressive 19 per cent year-on-year

gain and ended the financial year with the second-best returns

in seven years. Broader markets also put up an impressive

performance. The Nifty Midcap 100, up more than 25 per cent

y-o-y, and the Nifty Smallcap 100, up more than 29 per cent

y-o-y, out performed the benchmark in FY 2021-22. Sectoral

indices also posted decent performance during this period.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter in a closed / sealed envelope addressed

to Whistle Blower committee, (b) by submission of the same

on the information portal of the Bank, (c) by way of an email

addressed to whistleblower@hdfcbank.com. In exceptional

circumstances, the Whistle Blower may make such Protected

Disclosures directly to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee

of the Bank.

All Protected Disclosures received under this Policy would be

examined by the Whistle Blower Committee and further assign the

investigation to an appropriate Investigation Officer(s) depending

on the nature of the subject matter of the Protected Disclosure.

The Investigation Authority shall place the investigation report in

respect of any Protected Disclosure before the Whistle Blower

Committee together with any other supporting documents

which may be required by the Whistle Blower Committee and

shall discuss the findings of the investigation with the Whistle

Blower Committee. After review of the investigation report

and the requisite supporting documents, the Whistle Blower

Committee shall take the necessary actions in relation to the

Protected Disclosure.

Details of Whistle blower complaints received and subsequent

action taken and the functioning of the Whistle Blower

mechanism are reviewed periodically by the Audit Committee

of the Board. During the financial year 2021-22, a total of 147

such complaints were received and taken up for investigation

which has resulted in certain staff actions in 47 cases post

investigation. The broad categories of whistle blower complaints

were in the areas of improper business practices, behavioural

related issues and corruption.

The Policy is available on the website of the Bank at the link-

https://www.hdfcbank.com/personal/about-us/corporate-

governance/codes-and-policies

Securities Class Action Suit

On September 3, 2020, a securities class action lawsuit was filed

against the Bank and certain of its current and former officers in

the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New

York. The complaint was amended on February 8, 2021. The

amended complaint alleges that the Bank, its former Managing

Director, Mr. Aditya Puri, and the present: Managing

Managing Director. Successors are identified prior to the Senior

Management positions falling vacant, to ensure a smooth and

seamless transition.

Succession planning is a continuous process which is periodically

reviewed by the NRC and the Board.

Significant and Material Orders Passed by

Regulators

1)

Reserve Bank of India (RBI) by an order dated May 27, 2021,

levied a penalty of `10 cores (Rupees ten crores only) for

marketing and sale of third-party non-financial products

to the Bank’s auto loan customers, arising from a whistle

blower complaint, which revealed, inter alia, contravention

of Section 6(2) and Section 8 of the Banking Regulation

Act, 1949. The Bank has discontinued the sale of said

third-party non-financial product since October 2019.

The penalty was paid by the Bank.

2)

SEBI issued final order on January 21, 2021, levying a

penalty of `1 crore on the Bank, in the matter of invocation

of securities pledged by BMA Wealth Creators (BRH

Wealth Kreators) for availing credit facilities. SEBI has also

directed the Bank to transfer sale proceeds of ` 158.68

crores on invocation of securities, along with interest to

escrow account with a nationalised bank by marking lien

in favour of SEBI. The Bank had challenged SEBI's order

before SAT and SAT, vide its interim order, have stayed

operation of SEBI’s order. SAT, vide its final order dated

February 18, 2022, allowed the Bank’s appeal and quashed

SEBI’s Order.

3)

RBI has issued an Order dated December 02, 2020 (“Order”)

to HDFC Bank Limited (the “Bank”) with regard to certain

incidents of outages in the internet banking/mobile banking/

payment utilities of the Bank over the past 2 years, including

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter

dated August 17, 2021, has relaxed the restriction placed

on sourcing of new credit cards customers and further vide

its: letter dated March 11, 2022 has lifted the restrictions on

the business generating activities planned under the Bank’s

Digital 2.0 program.

directors and Key Managerial Personnel

In compliance with Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013,

Mrs. Renu Karnad will retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual

General Meeting and is eligible for re-appointment. A resolution

seeking shareholders’ approval for her re-appointment forms

a part of the Notice of this AGM. A brief resume is furnished

in the report on Corporate Governance for the information

of shareholders.

During the year, Mr. Atanu Chakraborty was appointed as the

Part-time

Managing Director

and CEO

Part-time Chairman and

Independent Director

Mumbai, June 10, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Executive Director during FY 2021-22.

** Exited during the year

ii. Other employees who receive a grant in any one year of options amounting to

5 % or more of options granted during that year

None

iii. Identified employees who were granted options, during any one year, equal to

or exceeding 1 percent of the issued capital (excluding outstanding warrants and

conversions)

None

iv. Diluted Earnings Per Share (EPS) pursuant to the issue of shares on exercise

of option calculated in accordance with Accounting Standard (AS) - 20 (Earnings

Per Share)

The diluted EPS of the Bank calculated after considering the

effect of potential equity shares arising on account of exercise

of options is ` 66.3

v. Where the company has calculated the employee compensation cost using

the intrinsic value of the stock options, the difference between the employee

compensation cost so computed and the employee compensation cost that shall

have been recognized if it had used the fair value of the options, shall be disclosed.

The impact of this difference on profits and on EPS of the company shall also be

disclosed

During the year, the compensation cost for options granted

has been recognised basis the fair value of the options

calculated based on the Black-Scholes model

vi. Weighted average exercise prices and weighted average fair values of options

shall be disclosed separately for options whose exercise price either equals or

exceeds or is less than the market price of the stock options

The weighted average price of the stock options exercised

is ` 796.5 and the weighted average fair value is ` 214.98

vii. A description of the method and significant assumptions used during the year

to estimate the fair value of options, at the time of grant including the following

weighted average information:

The Bank adopted the Fair value method to account for the

stock options it granted to the employees during the year. The

Bank calculated the fair value of options at the time of grant,

using Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions

I. Risk-free interest rate

4.38 percent to 6.07 percent

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

(Chairperson, CSR and ESG Committee)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

147 : 1*

Kaizad Bharucha, Executive Director

136 : 1*

*In case of: Managing Director & CEO and the Executive Director, the

Bank has considered the annualised fixed pay for the computation of

ratios. Fixed pay includes - salary, allowances, retiral benefits as well

as value of perquisites as approved by the Reserve Bank of India.

Variable Pay has been excluded from the same.

For the Directors other than Managing Director & CEO and Executive

Director, the actual remuneration paid during the year 2021–22 has

been considered while calculating the ratio of remuneration to the

median employees’ remuneration.

Note:

1.

Mr. Atanu Chakraborty was appointed as the Part

Time

letter dated August

17, 2021, have relaxed the restriction placed on sourcing

of new credit cards customers and further vide its: letter

dated March 11, 2022 have lifted the restrictions on the

business generating activities planned under the Bank’s

Digital 2.0 program.

We further report that:

(a) The Board of

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of

this report.

Annexure A

To

The Members,

HDFC Bank Limited

Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along with

this: letter.

1.

The compliance of provisions of all laws, rules, regulations,

standards applicable to HDFC Bank Limited (hereinafter

called ‘the Bank’) is the responsibility of the management

of the Bank. Our examination was limited to the verification

of records and procedures on test check basis for the

purpose of issue of the Secretarial Audit Report.

2.

Maintenance of secretarial and other records of applicable

laws is the responsibility of the management of the Bank.

Our responsibility is to issue Secretarial Audit Report,

based on the audit of the relevant records maintained and

furnished to us by the Bank, along with explanations where

so required.

3.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial and other

legal records, legal compliance mechanism and corporate

conduct. Further part of the verification was done on the

basis of electronic data provided to us by the Bank due to

COVID-19 Pandemic restrictions and on test check basis to

ensure that correct facts as reflected in secretarial and other

records produced to us. We believe that the processes

and practices we followed, provides a reasonable basis

for our opinion for the purpose of issue of the Secretarial

Audit Report.

4.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Bank.

5.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management

representation about list of applicable laws, compliance

of laws, rules and regulations and major events during the

audit period.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Bank nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Bank.

Place : Mumbai

ALWYN JAY & Co.

Date : June 10, 2022

Company Secretaries

Office Address :

[Alwyn D’Souza, FCS.5559]

Annex-103, Dimple Arcade,

[Partner]

Asha Nagar, Kandivali (East),

[Certificate of Practice No.5137]

Mumbai 400101.

[UDIN : F005559D000481232]

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director & CEO

Membership Number: 117812

Membership Number: 044577

Kaizad Bharucha

Srinivasan Vaidyanathan

Executive Director

Chief Financial Officer

Santosh Haldankar

Mumbai, April 16, 2022

Company Secretary

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership Number: 117812

Membership Number: 044577

Kaizad Bharucha

Srinivasan Vaidyanathan

Executive Director

Chief Financial Officer

Santosh Haldankar

Mumbai, April 16, 2022

Company Secretary

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership Number: 117812

Membership Number: 044577

Kaizad Bharucha

Srinivasan Vaidyanathan

Executive Director

Chief Financial Officer

Santosh Haldankar

Mumbai, April 16, 2022

Company Secretary

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of credit,

annual locker rent fees and annual fees for credit cards

are recognised on a straight-line basis over the period

of contract. Other fees and commission income are

recognised when due, where the Bank is reasonably

certain of ultimate collection.

Fees paid / received for priority sector lending certificates

(PSLC) is recognised on straight-line basis over the period

of the certificate.

9

employee benefits

employee Stock option Scheme (eSoS):

The Employee Stock Option Scheme (‘the Scheme’)

provides for the grant of options to acquire equity shares

of the Bank to its employees and whole time directors.

The options granted to employees vest as per their vesting

schedule and these may be exercised by the employees

within a specified period.

The Bank follows the intrinsic value method to account for

its stock-based employee compensation plans in respect of

options granted up to March 31, 2021. Compensation cost

is measured by the excess, if any, of the market price of

the underlying stock over the exercise price as determined

under the option plan. The market price is the closing

price on the stock exchange where there is highest trading

volume on the working day immediately preceding the date

of grant. Compensation cost, if any is amortised over the

vesting period.

Effective April 01, 2021, the fair value of share-linked

instruments on the date of grant for all instruments granted

after March 31, 2021 is recognised as an expense in

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director / Material Risk Takers and certain employees

in select strategic roles, a signon bonus, if any, is limited to the first year only and would be in the form of

Employee Stock Options.

Severance Pay

The Bank does not grant severance pay other than accrued benefits (such as gratuity, pension) except in cases

where it is mandated by any statute.

Hedging

The Bank does not provide any facility or fund or permit its Whole Time Directors and employees to insure or hedge

their compensation structure to offset the risk alignment effects embedded in their compensation arrangement.

Statutory Bonus

Some employees are also paid statutory bonus as per the Payment of Bonus Act, 1965 as amended from time

to time.

III. Remuneration Processes

Fitment at the time of Hire

Pay scales at the Bank are set basis the job size, experience, location and the academic and professional credentials

of the incumbent.

The compensation of new hires is in line with the existing pay ranges and consistent with the compensation levels of

the existing employees of the Bank at similar profiles. The pay ranges are subject to change basis market trends and

the Bank’s talent management priorities. While the Bank believes in the internal equity and parity as a key determinant

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter

dated – April 29, 2021. The above

amount is not included in the variable

pay awarded this year as it pertains to

the previous year.

` 117.73 crore (Fixed*)

` 29.85 crore (variable pay pertaining

to financial year ended March 31,

2020, in relation to employees where

there was no deferment of pay)

` 1.67 crore (variable pay pertaining to

financial year ended March 31, 2020,

in relation to employees where there

was a deferment of pay), of which `

1.00 crore was non-deferred variable

pay and ` 0.67 crore was deferred

variable pay.

The Bank’s erstwhile managing

director, Mr. Aditya Puri, was paid a

one-time lump sum payment of ` 3.50

crore on retirement in accordance with

the approval received from the RBI.

The approval of the RBI on the fixed

pay revision effective April 1, 2020 and

the variable pay of the Bank’s Whole

Time Directors for the financial year

ended March 31, 2020 is awaited.

Number of stock options granted

during the financial year: 85,42,800

The approval of the RBI in relation to

grant of stock options to the Bank’s

Whole Time Directors for the year

ended March 31, 2020 is awaited.

(e) (i)

Total amount of outstanding deferred

remuneration and retained remuneration

exposed to ex-post explicit and / or

implicit adjustments

1. Cash bonus - ` 18.53 crore

2. ^Employee Stock Options (ESOP) -

31,66,000 Options

Cash bonus - ` 3.91 crore.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

managing director to the mean pay

of the Bank as a whole is 94:1 as of

March 31, 2022.

The ratio of the fixed pay of the other

whole time director to the mean pay

of the Bank as a whole is 87:1 as of

March 31, 2022.

The mean pay for the Bank as a whole

is ` 0.07 crore as of March 31, 2021.

The ratio of the fixed pay of the: managing director to the mean pay

of the Bank as a whole is 90:1 as of

March 31, 2021.

The ratio of the fixed pay of the other

whole time director to the mean pay

of the Bank as a whole is 77:1 as of

March 31, 2021.

*

Excludes gratuity benefits, since the same is computed at Bank level.

^

In accordance with the RBI guidelines, Employee Stock Options are to be included as part of variable pay. The number of options reported as

part of deferred remuneration comprise of Employee Stock Options granted during the financial year 2021-22 (as part of non cash variable pay)

and are yet to be vested. The first pay out in line with the extant RBI guidelines came into force effective April 01, 2021.

26. Segment reporting

Business segments

Business segments have been identified and reported taking into account, the target customer profile, the nature of products

and services, the differing risks and returns, the organisation structure, the internal business reporting system and the guidelines

prescribed by RBI. The Bank operates in the following segments:

a)

Treasury

The treasury segment primarily consists of net interest earnings from the Bank’s investment portfolio, money market

borrowing and lending, gains or losses on investment operations and on account of trading in foreign exchange and

derivative contracts.

b)

Retail banking

The retail banking segment serves retail customers through the Bank’s branch network and other channels. This segment

raises deposits from customers and provides loans and other services to customers with the help of specialist product

groups. Exposures are classified under retail banking taking into account the status of the borrower (orientation criterion),

the nature of product, granularity of the exposure and the quantum thereof.

Revenues of the retail banking segment are derived from interest earned on retail loans, interest earned from other

segments for surplus funds placed with those segments, subvention received from dealers and manufacturers, fees from

services rendered, foreign exchange earnings on retail products, etc. Expenses of this segment primarily comprise interest

expense on deposits, commission paid to retail assets sales agents, infrastructure and premises expenses for operating

the branch network and other delivery channels, personnel costs, other direct overheads and allocated expenses of

specialist product groups, processing units and support groups.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

Kaizad Bharucha, Executive Director

Relatives of key management personnel and their interested entities

Nagsri Sashidhar, Jagdishan Chandrasekharan, Dhruv Sashidhar, Mythra Mahesh, Mahesh Babu Ramamurthy, Havovi

Bharucha, Huzaan Bharucha, Danesh Bharucha, Daraius Bharucha, Dilnaaz D Bharucha, Nagsri - Creating Special Memories.

The significant transactions between the Bank and related parties for year ended March 31, 2022 are given below. A specific

related party transaction is a significant transaction wherever it exceeds 10% of all related party transactions in that category:

•

Interest paid: HDB Financial Services Limited ` 5.47 crore (previous year: ` 12.78 crore); Housing Development Finance

Corporation Limited ` 20.43 crore (previous year: ` 10.80 crore).

•

Interest received: HDB Financial Services Limited ` 498.75 crore (previous year: ` 439.87 crore).

•

Rendering of services: Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited ` 463.93 crore (previous year: ` 324.65 crore).

•

Receiving of services: HDB Financial Services Limited ` 2,749.25 crore (previous year: ` 2,346.93 crore); Housing

Development Finance Corporation Limited ` 720.16 crore (previous year: ` 589.87 crore).

•

Dividend paid: Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited ` 562.00 crore (previous year: Nil).

•

Dividend received: HDFC Securities Limited ` 830.90 crore (previous year: ` 483.04 crore).

The Bank’s related party balances and transactions for the year ended March 31, 2022 are summarised

as follows:

(` crore)

Items / Related party

Promoter

Subsidiaries

Key

Management

personnel

(KMP)

Relatives of

KMP & their

interested

entities

Total

Deposits taken

2,741.49

1,195.53

4.54

1.43

3,942.99

(5,132.37)

(1,668.62)

(23.02)

(1.43)

(6,825.44)

Deposits placed

0.32

10.62

-

-

10.94

(0.32)

(10.62)

-

-

(10.94)

Advances given

-

6,067.14

0.55

#

6,067.69

-

(6,067.14)

(0.73)

(0.01)

(6,067.88)

Fixed assets purchased from

-

-

-

-

-

Fixed assets sold to

-

-

-

-

-

Interest paid to

20.43

5.61

0.98

0.04

27.06

Interest received from

-

498.75

0.02

-

498.77

Income from services rendered to

463.93

72.23

#

#

536.16

Expenses for receiving services from

720.16

2,774.86

-

-

3,495.02

Equity investments

-

3,826.49

-

-

3,826.49

-

(3,826.49)

-

-

(3,826.49)

Other investments

-

5,105.62

-

-

5,105.62

-

(5,105.62)

-

-

(5,105.62)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership Number: 117812

Membership Number: 044577

Kaizad Bharucha

Srinivasan Vaidyanathan

Executive Director

Chief Financial Officer

Santosh Haldankar

Mumbai, April 16, 2022

Company Secretary

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership Number: 117812

Membership Number: 044577

Kaizad Bharucha

Srinivasan Vaidyanathan

Executive Director

Chief Financial Officer

Santosh Haldankar

Mumbai, April 16, 2022

Company Secretary

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership Number: 117812

Membership Number: 044577

Kaizad Bharucha

Srinivasan Vaidyanathan

Executive Director

Chief Financial Officer

Santosh Haldankar

Mumbai, April 16, 2022

Company Secretary

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership Number: 117812

Membership Number: 044577

Kaizad Bharucha

Srinivasan Vaidyanathan

Executive Director

Chief Financial Officer

Santosh Haldankar

Mumbai, April 16, 2022

Company Secretary

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of credit,

annual locker rent fees and annual fees for credit cards

are recognised on a straight-line basis over the period

of contract. Other fees and commission income are

recognised when due, where the Bank is reasonably

certain of ultimate collection.

•

Fees paid / received for priority sector lending

certificates (PSLC) is recognised on straight-line basis

over the period of the certificate.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

managing director and

directors (excluding Independent Directors) of the Company, each of which is convertible into one equity share.

Scheme ESOS - II provides for the issuance of options at the recommendation of the Compensation Committee of the Board of

Directors (the “Compensation Committee”) in February 2017 at a price of ` 1,136/- per share, in June 2019 at a price of ` 4,844/-

per share, in December 2020 at a price of ` 5,458/- per share, in September 2021 at a price of ` 6,098/- per share and later

in January 2022 at a price of ` 8,051/- per share, being the fair market value of the share arrived by considering the average

price of the two independent valuation reports. Method of settlement of these options are equity shares of the Company.

Such options vest at definitive dates, save for specific incidents, prescribed in the scheme as framed / approved by the

Compensation Committee. Such options are exercisable for a period following the vesting at the discretion of the

Compensation Committee.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

Kaizad Bharucha, Executive Director

Relatives of key management personnel and their interested entities

Nagsri Sashidhar, Jagdishan Chandrasekharan, Dhruv Sashidhar, Mythra Mahesh, Mahesh Babu Ramamurthy, Havovi

Bharucha, Huzaan Bharucha, Danesh Bharucha, Daraius Bharucha, Dilnaaz D Bharucha, Nagsri - Creating Special Memories.

A specific related party transaction is a significant transaction wherever it exceeds 10% of all related party transactions in that

category. Transactions between the Bank and Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited exceed 10% of all related

party transactions in that category.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership Number: 117812

Membership Number: 044577

Kaizad Bharucha

Srinivasan Vaidyanathan

Executive Director

Chief Financial Officer

Santosh Haldankar

Mumbai, April 16, 2022

Company Secretary

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Kaizad Bharucha

Srinivasan Vaidyanathan

Executive Director

Chief Financial Officer

Santosh Haldankar

Mumbai, April 16, 2022

Company Secretary

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Director

Stakeholders’

Relationship

Committee

Audit

Committee

Risk Policy &

Monitoring

Committee

Other

Committees

Corporate Governance Framework

External and

Internal Auditors

•

The Board of Directors of the Bank are the ultimate

custodians of governance.

•

The Board of Directors are accountable to various

stakeholders such as shareholders, regulatory authorities

including Reserve Bank of India, Securities and Exchange

Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, etc.

•

The Bank has an engaged, experienced, diverse and a

well-informed Board. Through the governance framework

in the Bank, the Board along with its Committees, each

with defined roles, undertakes its responsibilities towards

all its stakeholders.

•

The joint Statutory Auditors have a reporting responsibility

to the Audit Committee.

•

The: Managing

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer)

ii. Mr. Kaizad Bharucha

2 Non-Executive

Directors

Mrs. Renu Karnad (Nominee of Housing

Development Finance Corporation Limited,

Promoter of the Bank)

3 Independent

Directors

i. Mr. Atanu Chakraborty (Part-time Chairman &

Independent Director)

ii. Mr. Sanjiv Sachar

iii. Mr. Umesh Chandra Sarangi

iv. Mr. Sandeep Parekh

v. Mr. Malay Patel

vi. Mr. M. D. Ranganath

vii. Dr. (Mrs.) Sunita Maheshwari

viii.Mrs. Lily Vadera

Mr. Atanu Chakraborty, was appointed as the Part-time Chairman

& Independent Director of the Bank with effect from May 5, 2021,

pursuant to the approval granted by the Reserve Bank of India,

and by the shareholders of the Bank at the 27th Annual General

Meeting held on July 17, 2021.

Mrs. Lily Vadera was appointed as an Independent Director of

the Bank for a period of five (5) years from November 26, 2021

to November 25, 2026 (both days inclusive), not liable to retire

by rotation and the same was approved by the shareholders of

the Bank through Postal Ballot on March 27, 2022.

Mr. Srikanth Nadhamuni tendered his resignation as Non-

Executive (Non-Independent) Director of Bank with effect from

February 18, 2022.

Further, at the meeting of the Board of Directors held on April

16, 2022, Mrs. Renu Karnad has been re-appointed as the Non-

Executive Director (Nominee of Housing Development Finance

Corporation Limited, Promoter of the Bank) on the Board of the

Bank, for a period of five (5) years with effect from September 3,

2022, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing

Annual General Meeting.

All the Directors have made necessary disclosures regarding

their directorship and committee positions occupied by them in

other companies. None of the directors are related to each other.

Details of directorships, memberships and chairpersonships of

the committees of other companies for the current Directors of

the Bank are as follows:

Name of Director

Directorships

on the Board

of other

companies*

Memberships of

committees of other

companies*

Mr. Atanu Chakraborty

2

-

Mr. Kaizad Bharucha

-

-

Mrs. Lily Vadera

-

-

Mr. Malay Patel

2

1

Mr. M. D. Ranganath

-

-

Mrs. Renu Karnad

11 (1)**

5 (3)

Mr. Sandeep Parekh

1

-

Mr. Sanjiv Sachar

1

-

Mr. Sashidhar Jagdishan

-

-

Dr. (Mrs.) Sunita Maheshwari

6

-

Mr. Umesh Chandra Sarangi

1

-

* The figures in brackets indicate chairpersonships.

**Mrs. Karnad tendered her resignation from Unitech Limited with effect

from March 24, 2022, and completion of necessary formalities is awaited,

including placing the same before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India, for

its kind consideration.

Note: For the purpose of considering the limit of the directorships

and limits of committees on which the directors are members /

chairpersons, all public limited companies (whether listed or not),

private limited companies, foreign companies and companies

under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013 have been

included. Further, chairpersonships / memberships of only the

Audit Committee and the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

in these companies have been considered.

Profile of Board of Directors

The profile of the Directors of the Bank as on the date of this

report are as under:

Mr. Atanu Chakraborty (DIN 01469375)

[Part-time Chairman and Independent Director]

Mr. Atanu Chakraborty, aged sixty-two (62) years, served the

Government of India, for a period of thirty-five (35) years, as

a member of Indian Administrative Service (IAS) in Gujarat

cadre. He has mainly worked in areas of Finance & Economic

Policy, Infrastructure, Petroleum & Natural Gas. In the Union

Government, he held various posts such as Secretary to

Government of India in the Ministry of Finance- Department of

Economic Affairs (DEA) during FY 2019-20. As Secretary (DEA),

he co-ordinated economic policy making for all ministries/

departments and managed entire process of formulation

of budget making for Union of India, including its passage in

Parliament. He was responsible for fiscal management policies,

policies for public debt management and development &

management of financial markets.

Mr. Chakraborty also handled financial stability and currency,

domestic & foreign related issues as well. He managed flow of

funds with multilateral and bilateral financial institutions and had

multiple interfaces with them. He also headed a multi-disciplinary

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO]

Mr. Sashidhar Jagdishan, aged fifty-seven (57) years, has an

overall experience of thirty (30) years. He has completed his

graduation in Science with specialization in Physics, is a

Chartered Accountant by profession and holds a Master’s

degree in Economics of Money, Banking & Finance from the

University of Sheffield, United Kingdom.

Mr. Jagdishan joined the Bank in the year 1996 as a Manager

in the Finance function. He became Business Head - Finance

in 1999 and was appointed as Chief Financial Officer in the year

2008. He played a critical role in supporting the growth trajectory

of the Bank, and led the finance function with a pivotal role in

aligning the organization in achieving the strategic objectives

over the years.

Prior to his appointment as: Managing

Managing Director)

HDFC ERGO General Insurance

Company Limited

(Non-Executive Director)

HDFC Asset Management

Company Limited

(Non-Executive Director)

Bangalore International Airport

Limited

(Independent Director)

HDFC Life Insurance Company

Limited

(Non-Executive Director)

GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals

Limited

(Non-Executive Director)

Unitech Limited

(Nominee of the Central

Government)*

*(Mrs. Karnad tendered her resignation from Unitech Limited with effect

from March 24, 2022 and completion of necessary formalities is awaited,

including placing the same before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India, for

its kind consideration.)

Mrs. Karnad, along with her relatives, holds 5,95,320 equity

shares in the Bank as on March 31, 2022.

Dr. (Mrs.) Sunita Maheshwari (DIN 01641411)

[Independent Director]

Dr. (Mrs.) Sunita Maheshwari aged fifty-six (56) years is a US

Board certified Pediatric Cardiologist, and completed her MBBS

at Osmania Medical College followed by post-graduation at

AIIMS, Delhi and Yale University in the US. With over thirty (30)

years of experience, she has lived and worked in the US and

India. In addition to being a clinician, Dr. (Mrs.) Maheshwari is a

medical entrepreneur and co-founder at:

(a) Teleradiology Solutions (India’s first and largest teleradiology

company that has provided over 5 million diagnostic reports

to patients and hospitals globally including for the Tripura

state government),

(b) Telrad Tech which builds AI enabled tele health software and

(c) RXDX healthcare - a chain of multi-specialty neighbourhood

clinics in Bangalore.

She has also incubated other start-up companies in the tele-

health space such as Healtheminds - a tele-counselling

platform. She is active in the social arena in India where she

runs 2 trust funds. ‘People4people’ has put up over 450

playgrounds in government schools and Telrad Foundation

provides teleradiology and telemedicine services to poor areas

in Asia that do not have access to high quality medical care. Her

other interests include teaching - she has been running India’s

e-teaching program for postgraduates in Pediatric Cardiology for

over a decade. In 2019, she helped the Kerala National health

mission Hridayam launch e-classes in pediatric cardiology for

pediatricians in the state.

She has over 200 academic presentations and publications to

her credit and is an inspirational speaker having given over 200

lectures, including several TEDx talks. Dr. (Mrs.) Maheshwari is

the recipient of several prestigious awards and honours including:

WOW (Woman of Worth) 2019 award, Outlook Business; 50

most powerful women of India, March 2016; Amazing Indian

award- Times Now 2014; Top 20 women Health care achievers

in India, Modern Medicare 2009; Yale University- Outstanding

Fellow Teacher of the Year Award, 1995, amongst others.

Dr. (Mrs.) Maheshwari is on the Board of the following public

company(ies):

Listed Public Limited Companies

Other Public Limited Companies

Glaxosmithkline Pharmaceuticals

Limited

(Independent Director)

-

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and other Executive Directors

The details of the remuneration paid to Mr. Sashidhar Jagdishan,: Managing

letter dated

December 04, 2020 imposed a monetary penalty

of `10 lacs on the Bank for bouncing of SGL, which

lead to shortage of balance in certain securities in the

Bank’s CSGL account on November 19, 2020. The

Bank has since enhanced its review mechanism so

as to ensure that such incidents do not recur.

•

SEBI issued final order on January 21, 2021, levying

a penalty of `1 crore on the Bank, in the matter of

invocation of securities pledged by BMA Wealth

Creators (BRH Wealth Kreators) for availing credit

facilities. SEBI has also directed the Bank to transfer

sale proceeds of ` 158.68 crores on invocation of

securities, along with interest to escrow account with

a nationalised bank by marking lien in favour of SEBI.

The Bank had challenged SEBI's order before SAT

and SAT, vide its interim order, have stayed operation

of SEBI’s order. SAT, vide its final order dated February

18, 2022, allowed the Bank’s appeal and quashed

SEBI’s Order.

B. Restrictions imposed:

RBI has issued an Order dated December 02, 2020

(“Order”) to HDFC Bank Limited (the “Bank”) with regard

to certain incidents of outages in the internet banking/

mobile banking/ payment utilities of the Bank over the

past 2 years, including the outages in the Bank’s internet

banking and payment system on November 21, 2020

due to a power failure in the primary data centre. RBI,

vide above order, advised the Bank (a) to stop all digital

business generating activities planned under its ‘Digital

2.0’ and proposed Business generating applications digital

also imposed restrictions and (b) to stop sourcing of new

credit card customers. The Bank has initiated remedial

activities including fixing of staff accountability and the

same were communicated to the RBI. Basis the Bank’s

submission, RBI vide its: letter dated August 17, 2021, has

relaxed the restriction placed on sourcing of new credit

cards customers and further vide its letter dated March 11,

2022 has lifted the restrictions on the business generating

activities planned under the Bank’s Digital 2.0 program.

FY 2019-20

RBI has, vide its order dated June 13, 2019, imposed a monetary

penalty of ` 10 million on the Bank for non-compliance with

directions issued by RBI on Know Your Customer (KYC)/ Anti-

Money Laundering (AML) Norms and on reporting of frauds. The

penalty has been imposed in exercise of powers vested in RBI

under the provisions of Section 47A(1)(c) read with Section 46(4)(i)

of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. In the instant case, the Bank

had made a reference to the Custom Authorities for verification of

Bill of Entry submitted by certain importers. Examination of these

customers revealed violations of RBI directions on ‘KYC/AML

norms’ and on reporting of frauds. The penalty was paid by the

Bank. The Bank has taken necessary measures to strengthen its

internal control mechanisms so as to ensure that such incidents

do not recur.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the Bank.

e)

Reporting of Internal Auditor

The Internal Auditor of the Bank reports to the Audit Committee

of the Bank.

OWNERSHIP RIGHTS

The Bank seeks to protect and facilitate the exercise of the rights

of its shareholders including the following:

•

To carry out transmission / transposition and deletion

of name on the share certificates(s) and receive the duly

endorsed share certificates within the period prescribed in

the SEBI Listing Regulations.

•

To receive notice of general meetings, annual report,

the balance sheet and profit and loss account and the

auditor’s report.

•

To attend and speak in person, at general meetings.

•

To appoint proxy to attend and vote at the general meetings.

In case the member is a body corporate, to appoint a

representative to attend and vote at the general meetings

of the company on its behalf.

•

Proxy can vote on a poll. In case of vote on poll, the number

of votes of a shareholder is proportionate to the number

of equity shares held by him. In case of the 28th Annual

General Meeting of the Bank which will be conducted by

Video-Conferencing /Other Audio-Visual Means pursuant

to the relevant MCA circulars, physical attendance of the

shareholders has been dispensed with and accordingly, the

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

June 10, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer,

HDFC Bank

9. Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/

Director responsible for decision making on sustainability

related issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide details

Yes. Please refer ‘Governance’ section of this report

10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:

Performance against above policies and follow up action

Indicate whether review was undertaken by Director / Committee

of the Board / Any other Committee

Committees of the Board

Frequency (Annually / Half yearly / Quarterly / Any other - please

specify)

Annually

Compliance with statutory requirements of relevance to the principles, and, rectification of any non-compliances

Indicate whether review was undertaken by Director / Committee

of the Board / Any other Committee

Commi-

ttee

of the

Board

Frequency (Annually / Half yearly / Quarterly / Any other - please

specify)

Annually

11. Has the entity carried out independent assessment /

evaluation of the working of its policies by an external agency?

(Yes/No). If yes, provide name of the agency.

Y***

12. If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:

The entity does not consider the Principles material to its

business (Yes/No)

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to formulate

and implement the policies on specified principles (Yes/No)

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

The entity does not have the financial or/human and technical

resources available for the task (Yes/No)

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

It is planned to be done in the next financial year (Yes/No)

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

Any other reason (please specify)

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

** ‘Environment’ section of this report

# ‘Social -People’ and ‘Governance’ section of this report.

@ Communities’ section of this report.

*** All policies of the Bank are evaluated internally

All policies have been developed as a result of detailed consultations and research on the best practices adopted by banks and organisations across

the industry and as per the requirements of HDFC Bank

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Director's Report

Please refer to Section

1 of Annexure 5 to the:

letter issued by the competent authority

or any other evidences demonstrating the non-applicability

of Article 24 - Limitation of Relief under India-Singapore

Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA)

Application of beneficial DTAA rate shall depend upon the

completeness and satisfactory review by the Bank, of the

documents submitted by non-resident shareholders and

meeting requirements of the Act read with applicable DTAA. It

must be ensured that self-declaration should be addressed to

HDFC Bank and should be in the prescribed format. In absence

of the same, the Bank will not be obligated to apply the beneficial

DTAA rate at the time of tax deduction on dividend.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter mentioning the folio number,

duly signed by you, along with a cancelled cheque leaf with your

name and bank account details and a self-attested copy of your

PAN. This will facilitate receipt of dividend directly into your bank

account. In case the cancelled cheque leaf does not bear your

name, please attach a copy of the bank pass-book statement,

duly self-attested.

Disclaimer: The information set out herein above is included for

general information purposes only and does not constitute legal

or tax advice. Since the tax consequences are dependent on

facts and circumstances of each case, the investors are advised

to consult their own tax consultant with respect to specific tax

implications arising out of receipt of dividend.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

