Managing Director & CEO with effect from April 1, 2022:

RESOLVED THAT pursuant and subject to the provisions of Section

196 of the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable provisions, if

any, of the Companies Act, 2013, Section 34A and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Insurance Act, 1938 (including any amendment,

variation, statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof for the time

being in force) and subject to the approval of the Insurance Regulatory

and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) and provisions of the

Articles of Association of the Company, the remuneration of Mr. N. S.

Kannan (DIN: 00066009),: Managing

Letter, etc. together with attested

specimen signature(s) of the duly authorised representative(s), to

the Scrutiniser by email to info@mehta-mehta.com with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional shareholders (i.e.

other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board

Resolution/Power of Attorney/Authority: Letter etc. by clicking

on “Upload Board Resolution/Authority Letter” displayed under

“e-Voting” tab in their login.

5. Members can login and join the AGM thirty (30) minutes prior to the

scheduled time to start the AGM and the window for joining shall

be kept open till the expiry of thirty (30) minutes after the scheduled

time to start the AGM, on first-come-first-serve basis. However,

members holding 2% or more shareholding, promoters, institutional

investors, directors, key managerial personnel and auditors can join

and participate at the AGM anytime prior to the conclusion of the

Meeting. Instructions and other information for Members for attending

the AGM through VC/OAVM are given in this Notice.

6. The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/

OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under

Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.

7. Details as required under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and

Secretarial Standard on General Meeting (SS-2) issued by The Institute

of Company Secretaries of India, in respect of the

letter mentioning your name, folio number and complete

address (including email); ii) the share certificate (front and back)

and iii) the PAN Card and any one document (such as Aadhaar

Card, Driving License, Bank Statement, Election Card, Passport,

etc.) in support of the address of the member as registered

with the Company; to the email address of the Company i.e.

investor@iciciprulife.com.

b. In case shares are held in demat mode, members may obtain

the login ID and password by sending scanned copy of: i) a

signed request: letter mentioning your name, DPID-CLID (16

digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID); ii) client master

or copy of Consolidated Account statement and iii) the PAN

Card or Aadhaar Card to the email address of the Company i.e.

investor@iciciprulife.com. If the Member is an individual

shareholder holding securities in demat mode, he/she should refer

to the login method explained at Step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for

e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode.

c. Alternatively Members may send an e-mail request to

evoting@nsdl.co.in for obtaining User ID and Password by

proving the details mentioned in Point a. or b., as the case may be.

d. As per SEBI Circular dated December 9, 2020, individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to

vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories

and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update

their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account

in order to access e-Voting facility.

29. Instructions for members for attending the AGM through VC/OAVM

are as under:

a. Members will be able to attend the AGM through VC /

OAVM or view the live webcast of AGM provided by NSDL at

https://www.evoting.nsdl.com.

b. Members may access by following the steps mentioned above

for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful

login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join

General Meeting” menu against company name. Members are

requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join Meeting

menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/

Member/Creditor login where the EVEN of Company will be

displayed. Please note that the Members who do not have the

User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID

and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote

e-Voting instructions mentioned in the Notice to avoid last

minute rush.

c. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through laptops for

better experience.

d. Please note that Participants connecting from mobile devices

or tablets or through laptop connecting via mobile hotspot may

experience audio/video loss due to fluctuation in their respective

network. It is therefore recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN

connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

Managing Director.

Further, as per Section 152(6)(c) of the Act, the Director who has been

longest in office, since his/her last appointment shall be due to retire by

rotation at the AGM.

In accordance with the afore-stated provisions of the Act and the Articles

of Association of the Company, Mr. Sandeep Batra (DIN: 03620913), a

non-executive Director, shall be liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing

AGM. He, being eligible, has offered himself for re-appointment.

Mr. Sandeep Batra is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director,

under Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013. Necessary disclosures

pursuant to Regulation 36 (3) of SEBI Listing Regulations and Secretarial

Standard on General Meetings, with regard to the re-appointment of Mr.

Sandeep Batra, are provided in Annexure I to this Notice.

Except Mr. Sandeep Batra, none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel

and their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or

otherwise in the said resolution.

Your Directors recommend the ordinary resolution at Item No. 3 for your

approval.

Item No.4

Walker Chandiok & Co. LLP and B S R & Co. LLP are the Joint Statutory

Auditors of the Company.

Walker Chandiok & Co. LLP, bearing registration number 001076N/N500013

was appointed by the Company at its meeting held on June 25, 2021

to hold office up to the conclusion of the 26th AGM of the Company and

B S R & Co. LLP, bearing registration number 101248W/W-100022,

Chartered Accountants was appointed by the Company at its 19th AGM

held on July 17, 2019 to hold office up to the conclusion of the 24th AGM.

Further, for FY2022, the remuneration for each of the Joint Statutory

Auditors was ` 10.89 million plus out of pocket expenses (subject

to a maximum of five percent of the audit remuneration) and taxes

as applicable.

It is proposed to pay a revised remuneration of ` 11.98 million each i.e. total

remuneration of ` 23.96 million plus applicable taxes and reimbursement

of out of pocket expenses (subject to five percent of audit remuneration),

to the Joint Statutory Auditors, for FY2023.

The increase in the audit fees of 10% over the remuneration of FY2022 is

primarily on account of the increase in time spent on the overall audit and

increase in the related costs of carrying out the audit. The time spent on

the overall audit has increased with increased expectations from auditors

under the National Financial Reporting Authority (NFRA) and Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), coupled with new transactions

relating to derivative trades and reinsurance inward and increased

certification requirements upon issuance of listed non-convertible

debentures.

Pursuant to the Corporate Governance Guidelines for Insurers issued by the

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India, in 2016 and the

applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board of Directors,

on the basis of the recommendation of the Board Audit Committee, at its

Meeting held on May 17, 2022, have approved the revised remuneration

payable to the Joint Statutory Auditors, subject to the approval of the

Members.

Members are requested to consider and approve the revised remuneration

payable to the Joint Statutory Auditors.

None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and

their relatives are concerned or interested financially or otherwise, in the

resolution set out at Item No. 4.

Your Directors recommend the ordinary resolution at Item No. 4 for your

approval.

Item No.5

The Members of the Company, at their 18th AGM held on July 26, 2018,

had appointed Mr. R. K. Nair (DIN: 07225354), as an Independent Director

of the Company for a term of five consecutive years from July 25, 2017 to

July 24, 2022, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 and other

applicable provisions of the Act and the Rules framed thereunder, read

with Schedule IV to the Act.

Further, subject to the provisions of Section 149, 152 and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and pursuant to the

resolution passed by the Board of Directors at their meeting held on

May 17, 2022, the tenure of Independent Director(s) for all prospective

appointment/re-appointments shall not extend beyond two consecutive

terms of five years each or the date on which said Director attains seventy

five (75) years of age, whichever is earlier.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 149(10) of the Act, an independent

director shall be eligible for re-appointment upon passing a special

resolution by the Members of the Company and disclosure of such

re-appointment in the Board’s Report.:

Managing Director & CEO, paid

to him for FY2022, was approved by the Members of the Company and

the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI). The

Board has, on the basis of the recommendation of the Board Nomination

and Remuneration Committee, approved the revision in the remuneration

payable to Mr. N. S. Kannan, with effect from April 1, 2022, including the

increase in Basic salary, Allowances and Retirals by 6%.

Employee Stock Options

Name & Designation

Number of stock options of the

Company granted on April 16, 2022

for FY2022 under the Revised Scheme

(Employee Stock Option Scheme

2005 last amended and approved by

Members on June 25, 2021)

Mr. N. S. Kannan,: Managing

Managing Director of Corpbank Securities Limited from

1999 to 2003 a Primary Dealership, licensed by RBI.

In July 2005, he became an Executive Director at the Securities

and Exchange Board of India. In March 2010, he joined the

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India as

Member (Finance and Investment).

He was member of the International Organisation of Securities

Commissions sub-committee on Investment Management,

Investor Compensation and Protection, Private Equity from

2008 to 2010. At the International Association of Insurance

Supervisors , he was the nominee on sub-committees on

accounting, auditing, governance, group supervision, insurance

standards and financial stability. He was SEBI nominee on

National Advisory Committee on Accounting Standards

from 2005 to 2010, a member of the Investor Protection

and Compensation Committee and an IRDAI nominee on the

RBI Technical Committee on Money, Government Securities

and Foreign Exchange Markets, SEBI Corporate Bonds and

Securitisation Advisory Committee from 2010 to 2015.

Date of first appointment on the Board

January 1, 2014

October 8, 2018*

July 25, 2017

Terms and conditions of appointment or

re-appointment

Please refer to the Explanatory Statement for Item

No.3

Please refer to the Resolution and Explanatory Statement for

Item No.5

Remuneration last drawn (during the

year) (per annum)

NIL

Sitting Fees - ` 17,50,000, Commission paid during the year

(for FY2022) ` 10,00,000

Shareholding in the Company as on the

date of this notice

(in case of Non-Executive Directors,

shareholding includes shareholding as a

beneficial owner, if any)

NIL

NIL

Relationship with other Directors,

Manager and other Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company

NIL

NIL

No. of Board Meetings attended/ held

during the year ended March 31, 2022

6/6

6/6

Other Directorship (Includes directorship

in public, private and foreign companies

and insurance corporations)

•

ICICI Bank Limited

•

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company

Limited

•

ICICI Venture Funds Management Company

Limited

•

ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company

Limited

•

ICICI Bank UK Plc

•

ICICI Bank Limited

•

Geojit Financial Services Limited

•

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited

•

Inditrade Capital Limited

•

Geojit Credits Private Limited

•

Brickwork Ratings India Private Limited

•

Axis Mutual Fund Trustee Limited:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company

since June 19, 2018. He has worked with the ICICI Group for

over 31 years, having worked in various leadership/executive

roles within the Group. He served on the Board of ICICI Bank

as Executive Director between May 2009 and June 18, 2018.

Prior to joining the Board of ICICI Bank, he was the Executive

Director of the Company from August 2005 to April 2009.

Mr. Kannan also has extensive experience serving on the

Boards of other group companies. He served as the Chairman

on the Boards of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership, ICICI Bank

UK Plc, and as a Non-Executive Director on the Boards of ICICI

Prudential Life Insurance Company, ICICI Lombard General

Insurance Company, ICICI Prudential Asset Management

Company and ICICI Bank Canada.

During his tenure as the Executive Director at ICICI Bank,

his responsibilities included Finance, Treasury, Legal,

Operations,

Secretarial,

Corporate

Communications,

Corporate Branding, Infrastructure Management, Strategic

Solutions Group and ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth.

Mr. Kannan also owned the administrative responsibility for

Risk Management, Compliance and Internal Audit functions.

Besides, during his tenure at ICICI Bank, he has also handled

Project Finance, Infrastructure Finance and Structured

Finance.

Mr. Kannan has also served on various expert committees

constituted by the Government of India, regulators and

industry associations. He has served on the Insurance

Advisory Committee constituted by the Insurance Regulatory

and Development Authority of India, Reserve Bank of India’s

Steering Committee on Implementation of Indian Accounting

Standards, IBA Sectoral Committee of Private Sector Member

Banks, The Companies Law Committee Working Group on

Raising of Funds, CII National Council on Corporate Governance

and the Insurance Awareness Committee of the Life Insurance

Council. He also served as a member of RBI’s Advisory

Committee to resolve the first financial services company

under the Indian Bankruptcy Code.

Over the years, Mr. Kannan has won multiple awards including

the Best CFO in India by Finance Asia in 2013 and the Best

CFO in the Indian Banking/Financial Services sector by CNBC

TV18 for two consecutive years. Besides, he was also ranked

the second best CFO in Asia in a buy-side analysts’ poll by

institutional investors. Under his leadership, the ICICI Bank

investor relations team was ranked third best in Asia in a sell-

side analysts’ poll by institutional investors.

Date of first appointment on the Board

January 19, 2018

July 30, 2005

Terms and conditions of appointment or

re-appointment

Please refer to the Resolution and Explanatory

Statement for Item No.6

Please refer to the Resolution and Explanatory Statement for

Item No. 7, relating to revision in remuneration.:

Message from the Chairman

10 Message from the: Managing

Message from the Chairman: DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

As I write this letter, the threat of the coronavirus has reduced, thanks

to global collaborative efforts in rolling out one of the biggest vaccination

campaigns ever recorded.

On the economic front, globally, the rebound from the pandemic-led

recession has been encouraging. In India, the government’s vaccination

drive, push towards self-reliance by introducing growth-enhancing

schemes, production-linked incentives, and increased infrastructure

spending provided the foundation to chart an economic recovery, post-

COVID-19. The International Monetary Fund expects the Indian economy to

have a fairly robust growth of 8.2% in FY2023, making it one of the world’s

fastest growing major economies.

RETURNING TO NORMALCY - LIFE AFTER COVID-19

The pandemic disrupted businesses and altered the way business

was done. But our continued efforts around innovation and digital

transformation enabled us to be on top of changing customer needs and

the business playbook. At ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, our digitalisation

solutions are delivering four key advantages – customer-centricity,

enhanced efficiency, personalisation, scalability and agility. The cutting-

edge technology infrastructure supports our vision, innovations and

helps raise the bar for excellence in customer service. We are leveraging

technology for customer empowerment and convenience, seamless and

hassle-free onboarding and to drive increased penetration in the country.

Technology is also helping us develop meaningful partner and consumer

insights and build a better product understanding. Similarly, our robust

collaboration platform facilitates a seamless remote working experience.

We also use technology to offer personalised services anytime, anywhere

to our customers in their preferred language.

WE ARE LEVERAGING TECHNOLOGY

FOR CUSTOMER EMPOWERMENT

AND CONVENIENCE, SEAMLESS AND

HASSLE-FREE ONBOARDING AND TO

DRIVE INCREASED PENETRATION IN

THE COUNTRY.

It is heartening to share that we received many noteworthy industry

awards during the year which acknowledged our efforts around

innovation and customer service. This includes two awards from FICCI on

customer service and innovation, and one from ET BFSI on the best use

of emerging technology.

The outbreak also disrupted our way of life and caused increased levels

of anxiety in employees. We therefore organised doctor consultations,

mental health counselling and vaccination camps to ensure their safety

and wellness. Employee engagement in these trying times was another

key initiative and we utilised our engagement architecture, based on the 3i

framework of Inform, Involve and Invigorate to be in continuous touch with

our most precious resource.

ROLE OF LIFE INSURANCE IN TIMES OF CRISIS

In times like these, health and financial security becomes paramount and

therefore the role of life insurance becomes extremely crucial in society.

As per Life Insurance Council figures, the industry delivered on its promises

made to customers and their families by settling approximately 250,000

COVID-19 claims speedily.

Although faced with operational and balance sheet challenges posed

by the crisis, the insurance industry in India was quick to respond.

Life insurers rapidly adopted digitalisation across the value chain,

modernising distribution channels, innovating the product portfolio,

focussing on investment and prudent cash management to deliver

seamless customer experience and improved business resilience through

better risk management.

ICICI PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED

Annual Report 2021-22

08

Managing Director & CEO: DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

As we walk into a new financial year, let me take this opportunity to reflect

on the learnings from fiscal 2022.

With the outbreak of COVID-19, the last couple of years have been

challenging with extended lockdowns, new variants of the virus and a

stretched healthcare infrastructure. This led to economic uncertainty but

also revealed the grit and determination of mankind to emerge stronger

after a crisis.

As far as the global economy is concerned, surging commodity prices,

supply chain bottlenecks caused by the pandemic and the war in Ukraine

have turbo-charged inflation across the world. The global financial markets

too therefore remained volatile. In India, the Government’s vaccination

drive, the fiscal stimulus programme and the Production Linked Incentives

scheme aided recovery and improved consumer sentiments. According

to the Economic Survey 2021-22, the economy is expected to grow

between 8% and 8.5% in FY2023. Similarly, the International Monetary

Fund expects India to be on track to be the fastest growing major global

economy during FY2023. This provides us a lot of confidence as we enter

the new financial year.

RE-MODELLING OF INSURANCE POST-PANDEMIC

The outbreak of the pandemic not only reinforced the importance of our

purpose of care and commitment to our customers, it also acted as one

of the biggest catalysts for the growth of the life insurance industry. With

increased awareness levels due to COVID-19, we believe life insurance

has begun its journey from being a push to a nudge proposition. We expect

it to eventually emerge as a pull product over the next decade as people

have realised that life can throw a curve ball without warning, leading to

financial strain.

The growing appreciation for life insurance also augurs well for its

penetration and overall financial inclusion. The Economic Survey 2020-

21 states that the life insurance density in the country was just US$ 58

against the global average of US$ 379. With the heightened need for

mortality protection, life insurance companies are reinventing themselves

and re-affirming the crucial role they play in the lives of customers.

LIVING OUR PURPOSE

The pandemic brought us closer to the very purpose of our existence, as

we continued to serve our customers with care, sensitivity and speed,

standing with them and their families in their times of distress. As a leading

Company it was incumbent on us to rise to the occasion. We realised the

problems arising out of the pandemic and so we enabled our customers

to conduct self-service transactions from the comfort and safety of their

homes. We also facilitated home pick-up of claim-related documents as

and when required. Claims is the moment of truth for us in life insurance

and we settled them with care and sensitivity. During FY2022, we

settled claims amounting to ` 312.37 billion of which ` 10.17 billion was

COVID-19 related.

POWERING SUSTAINABLE GROWTH

Over the last three years, we, at ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, have been

focussed on ensuring that we have a well-balanced product mix and a

diversified distribution architecture. We are now happy with where we

have reached on these two elements in our growth journey. Besides,

a combination of factors such as customer-centric products, superior

customer service supported by a robust technology backbone have now

provided us with a strong platform to grow the business profitably and

sustainably. Let me expand on it in a little more detail.

A SHIFT IN CUSTOMER

PREFERENCES AND OUR CONTINUED

INVESTMENT IN PRODUCT

DEVELOPMENT HAVE CULMINATED

IN AWARD-WINNING PRODUCT

PROPOSITIONS ACROSS THE

PROTECTION, LONG-TERM SAVINGS

AND ANNUITY SEGMENTS.

ICICI PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED

Annual Report 2021-22

10

Managing Director & CEO

WE WILL CONTINUE LEVERAGING

THE MULTI-DECADE OPPORTUNITY

GIVEN THE UNDER-PENETRATION

OF LIFE INSURANCE AND GROW

SUSTAINABLY AND RESPONSIBLY.

WITH A WELL-BALANCED

PRODUCT MIX, A WELL-

DIVERSIFIED DISTRIBUTION MIX,

CUSTOMER-CENTRIC PRODUCTS,

SUPERIOR CUSTOMER SERVICE

AND A ROBUST TECHNOLOGY

BACKBONE, WE WILL CONTINUE

TO DELIVER VALUE TO ALL OUR

STAKEHOLDERS.

Powering Sustainable Growth

13

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

01 - 78

STATUTORY

REPORTS

79- 148

STANDALONE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

149 - 521

CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

522 - 584

EMBEDDED

VALUE RESULTS

585 - 591

ADDITIONAL

INFORMATION

592 -595:

Managing Director & CEO, uses this framework to set and

monitor governance and responsibility objectives, identify improvement

opportunities and ensure that activities are aligned with the pre-defined

business strategy. Reputation, trust and confidence are some essential

elements that we seek to protect and enhance for the benefit of all our

stakeholders.

Given below are some key elements of our Ethical Business

Practices and Governance Philosophy:

Board Governance Structure: We operate under a governance

structure designed to establish effective checks and balances in the

management of our Company, and create long-term value for our

stakeholders. The Board’s constitution duly adheres to the applicable

statutory requirements. The separation of Board’s supervisory role

from the executive management, and an effective independent Board

is the basis of our corporate governance philosophy. Diversity in Board

composition ensures having diverse thoughts, perspectives, knowledge,

skills and industry experience to retain our competitive advantage.

The Chairman of the Board is an Independent Director, and the Board

Committees comprise Independent/Non-Executive Directors (NED), and

are chaired by Independent Directors (ID).

Employee Compensation Structures and Governance: The Company

follows prudent compensation practices under the guidance of the Board

and the Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee (BNRC). The

Company’s approach to compensation is based on the ethos of meritocracy

and fairness within the framework of prudent risk management. While

the Company aims to ensure internal and external equity consistent

with emerging market trends, the Company’s business model and

affordability based on business performance set the overarching boundary

conditions. The output from the performance management system and

talent management system serve as the inputs for administration of the

Compensation Policy.

Our long-term pay schemes including the Company’s Employees Stock

Option Scheme are designed to encourage institution building among

employees. As a philosophy, long-term pay is given to enhance employee

motivation, enable employees to participate in the long-term growth and

financial success of the Company and act as a retention mechanism.

For the: Managing

Managing Director of

Corpbank Securities Limited from 1999 to 2003 a

Primary Dealership, licensed by RBI.

In July 2005, he became an Executive Director at

the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).

In March 2010, he joined the Insurance Regulatory

and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) as

Member (Finance and Investment).

He was member of the International Organisation of

Securities Commissions (IOSCO) sub-committee on

Investment Management, Investor Compensation

and Protection, Private Equity from 2008 to 2010.

At the International Association of Insurance

Supervisors (IAIS), he was the nominee on sub-

committees on accounting, auditing, governance,

group supervision, insurance standards and

financial stability. He was SEBI nominee on National

Advisory Committee on Accounting Standards

(NACAS) from 2005 to 2010, a member of the

Investor Protection and Compensation Committee,

and an IRDAI nominee on the RBI Technical

Committee on Money, Government Securities and

Foreign Exchange Markets, SEBI Corporate Bonds

and Securitisation Advisory Committee (COBOSAC)

from 2010 to 2015.

Mr. Nair is also an Independent Director for two

subsidiaries of ICICI Bank - ICICI Prudential Life

Insurance and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership

Limited. He is also a Director of Geojit Financial

Services Limited, Geojit Credits Private Limited,

Brickwork Ratings India Private Limited, Axis

Mutual Fund Trustee Limited, Inditrade Capital

and Inditrade Fincorp Limited. Mr. Nair is also a

Trustee in NPS Trust.

Qualification: Master’s degree in Science,

Bachelor’s degree in Law, Master of Business

Administration – Financial Management, Diploma

in Securities Law

Mr. Choksi has been a practising professional for

the past 44 years. Prior to setting up C.C. Chokshi

& Co., he was the Joint Managing Partner, National

Leader - Tax and Financial Advisory Services of

Deloitte, India.

His areas of specialisation include accounting, tax

and corporate advisory services for domestic and

international clients, finalising collaborations and

joint ventures, corporate restructuring, turnaround

and

change

management

strategies,

and

analysing tax impact of various instruments. He

is also a member of the Society of Trust & Estate

Practitioners Limited (STEP). He has also been on

the Boards of the Taxation Committee of the Indian

Merchant Chambers and the Bombay Chamber of

Commerce & Industry.

He has worked with Mr. N. A. Palkhivala in the

preparation of the most prominent book of Kanga

and Palkhivala’s - The Law and Practice of Income

Tax (eight edition) - the last edition written by late

Mr. N. A. Palkhivala and Mr. B. A. Palkhivala.

Qualification: Chartered Accountant, Bachelor’s

degree in Law, a member of the Institute of Cost

and Works Accountants of India (ICWA), and Trust

and Estate Practitioner (TEP) member of Society of

Trust and Estate Practitioners (STEP).

1

3

4

8

7

67

56

1

2

5

7

6

72

51

MR. R. K. NAIR

Independent Director

MR. DILEEP CHOKSI

Independent Director

ICICI PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED

Annual Report 2021-22

28:

Managing Director & CEO

of ICICI Securities Limited.

He has been with the ICICI Group since 1992. He

has represented the Group in various regulatory

committees of key bodies such as RBI and SEBI.

He was a member of RBI’s Expert Committee

on Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises and of

SEBI’s Committee on Financial and Regulatory

Technologies (CFRT). He was in the Executive

Committee of National Securities Depository Ltd.,

(NSDL), Advisory Committee of BSE Limited and

was the co-Chairman of FICCI’s Capital Markets

Committee. He was also a member of SEBI’s

Secondary Markets Advisory Committee (SMAC),

Fair Market Conduct Committee and Committee

on Financial and Regulatory Technologies and Risk

Management Review Committee.

He has been honoured with ‘The Asian Banker Retail

Finance Person of the Year Award in Asia Pacific,

at The Asian Banker Excellence in Retail Financial

Services Awards 2021 for helping grow the bank’s

retail business through digital transformation.

Qualification:

Management

degree

from

Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore and

an Engineering degree from Indian Institute of

Technology, Kanpur.

1

5

6

61

39

4

5

9

51

42

MS. VIBHA PAUL RISHI

Independent Director

MR. ANUP BAGCHI

Non-executive Director nominated by

ICICI Bank Limited

Powering Sustainable Growth

29

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

01 - 78

STATUTORY

REPORTS

79- 148

STANDALONE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

149 - 521

CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

522 - 584

EMBEDDED

VALUE RESULTS

585 - 591

ADDITIONAL

INFORMATION

592 -595:

Managing Director & CEO of ICICI

Prudential Life Insurance Company since June 19,

2018. He has worked with the ICICI Group for over

30 years, having worked in various leadership/

executive roles within the Group. He served on the

Board of ICICI Bank as Executive Director between

May 2009 and June 18, 2018. Prior to joining the

Board of ICICI Bank, he was the Executive Director

of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company from

August 2005 to April 2009.

Mr. Kannan also has extensive experience serving

on the Boards of other group companies. He served

as the Chairman on the Boards of ICICI Securities

Primary Dealership, ICICI Bank UK Plc, and as a

Non-Executive Director on the Boards of ICICI

Prudential Life Insurance Company, ICICI Lombard

General Insurance Company, ICICI Prudential Asset

Management Company and ICICI Bank Canada.

During his tenure as the Executive Director at

ICICI Bank, his responsibilities included Finance,

Treasury, Legal, Operations, Secretarial, Corporate

Communications, Corporate Branding, Infrastructure

Management, Strategic Solutions Group and ICICI

Foundation for Inclusive Growth. Mr. Kannan also

owns the administrative responsibility for Risk

Management, Compliance and Internal Audit

functions. Besides, during his tenure at ICICI Bank,

he has also handled Project Finance, Infrastructure

Finance and Structured Finance.

Mr. Kannan has also served on various expert

committees constituted by the Government of India,

regulators and industry associations. He has served

on the Insurance Advisory Committee constituted

by

the

Insurance

Regulatory

Development

Authority of India, Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI)

Steering Committee on Implementation of Indian

Accounting Standards, IBA Sectoral Committee of

Private Sector Member Banks, The Companies Law

Committee Working Group on Raising of Funds,

CII National Council on Corporate Governance and

the Insurance Awareness Committee of the Life

Insurance Council. He also served as a member

of RBI’s Advisory Committee to resolve the first

financial services company under the Indian

Bankruptcy Code.

Over the years, Mr. Kannan has won multiple

awards including the Best CFO in India by Finance

Asia in 2013 and the Best CFO in the Indian

Banking/Financial Services sector by CNBC TV18

for two consecutive years. Besides, he was also

ranked the second best CFO in Asia in a buy-side

analysts’ poll by institutional investors. Under his

leadership, the ICICI Bank investor relations team

was ranked third best in Asia in a sell-side analysts’

poll by institutional investors. ICICI Bank’s investor

relations team was ranked the best among Indian

companies by Finance Asia.

Qualification: Bachelor of Engineering (Honours)

from NIT Trichy, Post-Graduate Diploma in

Management from IIM Bangalore, Chartered

Financial Analyst from ICFAI.

3

7

8

9

56

45*

MR. N. S. KANNAN: Managing

letter generation

and identity card creation. V-STAR, the Company’s flagship induction

programme for frontline sales professionals, was deployed digitally

to ensure employees are adequately skilled to perform in a hybrid

working environment. For entry-level management and specialist roles,

the Company hires MBAs from top-tier business schools, Chartered

Accountants (CA) and other professionally qualified talent.

This year, the Company significantly enhanced capacity building by

hiring people with specialist skills. To build a pipeline of young talent, the

Company on-boarded entry-level Pharmacy graduates in the Underwriting

function, Actuarial professionals, and CAs in the Finance and Internal Audit

functions towards meeting business requirements and to mitigate the

challenges of high attrition.

The Company uses a diversified sourcing strategy for lateral hiring

including partnerships with intermediaries such as recruitment process

outsourcing firms and recruitment consultants. The Company actively

encourages employees to advocate the employer brand and refer those in

their network under the “Talent@Hunt” programme.

ICICI PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED

Annual Report 2021-22

58:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (MD & CEO). The Head–

Internal Audit reports directly to the Audit Committee of the Board and

administratively reports to the Chief Risk & Compliance Officer. The IAD

has developed a Risk Based Audit Plan (RBAP) and the same has been

approved by the Audit Committee of the Board. The basic philosophy of

RBAP is to provide reasonable assurance to the Audit Committee of the

Board and management about the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk

management and control framework in the Company. The scope of Internal

Audit includes the review of risk management procedures, internal control

systems, information systems and governance processes. Key audit

observations and recommendations made have been reported to and

discussed at the Audit Committee of the Board. Implementation of the

recommendations is actively monitored.

Compliance:

The Board Audit Committee oversees the compliance framework of

the Company. The Company has formulated various internal policies/

procedures, such as the Compliance Policy, Anti- Bribery and Anti-

Corruption Policy, Anti-Money Laundering Policy and an employee code of

conduct, which govern the day-to-day activities to ensure compliance. The

compliance function disseminates the information regarding relevant laws,

regulations and circulars related to insurance and anti-money laundering

to various functions. It also serves as a reference point for the staff of

various functions for seeking clarifications on applicable laws, regulations

and circulars issued on these aspects. The compliance team also monitors

the adequacy of the compliance framework across the Company with the

Internal Audit Department through an integrated risk based audit plan. Key

issues observed as a part of this monitoring are reported to the Board

Audit Committee and implementation of recommendations is actively

monitored. A compliance certificate signed by the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO regarding compliance with:

Managing Director & CEO. Out of the three non-executive Directors,

two Directors are nominated by ICICI Bank Limited and one by Prudential

Corporation Holdings Limited. The Chairman of the Board is an Independent

Director. Except the: Managing Director & CEO, all other Directors including

the

Managing Director & CEO

00066009

Bachelor of Engineering (Honours) from

NIT

Trichy,

Post-Graduate

Diploma

in

Management from IIM Bangalore, Chartered

Financial Analyst from ICFAI

Finance & accountancy, banking,

insurance, strategy and corporate

planning, risk management and

securities market

There were six meetings of the Board during FY2022: Meetings were held on April 19, 2021, July 20, 2021, October 19, 2021, January 18, 2022, February

19, 2022 and March 14, 2022. The maximum interval between any two meetings did not exceed 120 days. The attendance of Directors at the Board

meetings during the year is set out in the following table:

Name of the Director

Board meetings attended/

held during the year

Attendance at last AGM

(June 25, 2021)

Non-executive non-independent Directors

Mr. Anup Bagchi, non-executive Director nominated by ICICI Bank Limited

6/6

Present

Mr. Sandeep Batra, non-executive Director nominated by ICICI Bank Limited

6/6

Present

Mr. Wilfred John Blackburn, non-executive Director nominated by Prudential

Corporation Holding Limited

6/6

Present

Non-executive independent Directors

Mr. M. S. Ramachandran, Chairman

6/6

Present

Mr. Dilip Karnik

6/6

Present

Mr. R. K. Nair

6/6

Present

Mr. Dileep Choksi

6/6

Present

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi

6/6

Present

Wholetime Director(s)

Mr. N. S. Kannan,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

1(1)

0

0

-

1. Comprises of other public limited companies incorporated in India. Figures in parentheses indicate Board chairpersonship by the Directors in other unlisted public companies.

2. Comprises of private limited companies incorporated in India and foreign companies but excludes Section 8 companies and not for profit foreign companies. Figures in parentheses indicate Board

chairpersonship.

3. Figures in parentheses indicate committee chairmanship including alternate chairpersonship.:

Managing Director & CEO, other

wholetime Directors, non-executive Directors, Key Management

Person (KMP), Senior Management Personnel (SMP) and other

employees.

Further details with respect to the Compensation policy are provided

under the section titled “Compensation & Benefit policy”, which

has also been hosted on the website of the Company and can

be accessed on the link: https://www.iciciprulife.com/about-us/

corporate-policies.html.

Details of remuneration paid to wholetime Directors

The Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee (BNRC)

determines and recommends to the Board the remuneration,

including performance bonus and non-cash benefits and perquisites,

payable to the wholetime Directors.

The following table sets out the details of remuneration (including

perquisites and retiral benefits) paid to the wholetime Director

during FY2022:

Particulars

Details of

Remuneration (`)

Mr. N. S. Kannan

Basic

25,690,440

Variable pay

19,040,751

Allowances1 and perquisites2

23,035,954

Contribution to provident fund

3,082,848

Contribution to gratuity fund3

2,140,008

Stock options of the Company (Numbers)

Granted in FY2022

721,300

Granted in FY2021

760,600

Note: For the year ended March 31, 2022 the remuneration details pertain

to the amount paid/options granted during the period of service as per IRDAI

approval

1 Allowances also include Superannuation.

2 Perquisites are evaluated as per Income-Tax rules wherever applicable,

and exclude perquisites on Provident Fund and perquisites on exercise of

stock options, if any. Stock options exercised during the year does not

constitute remuneration paid to the wholetime directors and accordingly is

not considered here.

3 Provision towards gratuity is actuarially valued for the group of all eligible

employees on an overall basis, however, for the purpose of this section,

annual contribution towards gratuity fund of the Company as approved by

BNRC/Board has been given.

Details of remuneration paid to non-executive Directors

As provided in the Articles of Association of the Company, the fees

payable to the non-executive independent Directors for attending a

Meeting of the Board or Committee thereof is decided by the Board

of Directors from time to time within the limits prescribed by the

CA2013.

During the year FY2022, for the period April 1, 2021 to October

31, 2021 the Company has paid ` 100,000 as sitting fees for each

meeting of the Board, ` 50,000 for each Board Audit Committee

meeting and ` 30,000 as sitting fees for each Meeting of other

Board Committee meetings attended. In view of the increased

complexities in the overall regulatory framework, the Board at its

meeting held on October 19, 2021 considered and approved revised

sitting fees. Accordingly, with effect from November 1, 2021 the

Company has paid ` 100,000 as sitting fees for each meeting of

the Board, ` 100,000 for each Board Audit Committee meeting and

` 50,000 as sitting fees for each Meeting of other Board Committee

meetings attended. This amount is within the limits prescribed

as per Rule 4 of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 of the CA2013.

The members of the Company at the Annual General Meeting held

on July 17, 2019 have approved the payment of compensation in

form of profit related commission upto ` 1 million per annum, in

proportion to the time served by him/her as a Director in a year, to

each non-executive Director of the Company (other than the non-

executive directors nominated by ICICI Bank Limited and Prudential

Corporation Holdings Limited). The payments are subject to the

regulatory provisions applicable to the Company and availability

of net profits at the end of each financial year. Sitting fees paid to

independent Directors are outside the purview of the above limits.

Further, Mr. M. S. Ramachandran, non-executive Independent

Director, Chairman of the Company, was also provided an office,

including its maintenance, at the Company’s expense, for attending

to his duties as the Chairman of the Company pursuant to the

resolution passed by the members of the Company on October 30,

2020 through postal ballot.

The details of the sitting fees and commission are as below:

Sitting fees paid to independent Directors for the financial

year ended March 31, 2022:

Name of the Director

Amount (in `)

Mr. M. S. Ramachandran, Chairman

1.07 million

Mr. Dilip Karnik

1.59 million

Mr. R. K. Nair

1.75 million

Mr. Dileep Choksi

1.64 million

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi

1.44 million:

Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer/wholetime

Directors of Insurers (IRDAI Guidelines) issued vide reference no.

IRDA/F&A/GDL/LSTD/155/08/2016 dated August 5, 2016, requires

the Company to make the following disclosures on remuneration in

the Annual Report:

Compensation policy and practices

1.

Qualitative disclosures

a.

Information relating to the design and structure of

remuneration processes and the key features and

objectives of remuneration policy.

(i)

Name and mandate of the main body overseeing remuneration:

The Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee (BNRC/

Committee) is the body which oversees aspects pertaining

to remuneration. The functions of the Committee include

identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors and

who may be appointed in senior management in accordance

with the criteria laid down as well as recommending to the

Board their appointment and removal; and formulating the

criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes

and independence of a Director; and also devising a policy

on diversity of the Board. The Committee ensures that the

proposed appointments/re-appointments of key management

person or Directors are in conformity with the Board approved

policy

on

retirement/superannuation;

scrutinises

the

declarations of intending applicants before the appointment/

re-appointment/election of Directors by the shareholders at the

Annual General Meeting; and scrutinises the applications and

details submitted by the aspirants for appointment as the key

management person. The Committee also formulates criteria

and specifies the manner for effective evaluation of every

individual director’s performance, and that of the Board and its

committees, and reviews its implementation and compliance.

The Committee considers the extension or continuation of

the term of appointment of the Independent Directors, on the

basis of the report of performance evaluation of Independent

Directors. In addition, the Committee recommends to the

Board the policy relating to the remuneration for the Directors,

key management persons and other employees; and

recommends to the Board all remuneration, in whatever form,

payable to senior management; and considers and approves

employee stock option schemes and administers and

supervises the same. The Committee ensures that the level

and composition of remuneration is reasonable and sufficient

to attract, retain and motivate Directors of the quality required

to run the Company successfully; and that the relationship of

remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate

performance benchmarks; along with approving the

compensation program and ensuring that remuneration to

Directors, key management person and senior management

involves a balance between fixed and incentive pay reflecting

short and long term performance objectives appropriate to the

working of the Company and its goals.

(ii)

External consultants whose advice has been sought, the body

by which they were commissioned and in what areas of the

remuneration process:

The Company engaged the services of reputed consulting

firms for market benchmarking in the area of compensation,

including executive compensation;

(iii)

Scope of the Company’s remuneration policy (eg. by regions,

business lines), including the extent to which it is applicable

to foreign subsidiaries and branches:

The Company’s Policy on Compensation & Benefits

(“Compensation Policy”) for: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO and Other wholetime Directors (in Part B of

Compensation and Benefits Policy) has been modified

to incorporate alignment of the Domiciliary Medical

Expense limits for other wholetime Directors with those

applicable to Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & CEO:

Particulars

At March 31, 2022

Number of WTD/ CEO/ MD having received a variable remuneration award during the financial year

1

Number and total amount of sign on awards made during the financial year

Nil

Details of guaranteed bonus, if any, paid as joining/ sign on bonus

Nil

Breakup of amount of remuneration awarded for the financial year (in ` million)

Fixed1

53.0

Variable Pay2

19.0

Deferred

Nil

Non-Deferred

19.0

Share-Linked Instruments – Company2

721,300

Total amount of deferred remuneration paid out in the financial year

Cash (` in million)

Nil

Shares

Shares-linked instruments (Employee Stock Options) pending to be vested as on March 31, 2022

Company

1,534,360

ICICI Bank3

73,280

Other forms

Nil

1 Fixed pay includes basic salary, supplementary allowances, superannuation, contribution to provident fund and gratuity fund by the Company. Provision towards

gratuity is actuarially valued for the group of all eligible employees on an overall basis, however, for the purpose of this section, the annual contribution towards

gratuity fund of the Company as approved by BNRC/Board is incorporated here.

2 Variable pay and share-linked instruments represent amounts granted/options awarded by BNRC/Board in FY2022.

3 Employee stock options last granted in May 2019

Further, provision on gratuity, leave encashment and long term payment, which is actuarially valued for all employees of the organisation, is not considered

above.

Note: For the year ended March 31, 2022 the numbers indicated are the amounts paid/options granted during the year FY2022 as per IRDAI approvals.

Mr. Puneet Nanda received ` 3,080,506 as pro-rated performance bonus for FY2021 (paid during FY2022) pursuant to his tenure as Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & CEO. The details about the evaluation:

Managing Director & CEO

Bangalore

DIN: 00066009

CERTIFICATION FOR COMPLIANCE OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES

I, Sonali Chandak, hereby certify that the Company has, for the financial year ended March 31, 2022, complied with the requirements stipulated under

the corporate governance guidelines of Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India as amended from time to time and nothing has been

concealed or suppressed.

SONALI CHANDAK

May 17, 2022

Company Secretary

Mumbai

ACS 18108:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done

on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable

laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future

viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

Practicing Company Secretaries

Makarand Joshi

Partner

FCS No. 5533

CP No. 3662 UDIN: F005533D000332420

Peer Review No: 640/2019

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 17, 2022

*This report is to be read with our: letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

letter dated 20 July 2021.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

(“the Company”), for the year ended 31 March 2022, as stipulated

in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and

paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time (“Listing

Regulations”) pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the Company

with Stock Exchanges.

Management’s Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated

under the listing regulations is the responsibility of the Company’s

Management including the preparation and maintenance of all

the relevant records and documents. This responsibility includes

the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control

and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of

Corporate Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditors’ Responsibility

4.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is

our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance whether

the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year

ended 31 March 2022.

5.

Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation

thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the

conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an

expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance

compliance by the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note

on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and

Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance, both issued

by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”), in

so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate. The Guidance

Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the

Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the

Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that

Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and

Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the

explanations given to us, we certify that the Company has complied

with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the

above-mentioned Listing Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the

future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

Restriction on use

10. The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the

Company solely for the purpose of enabling the Company to comply

with the requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not be

used by any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we

do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other

purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate is shown or

into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm’s Registration

No: 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Registration

No: 001076N/N500013

Sagar Lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Partner

Partner

Membership No: 111855

Membership No: 042423

UDIN: 22111855AJBYLB6909

UDIN: 22042423AJCFFD8172

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 17, 2022

Date: May 17, 2022

Independent Auditor’s Certificate on Compliance with the Corporate Governance Requirements under Securities Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015:

Managing Director & CEO and all other directors and Key

Management Persons (KMP)

The details of remuneration/payment to: Managing

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer shall be Resident Indian citizens”.

For a company with foreign investment exceeding 49%, it has been

prescribed that:

•

For the financial year, if dividend is paid on equity shares and

the solvency margin is below 1.2 times the control level of

solvency, the insurer shall retain in its general reserve not less

than fifty percent of the net profit.

•

Not less than fifty percent of its directors shall be independent

directors. In case the Chairperson of the Board is independent,

then 1/3rd of the Board shall comprise independent directors.

2.

Regulatory guidance during COVID-19

IRDAI had instructed insurers to ensure safety and well-being of

employees and policyholders. IRDAI further instructed insurers to

ensure that policyholders were well-informed about the functioning

of offices and of the alternate channels available for their servicing

needs. Insurers were asked to ensure that COVID-19 claims were

settled expeditiously. IRDAI further directed insurance companies to

ensure that COVID-19 vaccination is not made a mandatory criteria

for policy issuance. Further, IRDAI extended the timelines for filing

regulatory returns and public disclosure forms for the period ended

March 31, 2021 by a period of 30 days.

Distribution Trends:

The agency channel continues to be the predominant channel for the industry, mainly driven by LIC. There has been no significant change in the channel

mix of the industry as well as the private sector from FY2020 to FY2021. Increasingly, direct sales through proprietary sales force and the internet are

becoming more relevant.:

Managing Director & CEO ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth: Managing Director & CEO

47,316

-

1The tenure mentioned of the directors are for the period in which they held directorship in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

Note: Transactions with related entities of the directors are mentioned for the year in which the directors are interested in the entity.

* Amount is less than ` 1,000.

14. MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

The Management confirms that:

1)

In the preparation of financial statements, the applicable accounting standards, principles and policies are followed along with proper

explanations relating to material departures, if any;

2)

The management has adopted accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgements and estimates that are reasonable

and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at the end of the financial year and of the operating profit

and of the profit of the Company for the year;

3)

The management has taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the applicable

provisions of the Insurance Act, 1938 and Companies Act, 2013 to the extent applicable, for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for

preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;

4)

The management has prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis;

5)

The management has ensured that an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature of the business exists and is operating

effectively.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

____________________

____________________

____________________

M. S. Ramachandran

R. K. Nair

Sandeep Batra

letter dated 20 July 2021 with ICICI Prudential Life

Insurance Company Limited (the “Company”).

2.

This certificate is issued to comply with the provisions of paragraphs 3

and 4 of Schedule C read with regulation 3 of the Insurance Regulatory

and Development Authority (Preparation of Financial Statements and

Auditor’s Report of Insurance Companies) Regulations 2002, (the “IRDA

Financial Statements Regulations”).

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

3.

The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for complying with

the provisions of The Insurance Act, 1938 (amended by the Insurance

Laws (Amendment) Act 2015) (the “Insurance Act”), the Insurance

Regulatory and Development Authority Act, 1999 (the “IRDA Act”),

the IRDA Financial Statements Regulations, orders/directions/circulars

issued by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India

(the “IRDAI”) which includes the preparation and maintenance of books

of accounts and Management Report. This includes collecting, collating

and validating data and designing, implementing and monitoring of

internal controls suitable for ensuring the aforesaid and applying an

appropriate basis of preparation that are reasonable in the circumstances

and providing all relevant information to the IRDAI.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY

4.

Pursuant to the requirements of the IRDA Financial Statements

Regulations, it is our responsibility to obtain reasonable assurance

and form an opinion based on our audit and examination of books of

accounts and other records maintained by the Company as to whether

the Company has complied with the matters contained in paragraphs 3

and 4 of Schedule C read with Regulation 3 of IRDA Financial Statements

Regulations as of and for the year ended 31 March 2022.

5.

We conducted our examination in accordance with the Guidance Note on

Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) (the “Guidance

Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (‘ICAI’).

The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the independence and

other ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

6.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the

Standard on Quality Control (“SQC”) 1, Quality Control for Firms that

Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and

Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

OPINION

7.

In accordance with information and explanations given to us and to

the best of our knowledge and belief and based on our joint audit and

examination of the books of account and other records maintained by

the Company for the year ended 31 March 2022, we certify that:

a.

We have reviewed the Management Report attached to the

standalone financial statements for year ended 31 March 2022,

and on the basis of our review, there is no apparent mistake or

material inconsistencies in the Management Report read with

the standalone financial statements;

b.

Based on management representations and compliance

certificates submitted to the Board of Directors by the officers

of the Company charged with compliance and the same being

noted by the Board, nothing has come to our attention that

causes us to believe that the Company has not complied with

the terms and conditions of registration as stipulated by the

IRDAI;

c.

We have verified the cash balances as at 31 March 2022, to

the extent considered necessary, with the books of accounts

by actual inspection or management certificates received. For

securities relating to the Company’s loans and investments as

at 31 March 2022, we have verified the confirmations received

from the Custodian/ Depository Participants appointed by the

Company or from counterparties, with the books of accounts,

as the case may be. As at 31 March 2022, the Company does

not have reversions and life interests;

d.

The Company is not the trustee of any trust; and

e.

No part of the assets of the Policyholders’ Funds has been

directly or indirectly applied in contravention to the provisions of

the Insurance Act relating to the application and investments of

the Policyholders’ Funds.

RESTRICTION ON USE

8.

This certificate is issued at the request of the Company, solely for

inclusion in the annual accounts of the Company in order to comply with

the provisions of paragraphs 3 and 4 of Schedule C read with regulation

3 of the IRDA Financial Statements Regulations and is not intended to be

and should not be used for any other purpose without our prior consent.

Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care

for any other purpose.

Independent Auditor’s Certificate

Independent Auditor’s Certificate referred to paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’

forming part of the Independent Auditor’s Report dated 16 April 2022

For B S R & Co. LLP

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Chartered Accountants

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Registration No: 001076N/N500013

Sagar Lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Partner

Partner

Membership No: 111855

Membership No: 042423

UDIN: 22111855AHEKOX6186

UDIN: 22042423AHEKNO7311

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 16 April 2022

Date: 16 April 2022:

letter dated 20 July 2021 with ICICI Prudential Life

Insurance Company Limited (the “Company”).

2.

As per the requirements of the Schedule I(B)(11)(d) to the Insurance

Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Investment)

Regulations, 2016 dated 1 August 2016 (the “Regulations”),

we are required to issue a certificate regarding the application

of the Net Asset Value (“NAV”) for applications received as at

31 March 2022.

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

3.

The Management of the Company is responsible for compliance

with the Regulations for application of NAV as at 31 March 2022

which includes preparation and maintenance of all accounting and

other relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility

includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal

controls relevant to the application of NAV for applications received

as at 31 March 2022.

4.

The Management of the Company is responsible for complying with

conditions stated in the Regulations.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of this certificate, our responsibility is

to provide reasonable assurance as to whether:

(a)

The applications received on 31 March 2022 upto 3.00

p.m. have been stamped and processed with NAV of 31

March 2022;

(b)

The applications received on 31 March 2022 after

3.00 p.m. have been stamped and processed with NAV of

1 April 2022; and

(c)

The Company has declared NAV for 31 March 2022 which

is a business day, on a basis consistent with its accounting

policy as disclosed in its audited standalone financial

statements for the year ended 31 March 2022.

6.

We have jointly audited the standalone financial statements of the

Company as of and for the year ended 31 March 2022 on which

we issued an unmodified audit opinion vide our report dated 16

April 2022. Our audit of the standalone financial statements was

conducted in accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified

under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and other

applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”). Those standards require

that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance

about whether the standalone financial statements are free of

material misstatement. Our audit was not planned and performed in

connection with any transactions to identify matters that may be of

potential interest to third parties.

7.

In this connection, we have performed the following procedures:

a)

Obtained the list of applications for New business, Renewal

premium, Top up, Surrender, Freelook cancellation, Fund

switches, Withdrawal and Partial withdrawal received in

respect of Unit linked products on 31 March 2022 (together

referred to as “Application Forms”) from the Company;

b)

Selected samples of Application Forms from listing

mentioned in paragraph 7(a) above and verified whether:

i)

The applications received on 31 March 2022 upto

3.00 p.m. have been appropriately stamped and

processed with NAV of 31 March 2022;

ii)

The applications received on 31 March 2022 after

3.00 p.m. have been appropriately stamped and

processed with NAV of 1 April 2022; and

iii)

The NAV applied for applications received on 31

March 2022 is traced to the respective NAV declared

by the Company.

c)

We have read the certificate dated 16 April 2022 of the

Concurrent auditor of the Company, M/s. Chokshi & Chokshi

LLP, Chartered Accountants which has been furnished to us

certifying compliance with Regulation 5 of Schedule I(B); and

d)

Obtained representation from the Management that the

Company has declared 31 March 2022 as a business day for

accepting Application Forms and that it has declared NAV for

31 March 2022.

Independent Auditor’s Certificate

Independent Auditor’s Certificate in accordance with Schedule I(B)(11)(d) of the Insurance Regulatory and Development

Authority of India (Investment) Regulations, 2016 dated 1 August 2016.

164

149 Management Report

157 Independent Auditors’ Report and Certificates

166 Revenue Account

168 Profit and Loss Account

169 Balance Sheet:

Managing Director & CEO

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 001076N / N500013

DIN: 00943629

DIN: 07225354

DIN: 03620913

DIN: 00066009

Sagar Lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

Souvik Jash

Sonali Chandak

Partner

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Company Secretary

Membership No. 111855

Membership No. 042423

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 16, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 001076N / N500013

DIN: 00943629

DIN: 07225354

DIN: 03620913

DIN: 00066009

Sagar Lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

Souvik Jash

Sonali Chandak

Partner

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Company Secretary

Membership No. 111855

Membership No. 042423

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 16, 2022

Revenue Account

for year ended March 31, 2021

FORM A-RA

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

Regn.No. 105 dated 24.11.2000

POLICYHOLDERS’ ACCOUNT (TECHNICAL ACCOUNT)

(` ‘000)

Particulars

Schedule Par Life

Par

Pension

Non Par

Life

Non Par

Pension

Non Par

Variable

Non Par

Variable

Pension

Annuity

Non Par

Health

Linked

Life

Linked

Pension

Linked

Health

Linked

Group

Life

Linked

Group

Pension

Total

Premiums earned (Net of Goods & Service tax)

(a) Premium

1

43,270,436

2,698,001

60,443,964

279,750

476,974

162,324

22,924,739

416,074 195,915,750

2,255,227

745,622

21,834,340

5,905,044

357,328,245

(b) Reinsurance ceded (Refer note 2.3.2 of schedule 16)

(45,737)

(38)

(6,709,698)

-

(1)

-

(209)

(85,908)

(412,543)

(79)

(340,886)

(9)

-

(7,595,108)

(c) Reinsurance accepted (Refer note 2.3.3 of schedule 16)

-

-

584

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

584

Sub-total

43,224,699

2,697,963

53,734,850

279,750

476,973

162,324

22,924,530

330,166 195,503,207

2,255,148

404,736

21,834,331

5,905,044

349,733,721

Income from Investments

Refer note 2.3.4 & 3.24 of schedule 16)

(a) Interest, dividend & rent - Gross

12,392,169

891,205

16,012,491

35,393

166,659

119,971

3,758,962

37,244

26,890,340

2,143,223

284,166

2,697,235

1,801,015

67,230,073

(b) Profit on sale/redemption of investments

11,328,451

671,478

10,671,879

-

9,793

-

1,027,509

7,260

89,915,956

10,061,653

807,614

2,192,332

1,618,264

128,312,189

(c) (Loss) on sale/redemption of investments

(2,387,266)

(46,373)

(2,596,310)

-

-

-

(153)

- (42,708,336)

(3,754,428)

(534,376)

(596,588)

(497,367)

(53,121,197)

(d) Transfer/gain on revaluation/change in fair value*

-

-

(76,781)

-

-

-

-

- 300,937,447

19,615,556

2,636,134

1,902,457

1,949,860

326,964,673

(e) Accretion of discount/(amortisation of premium) (Net)

(124,322)

(31,455)

198,210

(1,481)

(3,746)

(1,270)

(4,212)

(166)

4,469,913

136,187

7,021

72,945

272,395

4,990,019

Sub-total

21,209,032

1,484,855

24,209,489

33,912

172,706

118,701

4,782,106

44,338 379,505,320

28,202,191

3,200,559

6,268,381

5,144,167

474,375,757

Other income

Contribution from the Shareholders' account

(Refer note 3.50 of schedule 16)

- towards excess of Expense of Management

-

-

979,474

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

979,474

- towards deficit funding and others

490,087

-

12,748,635

4,872

-

1,524,727

-

-

-

-

-

14,768,321

Income on unclaimed amount of policyholders

(Refer note 2.22 & 3.6 of schedule 16)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

435,391

-

-

-

-

435,391

Fees and charges (Refer note 2.3.6 of schedule 16)

244,688

400

243,357

-

-

-

-

152

310

-

-

-

-

488,907

Miscellaneous income

1,116

15

1,551

36

27

1

581

10

5,554

66

19

663

58

9,697

Sub-total

735,891

415

13,973,017

4,908

27

1

1,525,308

162

441,255

66

19

663

58

16,681,790

Total (A)

65,169,622

4,183,233

91,917,356

318,570

649,706

281,026

29,231,944

374,666 575,449,782

30,457,405

3,605,314

28,103,375

11,049,269

840,791,268

Commission

2

3,277,779

1,653

4,991,920

-

-

-

349,669

34,391

6,333,540

10,101

2,759

367

-

15,002,179

Operating expenses related to Insurance business

3

3,482,737

22,156

15,768,581

3,925

3,459

3,155

396,746

155,301

6,728,566

133,363

39,882

112,458

32,307

26,882,636

Provision for doubtful debts (Refer note 2.8 of schedule 16)

3,116

42

5,493

-

-

-

394

497

8,470

338

183

-

(62)

18,471

Bad debts written off

4,355

3

3,520

3

-

-

301

33

9,852

32

4

9

64

18,176

Provisions (other than taxation)

(a) For diminution in the value of investments (Net)

(Refer 3.28 of schedule 16)

201,234

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

201,234

(b) Others

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Goods & Service Tax charge on linked charges

(Refer note 2.16.2 of Schedule 16)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

5,934,060

230,692

183,406

107,923

90,296

6,546,377

Total (B)

6,969,221

23,854

20,769,514

3,928

3,459

3,155

747,110

190,222

19,014,488

374,526

226,234

220,757

122,605

48,669,073

Benefits paid (Net)

4

12,155,683

659,916

11,572,911

2,490

322,703

89,969

3,408,254

26,462 151,692,657

19,903,497

484,074

18,483,675

6,444,332

225,246,623

Interim bonus paid

1,159,281

3,030

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,162,311

Change in valuation of policy liabilities

(Refer note 2.10 & 3.3 of schedule 16)

(a) Gross**

42,039,215

2,914,043

78,571,086

312,152

280,337

158,523

25,076,580

(1,100,862)

(358,150)

(218,899)

(47,135)

5,799

8,648

147,641,337

(b) Amount ceded in reinsurance

-

- (19,975,629)

-

-

-

-

933,644

-

-

-

-

-

(19,041,985)

(c) Amount accepted in reinsurance

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(d) Fund reserve

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

- 371,468,546

9,603,500

2,551,137

9,362,205

4,351,052

397,336,440

(e) Funds for discontinued policies

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

17,871,201

(565,977)

-

-

-

17,305,224

Total (C)

55,354,179

3,576,989

70,168,368

314,642

603,040

248,492

28,484,834

(140,756) 540,674,254

28,722,121

2,988,076

27,851,679

10,804,032

769,649,950

Surplus/(deficit) (D) =(A)-(B)-(C)

2,846,222

582,390

979,474

-

43,207

29,379

-

325,200

15,761,040

1,360,758

391,004

30,939

122,632

22,472,245

Provision for taxation (Refer note 2.16.1 & 3.8 of schedule 16)

(a) Current tax credit/(charge)

(1,418,455)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(1,418,455)

(b) Deferred tax credit/(charge)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Surplus/(deficit) after tax

1,427,767

582,390

979,474

-

43,207

29,379

-

325,200

15,761,040

1,360,758

391,004

30,939

122,632

21,053,790

Appropriations

Transfer to Shareholders' account

766,213

38,750

979,474

-

43,207

29,379

-

325,200

15,761,040

1,360,758

391,004

30,939

122,632

19,848,596

Transfer to other Reserves

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Balance being funds for future appropriation

661,554

543,640

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,205,194

Total

1,427,767

582,390

979,474

-

43,207

29,379

-

325,200

15,761,040

1,360,758

391,004

30,939

122,632

21,053,790

Details of Surplus after tax

(a) Interim bonuses paid

1,159,281

3,030

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,162,311

(b) Allocation of bonus to policyholders'

5,736,632

345,727

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

6,082,359

(c) Surplus shown in the Revenue Account

1,427,767

582,390

979,474

-

43,207

29,379

-

325,200

15,761,040

1,360,758

391,004

30,939

122,632

21,053,790

Total Surplus

8,323,680

931,147

979,474

-

43,207

29,379

-

325,200

15,761,040

1,360,758

391,004

30,939

122,632

28,298,460

Funds for future appropriation

(Refer note 2.11 & 3.4 of schedule 16)

Opening balance as at April 1, 2020

9,685,327

2,641,278

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

12,326,605

Add: Current period appropriation

661,554

543,640

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,205,194

Balance carried forward to Balance Sheet

10,346,881

3,184,918

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

13,531,799

Significant accounting policies & notes

16

* Represents the deemed realised gain as per norms specified by the Authority

** Represents Mathematical Reserves after allocation of bonus:

Managing Director & CEO

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 001076N / N500013

DIN: 00943629

DIN: 07225354

DIN: 03620913

DIN: 00066009

Sagar Lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

Souvik Jash

Sonali Chandak

Partner

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Company Secretary

Membership No. 111855

Membership No. 042423

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 16, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 001076N / N500013

DIN: 00943629

DIN: 07225354

DIN: 03620913

DIN: 00066009

Sagar Lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

Souvik Jash

Sonali Chandak

Partner

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Company Secretary

Membership No. 111855

Membership No. 042423

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 16, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 001076N / N500013

DIN: 00943629

DIN: 07225354

DIN: 03620913

DIN: 00066009

Sagar Lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

Souvik Jash

Sonali Chandak

Partner

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Company Secretary

Membership No. 111855

Membership No. 042423

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 16, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

Asha Murali, Appointed Actuary (ceased to be Appointed Actuary w.e.f.

July 31, 2021)

Souvik Jash, Appointed Actuary w.e.f. December 3, 2021

Relatives of Key management personnel as per AS-18 disclosure

Name of the related party

Nature of relationship

Mr. N. S. Kannan

Ms. Asha Murali*

Mr. Souvik Jash**

Spouse

Kumudalakshmi Rangarajan

P.A. Murali

Soma Jash

Parent

Narayanan Sudha

P.S. Nagaraj

Sobha Jash

Brother/ Sister

Narayanan Raghunathan

Rekha Somayajula

Samik Jash

Narayanan Rangarajan

Krishna Nagaraj

Children

Aditi Kannan

Rajiv Murali

Sayantan Jash

*Ceased to be Appointed Actuary w.e.f. July 31, 2021

**Appointed Actuary w.e.f. December 3, 2021:

Managing Director (‘MD’) /Chief Executive Officer (‘CEO’) /

Whole Time Directors (‘WTD’), which have prescribed certain qualitative

and quantitative disclosures. The disclosures for year ended March 31,

2022 are given below:

Remuneration to MD/CEO/WTD:

Qualitative disclosures:

A) Information relating to the bodies that oversee remuneration.

Name, composition and mandate of the main body overseeing

remuneration:

The Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee (BNRC/Committee)

is the body which oversees aspects pertaining to remuneration. The

functions of the Committee include identifying persons who are qualified

to become Directors and who may be appointed in senior management in

accordance with the criteria laid down and recommending to the Board

their appointment and removal and formulating a criteria and specifying the

manner for effective evaluation of every individual director’s performance,

evaluation of the performance of the Board and its committees, and

reviewing its implementation and compliance; considering to extend or

continue the term of appointment of the Independent Director, on the

basis of the report of performance evaluation of Independent Directors;

recommending to the Board a policy relating to the remuneration for the

Directors, key management persons and other employees; recommending

to the Board all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior

management; ensuring that the level and composition of remuneration

is reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate Directors of

the quality required to run the Company successfully; ensuring that the

relationship of remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate

performance benchmarks; approving the compensation program and

ensuring that remuneration to Directors, key management persons and

senior management involves a balance between fixed and incentive

pay reflecting short and long term performance objectives appropriate

to the working of the Company and its goals; formulating the criteria

for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence

of a Director; devising a policy on diversity of the Board; considering

and approving employee stock option schemes and administering and

supervising the same; ensuring that the proposed appointments/re-

appointments of key management persons or Directors are in conformity

with the Board approved policy on retirement/superannuation; scrutinising

the declarations of intending applicants before the appointment/re-

appointment/election of Directors by the shareholders at the annual

general meeting; and scrutinising the applications and details submitted

by the aspirants for appointment as the key management person.:

Managing Director & CEO, Other wholetime Directors, non-executive Directors,

Key Management Person (KMP), Senior Management Personnel (SMP) and

other employees was last amended and approved by the BNRC and the Board

at its Meeting held on April 17, 2021 and April 19, 2021 respectively.

Type of employees covered and number of such employees:

All employees of the Company are governed by the Compensation Policy.

The total number of permanent employees governed by the Compensation

Policy of the Company at March 31, 2022 was 15,530.

B)

Information relating to the design and structure of

remuneration process.

Key features and objectives of remuneration policy:

The Company has historically followed prudent compensation practices

under the guidance of the Board and the BNRC. The Company’s approach to

compensation is based on the ethos of meritocracy and fairness within the

framework of prudent risk management. This approach has been incorporated

in the Compensation Policy, the key elements of which are given below:

Effective governance of compensation:

The Company follows prudent compensation practices under the guidance

of the BNRC and the Board. The decision relating to the remuneration of

the: Managing

Managing Director up to June 14, 2020. Mr. Sandeep

Bakhshi received a remuneration of ` 3,234,810, Mr. Sandeep Batra received ` 2,073,422 and Mr. Puneet Nanda received ` 2,217,512 which is the deferred variable pay

(paid during FY2022).

1Allowances include Superannuation. For Mr. Puneet Nanda, allowances also include Interest subsidy. Additionally, a sum of ` 25,236,750 towards gratuity and ` 4,250,400

towards leave encashment was transferred during FY2021 to ICICI Ventures upon transfer of Mr. Puneet Nanda.

2Perquisites are evaluated as per Income-Tax rules wherever applicable, and exclude perquisites on Provident Fund and perquisites on exercise of stock options, if any. Stock

options exercised during the year does not constitute remuneration paid to the wholetime directors and accordingly is not considered here.:

Managing Director & CEO of ICICI Prudential

Life Insurance Company Limited

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

(: Managing Director & CEO)

Service

ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management

Limited (Non-Executive Director &

letter dated February 18, 2021 in relation to tax charged to

participating line of business in FY2014-15.

3.51. Potential impact due to outbreak of COVID-19

Business Operations

During the year, lockdown restrictions were eased and economic activity resumed across the country. The learnings from the lockdown imposed in the

country due to two waves of COVID-19 and the digital preparedness has helped the Company manage challenges posed by the omnicron wave effectively.

These learnings will continue to guide the Company in managing any challenges posed by COVID-19 in future as well.

The facility to WFH was provided to the employees of the Company only through Company systems, which are hardened and are configured with requisite

data security controls. The usual operations of the Company are carried out through remote location/ WFH via secured servers.

There have been no material changes in the controls or processes followed in the financial statement closing process of the Company. The Company has

tested all the material controls over financial reporting as at March 31, 2022 and found them to be operating effectively.

Valuation of investment assets

The investment assets for the Company primarily include assets held to cover linked liability, assets for participating policyholder, assets for non-participating

(investment) policyholder, assets for other non-participating policyholders and assets pertaining to shareholders’.:

Managing Director & CEO

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 001076N / N500013

DIN: 00943629

DIN: 07225354

DIN: 03620913

DIN: 00066009

Sagar Lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

Souvik Jash

Sonali Chandak

Partner

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Company Secretary

Membership No. 111855

Membership No. 042423

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 16, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:00066009

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

__________________

Sonali Chandak

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: April 16, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 001076N / N500013

DIN: 00943629

DIN: 07225354

DIN: 03620913

DIN: 00066009

Sagar Lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

Souvik Jash

Sonali Chandak

Partner

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Company Secretary

Membership No. 111855

Membership No. 042423

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 16, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 001076N / N500013

DIN: 00943629

DIN: 07225354

DIN: 03620913

DIN: 00066009

Sagar Lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

Souvik Jash

Sonali Chandak

Partner

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Company Secretary

Membership No. 111855

Membership No. 042423

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 16, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 001076N / N500013

DIN: 00943629

DIN: 07225354

DIN: 03620913

DIN: 00066009

Sagar Lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

Souvik Jash

Sonali Chandak

Partner

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Company Secretary

Membership No. 111855

Membership No. 042423

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 16, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 001076N / N500013

DIN: 00943629

DIN: 07225354

DIN: 03620913

DIN: 00066009

Sagar Lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

Souvik Jash

Sonali Chandak

Partner

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Company Secretary

Membership No. 111855

Membership No. 042423

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 16, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 001076N / N500013

DIN: 00943629

DIN: 07225354

DIN: 03620913

DIN: 00066009

Sagar Lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

Souvik Jash

Sonali Chandak

Partner

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Company Secretary

Membership No. 111855

Membership No. 042423

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 16, 2022:

Managing Director and CEO

Asha Murali, Appointed Actuary (Ceased to be Appointed Actuary w.e.f. July 31, 2021)

Souvik Jash, Appointed Actuary w.e.f. December 3, 2021

Relatives of Key management personnel as per AS-18 disclosure

Nature of relationship

Mr. N. S. Kannan

Ms. Asha Murali*

Mr. Souvik Jash**

Spouse

Kumudalakshmi

Rangarajan

P.A. Murali

Soma Jash

Parent

Narayanan Sudha

P.S. Nagaraj

Sobha Jash

Brother/ Sister

Narayanan Raghunathan

Rekha Somayajula

Samik Jash

Narayanan Rangarajan

Krishna Nagaraj

Children

Aditi Kannan

Rajiv Murali

Sayantan Jash

*Ceased to be Appointed Actuary w.e.f. July 31, 2021

**Appointed Actuary w.e.f. December 3, 2021

Schedules

forming part of consolidated financial statements (continued):

Managing Director & CEO

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Reg. No. 001076N / N500013

DIN: 00943629

DIN: 07225354

DIN: 03620913

DIN: 00066009

Sagar Lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

Souvik Jash

Sonali Chandak

Partner

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Company Secretary

Membership No. 111855

Membership No. 042423

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 16, 2022:

letter from ICICI

Prudential, stating that, to the best of ICICI Prudential’s knowledge, the

data and information provided to us is accurate and complete and that

there are no material inaccuracies or omissions therein.

An actuarial assessment of the components of value of a life insurance

company will not necessarily be consistent with the value of a life

insurance company or a portfolio in the open market and should not be

interpreted in that manner.

The Results are based on a series of assumptions as to future operating

experience. It should be recognised that actual experience will differ from

these assumptions on account of changes in the operating and economic

environment and natural variations in experience. To the extent that actual

experience is different from the assumptions, the future projected profits

from which the Results are derived will also differ. The Report includes

various sensitivity results to illustrate how vulnerable the IEV and VNB

results are to changes in assumptions for the key risks. The Results shown

are presented at the valuation dates stated and no warranty is given by

Milliman that future experience after these valuation dates will be in line

with the assumptions made.

Milliman is not a tax expert and is not able to provide tax or accounting

advice. Accordingly, it is acknowledged that no reliance will be placed on

Milliman, its Partners, or employees with respect to any tax or accounting

issue. The allowance for taxation reflected in the Results is based on the

Company’s interpretation of applicable tax regulations. The Results do not

reflect any allowance for withholding or other taxes (if any) that may apply

to the payment of future shareholder dividends or on remittances out of

India.

The Results have been determined on a going concern basis, and assume

a stable economic, legal and regulatory environment going forward. Any

change in the general operating environment would add a high degree of

uncertainty to the Results. There is continuing uncertainty regarding the

longer-term impact of COVID-19 on the economic, legal, and regulatory

environment, and the level and nature of business activity, which could

materially impact the Results.

Unless explicitly stated, the Results do not consider any external (including

regulatory) developments after the valuation date of 31 March 2022.

Yours faithfully,

Richard Holloway FIAI

Partner:

Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary as defined under section 203(1) of the Companies Act, 2013.

20. Turnover rate for permanent employees:

FY2022

FY2021

FY2020

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Permanent Employees*

25%

30%

27%

15%

15%

15%

23%

26%

23%

*Includes all employees except frontline sales

V. HOLDING, SUBSIDIARY AND ASSOCIATE COMPANIES (INCLUDING JOINT VENTURES)

21. (a) Names of holding/subsidiary/associate companies/joint ventures:

Name of the holding/ subsidiary /

associate companies / joint ventures

(A)

Indicate whether

holding/subsidiary/

Associate/Joint Venture

% of shares

held

Does the Company indicated

at Column A, participate in

the Business Responsibility

initiatives of the listed

Company? (Yes/No)

1.

ICICI Bank Limited

Holding Company

51.32

No

2.

ICICI Prudential Pension Funds

Management Company Limited

Subsidiary

100

Yes

VI. CSR DETAILS

22. (i)

Whether Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013: Yes

(ii) Turnover: ` 363.21 billion

(iii) Net worth: ` 91.63 billion:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00066009

Category: Executive Director

9. Does the Company have a specified

Committee of the Board/ Director

responsible for decision making on

Sustainability related issues? (Yes/

No). If yes, provide details.

Yes.

The overall responsibility of the Company’s governance, ethics and sustainability practices rests with the Board

and the Board Committees that play a key role in identifying, mitigating and managing ESG risks and other

material issues. We have various Board committees for managing sustainability related issues including the

Audit Committee, Risk Management Committee, Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee and Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee. From time to time, the Board also reviews various aspects of ESG focus areas.

We also have a Sustainability Committee comprising senior leaders who oversee implementation of ESG-

related policies, initiatives and monitor these practices.

We have a risk governance structure which consists of the Board, the Board Risk Management Committee

(BRMC) and the Executive Risk Committee (ERC) which is supported by appropriate sub-committees.

Sustainability risk forms a part of our Board risk policy.

2 The use by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance of any MSCI ESG Research LLC or its affiliates (‘MSCI’) data and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names

herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance by MSCI. MSCI services and data are the property of

MSCI or its information providers and are provided ‘as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.

3 Copyright ©2022 Sustainalytics. All rights reserved. This [publication/ article/ section] contains information developed by Sustainalytics (www.sustainalytics.com). Such

information and data are proprietary of Sustainalytics and/or its third party suppliers (Third Party Data) and are provided for informational purposes only. They do not constitute

an endorsement of any product or project, nor an investment advice and are not warranted to be complete, timely, accurate or suitable for a particular purpose. Their use is

subject to conditions available at https://www.sustainalytics.com/legal-disclaimers.

NOTES TO THE PRINCIPLES

P1

The Company is committed to adopting the highest business, governance, ethical and legal standards in the conduct of its operations through the

following Board approved policies:

a) Code of Conduct :

The Code of Conduct defines the professional and ethical standards that employees & Directors need to adhere to in compliance with all

applicable statutory laws, regulations and internal policies. All employees affirm compliance with the Code of Conduct every year.

All employee related grievances are investigated as per the grievance redressal framework and actions on employees, if any, are decided by the

Governance Council. The grievances & related trends are reviewed monthly by the Chief – Human Resources. Sexual harassment complaints

received are reported to the Board annually.

b) Compliance Policy :

The Compliance Policy ensures that the products, customer offerings and services and activities of the Company conform to rules and

regulations, transparency and integrity in the Company’s interactions with all stakeholders and promote a compliance culture that upholds

accountability and zero tolerance for impropriety. The Board Audit Committee is updated on key compliance deviations and audit observations.

The risks and impact arising out of the issues along with management action plan are presented to the Board Audit Committee.

c) Anti-Money Laundering & Counter financing of Terrorism (AML/CFT) Policy :

The AML/CFT Policy seeks to prevent the Company’s business channels / products / services from being used as a medium for money

laundering and thereby protecting its reputation by establishing a framework for customer acceptance, customer identification, classification,

monitoring, reporting of transactions, risk management and creating an awareness. Exception reporting under AML/CFT policy, if any, are made

to Board Audit Committee.:

Managing Director & CEO,

other Whole-Directors (WTDs), non-executive Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management Personnel and other employees.

The Compensation and Benefits Policy is based on the philosophy of providing a compensation structure to enable flexibility to staff members

to tailor benefits as per their needs. Benefits entail options for mediclaim, maternity, company leased accommodation and car, house rent

allowance, meal allowance, gift allowance etc. 100% of our employees have health insurance, accident insurance, maternity benefits and

paternity benefits. Matters pertaining to Compensation and Benefits Policy are periodically reviewed and approved by the Board Nomination

and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors.

b) Policy on salary advance to employees:

The policy is aimed at proposing guidelines for salary advance to employees of the Company for extending financial help in distress situations

where the employee has suffered financial loss on account of natural calamities.

Other internal policies that promote employee well-being include:

a) Leave Policies: These cater to various needs of employees through policies around Privilege Leave, Sick Leave, Maternity Leave, Paternity

Leave, Adoption Leave and paid leave for COVID-19 recovery.

b) Flexible work arrangements: Flexibility in work arrangements enable the Company to have a diverse workforce and cater to varying lifestage

needs of employees, through the Part-time Employment Policy, Sabbatical Policy and Fixed-Term Employment arrangement.

c) Executive Health Check-up Policy: The Company enables preventive health care for eligible employees through this policy, with enhanced

benefits incorporated after the pandemic.

d) Education Assistance Policy: The Company encourages ongoing skill development through the reimbursement of expenses towards

ongoing education for eligible employees, apart from the various other learning & development interventions.

e) Employee Children’s Education Scholarship Scheme: This policy enables eligible employees to meet the educational requirements of their

children who have demonstrated academic excellence.

f)

Employee Children’s Sports Scholarship Scheme: This policy aids eligible employees to actively invest in their children’s interest and talent

in sports.:

letter, website/mobile app, contact centre, sourcing intermediary and social media. Our approach to grievance

resolution includes a thorough review of the profile and concerns of the customer, the product offered, fact-finding and evidence

gathering both from the customer and sourcing intermediary (as maybe applicable). We aim to offer the best possible solution to the

customer after taking into account the findings of the investigation and extant policies, rules and guidelines. In case of dissatisfaction

with the resolution, the customer has the option to escalate to the next level for redressal.

The Company’s CSR policy is our commitment to provide resources and support activities focused on enhancing economic and social

development by supporting programmes around the focus areas of education, skill development and sustainable livelihood, health

care for the under-privileged, encouraging employee volunteering and extending support for disaster relief and rehabilitation. The

Company contributes 70% of its annual CSR budget to ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth (ICICI Foundation) which undertakes CSR

initiatives for the ICICI group and the balance 30% of the CSR funds is deployed to directly undertake various initiatives to serve the

underserved.

6.

Number of complaints on the following issues made by employees.

Category

FY2022

FY2021

Filed during

the year

Pending

resolution at the

end of the year

Remarks

Filed during

the year

Pending

resolution at the

end of the year

Remarks

Sexual Harassment

12*

4^

-

8*

-

-

Discrimination at workplace

-

-

-

-

-

-

Child Labour

-

-

-

-

-

-

Forced Labour/ Involuntary Labour

-

-

-

-

-

-

Wages

-

-

-

-

-

-

Other human rights related issues

-

-

-

-

-

-

* The complaints have been investigated as per the process and within the TAT as defined under The Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition

and Redressal) Act, 2013.

^Out of the four complaints pending as on March 31, 2022, two complaints stand resolved as on the date of the report.:

letter, website, mobile application, contact centre,

sourcing intermediaries and social media. Our process to manage a customer’s grievance includes a thorough review of the

customer’s concern and investigation through fact-finding and evidence. We offer the best possible solution after a review of

the customer’s profile and product offered after taking feedback from the sourcing intermediary (as applicable). If a customer

is not satisfied with the resolution, he or she can escalate it to our Company touchpoint (level 01), Grievances Redressal Officer

(level 02) and Grievances Redressal Committee (level 03).

External avenues such as the Ombudsman office and the IRDAI are also available to the policyholder, details of which are made

available on the Company website and in the policy document.

The Company has a digital grievance management platform to upload, respond and monitor disposal of customer grievances.

The process of complaint redressal from grievance registration to resolution is as follows:

Registration of Complaint

The Company’s digital complaint management platform collates the complaints received through emails, website or social

media. The complaints are registered with the service recovery team, which is an independent central grievance redressal (GR)

body. Complaints received through the IRDAI or National Consumer Helpline are also directed to the GR team.

Complaint acknowledgement

On registration of a complaint, an acknowledgement is sent to the customer informing that the complaint is being investigated

and assuring that a response shall be provided within the regulatory turnaround time.

Assignment of Complaint

The GR team investigates the facts and the evidence. Depending on the subject of the complaint, the GR team also directs

the complaint to the department concerned as part of its investigation efforts. Response received by the department is then

evaluated.

Complaint Evaluation

The facts of the case are noted and the area of concern is reviewed. All complaints are handled by the GR team to ensure a

prompt, fair and an effective resolution. The team analyses the problem and assesses the root cause of the conflict. The team

takes a decision for the resolution of the complaint. Feedback is also provided to the relevant department to ensure that the

same problem does not recur.

Resolution

The customer is informed of the decision by the GR team and the steps for resolution. If a customer is not satisfied with

the resolution, they can escalate the issue to the Grievances Redressal Officer and beyond that to the Grievances Redressal

Committee.

The GR team monitors the redressal of all complaints and the quality of response provided to the customer. It also monitors

pendency and regularly shares its analysis with the Company.The summary of grievances are reviewed by the Board Customer

Service and Policyholders’ Protection Committee and reported to the Board of Directors of the Company.

PRINCIPLE 9: BUSINESSES SHOULD ENGAGE WITH AND PROVIDE VALUE TO THEIR CONSUMERS

IN A RESPONSIBLE MANNER:

