letter dated July 28, 2022 regarding convening

Twenty-Seventh Annual General Meeting (‘the AGM’) of the Members of the

Company on Friday, August 26, 2022 at 4:30 p.m. (IST).

Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III and Regulation 34 of SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing

Regulations’), we enclose herewith Notice of the Twenty-Seventh AGM of the

Members of the Company to be held on Friday, August 26, 2022 at 4:30 p.m. (IST)

and the Annual Report of the Company for the financial year 2021-22 along with the

Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report.

The AGM will be held through Video Conferencing/Other Audio Visual Means in

compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, rules framed

thereunder read with MCA’s General Circular No. 2/2022 dated May 5, 2022 read

with General Circulars Nos. 02/2021 dated January 13, 2021, 20/2020 dated May 5,

2020, 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 and Listing

Regulations.

The said Notice of the Twenty-Seventh AGM, the Annual Report and the Business

Responsibility and Sustainability Report have also been uploaded on the website of

the Company www.icicisecurities.com.

Kindly take the above information on record.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,

For ICICI Securities Limited

Raju Nanwani

Company Secretary

Encl.: As above

RAJU NANIKRAM

NANWANI

Digitally signed by RAJU

NANIKRAM NANWANI

Date: 2022.08.02 17:10:23

+05'30':

Managing Director & CEO of the

Company, be paid the following remuneration with

effect from April 1, 2022:

Basic Salary:

` 2,59,35,120/- per annum effective April 1, 2022.

Allowances:

Basket of allowances that would include House Rent

Allowance, Leave Travel Allowance, Conveyance,

personal

pay,

Supplementary

Allowance,

etc.

of ` 1,84,23,612/- per annum.

Performance

Bonus

FY2023:

An

amount

upto 70% of Basic and allowances (target bonus),

as may be determined by the Nomination &

Remuneration Committee and the Board. If the

bonus, as determined, is greater than or equal to

` 25 lakhs, 50% of the bonus would be paid upfront

and balance 50% equally deferred over three years.

Superannuation allowance will not be considered for

calculation of target bonus.

Perquisites:

Perquisites (evaluated as per Income-tax Rules,

wherever applicable and at actual cost to the Company

in other cases) like the Company Car value of upto ` 1

Crore (once in five years), car running & maintenance

expenses on actuals, soft furnishing allowance,

telephone and internet usage at residence or

reimbursement of expenses in lieu thereof, provision

of gas, electricity and water, club memberships,

group life insurance, personal accident insurance,

medical insurance for hospitalization coverage

and domiciliary medical expenses for self and

dependents, leave and children scholarship as per

employees children scholarship scheme and interest

subsidy for housing loan for purchase of residential

property up to a maximum value of ` 8 Crore and

other such perquisites & benefits, as applicable from

time to time, and as may be determined by the Board/

Nomination & Remuneration Committee.

Retirement Benefits: Provident fund, Gratuity

and other retirement benefits, in accordance with

the scheme(s) and rule(s) applicable to the retired

Whole-time Directors of the Company or the members

of the staff, as the case may be, from time to time, for

the aforesaid benefits, as may be determined by the

Board or the Nomination & Remuneration Committee

in accordance with the Compensation Policy of the

Company. Superannuation allowance will be paid as

part of supplementary allowance.

Bonus for FY2022: ` 2,78,28,790/- (of which 50%

was paid upfront and balance 50% to be deferred

equally over three years).

RESOLVED

further

that

Mr.

Vijay

Chandok

(DIN: 01545262) be granted employee stock options

of the Company from time to time.

RESOLVED further that pursuant to the relevant

provisions of the Act, in the event of absence

or inadequacy of net profit in any financial year,

the remuneration payable to Mr. Vijay Chandok

(DIN: 01545262) would be of the nature for which

the approvals have been obtained from the Board

of Directors and the shareholders of the Company,

subject to applicable law, including the Act and the

rules made thereunder and any other regulatory,

statutory

and

governmental

approvals,

as

may be necessary.

RESOLVED further that the Board of Directors of the

Company (including the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee) be and is hereby authorised to do all

such acts, deeds, things and take such actions as

may be required to give effect to this resolution.

7. Revision in remuneration payable to Mr. Ajay

Saraf (DIN: 00074885), the Executive Director

of the Company:

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following

Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

RESOLVED that subject to the applicable provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the rules

made thereunder and the provisions of the Articles

of Association of the Company, Mr. Ajay Saraf

(DIN: 00074885), Executive Director of the Company,

be paid the following remuneration with effect from

April 1, 2022::

Managing Director & CEO, Executive Directors or

the Whole-time Directors (collectively referred to

as ‘Eligible Employees’, as defined in Scheme) in

accordance with the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations.:

Letter by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution/

Authority: Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab

in the Login section or send scanned certified true

copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the Board Resolution/

Authority Letter, etc. authorizing its representative

to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM on its

behalf and to vote, to the Scrutinizer at e-mail ID:

scrutinizer@dholakia-associates.com with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. The scanned image

of the above mentioned documents should be in the

naming format ‘Corporate Name_EVEN.’

12. It is strongly recommended not to share your

password

with

any

other

person

and

take

utmost care to keep your password confidential.

Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

13. Process for obtaining User ID and Password/AGM

Notice and Annual Report for those Members

whose e-mail ids are not registered:

I.

In case shares are held in physical mode, please

provide Folio No., Name and address of shareholder,

e-mail id, scanned copy of the share certificate

(front and back), self-attested scanned copy of PAN

card and self-attested scanned copy of Aadhaar

Card by e-mail to investors@icicisecurities.com

or einward.ris@kfintech.com.

II.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please

provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or

16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master

or copy of Consolidated Account statement,

self-attested scanned copy of PAN card and

self-attested scanned copy of Aadhaar Card to

investors@icicisecurities.com.

III. Alternatively, Member may send an e-mail

request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for obtaining

User ID and Password by providing the details

mentioned in Point (I) or (II), as the case may be.

14. In case a person has become the Member of the

Company after the dispatch of AGM Notice but on or

before the cut-off date i.e. Friday, August 19, 2022, he/

she may send an e-mail request to evoting@nsdl.co.in

for obtaining User ID and password by providing

the details mentioned in Point 13 (I) or 13 (II), as the

case may be. However, if he/she is already registered

with NSDL for remote e-voting, then he/she can use

his/her existing User ID and password for casting

his/her vote. If you forgot your password, you can

reset your password by using “Forgot User Details/

Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?”

option

available

on

www.evoting.nsdl.com.

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat

mode who acquire shares of the Company and

become Members of the Company after sending

of the Notice and hold shares as of the cut-off date

i.e. Friday, August 19, 2022 may follow the steps as

mentioned in point 8 above.

letter mentioning name, folio

number and complete address;

b. self-attested scanned copy of the PAN Card;

c.

self-attested scanned copy of any document

(such as AADHAAR Card, Driving License,

Election Identity Card, Passport) in support

of the address of the Member as registered

with the Company;

d. name and branch of Bank in which dividend is to

be received and Bank Account type;

e. bank account number allotted by the Bank after

implementation of Core Banking Solutions;

f.

11 digit IFSC Code; and

g. self-attested scanned copy of cancelled cheque

bearing the name of the Member or first holder,

in case shares are held jointly.

29. Members holding shares in dematerialised mode

are requested to intimate all changes pertaining to

their bank details, ECS mandates, e-mail addresses,

nominations, power of attorney, change of address/

name, etc. to their DPs only and not to the Company

or KFINTECH. Any such changes effected by the

DPs will automatically reflect in the Company’s

subsequent records.

30. SEBI has mandated the submission of PAN by every

participant in the securities market. Members holding

shares in electronic form are requested to submit their

PAN to their DPs. Members holding shares in physical

form shall submit their PAN details to KFINTECH.

31. Members may avail the nomination facility as

provided under Section 72 of the Act.

32. In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars and

SEBI Circular dated May 13, 2022 read with SEBI

Circulars dated January 15, 2021 and May 12, 2020,

the Annual Report including the Report of the Board

of Directors, Auditors’ Report, Financial Statements,

Notice of this AGM, etc. is being sent only through

electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail

addresses are registered with the Company/R&TA/

Depositories. Members may note that the Notice of

the AGM and Annual Report will also be available on

the Company’s website at www.icicisecurities.com,

website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com and

websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. National Stock

Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited. In terms

of SEBI Circular dated May 13, 2022, the Members

desirous of obtaining the hard copy of the Annual

Report may send request from their registered e-mail

address mentioning their name, DP ID and Client ID/folio

number and PAN at investors@icicisecurities.com /

IR@icicisecurities.com.

33. Members who have not registered/updated their

e-mail address with KFINTECH/Company may

write to einward.ris@kfintech.com, if shares are

held in physical mode or with their DPs, if shares

are held in electronic mode, for receiving all future

communications from the Company including Annual

Reports, Notices, Circulars, etc. electronically.

34. Non-Resident Indian Members are requested to

inform their respective DPs, immediately of:

•

Change in their residential status on return to

India for permanent settlement.:

Managing Director & CEO

of the Company:

The Board of Directors of the Company has, at its meeting

held on April 20, 2022, based on the recommendation of

the Nomination & Remuneration Committee, approved

the revised remuneration payable to Mr. Vijay Chandok

(DIN: 01545262) with effect from April 1, 2022, subject to

the approval of the Members of the Company.

Pursuant to the provision of Section 197 of the Companies

Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), the details of revised remuneration

of the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO;

•

Executive Directors; and

•

Whole-time Directors.

The following categories of employees of the

Company, its group companies, including associate,

holding and subsidiary company shall be excluded

from the Scheme:

•

an employee who is a Promoter or belongs to

the Promoter Group; and

•

a Director who either by himself or through his

relatives or through anybody corporate, directly

or indirectly holds more than 10% (ten percent)

of the outstanding equity Shares of the Company.

Notwithstanding anything contained hereinabove,

an employee of the Company who upon Grant of

Units under the Scheme is transferred/moved by the

Company to the Holding Company, Subsidiary or an

Associate Company prior to Vesting of such Units,

such person shall be treated as an “Employee” to the

extent of Vesting and Exercise of such Units already

granted under the Scheme.

Selection of Eligible Employees and quantum of

distribution of Units could vary at the discretion

of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee

(‘NRC’/’Committee’) of the Board. While making such

selection, the Committee may consider factors such

as length of service, grade, performance, conduct,

present contribution, potential contribution of the

Eligible Employee or such other factors as the

Committee may decide relevant. The grants under

the Scheme shall be made in one or more tranches

as may be determined by the Committee over a

period of five years from the date of approval of the

Scheme by the shareholders.

Besides continuity of employment, vesting shall

also be dependent on achievement of certain

performance conditions. After vesting, the Eligible

Employees may exercise the vested Units within the

pre-defined exercise period. Each Unit is convertible

into one equity share (‘Share’) of the Company upon

vesting and exercise.:

Managing Director & CEO, Executive

Director or Whole-time Director but prior to vesting

or exercise, the vesting and exercise as per the terms

of grant shall continue even after such re-designation.

E. MAXIMUM PERIOD WITHIN WHICH THE UNITS

SHALL BE VESTED

Units granted under this Scheme shall vest not later

than the maximum vesting period of 4 (four) years.

F. EXERCISE PRICE OR PRICING FORMULA

Exercise price shall be the face value of equity shares

of the Company i.e. ` 5/- for each unit (as adjusted for

any changes in capital structure of the Company).

In addition, the Employee shall also be liable to pay to

the Company the amount equivalent to the value of the

perquisite tax and such taxes, as may be applicable,

payable on exercise of the Units in accordance with

the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and other

applicable laws at the relevant time.:

Managing Director & CEO,

Executive Director or Whole-time Director of the

Company but prior to exercise, the exercise as per

the terms of grant shall continue even after such

re-designation.

The Committee may at its discretion, do all such

acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary/

desirable to facilitate exercise of Units by the

Eligible Employees.

H. THE APPRAISAL PROCESS FOR DETERMINING

THE ELIGIBILITY OF EMPLOYEES FOR THE

SCHEME

In determining eligibility criteria for grant of Units

as well as in determining the number of Units to

be granted to an Eligible Employee, the Committee

may consider factors such as length of service,

grade, performance, merit, conduct, present and

potential contribution of the Eligible Employee or

such other factors as the Committee may decide

from time to time.

I.

MAXIMUM NUMBER OF UNITS TO BE OFFERED/

ISSUED PER EMPLOYEE AND IN AGGREGATE

Maximum of 1,61,38,000 (One Crore Sixty One Lakh

and Thirty Eight Thousand) Units, shall be granted

in one or more tranches, which shall entitle the

Unit holder to one fully paid-up equity share of face

value of ` 5/- each of the Company (as adjusted for

any changes in capital structure of the Company)

against each Unit exercised and accordingly, up to

1,61,38,000 (One Crore Sixty One Lakh and Thirty

Eight Thousand) equity shares of face value of ` 5/-

each shall be allotted to all Eligible Employees taken

together under the Scheme. The Unit grants under

the Scheme shall be made in one or more tranches

as may be determined by the Committee from the

date of approval of this resolution.

The maximum number of Units granted to an

individual Eligible Employee in a year shall not

exceed 1,00,000 Units (One Lakh).

J. MAXIMUM

QUANTUM

OF

BENEFITS

TO

BE PROVIDED PER EMPLOYEE UNDER THE

SCHEME

The maximum quantum of benefits to the Employees

under the Scheme will depend upon the market price

of the equity shares of the Company considered for

the purpose of grant of Units.

K. WHETHER THE SCHEME IS TO BE IMPLEMENTED

AND

ADMINISTERED

DIRECTLY

BY

THE

COMPANY OR THROUGH A TRUST

The Scheme shall be implemented and administered

directly by the Company.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Prior to

joining the Company, Mr. Chandok served as the Executive Director of ICICI Bank Limited

(‘the Bank’), responsible for the International Banking, Small and Medium Enterprises (SME)

businesses, global markets and commercial banking businesses of the Bank. He also served

as a Director on the Boards of ICICI Bank UK PLC and ICICI Bank Canada Limited and was the

Chairman of ICICI Investment Management Company Limited.

Mr. Chandok has been with the ICICI Group since 1993 and has worked across corporate,

retail and rural banking prior to his portfolio above which he held as a Member of the Board

of ICICI Bank Limited. Under Mr. Chandok’s leadership, the Bank won numerous accolades.

He also served as Vice Chairman of ICICI Home Finance Company Limited from April 13,

2009 to April 8, 2010.

Mr. Chandok holds a Master’s degree in Management Studies from Narsee Monjee Institute

of Management Studies, Mumbai (NMIMS). He also holds a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical

Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology (Banaras Hindu University), Varanasi

(formerly IT-BHU). In 2017, Mr. Chandok was conferred with a Distinguished Alumnus

Award from NMIMS University.

Other Directorships

NMIMS Business School Alumni Association

Chairmanship/Membership

of Committees in companies

in which position of Director

is held

ICICI Securities Limited:

Stakeholders Relationship Committee (Member)

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (Member)

Risk Management Committee (Member)

Information Technology Committee (Member)

Investment Committee (Chairman)

Commitment Committee (Chairman)

IT Risk and Information/Cyber Security Committee (Chairman)

Customer Service Council (Chairman)

Product Committee (Chairman)

Asset Liability Forum (Chairman)

PMS Review Forum (Chairman)

Relationship

with

other

Directors,

Managers

and

other

Key

Managerial

Personnel of the Company

None

No. of equity shares held in

the Company as on date

Nil

No. of board meetings held/

attended during the year

6/6

Terms and conditions of

appointment or re-appointment

Please refer to the Resolution and Explanatory Statement for Item No. 6 relating to revision

in remuneration.

Details of remuneration last

drawn (period from April 1,

2021 to March 31, 2022)

Remuneration paid for the period from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022:

Basic - ` 2,44,67,040/-

Allowances - ` 2,44,54,548/-. Allowances include components like house rent allowance,

leave travel allowance, conveyance, personal pay, supplementary allowance, domiciliary

medical reimbursement. Superannuation equivalent amount is paid as part of allowances.

Also includes home loan interest subsidy.

Performance Bonus – Nil.

Contribution to provident fund - ` 29,36,040/-

Contribution to gratuity fund - ` 20,38,104/-

Perquisites – ` 57,02,526/-. Perquisites (evaluated as per Income-tax Rules, wherever applicable,

and at actual cost to the Company in other cases) like the Company Car value upto ` 1 Crore, car

running & maintenance expenses on actuals, soft furnishing allowance, telephone and internet

usage at residence or reimbursement of expenses in lieu thereof, provision of gas, electricity and

water, club memberships, group life insurance cover, personal accident insurance cover, medical

insurance for hospitalization coverage and domiciliary medical expenses for self and dependents,

leave and children scholarship as per employees children scholarship scheme and interest

subsidy for housing loan for purchase of residential property up to a maximum value of ` 8 Crore.

Details

of

remuneration

sought to be paid

As set out in the Resolution at Item no. 6 of the notice:

Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer of ICICI Securities Limited from 2004 to 2007. The name of ICICI Securities

Limited was changed to ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited in 2007. He was

the Chairman of the Board of Directors of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited

from August 2007 to May 2009 and the: Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

of our Company from August 2007 to January 2009. He has also worked with ICICI

Foundation for Inclusive Growth as Co-President from September 2010 to March 2011

and as President from April 2011 to July 2014.

Other Directorships

None

Listed entities from which

the Director has resigned in

the past three years

Nil

Managing Director of Bank of India. She was also a Whole Time Member (Finance and

Investment) in the IRDAI.

Other Directorships

1) Aditya Birla Capital Limited

2) Religare Enterprises Limited

3) GIC Housing Finance Limited

4) Poonawalla Fincorp Limited (Formerly known as Magma Fincorp Limited)

5) Computer Age Management Services Limited

6) L & T Infrastructure Development Projects Limited

7) Axis Mutual Fund Trustee Limited

8) L&T Metro Rail (Hyderabad) Limited

9) Avanse Financial Services Limited

10) BFSI Sector Skill Council of India (Section 8 Company)

Listed entities from which

the Director has resigned in

the past three years

1) Arihant Superstructures Limited

2) Dhani Services Limited

3) Aditya Birla ARC Limited

Chairmanship/Membership

of

Committees

in

companies

in

which

position of Director is held

ICICI Securities Limited:

Risk Management Committee (Chairperson)

Stakeholders Relationship Committee (Chairperson)

Audit Committee (Member)

Investment Committee (Member)

Aditya Birla Capital Limited:

Audit Committee (Chairperson)

Stakeholders Relationship Committee (Chairperson)

PIT Regulation Committee (Chairperson)

IT Strategy Committee (Member)

Religare Enterprises Limited:

Audit and Governance Committee (Chairperson)

Group Risk Management Committee (Member)

RPT-Sub Committee (Member)

Asset Liability Committee (Member)

GIC Housing Finance Limited:

Asset Liability Management Committee (Chairperson)

IT Strategy Committee (Chairperson)

Risk Management Committee (Member)

Wilful Defaulter Committee (Member)

Poonawalla Fincorp Limited (Formerly known as Magma Fincorp Limited):

Audit Committee (Member)

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (Member)

Risk Management Committee (Member)

Computer Age Management Services Limited:

Nomination & Remuneration Committee (Chairperson)

Risk Management Committee (Chairperson)

Audit Committee (Member)

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (Member)

L & T Infrastructure Development Projects Limited:

Audit Committee (Member)

Axis Mutual Fund Trustee Limited:

Audit Committee (Member)

Avanse Financial Services Limited:

Nomination & Remuneration Committee (Chairperson)

Audit Committee (Member)

Risk Management Committee (Member):

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of I-Sec PD. He has rich experience in

the Indian Treasury markets and has been instrumental in contributing to a number of

developmental efforts with respect to product development, widening and deepening of

the Indian Institutional market. He has been a part of various committees formed by RBI,

SEBI and FIMMDA for the development of new products in India.

He is currently the Vice Chairman of FIMMDA (Fixed Income Money Market and

Derivatives Association of India), Additional Vice Chairman of FEDAI (Foreign Exchange

Dealers’ Association of India) and Director on the Board of CCIL (The Clearing Corporation

of India Limited).

He is a Chartered Accountant, Cost Accountant and a member of the CFA institute.

Other Directorships

1) ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited

2) The Clearing Corporation of India Limited

3) Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association of India

4) Foreign Exchange Dealers’ Association of India

Listed entities from which

the Director has resigned in

the past three years

Nil

Chairmanship/Membership

of

Committees

in

companies

in

which

position of Director is held

ICICI Securities Limited:

Risk Management Committee (Member)

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited:

Audit Committee (Member)

Nomination & Remuneration Committee (Member)

Risk Committee (Member)

IT Strategy Committee (Member)

The Clearing Corporation of India Limited:

Risk Committee of Directors (Member)

Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association of India:

Technical Committee of Market Practices (Member)

Foreign Exchange Dealers’ Association of India:

Managing Committee (Member)

Relationship

with

other

Directors, Managers and

other

Key

Managerial

Personnel of the Company

None

No. of equity shares held in

the Company as on date

Nil

No. of board meetings held/

attended during the year

N.A.

Terms

and

conditions

of

appointment

or re-appointment

Please refer to the Resolution and Explanatory Statement for Item No. 11

Details of remuneration last

drawn (period from April 1,

2021 to March 31, 2022)

N.A.

Details

of

remuneration

sought to be paid

Nil:

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Ajay Saraf

Executive Director

Key Management Personnel

Mr. Harvinder Jaspal

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Raju Nanwani

Company Secretary

Mandatory Board Committees

Audit Committee

Nomination & Remuneration Committee

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Risk Management Committee

Bankers

ICICI Bank Limited

Statutory Auditors

B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Registration number 101248W/W-100022)

Registered Office

ICICI Venture House, Appasaheb Marathe Marg,

Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400 025

Corporate Office

Shree Sawan Knowledge Park,

Plot No. D-507,

T.T.C. Industrial Area, MIDC, Turbhe,

Navi Mumbai - 400 705

ICICI Securities Limited

Corporate Overview

03:

Message from the Chairman

10

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22:

Dear Shareholders

FY2022 proved to be an encouraging year for the

equity market amid a calibrated opening up of

economic activities in India, despite the lingering on

of the COVID-19 pandemic. Strong retail participation

translated into growth in market volumes, and flows

into the mutual fund industry turned positive during

the fiscal. This was also a year of record fund-raising

activities and heightened levels of transactions in terms

of deals in the primary market, despite the headwinds

triggered by the geopolitical turmoil towards the end of

the financial year. Investments in financial products like

mutual fund, etc., witnessed traction, which, in turn, led

to growth in SIPs.

The consolidation of clients and volumes with digital

players in the industry was another noticeable trend that

pushed the growth momentum. With pricing pressure

stabilising, the focus has shifted to providing better

experiences to consumers through their life cycles.

MARKETS ON THE UPTICK

Coupled with the continuing vaccination drive, the

positive industry developments significantly boosted

the market sentiment during the year, with corporate

earnings also contributing to a strong market rally.

The stock markets witnessed a massive influx of new

investors amid the work-from-home trend during the

pandemic. Both in terms of NSE active clients and the

total number of Demat accounts as a proxy, FY2022

witnessed year-on-year growth in retail client additions.

The number of new demat accounts being opened

during the year increased from 14.3 Million in FY2021 to

34.6 Million in FY2022, a growth of almost 2.5X, making

FY2022 the year with highest number of demat accounts

opened in any financial year till date.

Indian equities closed FY2022 with robust gains of 19%

for the NIFTY50, with the broader indices (mid and

small caps) outperforming the NIFTY50. The escalated

geopolitical tension due to Russia-Ukraine war and the

Fed announcements in the US of quantitative tightening

in the latter part of the year kept the benchmark indices

range-bound in the second half of FY2022 after hitting

an all-time high in October 2021.

During the year, we witnessed a very interesting

phenomenon, which to my mind, displays the maturity

of Indian markets and investors. While the Foreign

Portfolio Investors (FPI) outflows in FY2022 (US$26.7

Billion) exceeded the outflow seen post the Global

Financial Crisis (GFC) of FY2009, it had a relatively low

impact on the benchmark indices (large, mid and small

caps) as Domestic Institutional Investors (DIIs) absorbed

FPI selling pressure and arrested any deep correction,

which has usually happened during periods of past FPI

pull-outs. DIIs were net buyers across FY2022 totalling

US$29.5 Billion.

REGULATORY INTERVENTIONS INFUSE

POSITIVITY

Amid these industry and market transformations, India

also witnessed a series of significant developments on

the regulatory front. The new margin trading norms

have taken full effect in FY2022 and the industry has

settled around it. To further strengthen investors’

protection, SEBI has discontinued pooling of funds

and/or units by stock brokers / clearing members in

any form for mutual fund transactions, curbing the risk

of any misuse of clients’ funds and securities by the

brokers. As against the T+2 settlement cycle earlier,

industry players are now required to undertake phase-

wise implementation of T+1 settlement cycle, giving

investors quicker access to cash on sale, and securities

when buying.

34.6 Million

New demat accounts

opened in FY2022

ICICI Securities Limited

Corporate Overview

11:

Dear Shareholders

The global volatility of the past

two years has put the spotlight

on India’s robust economic

foundations. During the year,

global markets faced upheavals

due to unprecedented inflation

as a result of accommodative

fiscal policy followed by most

central banks, supply chain

disruptions post COVID-19

pandemic, and further

compounded by the Russia-

Ukraine conflict.

The new strategic approach

we adopted during the

year is mapped to the

emerging opportunities

activated by the

transformational landscape.

14

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22:

Managing Director and CEO engage

directly with all employees on this platform, and keep

them apprised about the Company’s performance,

strategy updates and employee wellbeing

Senior Leadership Townhalls: We conduct regular

townhalls with cross team business leaders, giving

employees the opportunity to interact with the senior

leadership

ICICI Securities Day: We mark the ICICI Securities

Day every year as an acknowledgement and

celebration of our success as an organisation. On the

occasion, we also recognise and felicitate individuals

and teams who exemplify our achievement

orientation and cultural ethos. This year’s theme was

’Working together’

Employee Feedback: At I-Sec, feedback is a

continuous process, and we have integrated a

feedback application with our ‘AMIGO’ mobile

application to take feedback from employees on

real-time basis. We also seek such feedback through

branch visits, focussed group discussions, etc.

Employee Wellness: Besides ensuring a safe and

secured infrastructure for employees to work, we

also conduct periodic communication and sessions

on various safety aspects. Extending support to

employees to meet any exigency in their personal

life, we have arranged for dedicated doctors at

two of our corporate offices on daily basis. Our

mobile application ‘AMIGO’ helps employees mark

themselves safe during any pandemic/natural

calamities and raise an alarm during exigency.

We follow stringent guidelines to ensure safety of

employees and visitors. Other employee wellness

initiatives include monitoring the air quality at our

corporate offices and conducting quarterly fire drill

training at all our branches and corporate offices.

During FY2022, we launched several initiatives to

promote the physical and mental well-being of

the employees. We have enhanced the employee

benefits, such as Group Term insurance and Personal

Accident insurance. Several sessions on health

& well-being were conducted in FY2022. 100%

of employees who were medically fit for COVID

vaccination were vaccinated. Through our 24x7,

mobile-based medical concierge facility, 1,908

unique employees and 1,154 family members availed

medical consultation including mental health and

counselling sessions

ICICI Securities Limited

Corporate Overview

55:

Managing Director & CEO, that is responsible

for reviewing all aspects and customer service and

quality standards in all our interactions with customers.

The Council thoroughly reviews customer feedback,

complaints, deliberates on proactive measures for

enhancing customer experience and monitors NPS

across an exhaustive spectrum of touchpoints.

PRODUCT GOVERNANCE FORUM

We have constituted a Product Governance Forum

comprising Business, Research, Risk & Compliance to

oversee new third-party products to be distributed by

the Company. The forum focusses on reviewing such

products keeping the customer’s best interest in mind.

Towards this end, the forum reviews areas such as

product features, suitability and merits / demerits of

products and tie-ups with third parties.

Social

Sharpening Our

Customer-Centric Focus

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

58:

Managing Director, Executive Director, Chief

Technology Officer, Head Risk, and members from

key business divisions

ICICI Securities Limited

Corporate Overview

61:

Managing Director & CEO

M

M

M

7

Mr. Ajay Saraf

Executive Director

M

M

M

8

M

To view individual Director’s profile, please visit www.icicisecurities.com --> About us --> Board of Directors

ICICI Securities Limited

Corporate Overview

67:

Managing Director & Chief Business Officer,

SBI Funds Management Limited

PWM Customer, Bengaluru

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

68:

Managing Director,

Vedant Fashions Limited

Chairman & MD,

Newgen Software Technologies Limited

ICICI Securities Limited

Corporate Overview

69:

Managing Director & CEO, Ajay Saraf (DIN: 00074885)

- Executive Director, Harvinder Jaspal - Chief Financial

Officer and Raju Nanwani - Company Secretary are the

Key Managerial Personnel as per the provisions of the

Act and the rules made thereunder.

Changes in the composition of the Board of

Directors and other Key Managerial Personnel

The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on April 21,

2021, based on the recommendation of the Nomination

& Remuneration Committee, had re-appointed Ashvin

Parekh (DIN: 06559989) as an Independent Director of

the Company for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years

with effect from August 25, 2021 upto August 24, 2026,

subject to the approval of the Members of the Company

by way of Special Resolution. Accordingly, the Members

of the Company, at the AGM held on August 18, 2021,

have approved the re-appointment of Ashvin Parekh

(DIN: 06559989), as an Independent Director of the

Company for a second term of 5 (five) years with effect

from August 25, 2021 till August 24, 2026.

The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on April 21,

2021, based on the recommendation of the Nomination

& Remuneration Committee, had re-appointed Ajay Saraf

(DIN: 00074885) as an Executive Director of the Company

for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years or uptil his

retirement, whichever is earlier, with effect from May 25,

2021 upto May 24, 2026, subject to the approval of the

Members of the Company. Accordingly, the Members

of the Company, at the AGM held on August 18, 2021,

have approved the re-appointment of Ajay Saraf

(DIN: 00074885) as an Executive Director of the Company

for a period of 5 (five) years or uptil his retirement,

whichever is earlier, with effect from May 25, 2021 till

May 24, 2026.

The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on April 20,

2022, based on the recommendation of the Nomination

& Remuneration Committee, have re-appointed Subrata

Mukherji (DIN: 00057492) as an Independent Director of

the Company for a second term of 5 (five) consecutive

years with effect from November 29, 2022 upto November

28, 2027, subject to the approval of the Members of the

Company by way of Special Resolution. Accordingly,

approval of the Members is being sought at the

ensuing AGM for his re-appointment. Subrata Mukherji

(DIN: 00057492) is a person of high repute, integrity

and has rich and varied experience which will be an

invaluable input to the Company’s strategic direction and

decision making. His contributions and guidance during

the deliberations at the Board and Committee meetings

have been of immense help to the Company. Pursuant to

the provisions of Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment

and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, Subrata

Mukherji (DIN: 00057492) is not required to pass an

online proficiency self-assessment test conducted by the

‘Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs at Manesar’.

The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on April 20,

2022, based on the recommendation of the Nomination

&

Remuneration

Committee,

have

re-appointed

Vijayalakshmi Iyer (DIN: 05242960) as an Independent

Director of the Company for a second term of 5 (five)

consecutive years with effect from November 29, 2022

upto November 28, 2027, subject to the approval of the

Members of the Company by way of Special Resolution.

Accordingly, approval of the Members is being sought at

the ensuing AGM for her re-appointment. Vijayalakshmi

Iyer (DIN: 05242960) is a person of high repute, integrity

and has rich and varied experience which will be an

invaluable input to the Company’s strategic direction and

decision making. Her contributions and guidance during

the deliberations at the Board and Committee meetings

have been of immense help to the Company. Pursuant to

the provisions of Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment

and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, Vijayalakshmi

Iyer (DIN: 05242960) is not required to pass an online

proficiency self-assessment test conducted by the ‘Indian

Institute of Corporate Affairs at Manesar’.

Pramod

Rao

(DIN:

02218756),

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director of the Company tendered his

resignation from the Board of Directors of the Company

with effect from June 30, 2022.

The Board of Directors, pursuant to the provisions

of Section 161 of the Act, vide circular resolution

passed on June 28, 2022, appointed Pankaj Gadgil

(DIN:

08521239)

as

an

Additional

Director

(Non-executive

Non-Independent

Director)

on

the

Board of Directors of the Company with effect from

June 30, 2022, subject to regulatory approvals, to

hold office upto the date of the Twenty-Seventh AGM.

The regulatory approvals have since been received.

Pankaj Gadgil (DIN: 08521239), Additional Director

(Non-Executive

Non-Independent

Director)

of

the

Company tendered his resignation from the Board of

Directors of the Company with effect from July 19, 2022.

The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on July 21,

2022, pursuant to the provisions of Section 161 of the Act,

have appointed Prasanna Balachander (DIN: 02257744) as

an Additional Director (Non-executive Non-Independent

Director) on the Board of Directors of the Company with

effect from July 21, 2022, subject to regulatory approvals,:

letter and spirit.

Code of Conduct and Business Ethics

The Code of Conduct and Business Ethics (‘Code’) of

the Company aims at ensuring consistent standards

of conduct and ethical business practices across the

Company. This Code is reviewed atleast once in two

years and the latest Code is available on the website

of the Company (www.icicisecurities.com). Pursuant to

Listing Regulations, a confirmation from the Managing

Director & CEO regarding compliance with the Code by

all the Directors and senior management of the Company

forms part of the Annual Report.

Code of Conduct for Prohibition of Insider Trading

In accordance with the requirements of SEBI (Prohibition

of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, the Company has

instituted a comprehensive code of conduct to regulate,

monitor and report trading activities of its directors,

employees and other connected persons in the securities

of the Company as a listed entity and in the securities of

all the listed companies as SEBI registered intermediary.

Whistle Blower Policy

The Company has in place a Whistle Blower Policy (‘the

Policy’) which aims to set up a mechanism that enables

employees to report about potentially illegal and/or

unacceptable practices. It seeks to enable employees to

report such practices without fear of victimisation and

reprisal. The Policy aims to administer good governance

practices in the Company and to ensure that serious

concerns are properly raised and addressed.

The purpose of the Policy is to enable a person who

observes an unethical practice (whether or not a violation

of law) to approach Head - Compliance & Legal/Chairman

of Audit Committee without necessarily informing his/her

supervisors and without revealing his/her identity, if he/she

so chooses. The Policy governs reporting and investigation

of allegations of suspected improper activities.

The employees of the Company are encouraged to use

guidance provided in the Policy for reporting all allegations of

suspected improper activities. In all instances, the Company

retains the prerogative to determine when circumstances

warrant an investigation and accordingly, in conformity

with the Policy and applicable laws and regulations, the

appropriate investigative process is employed. The Policy

complies with the requirements of Vigil Mechanism as

stipulated under Section 177 of the Act and Regulation

22 of Listing Regulations.

Any employee who makes a disclosure or raises a concern

under the Policy will be protected, if the employee

discloses his/her identity, discloses the information in

good faith, believes it to be substantially true, does not

act maliciously nor makes false allegations and does not

seek any personal or financial gain. The Company strictly

prohibits any attempt of retaliation by anyone against any

employee who raises a concern under the Policy in good

faith. Nothing in this Policy precludes or is intended to

preclude a complainant from seeking a monetary award

from a Government, administrative or law enforcement

authority, as provided for by law.

The details of establishment of the Whistle Blower Policy/

Vigil Mechanism have been disclosed on the website of

the Company. Excerpts of Whistle Blower Policy can be

viewed at the following link:

https://www.icicisecurities.com/UPLOAD/ARTICLEIMAGES/

Whistleblower_Policy_One_Pager.pdf.

Dividend Distribution Policy

In accordance with Regulation 43A of Listing Regulations,

your Company has formulated a Dividend Distribution

Policy and the same is uploaded on the website of the

Company at the following link:

https://www.icicisecurities.com/UPLOAD/ARTICLEIMAGES/

ddp2017.pdf.:

Managing Director & CEO and the Chief Financial Officer

on the financial statements and internal controls relating

to financial reporting has been obtained.

Total fees for all services paid by the listed entity and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the

statutory auditor and all entities in the network firm/network entity of which the statutory auditor is a part:

` Million

Payments to the auditor

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For audit fees

7.3

8.4

For taxation matters

0.7

0.8

For other services

1.5

1.9

For reimbursement of expenses

0.7

0.8

Total

10.2

11.9

Credit Ratings obtained by the Company

Your Company has obtained credit rating from:

Name of the

credit rating

agency

Credit rating obtained

in respect of various

securities

Amount

(` in Million)

Ratings

Given

Issue Date/

Revalidation

Validity of

Rating

If Rating

Downgraded

(Specify reason)

CRISIL

Non-Convertible

Debentures

500.0

AAA/

Stable

March 2,

2022

180 days

Rating not

downgraded

CRISIL

Commercial Papers

110,000.0

CRISIL

A1+

March 2,

2022

30 days

Rating not

downgraded

ICRA

Non-Convertible

Debentures

500.0

AAA/

Stable

March 3,

2022

Review on

annual basis

Rating not

downgraded

ICRA

Commercial Papers

110,000.0

ICRA

A1+

March 3,

2022

3 months

Rating not

downgraded:

Managing Director

& CEO and the Executive Director, all other Directors

including the Chairman of the Board are Non-executive

Directors. There is a clear segregation of responsibility

and authority between the Directors and the executive

management. The: Managing Director & CEO and the

Executive Director oversee implementation of strategy,

achievement of the business plans and day-to-day

operations. There is an appropriate mix of Executive,

Non-executive and Independent Directors. The Board has

one Independent Woman Director. The Board functions

either as a full Board or through various Committees

constituted to oversee specific areas. The Board has,

inter alia, constituted requisite mandatory Committees,

viz., Audit Committee, Nomination & Remuneration

Committee,

Stakeholders

Relationship

Committee,

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and Risk

Management Committee. The constitution of these

Committees is in compliance with the provisions of the

Act and Listing Regulations.

The Board of Directors of the Company meets at regular

intervals to discuss and decide on business policy and

strategy apart from other business. The Board of Directors

met six times during FY2022 on April 21, 2021, July 20,

2021, September 24, 2021, October 19, 2021, January 18,

2022 and March 7, 2022.

There were no inter-se relationships between any of the

Directors of the Company. Further, except Anup Bagchi

(DIN: 00105962) Non-executive Non-Independent Director

who holds 1,932 equity shares of the Company as on

March 31, 2022, none of the Non-executive Directors

hold any equity shares or convertible instruments of the

Company.

The names of the Directors, their attendance at Board

Meetings during the financial year, attendance at the

last AGM and the number of other directorships and

committee memberships held by them as at the end of

FY2022 are set out in the following table:

Name of the Director

Number of Board

Meetings

Attendance at the

last AGM held on

August 18, 2021

No. of Directorships in

other Companies

Number of Committee

Memberships

(including this Company)#

Entitled

to Attend

Attended

Public

Companies

Other

Companies

No. of

Memberships

held in public

Companies#

No. of post of

Chairperson

held in Listed

entities#@

Independent Directors

Vinod Kumar Dhall,

Managing Director/Whole Time Director/

Manager (including Chief Executive Officer/Manager,

in case they are not part of the board) and shall

specifically include Company Secretary and the Chief

Financial Officer.

2. To evaluate the performance of the whole-time

Directors of the Company.

3. To evaluate the performance of the Board, the

individual Members of the Board and the Committees

of the Board on certain pre-determined parameters

as may be laid down by the Board as part of a

self-evaluation process or get such performance

evaluation done by an independent external agency

and review its implementation and compliance.

4. To determine and recommend to the Board from

time to time all remuneration, in whatever form,

including performance or achievement bonus, Long

Term Incentives and perquisites payable to the

whole-time Directors and the senior management of

the Company.

5. a.

To approve the policy for and quantum of

variable pay payable to the employees of the

Company.

b. To recommend to the Board a policy, relating

to the remuneration for the directors, key

managerial personnel and other employees.

6. To formulate code of ethics and governance.

7. To recommend, if required and based on merits,

to the Board Governance, Remuneration and

Nomination Committee of ICICI Bank Limited

(BGNRC of ICICI Bank) for its recommendation to the

Board of ICICI Bank for the grant of Employee Stock

Options of ICICI Bank to the whole-time Directors of

the Company.

8. To

formulate

the

criteria

for

determining

qualifications, positive attributes and independence

of a director.

9. To

formulate

the

criteria

for

evaluation

of

performance of independent directors and the

board of directors and to extend or continue the

term of appointment of the independent director,

on the basis of the report of performance evaluation

of independent directors.

10. To determine and recommend to the Board from time

to time, the amount of commission and fees payable

to the Directors within the applicable provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable

statutes, if any.

11. To devise a policy on diversity of the Board.

12. Performing such functions as are required to be

performed by the Committee under the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee

Benefits) Regulations, 2014 as amended from time to

time.

13. Performing such other activities as may be delegated

by the Board and/or specified/provided under the

Companies Act, 2013 or the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, or by

any other regulatory authority.

Composition

During FY2022, the composition of the Nomination &

Remuneration Committee (‘NRC’) was in compliance with

the provisions of Section 178, other applicable provisions

of the Act and Listing Regulations.

During FY2022, there was no change in the constitution

of NRC.

As at the end of FY2022, NRC comprised of following as

its members:

•

Ashvin Parekh (DIN: 06559989), Independent Director

(Chairman);

•

Vinod Kumar Dhall (DIN: 02591373), Independent

Director; and

•

Anup

Bagchi

(DIN:

00105962),

Non-executive

Non-Independent Director.

During FY2022, two meetings of NRC were held on

April 21, 2021 and July 20, 2021. The details of

the attendance at the meetings are set out in the

following table:

Name of the

Director

Number of

Meetings held

during the

tenure of the

Director

Number of

Meetings

attended

Ashvin Parekh

(Chairman)

2

2

Vinod Kumar Dhall

2

2

Anup Bagchi

2

2:

Managing Director &

CEO; and

•

Ajay Saraf (DIN: 00074885), Executive Director.

During FY2022, four meetings of CSR Committee were

held on April 15, 2021, July 15, 2021, October 13, 2021

and February 17, 2022. The details of the attendance at

the meetings are set out in the following table:

Name of the

Director

Number of

Meetings

held during

the tenure of

the Director

Number of

Meetings

attended

Vinod Kumar Dhall

(Chairman)

4

4

Vijay Chandok

4

4

Ajay Saraf

4

4

The Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility as

per the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy)

Rules, 2014 is given in Annexure D enclosed to this report.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Terms of Reference

1. Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the

listed entity including complaints related to transfer/

transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report,

non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/

duplicate certificates, general meetings, etc.;

2. Allotment of shares, approval of transfer or

transmission of shares, debentures or any other

securities;

3. Investigating complaints relating to allotment of

shares, approval of transfer or transmission of

shares, debentures or any other securities;

4. Issue of duplicate certificates and new certificates on

split/consolidation/renewal;

5. Review of measures taken for effective exercise of

voting rights by shareholders;

6. Review of adherence to the service standards

adopted by the listed entity in respect of various

services being rendered by the Registrar and Share

Transfer Agent;

7. Review of various measures and initiatives taken

by the listed entity for reducing the quantum of

unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt of

dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices

by the shareholders of the company; and

8. Carrying out any other function as may be decided

by the Board or prescribed under the Companies Act,

2013, the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, as amended, or any other

applicable law.:

Managing Director &

CEO; and

•

Ajay Saraf (DIN: 00074885), Executive Director.

During FY2022, four meetings of SRC were held on

April 15, 2021, July 15, 2021, October 13, 2021 and

January 13, 2022. The details of the attendance at the

meetings are set out in the following table:

Name of the

Director

Number of

Meetings

held during

the tenure of

the Director

Number of

Meetings

attended

Vijayalakshmi Iyer

(Chairperson)

4

3

Vijay Chandok

4

4

Ajay Saraf

4

4

Raju Nanwani, Company Secretary is the Compliance

Officer of the Company pursuant to the requirements of

Listing Regulations.

The SCORES website of SEBI for redressal of grievances

of the investors is being visited at regular intervals by

the officials of the Company. The Company had received

3 complaints from the shareholders during FY2022. As

at the end of FY2022, no complaints were pending.

Risk Management Committee

Terms of Reference

1. Formulate risk management policies which shall

include the framework for identification of internal

and external risks and measures for risk mitigation

including systems and processes for internal control

of identified risks:

a.

To approve and review risk management policies

in respect of the following:

i.

Financial Risk,

ii.

Sectoral Risk,

iii. Market Risk,

iv. Credit Risk,

v. Operations Risk,

vi. Fraud Risk,

vii. Information Technology Risk,

viii. Information Security and Cyber Security Risk,

ix. Liquidity Risk,

x. Surveillance Policy,

xi. Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery

Plans, and

xii. Environmental Social & Governance (ESG)

related risks.

b. To

periodically

review

the

above

risk

management policies, at least once in two years,

including by considering the changing industry

dynamics and evolving complexities.

c.

To monitor and oversee the implementation of

various risk management policies, including

evaluating the adequacy of risk management

systems.

d. To analyze and monitor various product limits as

well as the credit and market risks associated with

the different business activities of the Company.

2. ICAAP and Stress Testing:

a.

To review stress testing results;

b. To review the submission made to ICICI

Bank Limited for Internal Capital Adequacy

Assessment Process (ICAAP).

3. Risk Dashborad:

To review key risk indicators with respect to major

risk categories as detailed below on a quarterly basis:

a.

Credit risk

b. Market risk and implied market risk

c.

Liquidity risk

d. Operational risk

e. Technology risk including Cyber-Security threats

f.

Reputation risk

4. Ensure that appropriate methodology, processes

and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate

risks associated with the business of the Company:

a.

To review the operational loss data.:

Managing Director &

CEO;

•

Ajay Saraf (DIN: 00074885), Executive Director;

•

Ripujit Chaudhuri, Head - Risk; and

•

Harvinder Jaspal, Chief Financial Officer.

Note:

• Pankaj Gadgil (DIN: 08521239) was a Member of RMC during

the period from June 30, 2022 to July 19, 2022.

• Prasanna Balachander (DIN: 02257744) has been inducted into

RMC with effect from July 21, 2022.

During FY2022, four meetings of RMC were held on

April 15, 2021, July 15, 2021, October 13, 2021 and

January 13, 2022. The details of the attendance at the

meetings are set out in the following table:

Name of the

Member

Number of

Meetings

held during

the tenure of

the Member

Number of

Meetings

attended

Vijayalakshmi Iyer

(Chairperson)

4

3

Ashvin Parekh

4

4

Subrata Mukherji

4

4

Vijay Chandok

4

4

Ajay Saraf

4

4

Ripujit Chaudhuri

4

4

Harvinder Jaspal

4

4

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE FROM THE AUDITORS

The certificate obtained from a practicing company

secretary regarding compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations is given

in Annexure E.

A certificate from a company secretary in practice that

none of the directors on the Board of the Company have

been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or

continuing as directors of Companies by the Securities

and Exchange Board of India/Ministry of Corporate

Affairs or any such statutory authority as stipulated in

Listing Regulations is given in Annexure F.

PERFORMANCE EVALUATION OF THE BOARD,

COMMITTEES AND DIRECTORS

The Company has in place an evaluation framework for

evaluation of the Board, Directors and Chairman. The Board

also carries out an evaluation of the working of the Audit

Committee, Nomination & Remuneration Committee,

Stakeholders

Relationship

Committee,

Corporate

Social Responsibility Committee and Risk Management

Committee. The evaluation of the Committees is based:

Managing Director & CEO

Ajay Saraf –

Executive Director

Period

April 1, 2021 –

March 31, 2022

April 1, 2021 –

March 31, 2022

Basic

2,44,67,040

1,09,74,600

Performance Bonus paid out in FY20221

-

1,14,06,911

Allowances2

2,44,54,548

1,34,32,752

Perquisites3

57,02,526

7,20,021

Contribution to provident fund

29,36,040

13,16,952

Contribution to gratuity fund

20,38,104

9,14,184

Stock Options of the Company (Numbers)

Granted in FY2022

-

1,36,000

Granted in FY2021

5,86,000

1,32,500

Stock Options of ICICI Bank Limited (Numbers)

Granted in FY2022

Nil

Nil

Granted in FY2021

Nil

Nil

Note: For the year ended March 31, 2022, the remuneration details pertain to the amount paid/options granted during FY2022.

1 The bonus amount paid in FY2022 includes the deferred portion of bonus approved in earlier years, wherever applicable.

2 Allowances include components like house rent allowance, running and maintenance expenses of car (including fuel, repairs and maintenance,

insurance, driver’s salary), leave travel allowance, supplementary allowance.

3 Perquisites (evaluated as per Income Tax rules wherever applicable and otherwise at actual cost to the Company) such as the benefit of the gas,

electricity, soft furnishing, club fees, group insurances like mediclaim, personal accident and life insurance, Company car (including fuel, repairs

and maintenance, insurance, driver’s salary), telephone and internet usage at residence or reimbursement of expenses in lieu thereof, domiciliary

medical reimbursement, leave, children education benefits, interest subsidy on home loan, were provided in accordance with the scheme(s) and rule(s)

applicable from time to time.

DETAILS

OF

REMUNERATION

PAID

TO

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

As per the provisions of Section 197 of the Act, the fees

payable to a Non-executive Director for attending a

Meeting of the Board or Committee thereof are decided

by the Board of Directors from time to time within the

limits prescribed by the Act and the rules thereunder.

During FY2022, the Directors were paid an amount of

` 1,00,000/- as sitting fees for attending each meeting of the

Board and the Audit Committee and ` 50,000/- as sitting fees

for attending each meeting of other Committees of the Board.

Information on the total sitting fees paid to each

Independent Director during FY2022 for attending

meetings of the Board and its Committees is set out in

the following table:

Name of the Director

Amount (`)

Vinod Kumar Dhall (DIN: 02591373)

9,00,000

Ashvin Parekh (DIN: 06559989)

18,50,000

Subrata Mukherji (DIN: 00057492)

17,50,000

Vijayalakshmi Iyer (DIN: 05242960)

13,00,000

As per the remuneration framework of the Company for

the Non-executive Directors, profit related commission

of ` 10,00,000/- was paid to each of the Independent

Directors during FY2022 for their tenure during FY2021.

Disclosures required with respect to Section 197

(12) of the Act

The ratio of remuneration of each Director to the median

employee’s remuneration and such other details in

terms of Section 197 (12) of the Act read with Rule 5

of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 are provided below:

(i) The ratio of the remuneration of each director

to the median fixed pay of the employees of

the Company for the financial year:

The ratio of remuneration for the Whole-time

Directors is as under:

Vijay Chandok,: Managing Director & CEO = 96:1

Ajay Saraf, Executive Director = 51:1

The ratio of remuneration for the Independent

Directors is as under:

Vinod Kumar Dhall,

letter with minimum period of

one year between the date of granting and vesting of

options or such other period as may be required under

applicable laws. The options may be exercised at any

time after vesting but not exceeding five years from the

date of vesting of the options or as may be determined

by the NRC.:

Managing Director &

CEO; and

3. Reporting of internal auditor directly to the Audit

Committee.

GREEN

INITIATIVES

IN

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

In line with the ‘Green Initiative’, the Company has

effected electronic delivery of Notice of AGM, Annual

Report and Postal Ballot Notices to those Members

whose e-mail IDs are registered with the Company/

Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company/

respective Depository Participants, viz., NSDL/CDSL. The

Act and the underlying rules as well as Regulation 36 of

Listing Regulations, permit the dissemination of financial

statements and annual report in electronic mode to the

Members. Your Directors are thankful to the Members

for actively participating in the Green Initiative and seek

your continued support for implementation of the Green

Initiative. In order to support the cause, we will continue

to request members to register/update their e-mail ids

with their Depository Participants so as to enable the

Company to send various communications through

electronic mode. We believe and endorse the ‘Green

Initiative’ as it would not only rationalise the use of paper

but also ensure prompt communication, avoid loss in

transit and have reference value of the communication.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

The Company is grateful to the Securities and Exchange

Board of India, National Stock Exchange of India Limited,

BSE Limited, National Securities Depository Limited,

Central Depository Services (India) Limited, The Insurance

Regulatory and Development Authority of India, The

Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority,

other statutory authorities, its bankers and lenders for

their continued co-operation, support and guidance. The

Company wishes to thank its investors for their support.

The Directors express their gratitude for the support

and guidance received from the Company’s Holding

Company, viz., ICICI Bank Limited and other group

companies and also expresses their warm appreciation to

all the employees of the Company for their commendable

teamwork, professionalism and contribution during the

year. The Directors extend their sincere thanks to the

clients of the Company for their support.

AWARDS & RECOGNITION

•

‘National CSR Award in Financial Services Sector’ By

‘Global Safety Summit Awards’

•

Asia’s Promising Business leaders 2021-22 to

Mr. Vijay Chandok, by The Economic Times

•

Business Icon of India 2022 to Mr. Vijay Chandok by

Marksmen Media

•

CFO of the Year - Medium Enterprises - Servicing industry

to Mr. Harvinder Jaspal by The Financial Express

•

Best Wealth Management Platform of The Year Quantic

Annual BFSI Technology Excellence Awards 2022

•

Best Domestic Private Bank – India Asian Private

Banker, Awards for Distinction 2021

•

Best Financial Management Specialists – India APAC

Insider, Business awards 2021

•

Best Wealth Management Provider – India - 2021 World

Finance, Wealth Management Awards 2021-22

•

Best private bank - HNWIs, India Asset Triple A,

Private Capital Awards 2021

•

Best private bank for self-directed investments, Asia

PWM Wealth Tech Awards 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

Date: July 21, 2022

Place: Mumbai:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Date: April 20, 2022

Sd/-

Raju Nanwani

Sd/-

Harvinder Jaspal

Place: Mumbai

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

4

4

3.

Ajay Saraf

Executive Director

4

4

3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved

by the Board are disclosed on the website of the Company:

Web-link

to

view the composition

of

the CSR Committee: https://www.icicisecurities.com/Upload/

ResearchAttachments/Composition_of_Committees_of_the_Directors.pdf

Web-link to view the CSR Policy:

https://www.icicisecurities.com/UPLOAD/ARTICLEIMAGES/CSR_Policy.pdf

Web-link to view the CSR projects approved by the Board: https://www.icicisecurities.com/CSR.aspx

4. Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of

rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach

the report):

Refer Annexure

5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies

(Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial

year, if any: Not Applicable:

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman, CSR Committee

Date: July 21, 2022

Date: July 21, 2022

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai:

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral part of this

report.:

letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide

a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

Practicing Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Makarand M. Joshi

Partner

FCS No. 5533

CP No. 3662

UDIN: F005533D000140063

Peer Review No: 640/2019

Place: Mumbai

Date: April 18, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No : 117377

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 20, 2022

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No : 117377

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 20, 2022

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2022

(` million)

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

Revenue from operations

(i)

Interest income

22

7,184.3

3,444.7

(ii)

Dividend income

0.4

0.2

(iii)

Fees and commission income

-

Brokerage income

15,525.9

15,045.2

-

Income from services

11,016.8

6,957.4

(iv)

Net gain on fair value changes

23

588.7

386.4

(v)

Others

29.5

20.5

(I)

Total revenue from operations

34,345.6

25,854.4

(II)

Other income

24

23.4

-

(III) Total income (I+II)

34,369.0

25,854.4

Expenses

(i)

Finance costs

25

2,731.7

1,067.6

(ii)

Fees and commission expense

1,846.8

1,397.2

(iii)

Impairment on financial instruments

26

(69.4)

(41.0)

(iv)

Operating expense

27

1,139.6

767.6

(v)

Employee benefits expenses

28

6,517.2

5,749.9

(vi)

Depreciation, amortization and impairment

11 & 36

625.1

541.6

(vii)

Other expenses

29

3,080.2

2,063.8

(IV) Total expenses (IV)

15,871.2

11,546.7

(V)

Profit/(loss) before tax (III -IV)

18,497.8

14,307.7

(VI)

Tax expense:

40

(1)

Current tax

4,564.0

3,605.4

(2)

Deferred tax

138.4

26.8

4,702.4

3,632.2

(VII) Profit/(loss) for the year (V-VI)

13,795.4

10,675.5

(VIII) Other comprehensive income

(i)

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

(a)

Remeasurement of defined employee benefit plans

(3.5)

33.4

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit

or loss

0.9

(8.3)

Other comprehensive income

(2.6)

25.1

(IX) Total comprehensive income for the year (VII+VIII) [comprising

profit/(loss) and other comprehensive income for the year]

13,792.8

10,700.6

(X)

Earnings per equity share: (Face value ` 5/- per share)

30

Basic (in `)

42.77

33.14

Diluted (in `)

42.59

33.07

Significant accounting policies:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No : 117377

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 20, 2022

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No : 117377

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 20, 2022

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Standalone Cash Flow Statement

for the year ended March 31, 2022:

Managing Director and CEO

viii) Ajay Saraf

– Executive Director:

Managing Director and CEO of ICICI Bank Limited

ii) Anup Bagchi

– Executive Director of ICICI Bank Limited

iii) Uday Chitale

– Independent Director of ICICI Bank Limited

iv) Subramanian Madhavan

– Independent Director of ICICI Bank Limited

v) Vishakha Mulye

– Executive Director of ICICI Bank Limited

vi) Girish Chandra Chaturvedi – Non-Executive (part-time) Chairman of ICICI Bank Limited

vii) Hari L. Mundra

– Independent Director of ICICI Bank Limited

f.

Relatives of Key Management Personnel

i)

Minal Bakhshi

– Daughter of Sandeep Bakhshi

ii) Esha Bakhshi

– Daughter of Sandeep Bakhshi

iii) Mona Bakhshi

– Spouse of Sandeep Bakhshi

iv) Shivam Bakhshi

– Son of Sandeep Bakhshi

v) Ashwin Pradhan

– Son-in-law of Sandeep Bakhshi

vi) Animesh Bagchi

– Father of Anup Bagchi

vii) Rajni Chaturvedi

– Spouse of Girish Chandra Chaturvedi

viii) Pranav Batra

– Son of Sandeep Batra

ix) Vivek Mulye

– Spouse of Vishakha Mulye

x) Vignesh Mulye

– Son of Vishakha Mulye

xi) Poonam Chandok

– Spouse of Vijay Chandok

xii) Simran Chandok

– Daughter of Vijay Chandok

xiii) Saluni Chandok

– Daughter of Vijay Chandok

xiv) Sarika Saraf

– Spouse of Ajay Saraf

xv) Avantica Saraf

– Daughter of Ajay Saraf

xvi) Ayuj Saraf

– Son of Ajay Saraf

xvii) Ajay Saraf – HUF

– HUF of Ajay Saraf

xviii) Bhuwan Kumar Chaturvedi – Brother of Girish Chandra Chaturvedi

xix) Krishnakumar Subramanian – Brother of Vijayalakshmi Iyer

g. Entity controlled or jointly controlled by KMP of ICICI Bank: ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth

The following transactions were carried out with the related parties in the ordinary course of business.

Income and Expense items:

(For the year ended)

(` million)

Nature of Transaction

Holding Company

Subsidiary

Company

Fellow Subsidiary

Companies

Associate

Company

March

31, 2022

March

31, 2021

March

31, 2022

March

31, 2021

March

31, 2022

March

31, 2021

March

31, 2022

March

31, 2021

Income from services and

brokerage (commission and fees)

246.7

564.2

-

-

-

-

-

-

ICICI Home Finance Company Limited

-

-

-

-

7.5

8.8

-

-

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance

Company Limited

-

-

-

-

637.5

557.5

-

-

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership

Limited

-

-

-

-

1.2

0.0

-

-:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No : 117377

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 20, 2022

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No : 117377

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 20, 2022

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No : 117377

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 20, 2022

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2022

(` million)

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

Revenue from operations

(i)

Interest income

22

7,185.1

3,448.7

(ii)

Dividend income

0.4

0.2

(iii)

Fees and commission income

-

Brokerage income

15,525.9

15,045.2

-

Income from services

11,020.2

6,960.7

(iv)

Net gain on fair value changes

23

588.7

386.4

(v)

Others

29.5

20.5

(I)

Total Revenue from operations

34,349.8

25,861.7

(II)

Other income

24

35.0

-

(III) Total Income (I+II)

34,384.8

25,861.7

Expenses

(i)

Finance costs

25

2,736.8

1,072.8

(ii)

Fees and commission expense

1,665.6

1,221.6

(iii)

Impairment on financial instruments

26

(69.4)

(41.0)

(iv)

Operating expense

27

1,139.6

769.0

(v)

Employee benefits expenses

28

6,644.1

5,879.6

(vi)

Depreciation, amortization and impairment

11 & 35

625.3

541.8

(vii)

Other expenses

29

3,115.2

2,110.1

(IV) Total Expenses (IV)

15,857.2

11,553.9

(V)

Profit/(loss) before tax (III -IV)

18,527.6

14,307.8

(VI)

Tax expense:

39

(1)

Current tax

4,564.0

3,604.2

(2)

Deferred tax

137.6

26.4

4,701.6

3,630.6

(VII) Profit/(loss) for the year (V-VI)

13,826.0

10,677.2

(VIII) Other comprehensive income

(i)

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

(a)

Remeasurement of defined employee benefit plans

(3.5)

33.4

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit

or loss

0.9

(8.3)

Other comprehensive income

(2.6)

25.1

(IX) Total comprehensive income for the year (VII+VIII) [comprising

profit/(loss) and other comprehensive income for the year]

13,823.4

10,702.3

(X)

Earnings per equity share: (Face value ` 5/- per share)

30

Basic (in `)

42.86

33.14

Diluted (in `)

42.69

33.08

Significant accounting policies

2:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No : 117377

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 20, 2022

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No : 117377

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 20, 2022

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

for the year ended March 31, 2022:

Managing Director and CEO

viii) Ajay Saraf

–

Executive Director:

Managing Director and CEO of ICICI Bank Limited

ii) Anup Bagchi

– Executive Director of ICICI Bank Limited

iii) Uday Chitale

– Independent Director of ICICI Bank Limited

iv) Subramanian Madhavan

– Independent Director of ICICI Bank Limited

v) Vishakha Mulye

– Executive Director of ICICI Bank Limited

vi) Girish Chandra Chaturvedi

– Non-Executive (part-time) Chairman of ICICI Bank Limited

vii) Hari L. Mundra

– Independent Director of ICICI Bank Limited

f.

Relatives of Key Management Personnel

i)

Minal Bakhshi

– Daughter of Sandeep Bakhshi

ii) Esha Bakhshi

– Daughter of Sandeep Bakhshi

iii) Mona Bakhshi

– Spouse of Sandeep Bakhshi

iv) Shivam Bakhshi

– Son of Sandeep Bakhshi

v) Ashwin Pradhan

– Son-in-law of Sandeep Bakhshi

vi) Animesh Bagchi

– Father of Anup Bagchi

vii) Rajni Chaturvedi

– Spouse of Girish Chandra Chaturvedi

viii) Pranav Batra

– Son of Sandeep Batra

ix) Vivek Mulye

– Spouse of Vishakha Mulye

x) Vignesh Mulye

– Son of Vishakha Mulye

xi) Poonam Chandok

– Spouse of Vijay Chandok

xii) Simran Chandok

– Daughter of Vijay Chandok

xiii) Saluni Chandok

– Daughter of Vijay Chandok

xiv) Sarika Saraf

– Spouse of Ajay Saraf

xv) Avantica Saraf

– Daughter of Ajay Saraf

xvi) Ayuj Saraf

– Son of Ajay Saraf

xvii) Ajay Saraf – HUF

– HUF of Ajay Saraf

xviii) Bhuwan Kumar Chaturvedi – Brother of Girish Chandra Chaturvedi

xix) Krishnakumar Subramanian – Brother of Vijayalakshmi Iyer

g. Entity controlled or jointly controlled by KMP of ICICI Bank: ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth

The following transactions were carried out with the related parties in the ordinary course of business.

Income and Expense items:

(For the year ended)

(` million)

Nature of Transaction

Holding Company

Fellow Subsidiary

Companies

Associate Company

March

31, 2022

March

31, 2021

March

31, 2022

March

31, 2021

March

31, 2022

March

31, 2021

Income from services and brokerage

(commission and fees)

246.7

564.2

-

-

-

-

ICICI Home Finance Company Limited

-

-

7.5

8.8

-

-

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company

Limited

-

-

637.5

557.5

-

-

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited

-

-

4.6

3.4

-

-

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company

Limited

-

-

8.0

13.1

12.5

-:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer who is responsible

for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments has been identified as the CODM.

Identified business Segments

The business segments comprises

Treasury

Income from treasury, investment income

Broking & distribution

Broking and other related activities, Distribution of third party products like Mutual

Fund, Life Insurance, etc. and sales credit for referred business and interest earned on

our funds used in brokerage business

Issuer services & advisory

Financial advisory services such as equity-debt issue management services, merger

and acquisition advice and other related activities.

Broking and other related activities, distribution of third party products like Mutual Fund, Life Insurance, etc.

and sales credit for referred business and interest earned on our funds used in brokerage business are aggregated

into one reportable segment being agency nature of business under “Broking & distribution” in accordance with

aggregation criteria. Aggregation is done due to the similarities of the products and services provided to the

customers, similarities in method used to provide services and regulatory environment.

The Accounting principles and policies adopted in the preparation of the financial statements are also consistently

applied to record income/ expenditure and assets/ liabilities in individual segments. The Group Operating

Segment’s nomenclature has been changed for better representation to the stakeholders, the classification of

segment allocation has remain unchanged. Nomenclature’s of the segment’s has been changed to ‘Treasury’ from

erstwhile ‘Investment & trading’, ‘Broking & distribution’ from erstwhile ‘Broking & commission’ and ‘Issuer services

& advisory’ from erstwhile ‘Advisory services’.:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No : 117377

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 20, 2022

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Whole-time Director, Chief Financial Officer

and Company Secretary as defined under Section 203 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013.

20. Turnover rate for permanent employees:

FY2022

FY2021

FY2020

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Permanent

Employees*

33%

38%

34%

21%

25%

22%

31%

34%

32%

* includes all employees except those on probation

V. HOLDING, SUBSIDIARY AND ASSOCIATE COMPANIES (INCLUDING JOINT VENTURES).

21. (a) Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures (As on 31 March 2022):

S.

No.

Name of the holding /

subsidiary / associate

companies / joint

ventures

(A)

Indicate whether

holding/ Subsidiary/

Associate/

Joint Venture

% of shares held by

listed entity

Does the Company indicated

at column A, participate in

the Business Responsibility

initiatives of the listed

Company?

(Yes/No)

1

ICICI Bank Limited

Holding Company

ICICI Bank Limited holds

74.89% of the total paid

up share capital of ICICI

Securities Limited

No

2

ICICI Securities

Holdings, Inc.

Subsidiary Company

100%

No

3

ICICI Securities, Inc.

Step Down Subsidiary

Company

100% held by ICICI

Securities Holdings, Inc.

No:

Managing Director and CEO and Executive Director.

## includes Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary.:

