letter dated July 7, 2022, regarding convening Twenty-Second

Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Members of the Company on Friday, August 5,

2022 at 2:00 p.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio Visual Means

(“OAVM”) and without the physical presence of the shareholders at a common venue.

Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill and Regulation 34 of the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (“Listing Regulations”) and Circular dated May 5, 2022 read with Circular issued by

Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) from time to time and Circular dated May 13, 2022

issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India, we enclose herewith the Notice of

Twenty-Second AGM (“AGM Notice”) and Annual Report of the Company for FY2022. The

AGM Notice and Annual Report of the Company is being sent today, through electronic

mode only, to all the Members whose email address are registered with the

Company/Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent/Depository Participant(s).

The Notice of AGM and Annual Report for FY2022 have also been hosted on the website

of the Company at www.icicilombard.com.

Further, key information pertaining to Twenty-Second AGM is as below:

Particulars

Details

Time and date of AGM

2:00 p.m. (IST), Friday, August 5, 2022

Mode

Video Conferencing (“VC”)/Other Audio Visual

Means (“OAVM”):

Managing Director & CEO of the Company

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, the following

resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section

34A and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Insurance

Act, 1938, applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

and the rules made thereunder, circulars and guidelines

issued by Insurance Regulatory and Development

Authority of India (“IRDAI”) from time to time (including

any amendment, variation, statutory modifications or re-

enactment thereof for the time being in force), applicable

provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company

and subject to the approval of IRDAI, consent of the

Members of the Company, be and is hereby accorded

based on the recommendation of Board Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and Board of the Company, for

revision in remuneration of Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta (DIN:

00047728),: Managing

Letter, etc. together with

attested specimen signature(s) of the duly authorised

representative(s),

to

the

Scrutiniser

by

email

to

info@mehta-mehta.com

with

a

copy

marked

to

evoting@nsdl.co.in by quoting DP Id and Client Id or folio

number. Institutional/Corporate Members (i.e. other than

individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board

Resolution/Power of Attorney/Authority: Letter etc. by

clicking on “Upload Board Resolution/Authority Letter”

displayed under “e-voting” tab in their login.

5. Members can login and join the AGM through VC/ OAVM

thirty (30) minutes prior to the scheduled time to start the

AGM and the window for joining shall be kept open till the

expiry of thirty (30) minutes after the scheduled time to

start the AGM, on first-come-first-serve basis. However,

Members holding 2% or more shareholding, promoters,

institutional

investors,

directors,

key

managerial

personnel, the chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Board

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders

Relationship Committee, auditors, etc. can join and

participate at the AGM anytime prior to the conclusion

of the Meeting. Instructions and other information for

Members for attending the AGM through VC/OAVM are

given in this Notice.

6. The attendance of the Members attending the AGM

through VC/ OAVM will be counted for the purpose of

reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Act.

7. Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations

and Secretarial Standard-2 on General Meetings issued

by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the

brief profile and other required information in respect of

Managing Director & CEO of the Company

The remuneration of Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta (DIN: 00047728),: Managing

Managing Director

and CEO of the Company since May, 2009,

the largest private sector general insurance

company in India.

Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta began his career

with the erstwhile ICICI Limited in 1992

and he has held key leadership positions in

diverse business areas in the ICICI Group

including Project Finance, Corporate Banking,

E-commerce & Technology Management,

International Banking and Life Insurance.

Mr. Alok Kumar Agarwal, is an Executive Director-

Wholesale since January 19, 2011 of the Company, India’s

largest private sector General Insurance Company.

Mr. Agarwal started his career in 1989 with Reliance

Industries Ltd. as an Engineer, Subsequently, he worked

with ICICI Ltd for 9 years in project finance department

before shifting to ICICI Lombard General Insurance

Company Limited. Mr. Agarwal heads the Wholesale

Group of the Company which includes the corporate and

financial inclusion business.

Mr. Agarwal has completed Bachelor of Engineering

course from Jadavpur University.

Expertise in specific

functional areas

Banking,

Insurance,

Corporate

Planning,

Strategy and Consumer Insight

Banking,

Insurance,

Corporate

Planning,

Strategy,

Consumer Insights and Marketing

Terms and conditions of

appointment or re-appointment

Re-appointment as: Managing

Managing Director

19

Board of Directors

22

Leadership Team

24

Corporate Information

25

Delivering Value to our Stakeholders

26

Business Model (Inputs)

28

Business Model (Outcomes)

29

Our Business Model

30

The Operating Environment in FY2022

31

Our Strategy in Action

34

Stakeholder Perspectives

38

Addressing Material Issues

40

Enterprise Risk Management -

Framework & Approach

44

Risk Management Assessment on COVID-19

48

Reserving Disclosures

50

Business Segment Review

57

Government and Rural Business Groups

60

Retail Group

62

Shared Services

64

Human Capital: An Important Pillar To Achieve

Organisational Goals

70

Corporate Social Responsibility

77

Our Approach to ESG

81

STATUTORY REPORT

Directors’ Report

85

Corporate Government Report

94

Secretarial Auditor’s Report

131

Management Discussion & Analysis Report

152

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Management Report

169

Independent Auditor’s Report

178

Independent Auditor’s Certificate

187

Balance Sheet

189

Profit and Loss Account

190

Revenue Account

192

Schedules

194

Receipts and Payment Account

254

Glossary

256:

Dear Stakeholders,

I hope this: letter finds you all safe, well and happy.

The past couple of years have been turbulent for all of us, personally and collectively.

The pandemic left an immeasurable and long-lasting impact on the way we live, work and

socialize. As we begin to remove the rubble and rebuild from the damages caused by the

pandemic, it is on us to come out stronger and more resilient than ever before.

Historically, the insurance industry has played a significant role in ensuring societies stand

firm even during the most catastrophic adversities. Insurance companies have acted as

a source of strength for individuals and enterprises looking to thrive against unforeseen

challenges. The industry will continue to be an integral part of the recovery journey for the

world at large.

Trends Shaping the Insurance Industry Landscape

The global insurance industry is undergoing radical transformations. Tighter regulatory

norms, volatile equity markets and rapidly changing customer expectations are some of the

biggest challenges that the market is sailing through. However, despite these macroeconomic

challenges, the industry is poised for robust growth riding on tech-driven disruptions.

While on one hand, the pandemic acted as a huge setback for the industry with

unanticipated claims in huge amounts rallying in, on the other it became a heralder

of accelerated digital transformation. Notable progress has been made in terms of

adoption of automation, data collection and advanced analytics. The industry is also

looking at flexible technology infrastructure and architecture that accommodates

new technologies and updates without disrupting business-as-usual.

Customer experience is at the heart of this dynamic landscape. As customer

perceptions and demands continue to be increasingly volatile, relevance will

be defined by the insurer’s ability to provide products, plans and services in

accordance with changing customer needs.

One of the most significant changes can be noted in perception of

businesses towards insurance products. Enterprises are now seeking to

establish a closer risk partnership with insurance players, treating them

as risk advisors and not just risk underwriters.

The changes in the auto insurance landscape are also worth

mentioning. As the auto industry globally shifts towards new ways

of transportation including EVs, hybrid cars and telematics, insurance

players will need to rethink their policies. The auto industry is just

an example. As new technologies emerge and find their way into

different marketplaces, insurance leaders will have to continuously

review the opportunities and challenges triggered by the technology

landscape across industries.

The ICICI Lombard Approach

At ICICI Lombard, we consider customer centricity and excellent

stakeholder experiences the fundamental building blocks of a future-

ready enterprise. In order to achieve this, we are promptly integrating

the latest technological advancements to provide seamless customer

MESSAGE FROM THE

CHAIRPERSON

MANAGING DIRECTOR

Dear fellow Shareholders,

I hope this: letter finds you and your loved ones, safe and well.

During the fiscal 2022, the domestic economic activity was impacted by the second

wave of COVID-19 at the start and continued in the second half of the fiscal 2022 with

emergence of the Omicron variant. The escalating geo-political tensions further cast a

shadow on the economic outlook. In this backdrop, the general insurance industry still

exhibited resilience with a modest growth of 11.1% in fiscal 2022 as against fiscal 2021.

The Industry overall, since the COVID-19 pandemic settled approx. ` 244.67 bn COVID-19

health claims (Source: GI Council).

Our country is currently the 4th largest non-life insurance market in Asia and the 14th largest

in the world. And yet the non-life insurance penetration in India stands at a mere one-

fourth of the global average in 2020 (Source: Sigma 3/2021 Swiss Re). This low penetration

compared to other comparable countries perhaps should be looked at with a new lens -

we have before us an opportunity to contribute and to bridge the massive protection gap.

We believe that as the market matures, the accessibility and affordability of insurance will

increase with more and more people being able to leverage its benefits.

At ICICI Lombard, we share a common dream, an everlasting vision, to consistently

improve the insurance landscape in the country. This letter gives me an opportunity to

present you the efforts, results and future intentions for the growth and progress of our

company.

Integration

During this year, the company received the requisite approvals from the regulatory

authorities, to integrate the non-life business of erstwhile Bharti AXA General Insurance

Company, with IRDAI granting final approval on September 3, 2021. With all approvals in

place, September 8, 2021, was the effective date of integration when both the organisations

came together to form a single larger entity. In a few days, our two teams worked together

tirelessly and seamlessly to ensure a smooth transition. On first day of the integration-

•

We transitioned over 16,000 distribution partners with minimal disruption,

•

Onboarded 3,700 hospital network and garages,

•

Smoothly transitioned over 60 technology applications including the connectivity,

access, security and data aspects,

•

Onboarded over 3,400 employees and staff members, transitioned and rebranded

over 140 plus branches of Bharti Axa GI.

•

Over 30.5 mn communications were sent on the scheme of arrangement to customers

and partners to ensure uninterrupted business continuity and operational efficiency.

The successful integration led to optimization of organisation structure, rationalization

of offices, efficiencies in claim settlement practices and technology applications. This is

expected to result in annualised synergy of ` 2.00 bn of which ` 0.70 bn have been realized

in FY2022.

Financial performance

Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) of the Company stood at ` 179.77 bn (merged) in

FY2022 as against ` 140.03 bn (standalone) in FY2021, a growth of 28.4%. However, on a

proforma merged vs merged basis, the growth was 4.7%. Post the successful integration,

the Company became second largest General Insurer Company in India (basis GDPI). The

Company grew its Motor insurance business cautiously in the first half on account of

Managing Director & CEO

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director - Retail

Rakesh Jha

Additional, Non-executive,

Non-independent Director

Annual Report 2021-22

23

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director - Wholesale:

Managing Director & CEO

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director

(Wholesale)

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director

(Retail)

Jerry Jose

Chief - Human Resources

Girish Nayak

Chief Customer Service,

Technology & Operations

Sanjay Datta

Chief Underwriting,

Reinsurance & Claims

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited

24

Amit Kushwaha

Chief Compliance Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director - Wholesale

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director - Retail

Board Nomination &

Remuneration Committee

Uday Chitale

Chairperson

Lalita D. Gupte

Ashvin Parekh

Sandeep Batra

Audit Committee

Ashvin Parekh

Chairperson

Lalita D. Gupte

Uday Chitale

Murali Sivaraman

Sandeep Batra

Investment Committee

Suresh Kumar

Chairperson

Sandeep Batra

Bhargav Dasgupta

Vinod Mahajan

Gopal Balachandran

Prasun Sarkar

Risk Management

Committee

Lalita D. Gupte

Chairperson

Ved Prakash Chaturvedi

Uday Chitale

Suresh Kumar

Ashvin Parekh

Vishakha Mulye

(Ceased w.e.f. May 20, 2022)

Rakesh Jha

(Inducted w.e.f. June 21, 2022)

Bhargav Dasgupta

Policyholders Protection

Committee

Ashvin Parekh

Chairperson

Ved Prakash Chaturvedi

Uday Chitale

Murali Sivaraman

Bhargav Dasgupta

Corporate Social

Responsibility &

Sustainability Committee

Uday Chitale

Chairperson

Ved Prakash Chaturvedi

Murali Sivaraman

Bhargav Dasgupta

Stakeholders Relationship

Committee

Suresh Kumar

Chairperson

Ved Prakash Chaturvedi

Bhargav Dasgupta

Sanjeev Mantri

Strategy Committee

Uday Chitale

Chairperson

Ashvin Parekh

Vishakha Mulye

(Ceased w.e.f. May 20, 2022)

Rakesh Jha

(Inducted w.e.f. June 21, 2022)

Bhargav Dasgupta

Statutory Auditors

Chaturvedi & Co.

Chartered Accountants

PKF Sridhar & Santhanam LLP

Chartered Accountants

Secretarial Auditors

Dholakia & Associates LLP

Company Secretary

Vikas Mehra:

letter of

appreciation from district administration for effective implementation of the scheme.

Common Services Centre (CSC)

The Common Services Centres (CSC) scheme is one of the mission mode projects

under the Digital India Programme. CSCs are the access points for delivery of essential

public utility services, social welfare schemes, healthcare, financial education and

agriculture services, apart from host of B2C services to citizens in rural and remote areas

of the country. Currently, more than 4,74,000 such centres are present and catering to

regional, geographic, linguistic, and cultural diversity of the country, thus enabling the

Government’s mandate of socially, financially and digitally inclusive society.

Along with effective relationship building with the CSC team, technology has played a

crucial role. With the introduction of multi-language cloud-based CSC 2.0 (user front-

end), Intelligent Character Recognition (ICR) / Optical Character Recognition (OCR) facility,

we are not only able to provide seamless process for our partners, but also enhance the

productivity of our team members. Webinar trainings and remote assistance along with

personal visits remain the cornerstone of our engagement strategy. Further, we have

conducted various CSR initiatives to build greater awareness of general insurance and

encourage greater penetration of insurance among the uninsured in rural India.

We have also pioneered in delivering local language trainings with active participation

from RAPS and VLE-INS and live policy booking during webinars helped in promoting

our products. The team also helped in training village level entrepreneurs (VLEs) to

enable them to secure the VLE-INS licence successfully, which permits them to sell

We are participating

in implementation of

PMFBY in 2 States

(Karnataka and

Maharashtra) across

9 districts and covering

approximately 1.10 mn

farmers. Under the

scheme insurance cover

is available to 25 crops

across three seasons,

kharif, rabi and summer.:

letter from IRDAI granting final approval to the

Scheme. Consequent to the approval of IRDAI, the Scheme

has become effective from September 8, 2021 with the

appointed date being April 1, 2020.

The Company has hosted the information pertaining to

Scheme of Arrangement on the website of the Company and

can be viewed at https://www.icicilombard.com/investor-

relations.

INITIATING INTEGRATION OF NON-LIFE

INSURANCE BUSINESS OF BHARTI AXA

WITH THE COMPANY

Within the boundaries of the regulatory guidelines, Bharti AXA

and the Company started the integration of non-life insurance

business of Bharti AXA with the Company. Key integration

teams were formed in various areas including business,

products, claims, reinsurance, finance, investment, operations,

risk, people management and other support functions which

involved representations from both the entities. The Company

has also engaged post-merger integration (PMI) consultants to

oversee the integration processes across all such workstreams.

The integration spanned over multiple stakeholders and

following activities were completed on the effective date i.e.

September 8, 2021:

1. Transitioned over 16,000 distribution partners with minimal

disruption;

2. Onboarded 3,700 hospital network and garages;

3. Smoothly

transitioned

over

60

newer

technology

applications including the connectivity, access, security

and data aspects;

4. Onboarded over 3,400 employees and staff members,

transitioned and rebranded over 140 plus branches of

Bharti AXA; and

5. Over 30.5 million communications were sent on the

Scheme of Arrangement to customers and partners to

ensure uninterrupted business continuity and operational

efficiency.

With the efforts put in by core integration teams, on September

8, 2021, non-life insurance business of Bharti AXA demerged

into the Company through a smooth transition.

COMPLIANCE TO SECRETARIAL STANDARDS

During the year, the Company has been in compliance with

the applicable Secretarial Standards i.e. SS-1 and SS-2,

issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, with

respect to Meetings of Board and its Committees and General

Meetings respectively. The Company has devised necessary

systems to ensure compliance with the applicable provisions

of Secretarial Standards.

SOLVENCY

IRDAI requires insurance companies to maintain a minimum

solvency of 1.5 times which is calculated in a manner as

specified in the Insurance Regulatory and Development

Authority of India (Assets, Liabilities, and Solvency Margin

of Insurers) Regulations, 2016. The solvency position of the

Company as at March 31, 2022 was 2.46 times as compared to

2.90 times as at March 31, 2021.

As on March 31, 2022, the net worth of the Company was

increased to ` 91.10 billion from ` 74.35 billion as at March

31, 2021.

SHARE CAPITAL

During the year, the Company has allotted 540,730 equity

shares to eligible employees pursuant to ICICI Lombard-

Employees Stock Option Scheme-2015 (“ESOS”) of the

Company. The equity shares allotted under ESOS rank pari-

passu with the existing equity shares issued by the Company.

As an integral part of the Scheme, the Authorised Share Capital

of the Company was increased to ` 5.50 billion comprising

of 550,000,000 equity share of ` 10/- each from ` 4.75 billion

comprising of 475,000,000 equity shares of ` 10/- each.

Pursuant to the Scheme becoming effective from September

8, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company at their Meeting

held on September 8, 2021, had inter-alia considered and:

letter

dated July 7, 2021, the Company had exercised its call option

in respect of 4,850, 8.25% unsecured, subordinated, fully paid-

up, listed, redeemable and non-convertible Debentures of

face value of ` 1,000,000 each and redeemed the debentures

at par, aggregating to ` 4.85 billion on July 28, 2021 along with

the interest due thereon.

Further as an integral part of the Scheme, the following non-

convertible Debentures issued by Bharti AXA were transferred

in the name of the Company on the same terms and conditions

upon the Scheme became effective i.e. from September 8,

2021.

1. 350, 10.50%, rated, listed, unsecured, subordinated, fully

paid-up, redeemable and non-convertible debentures

of face value of ` 1,000,000 each. These non-convertible

Debentures are listed on the debt segment of National

Stock Exchange of India Limited.

2. 2,200, 8.98%, rated, unlisted, unsecured, subordinated,

fully paid-up, redeemable and non-convertible debentures

of face value of ` 1,000,000 each.

CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS

During the year, there has been no change in the nature of the

business of the Company.

PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES

AND INVESTMENTS

The provisions of Section 186(4) of the Companies Act, 2013

(“the Act”), requiring disclosure in the financial statements

of the full particulars of the loans given, investment made or

guarantee given or security provided including the purpose

for which the loan or guarantee or security is proposed to be

utilised by the recipient of the loan or guarantee or security,

are not applicable to the Company.

SIGNIFICANT

AND

MATERIAL

ORDERS

PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR COURTS

OR TRIBUNALS IMPACTING THE GOING

CONCERN STATUS OF THE COMPANY AND

ITS FUTURE OPERATIONS

There are no significant and/or material orders passed by the

Regulators or Courts or Tribunals impacting the going concern

status and future operations of the Company.

DIRECTORS

AND

KEY

MANAGERIAL

PERSONNEL

The Company believes that a strong independent and diverse

Board leadership ensures the deployment of effective corporate

governance. The significance of Board diversity is recognised

by various statutes/regulations i.e. the Insurance Act, 1938

and Regulations framed thereunder, the Act and relevant

Rules made thereunder, Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) and Guidelines for

Corporate Governance for insurers in India issued by IRDAI

(“IRDAI CG Guidelines”) and accordingly, composition of the

Board of the Company is based on the prescribed Principles.

The Board of the Company is duly constituted with optimum

balance of Executive and Non-executive Directors for an

effective functioning of the Board. As on March 31, 2022, the

Board of the Company consisted of eleven (11) Directors, out

of which six (6) are Non-executive, Independent Directors,

two (2) are Non-executive, Non-independent Directors and

remaining three (3) are Whole-time Directors including: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

2. Alok Kumar Agarwal, Whole-time Director designated as

Executive Director – Wholesale

3. Sanjeev Mantri, Whole-time Director designated as

Executive Director – Retail

4. Gopal Balachandran, Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk

Officer

5. Vikas Mehra, Company Secretary

In accordance with IRDAI CG Guidelines, the Company has

following Key Management Persons in addition to aforesaid

KMPs:

1. Girish Nayak, Chief – Customer Service, Technology and

Operations

2. Sanjay Datta, Chief – Underwriting, Reinsurance and

Claims

3. Lokanath Kar, Chief – Legal & Compliance Officer*

4. Jerry Jose, Head – Human Resources

5. Vinod Mahajan, Chief – Investment Officer

6. Prasun Sarkar, Appointed Actuary

7. Amit Kushwaha, Chief Compliance Officer#

*Lokanath Kar, Chief – Legal & Compliance Officer of the

Company resigned from his position with effect from October

20, 2021 and was relieved from the responsibilities vested

upon him with effect from January 31, 2022.

#Amit Kushwaha, Vice-President-Legal & Compliance was

appointed as Chief Compliance Officer of the Company with

effect from February 1, 2022 in place of Lokanath Kar.

Meetings of the Board of Directors

During the year, eight (8) Meetings of the Board of Directors

of the Company were held including one (1) Board Meeting

to discuss business strategies. The maximum gap between

two meetings was not more than 120 days. The particulars of

the meetings held and attendance of Directors are detailed in

the Corporate Governance Report forming part of this Annual

Report.

Common Directorships

Section 48A of the Insurance Act, 1938, necessitates

an approval of the IRDAI for continuation of common

directorships between insurance companies and insurance

agent or insurance intermediaries. In view of the same, the

Company has following Directors falling within the criteria of

common director viz. Uday Chitale, Ashvin Parekh, Vishakha

Mulye and Sandeep Batra.

Pursuant to the aforesaid provisions, the Company is in

receipt of approval from IRDAI for continuation of directorship

of Uday Chitale, Vishakha Mulye and Sandeep Batra on the

Board of the Company each having a common directorship

with ICICI Bank Limited (being corporate agent of the

Company). The Company had also received approval from

IRDAI for continuation of directorship of Ashvin Parekh on the

Board of the Company having a common directorship with

ICICI Securities Limited (corporate agent of the Company).

Independent Directors

As on March 31, 2022, the Board of the Company comprised

of eleven (11) Directors out of which six (6) Directors are

Independent Directors.

All Independent Directors of the Company have given

declarations that they meet the criteria of independence as

laid down under Section 149(6) & (7) of the Act, the Companies

(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and

Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, as amended

from time to time. All the Independent Directors have

also confirmed that they have complied with the Code of

Independent Directors prescribed in Schedule IV of the Act

and Employees Code of Conduct of the Company.

Retirement by rotation

In terms of Section 152 of the Act, Sandeep Batra, Non-

executive, Non-independent Director (DIN: 03620913) would

retire by rotation at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting

(“AGM”) and being eligible for re-appointment, offers himself

for re-appointment. A resolution seeking approval of the

Members for his re-appointment is forming part of the AGM

Notice.:

Managing Director & CEO, Executive Directors, Chief

Financial Officer & Chief Risk Officer and other Senior

Management members participate in structured conference

calls and periodic investor/analyst interactions including one-

on-one meeting, investor conferences and quarterly earning

calls. During the year, the Company conducted 186 meetings

with Indian and overseas investors and analysts (excluding

quarterly earnings calls).

The Company ensures that financial information including

Financial Statements, Press Releases, Investor Presentations,

Earning call transcripts and Annual Report, etc., is available

to all the stakeholders. Accordingly, the Company uploads all

the financial information on the website of the Company i.e.

www.icicilombard.com.

EVENTS AFTER BALANCE SHEET DATE

There have been no material changes and commitments,

affecting the financial position of the Company, between the

end of the financial year of the Company to which the balance

sheet relates and the date of this report.:

Managing Director & CEO regarding compliance with the Code

by all the Directors and Senior Management forms part of this

Annual Report as Annexure D.

CERTIFICATE ON COMPLIANCE WITH THE

CONDITIONS OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the

Listing Regulations, Certificate from the Statutory Auditors on

compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance as

stipulated in the Listing Regulations forms part of this Annual

Report as Annexure E.

In accordance with requirements of Corporate Governance

Guidelines of Insurers in India issued by Insurance Regulatory

and Development Authority of India ("IRDAI"/"the Authority")

["IRDAI CG Guidelines"] a separate certificate for compliance

with the Corporate Governance Guidelines certified by the

Compliance Officer of the Company forms part of this Annual

Report as Annexure F.

CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION

Pursuant to Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations,

Certification by the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO. With over 70%

of the Directors being Non-executive Directors out of which

over 50% of the Directors are Non-executive, Independent

Directors, the Company has taken an important step towards

enhancing its governance standards and protecting the

interest of all stakeholders. Amongst the Board of Directors,

there are two (2) Non-executive women Directors including

one (1) woman Non-executive, Independent Director.

The Board functions either as an entity per se, or through

various Committees constituted to oversee specific operational

areas. The Company has an optimum mix of Executive and

Non-executive Directors to maintain the professionalism,

knowledge, skill sets, integrity, expertise, independence and

effective decision making.

The Board has identified following skills/expertise/competencies for the effective functioning of the Company.

Insurance

Marketing

Technology

Accounting & Auditing

Investment

Risk Management

Consumer Insights

Corporate Planning

Strategy

Law & Governance

Banking

Finance

Alternate Dispute Resolution

Business Advisor

Economics:

Managing Director & CEO

B.E. (Mechanical), PGDBA-IIM Bangalore

Banking,

Corporate

Planning,

Strategy, Consumer Insights, and

Insurance

Alok Kumar Agarwal

(DIN: 03434304)

Executive Director – Wholesale

B.E. (Chemical), PGDM- IIM Calcutta

Banking,

Insurance,

Corporate

Planning,

Strategy,

Consumer

Insights and Marketing

Sanjeev Mantri

(DIN: 07192264)

Executive Director – Retail

Chartered Accountant, Cost and Works

Accountant

Banking,

Finance,

Corporate

Planning,

Strategy,

Insurance,

Consumer Insights and Marketing

The Brief Profile of Directors is hosted on the website of the Company and can be viewed at https://www.icicilombard.com/

investor-relations

In view of the situation posed by COVID-19 pandemic and relaxations granted by the regulatory authorities, meetings of the

Board and its Committees were held through video-conferencing during FY2022. The Board meets atleast once in a quarter,

inter-alia, to review the Company’s quarterly performance and financial results, to consider business strategies and their

implementation and other Board related matters. The Board of the Company met eight (8) times during the year under review.

The requisite quorum was present for all the meeting(s). In accordance with the provisions of the Act, the maximum gap

between any two Board meetings was less than one hundred and twenty (120) days.:

Managing Director & CEO, the

Chief-Investment Officer, the Chief Financial Officer & Chief

Risk Officer and Appointed Actuary of the Company. The

Investment Committee is chaired by Suresh Kumar, Non-

executive, Independent Director of the Company.

The composition of the Investment Committee is given below

along with the attendance of the Members. The Investment

Committee met four (4) times during the year under review.

Composition

In terms of the provisions of the Act, Listing Regulations and IRDAI CG Guidelines, the Audit Committee comprises of five (5)

Members, out of which four (4) are Non-executive, Independent Directors and one (1) is Non-executive, Non-independent

Director.

The Audit Committee is chaired by Ashvin Parekh, Non-executive, Independent Director of the Company. The composition of

the Audit Committee is given below along with the attendance of the Members. The Audit Committee met ten (10) times during

the year under review.

Attendance record of the Members is as follows:

Name of

Member

Nature of

Directorship

Designation

in the

Committee

Date of Meetings

April 16,

2021

April 17,

2021

June 10,

2021

July 21,

2021

July 22,

2021

October

8, 2021

October

20, 2021

October

21, 2021

January

14, 2022

January

19, 2022

Ashvin Parekh

Non-executive,

Independent Director

Chairperson

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Lalita D. Gupte

Non-executive,

Independent Director

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Uday Chitale

Non-executive,

Independent Director

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Murali Sivaraman Non-executive,

Independent Director

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Sandeep Batra

Non-executive, Non-

independent Director

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

The Members of the Audit Committee meet the Joint Statutory

Auditors of the Company without the presence of Senior

Management on half-yearly basis.

(iii) Investment Committee

The Investment Committee has been constituted in line with

the provisions of the IRDAI CG Guidelines read with IRDAI

(Investment) Regulations, 2016.

Terms of reference

• Overseeing the implementation of the investment policy

approved by the Board from time to time.

• Reviewing the investment policy.

• Periodically updation to the Board with regard to investment

activities of the Company.

• Reviewing the investment strategies adopted from time to

time and giving suitable directions as needed in the best

interest of the Company.

• Reviewing the broker policy and making suitable

amendments from time to time.:

Managing Director & CEO.

Attendance record of the Members is as follows:

Name of

Member

Nature of Directorship

Designation

in the

Committee

Date of Meetings

April

16, 2021

July

21, 2021

October

20, 2021

January

14, 2022

Suresh Kumar

Non-executive, Independent Director

Chairperson

Present

Present

Present

Present

Sandeep Batra

Non-executive, Non-independent Director

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Bhargav Dasgupta: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present:

Managing Director &

CEO. The Corporate Social Responsibility & Sustainability

Committee is chaired by Uday Chitale, Non-executive,

Independent Director. The composition of the Committee is

given below along with the attendance of the Members. The

Corporate Social Responsibility & Sustainability Committee

met three (3) times during the year under review.: Managing

Managing Director & CEO. The Stakeholders

Relationship Committee is chaired by Suresh Kumar, Non-

executive, Independent Director. The composition of the

Stakeholders Relationship Committee is given below along

with the attendance of the Members. The Stakeholders

Relationship Committee met four (4) times during the year

under review.

Attendance record of the Members is as follows:

Name of

Member

Nature of Directorship

Designation

in the

Committee

Date of Meetings

April 16,

2021

July 21,

2021

October

20, 2021

Uday Chitale

Non-executive, Independent Director

Chairperson

Present

Present

Present

Ved Prakash Chaturvedi

Non-executive, Independent Director

Member

Present

Present

Present

Murali Sivaraman

Non-executive, Independent Director

Member

Present

Present

Present

Bhargav Dasgupta: Managing

Managing Director & CEO. The Strategy Committee is

chaired by Uday Chitale, Non-executive, Independent Director

and Vishakha Mulye, Bhargav Dasgupta and Ashvin Parekh

are the Members of the Committee. During the year under

review, no Strategy Committee meeting was held.

DISCLOSURES

AS

PER

THE

SEXUAL

HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE

(PREVENTION,

PROHIBITION

AND

REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013

The Company is in compliance with the provisions relating to

the constitution of an Internal Complaints Committee under

the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,

Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.

The Company believes in providing a safe and secure working

environment and on an ongoing basis, creates education,

training sessions and awareness amongst employees.

The Company has "Guidelines on Sexual Harassment at

Workplace" in adherence to the Sexual Harassment of Women

at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act,

2013. The Company through its Guidelines ensures that all

such complaints are resolved within defined timelines. The

details of complaints received / disposed during the FY2022

are stated in the Directors Report.

ANNUAL

PERFORMANCE

EVALUATION

OF

THE

BOARD,

ITS

COMMITTEES,

CHAIRPERSON AND INDIVIDUAL DIRECTORS

The Company has in place a Board approved performance

evaluation framework which lays down Guidelines for annual

performance evaluation of the Board, its Committee(s),

Chairperson and individual Directors.

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, the Company with

the approval of its Board of Directors on the basis of Board

Nomination and Remuneration Committee has put in place

an evaluation framework for evaluation of the Board, its

Committees, Chairperson and individual Directors.

Some of the key factors against which the Board’s performance

is assessed:

•

Discharge of responsibilities and obligations

•

Effectiveness in overseeing the material issues

•

Providing strategic supervision

•

Quality and timeliness of information flow between the

management and the Board for decision-making

The evaluation of the the Board, Board Committees,

Chairperson and the Directors is carried out through circulation

of different questionnaires, for each group through electronic

survey portal.

Evaluation of Board

The performance of the Board is assessed basis its roles,

responsibilities

and

obligations,

relevance

of

Board

discussions, attention to strategic issues, performance on

key areas, providing feedback to executive management,

and assessing the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow

of information between the management and the Board to

effectively and reasonably perform their duties.:

letter of appointment to Director which, inter-alia,

explains role, functions, rights, duties and responsibilities of

the Director and the Board’s expectations from the Director.

The induction programme helps the Director to understand the

Company, its business and the regulatory framework in which

the Company operates and equips Director to effectively fulfill

their role.

In addition to the above, the Directors are also given an

overview of the regulatory developments on the governance

front i.e. Guidelines/Regulations/Circulars issued by IRDAI,

SEBI and MCA from time to time.

During the year under review, various other presentations

were made at the Board and Committee meetings and

sessions were conducted to familiarise Independent Directors

on the critical matters.

Details of the Familiarisation programme for FY2022 have

been hosted on the website of the Company and can be

viewed at https://www.icicilombard.com/docs/default-source/

policies-of-the-company/familiarisation-program-fy2022.

pdf?sfvrsn=39fd6bfc_8:

Managing Director & CEO ("MD & CEO") for FY2022.

In view of the continued challenges and impact arising from

the resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Board at its

meeting held on April 17, 2021 based on the recommendation

of the Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee

approved the proposal for no revision in the remuneration of

MD & CEO for FY2022.

Further, the Board of Directors, in the same meeting based

on the recommendation of the Board Nomination and

Remuneration Committee approved the grant of stock options

to Whole-time Directors including MD & CEO of the Company

under ICICI Lombard Employees Stock Option Scheme-2005

for FY2022, subject to the approval of Members of the

Company and IRDAI.

The Members of the Company had approved the remuneration

of Whole-time Directors including: Managing

Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer/Whole-

time Directors of Insurers (“IRDAI Guidelines”) issued vide

reference no. IRDA/F&A/GDL/LSTD/155/08/2016 dated August 5,

2016 requires the Company to make the following disclosures on

remuneration on an annual basis in the Annual Report:

(i) Qualitative Disclosures

A. Information relating to the design and structure of

remuneration processes

1. Key features and objectives of remuneration policy

The Company has under the guidance of the Board and the

Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“BNRC/

Committee”), followed compensation practices intended

to drive meritocracy and fairness.

The twin pillars of performance management and talent

management system are closely intertwined with the

compensation, benefits and reward mechanism of the

Company. While the Company strives to ensure internal and

external equity that are consistent with emerging market

trends, its business model and affordability based on business

performance sets the overarching boundary conditions. This

approach has been incorporated in the Compensation Policy,

the key elements of which are given below:

a. Effective governance of compensation:

The BNRC has oversight over compensation. The

Committee defines Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)

for Whole-time Directors and the organisational

performance norms for bonus based on the financial

and strategic plan approved by the Board. The KPIs

include both quantitative and qualitative aspects. The

BNRC assesses organizational performance as well as

the individual performance for Whole-time Directors:

Managing Director & CEO)

The following table sets forth, for the period indicated,

the details of quantitative disclosure for remuneration of

Whole-time Directors:

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2022

Number of Whole-time Directors including: Managing

Managing Director &

CEO, based on the certification from respective functional

heads, is placed at the Audit Committee and Board of Directors

on a quarterly basis and if required, corrective action is initiated

to strengthen the controls and enhance the effectiveness of

the existing systems.

iii. Internal Financial Controls and their Adequacy

The Company has in place adequate internal financial

controls commensurate with size, scale and complexity of its

operations. These have been designed with an objective to

provide a reasonable assurance with regard to maintaining

proper accounting controls, safeguarding of assets, prevention

and detection of frauds and errors, ensuring operating

effectiveness, reliability of financial reporting, executing

transactions with proper authorisation and compliance with

applicable regulations and Board approved policies. These

controls are covered under the Internal Financial Control

framework, which is aligned with the Internal Control

Framework 2013 given by the Committee of Sponsoring

Organisations (“COSO”) of the Treadway Commission. The

Company has in place both Entity Level Controls and Process

Level Controls to provide reasonable assurance with regard

to recording and providing reliable financial and operational

information. The Entity Level Controls broadly cover Corporate

Governance, Core Committees, Core Policies and Risk and

Fraud Control framework. The Process Level Controls ensure

processes are documented, risks are identified for each

process, the controls are implemented for all identified risks

and whether the controls identified are Preventive or Detective

controls. The effectiveness of internal financial controls is

exhibited through control testing with samples at periodic

intervals.

The COVID-19 pandemic outbreak has had far reaching impact

on several critical risk areas of the business. The Company on

assessment of the associated risks, commenced preparation

for risk mitigation at the beginning of March 2020. The

Company activated the Crisis Management Team (“CMT”)

that has been regularly reviewing the developing situation to

calibrate the Company’s response. The CMT conceptualised

and formulated the business continuity plans for the Company

prioritising the dual objectives of employee safety and

delivering customer commitments. From an entity level risk

evaluation perspective, the Company believes that the risks

arising out of the pandemic are presently at manageable levels

for the Company. Processes and controls followed to prepare

the financials are found to hold good and no new financial

reporting risks were identified or observed on account of

COVID-19. The Company is closely watching the developing

situation for appropriate risk mitigation and management.

iv. Risk Management Framework

The objective of the Risk Management Framework (“the

Framework”) of the Company is to ensure that various risks are

identified, assessed, evaluated and mitigated. Various policies,

procedures and standards are adopted to address these risks

for systemic response and adherence. The Company has

identified enterprise wide risks, which are categorized under

six broad risk groups viz. Credit Risk, Market Risk, Underwriting

Risk, Operational Risk, Strategic Risk and Environmental,:

letter from IRDAI granting final approval to the said Scheme. Pursuant

to the said: letter of IRDAI, the demerger and transfer of general insurance business, as envisaged in the Scheme is

effective from September 8, 2021. The Appointed Date for the Scheme is April 1, 2020.

3. As an integral part of the Scheme, the Authorised Capital of the Company was increased from Rs. 475,00,00,000 to Rs.

550,00,00,000. The Company issued and allotted 357,56,194 equity shares of Rs. 10 each to the shareholders of Bharti

AXA as per their proportionate shareholding on the Record Date being August 21, 2020.

4. Consequent to the allotment of 35,756,194 equity shares Bharti AXA, ICICI Bank Limited’s holding percentage has reduced

from 51.86% to 48.08% of the issued and paid-up equity share capital of the Company. Accordingly, the Company

ceased to be a subsidiary of ICICI Bank Limited w.e.f. the date of allotment i.e. September 8, 2021.

5. Further, as an integral part of the Scheme the following Non-Convertible Debentures issued by Bharti AXA were

transferred in the name of the Company on the same terms and conditions upon the Scheme became effective.

i. 2,200 rated, unlisted, unsecured, subordinated, fully paid-up, redeemable and non-convertible debentures, each

having a face value of ` 10,00,000 issued on August 23, 2017;

ii. 350 rated, listed, unsecured, subordinated, fully paid-up, redeemable and non-convertible debentures, each having a

face value of ` 10 00,000; (Listed with NSE) issued on April 30, 2019.

6. The Company pursuant to the approval received from IRDAI vide its letter dated July 7, 2021 had exercised its call option

in respect of 4,850, 8.25% unsecured, subordinated, fully paid-up, listed, redeemable and Non-Convertible Debentures

(“Debentures”) of face value of ` 10,00,000 each and redeemed the debentures at par, aggregating to ` 485 crores on

July 28, 2021.

Managing Director & CEO

89:1

Mr. Alok Kumar Agarwal, Executive Director-Wholesale

52:1

Mr. Sanjeev Mantri, Executive Director-Retail

58:1

(ii) The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company

Secretary or Manager;

The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company

Secretary ranged between 0% and 10%.

(iii) The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year;

The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employee in the last financial year was 2.5%.

(iv) The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company;

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on March 31, 2022 were 11,085.

(v) Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last

financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof

and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration;

The average percentile increase in the salaries of employees other than the Key Managerial Personnel in the last financial

year was 6.15%, while the average percentile increase in the salaries of the Key Managerial Personnel in the last financial

year was in the range of 0% to 10%.

(vi) Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company

Yes

Date: April 21, 2022

Lalita D. Gupte

Place: Mumbai

Chairperson

DIN: 00043559:

Managing Director & CEO

3

3

3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR & Sustainability Committee, CSR Policy and CSR & Sustainability

projects approved by the board are disclosed on the website of the company.

Composition of CSR & Sustainability Committee: https://www.icicilombard.com/investor-relations

CSR projects approved by the board: https://www.icicilombard.com/about-us/csr

The CSR Policy is available on the website of the Company and can be viewed at https://www.icicilombard.com/docs/

default-source/policies-of-the-company/csr-policy.pdf:

Managing Director & CEO

CSR & Sustainability Committee Chairperson

DIN: 00047728

DIN: 00043268:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00047728

Date: April 21, 2022

Place: Mumbai:

letter dated 03 July 2021.

2 We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company

Limited (‘the Company’) for the period 1st April, 2021 to 31st March, 2022, as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b)

to (i) of Regulation 46(2), and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’).

Management’s Responsibility

3 The compliance of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management. This responsibility includes the designing,

implementing and maintaining operating effectiveness of internal control to ensure compliance with the conditions of

Corporate Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4 Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, our responsibility is to express an opinion as to whether the

company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stated in paragraph 2 above. Our responsibility is

limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance

with conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of

the Company.

5 We have examined the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the applicable Generally Accepted Auditing

Standards in India, the Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India (‘ICAI’) and the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the ICAI which

requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

6 We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control

for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial information, and Other Assurance and Related Services

Engagements.

Opinion

7 Based on the procedures performed by us and to the best of our information and according to the explanations provided

to us, in our opinion, the Company has complied, in all material respects, with the conditions of Corporate Governance as

stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

8 We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on use

9 This certificate is provided to Board of Directors of the Company solely for the purpose of complying with the aforesaid

Regulations and may not be suitable for any other purpose. We have no responsibility to update this certificate for events:

managing director/chief

executive officer/whole-time director of insurers. The

proposed guideline is aligned with RBI’s stipulation

and the long term growth, health and objectives of

the company promote sustained development of the

sector.

On January 6, 2022 the Authority basis working

committee recommendation has introduced a new

formula to calculate Motor TP obligation for general

insurers, thereby encouraging them to focus on

segment wise penetration. The proposed structure

enables insurers to know their Motor TP obligations

well in advance thereby giving them reasonable time to

devise their business plan.

On March 4, 2022, Government of India via Ministry of

Road Transport and Highways issued draft notification

prescribing revision in Motor TP Premium Rates for the

fiscal 2023. Post receiving comments and suggestions

from all stakeholders, the central government in

consultation with the Authority issued Moter Vehicles

(Third Party Insurance Base Premium and Liability)

Rules, 2022. The said rules prescribe the revised base

premium for Third Party Insurance for unlimited liability

for various classes of vehicles.

On March 7, 2022 the Authority prescribed all the

insurers to publish on their respective websites the

aspects of underwriting philosophy and approach

with regard to offering health insurance coverage to

transgender persons so that the targeted population

may have complete information on the philosophy that

insurers adopt in this regard.

On April 28, 2022 the Authority with a view to rationalise

and standardise the administration of group health

insurance products and to protect the interests of the

insuring public and the insured members of group

schemes, issued draft guidelines on Group Insurance

Products under Health Insurance Business.

(B) Financial performance:

The non-life insurance industry registered growth of

11.1%6 in fiscal 2022. The industry has grown at a CAGR

of approximately 15.5% since fiscal 2008. Despite this,

non-life insurance penetration in India continues to

be around 1.0%7 of Gross Domestic Product against

world average of 4.1%7 and given India’s demographic

dividend, the sector is poised to reach newer heights in

the coming years.

(` in billion)

100.87

294.98

1,987.33

2,207.72

FY2001

FY2008

FY2022

FY2021F

GDPI

Industry CAGR

16.7%

11.1%*

15.8%

*Industry Growth

Health segment became the largest GDPI contributing

segment in the industry constituting approximately

36.2% in FY2022.

6

IRDAI website

7

Sigma 3 / 2021 Swiss Re:

Managing Director & CEO

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director

Vikas Mehra

Company Secretary

Gopal Balachandran

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai

21 April 2022:

letter dated July 03, 2021 with ICICI Lombard

General Insurance Company Limited (the “Company”),

wherein we are requested to issue certificate for compliance

with the provisions of paragraphs 3 and 4 of Schedule C of the

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Preparation

of Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report of Insurance

Companies) Regulations 2002, (the “IRDAI Financial Statement

Regulations”) read with regulation 3 of the Regulations.

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for complying

with the provisions of The Insurance Act, 1938 (amended by

the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act 2015) (the “Insurance

Act”), the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority

Act, 1999 (the “IRDA Act”), the IRDA Financial Statements

Regulations, orders/directions issued by the Insurance

Regulatory and Development Authority of India (the “IRDAI”)

which includes the preparation of the Management Report.

This includes collecting, collating and validating data and

designing, implementing and monitoring of internal controls

suitable for ensuring compliance as aforesaid.

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY

Pursuant to the requirements, it is our responsibility to obtain

reasonable assurance and form an opinion based on our

audit and examination of books and records as to whether

the Company has complied with the matters contained in

paragraphs 3 and 4 of Schedule C, read with Regulation 3, to

the IRDAI Financial Statement Regulations.

We have audited the financial statements of the Company as

of and for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 on which

we have issued an unmodified audit opinion vide our report

dated 21 April 2022. Our audit of these financial statements

was conducted in accordance with the Standards on Auditing

and other applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by

the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (‘ICAI’). Those

standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain

reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements

are free of material misstatement. Our audit was not planned

and performed in connection with any transactions to identify

matters that may be of potential interest to third parties.

We conducted our examination in accordance with the

Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes

(Revised 2016) (the ‘Guidance Note’) issued by the ICAI, which

include the concepts of test checks and materiality. With

reference to our opinion in para 3 below, we have relied on the

confirmation of cash balance from branches and subsequent

deposit in the bank accounts of the Company.

The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the

independence and other ethical requirements of the Code of

ethics issued by the ICAI. We have complied with the relevant

applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control

(‘SQC’) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits

and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other

Assurance and Related Services engagements.

OPINION

In accordance with information and explanations given to us

and to the best of our knowledge and belief and based on

our examination of the books of account and other records

maintained by the Company for the year ended 31 March

2022, we certify that:

1.

We have reviewed the Management Report attached to

the financial statements for year ended 31 March 2022,

and on the basis of our review, there is no apparent

mistake or material inconsistencies with the financial

statements;

2.

Based on management representations and compliance

certificates submitted to the Board of Directors by the

officers of the Company charged with compliance and

the same being noted by the Board, nothing has come to

our attention that causes us to believe that the Company

has not complied with the terms and conditions of

registration as stipulated by the IRDAI;

3.

We have verified the cash balances, to the extent

considered necessary and securities relating to the

Company’s loans and investments as at 31 March,

2022, by actual inspection or on the basis of certificates/

confirmations received from the Custodian and/or

Depository Participants appointed by the Company, as

the case may be.

RELATED TO CERTAIN MATTERS STATED IN SCHEDULE C OF THE IRDAI FINANCIAL

STATEMENT REGULATIONS

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ CERTIFICATE:

Managing Director & CEO

SN Chaturvedi

Partner

Membership No: 040479

ICAI UDIN: 22040479AHMWUG6388

R. Suriyanarayanan

Partner

Membership No: 201402

ICAI UDIN: 22201402AHMVQD2636

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director

Vikas Mehra

Company Secretary

Gopal Balachandran

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai

April 21, 2022

As at March 31, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

SN Chaturvedi

Partner

Membership No: 040479

ICAI UDIN: 22040479AHMWUG6388

R. Suriyanarayanan

Partner

Membership No: 201402

ICAI UDIN: 22201402AHMVQD2636

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director

Vikas Mehra

Company Secretary

Gopal Balachandran

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai

April 21, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director

Vikas Mehra

Company Secretary

Gopal Balachandran

Chief Financial Officer:

letter

no. HO/MTD/Solatium Fund/2010/482 dated July 26, 2010 from The New India Assurance Co. Ltd. (Scheme

administrator), the Company has provided 0.1% of the total Motor TP premium of the Company towards

solatium fund.

5.2.8

Environment Relief Fund

During the year, an amount of ` 6,466 thousand (previous year ` 5,790 thousand) was collected towards

Environment Relief Fund for public liability policies and an amount of ` 6,404 thousand (previous year

` 5,205 thousand) has been transferred to “United India Insurance Company Limited, Environment Fund

Account” as per Notification of Environment Relief Fund (ERF) scheme under the Public Liability Insurance

Act, 1991 as amended. The balance amount of ` 925 thousand (previous year ` 863 thousand) has been

disclosed under the head current liabilities in schedule 13.

5.2.9

Leases

In respect of premises taken on operating lease, the lease agreements are generally mutually renewable/

cancelable by the lessor/lessee.

Non-Cancelable operating lease

The detail of future rentals payable are given below:

(` in 000’s)

Particulars

At

March 31, 2022

At

March 31, 2021

a.

not later than one year

-

-

b.

later than one year and not later than five years

-

-

c.

later than five years

-

-

An amount of ` NIL (previous year: ` NIL) towards said lease payments has been recognised in the

statement of Revenue Account.

5.2.10

Micro, Small and Medium scale business enterprises:

As per the provisions of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006, (MSMED) the

Micro and Small Enterprises have been identified by the Company from the available information. Based

on the information available with the Company, the balance due to micro and small enterprises as defined

under the MSMED Act, 2006 is as follows::

Managing Director & CEO

Alok Kumar Agarwal, Executive Director

Sanjeev Mantri, Executive Director

Relatives of KMP with whom transactions have taken place during the year:

Anoushka Sanjeev Mantri : Daughter of Sanjeev Mantri

Brij Mohan Gupta : Brother of Alok Kumar Agarwal

Ansuman Dasgupta : Father of Bhargav Dasgupta

Vibha Mantri : Wife of Sanjeev Mantri

Radhey Shyam Mantri : Father of Sanjeev Mantri

Details of transaction with related parties for the year ended March 31, 2022 are given below:

(` in 000’s)

Particulars

ICICI Bank

Ltd

ICICI Home

Finance Co

Ltd

ICICI Securities

Primary

Dealership Ltd

ICICI Prudential

Life Insurance

Co Ltd

ICICI

Securities

Ltd

Others

KMP

& their

relatives

‘@’ Refer Note Below

Insurance Premium

2,652,618

36,483

7,687

138,728

73,860

61,937

207

(2,423,679)

(41,954)

(6,632)

(251,164)

(109,924)

(93,712)

(212)

Income from Investment

78

71,671

-

-

-

-

-

(-)

(163,572)

(-)

(-)

(-)

(-)

(-)

Claim Paid/Claims Received

229,399

-

1,782

-31,043

24,500

68

0

(51,326)

(-)

(2,425)

(-16,189)

(29,199)

(28)

-

Commission/Brokerage

833,370

3,773

-

-

4,280

-

-

(1,079,836)

(31,461)

(-)

(-)

(9,158)

(-)

(-)

Investment

- Purchases

-

-

3,646,057

-

-

-

-

(1,546,987)

(-)

(7,465,361)

(-)

(-)

(-)

(-):

letter dated July 7, 2021 has exercised Call Option and redeemed

the Subordinated debenture in full on July 28, 2021 for its ‘1/2016-2017’ series amounting to

` 5,250,125 thousand including final interest due of ` 400,125 thousand.

(D)

Debenture Redemption Reserve

The Company had created Debenture Redemption Reserve (DRR) on a straight-line basis. Pursuant

to amendment vide Ministry of Corporate Affairs notification no. G.S.R. 574(E) dated August 16, 2019

of Companies (Share Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014, the Company is not required to create any

additional DRR.

In view of Note 5.2.18 (D) above, the Company has transferred the existing DRR of ` 277,144 thousand

to General Reserves.:

Managing Director & CEO

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director

Vikas Mehra

Company Secretary

Gopal Balachandran

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai

21 April 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

SN Chaturvedi

Partner

Membership No: 040479

ICAI UDIN: 22040479AHMWUG6388

R. Suriyanarayanan

Partner

Membership No: 201402

ICAI UDIN: 22201402AHMVQD2636

Alok Kumar Agarwal

Executive Director

Sanjeev Mantri

Executive Director

Vikas Mehra

Company Secretary

Gopal Balachandran

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai

April 21, 2022:

