letter bearing Ref. No. DOS. Co. RPD. No. S2271/08.30.005/2022-23

dated 5th July, 2022, the approval of the Members of the Bank, be and is hereby accorded for the appointment of KKC & Associates LLP, Chartered

Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 105146W / W100621), as one of the Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank, to hold office from the conclusion

of the Thirty-Seventh Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of the Fortieth Annual General Meeting of the Bank, for the purpose of the audit

of the Bank’s standalone and consolidated financial statements for the financial years 2022-23 to 2024-25, subject to the approval of RBI, every

year, from financial year 2023-24 onwards.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that the Board of Directors ("Board"), including the Audit Committee of the Board or any other person(s) authorised by the

Board or the Audit Committee in this regard, be and is hereby authorised on behalf of the Bank to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it

may, in its absolute discretion deem necessary or desirable for such purpose and with the power to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that

may arise in this regard for the implementation of the resolution, including but not limited to determination of roles and responsibilities / scope of

work of the respective Joint Statutory Auditors and negotiating, finalising, amending, signing, delivering and executing the terms of appointment,

including any contract or document in this regard.”

9.

Fixing of remuneration of Joint Statutory Auditors for the audit of Bank’s standalone and consolidated financial statements for the financial

year 2022-23

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Section 142 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with

the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, Section 30 of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and the guidelines and circulars issued by the

Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) in this regard, from time to time, including any amendment(s), modification(s), variation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof,

for the time being in force, the approval of the Members of the Bank, be and is hereby accorded for payment of an overall audit fee not exceeding

` 35,000,000 (Rupees Three Crore Fifty Lakh only), to Price Waterhouse LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration Number 301112E / E300264) and

KKC & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 105146W / W100621), the Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank, for the

financial year 2022-23 and that the same be allocated by the Bank between the Joint Statutory Auditors, depending upon their respective scope of

work, in addition to any out of pocket expenses, outlays and taxes, as applicable.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that the Board of Directors ("Board"), including the Audit Committee of the Board or any other person(s) authorised by the

Board or Audit Committee in this regard, be and is hereby authorised to negotiate, finalise, allocate / apportion the aforesaid remuneration between

the Joint Statutory Auditors, depending on their respective roles and responsibilities / scope of work, and if required, alter and vary the terms of

remuneration due to any change / modification in roles and responsibilities / scope of work, any amendments in Accounting Standards or regulations

and such other requirements resulting in the change / modification in roles and responsibilities / scope of work, etc., of the Joint Statutory Auditors,

without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the Members of the Bank.”

SPECIAL BUSINESS:

10.

Re-appointment of Mr. KVS Manian (DIN: 00031794) as Whole-time Director of the Bank and payment of remuneration

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Section 35-B and any other applicable provisions of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, as amended,

read with the rules, regulations, directions, guidelines and circulars issued by the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) in this regard, the applicable provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to time, any other applicable laws (including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s),

variation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), the provisions of the Articles of Association and subject to the approvals, as may

be necessary from the RBI and such other authority or regulatory body and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by RBI and such other

authority or regulatory body while granting such approvals and pursuant to the approval of the Board of Directors of Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO and a Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank, being a Related Party within

the meaning of Section 2(76) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, with respect to:

a)

deposits (in any form and by whatever name called), including Savings Account Deposits or Fixed Deposits (“Deposits”) from Mr. Uday Kotak,

whether by way of fresh deposit(s) or renewal(s) or extension(s) or any modification(s) of earlier contracts / arrangements / transactions or

otherwise, from time to time and interest thereon, as may be disclosed and as required by the prevailing accounting standards in the notes

forming part of the relevant consolidated financial statements of the Bank, from the Thirty-Seventh Annual General Meeting up to the date of

the Thirty-Eighth Annual General Meeting of the Bank, subject to the relevant omnibus approval from the Audit Committee of the Bank for the

period commencing from 1st April, 2023, notwithstanding the fact that the aggregate value of all these transactions, may exceed ` 1,000 crore

or 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the Bank as per the audited financial statements for the relevant financial years, whichever is

lower, as prescribed under Applicable Laws or any other materiality threshold, as may be applicable from time to time, provided however, that

the said contracts / arrangements / transactions shall be carried out at an arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of business of the

Bank; and

b)

apart from remuneration as approved by the Reserve Bank of India, the Board of Directors and the Members, other transactions and / or

arrangements and / or transfer of resources / services, against the consideration agreed upon or as may be agreed from time to time and

/ or where the Bank / its subsidiaries would (i) purchase / sell securities, transact in forex and derivatives, receive fees, charges, revenue,

commission, premium, brokerage or any other income, such as for custody / depository services, advisory services, insurance services and

asset management fees and / or (ii) incur expenses, etc., as may be disclosed in the notes forming part of the relevant consolidated financial

statements of the Bank, from the Thirty-Seventh Annual General Meeting up to the date of the Thirty-Eighth Annual General Meeting of the

Bank, subject to the relevant omnibus approval from the Audit Committee of the Bank for the period commencing from 1st April, 2023, provided

however, that all such contracts / arrangements / transactions shall be carried out at an arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of

business and, notwithstanding that the aggregate value of all such transactions under this para is expected to be less than even one percent

of the annual consolidated turnover of the Bank, but, taken together with the aggregate value of Deposits mentioned in (a) above, may exceed

` 1,000 crore or 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the Bank as per the audited financial statements of the Bank for the relevant financial

years, whichever is lower, wherein Deposits and interest thereon would form a substantial portion of such transaction value.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that the Members of the Bank do hereby approve and accord further approval to the Board, to sign and execute all such

documents, deeds and writings, including filing the said documents, etc. and do all such acts, deeds and things and take necessary steps as the

Board may in its absolute discretion deem necessary, desirable or expedient to give effect to this resolution and to settle any question that may arise

in this regard and incidental thereto, without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the Members or otherwise to the end and intent

that the Members shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that the Members of the Bank, do hereby also accord further approval to the Board of Directors of the Bank, to delegate all or

any of its powers herein conferred to any Committee of Directors and / or Director(s) and / or official(s) of the Bank / any other person(s) so authorised

by it, to do all such acts and take steps as may be considered necessary or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that all actions to be taken by the Board in this regard, be and are hereby approved and confirmed in all respects.”

By Order of the Board of Directors

For Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

Avan Doomasia

Mumbai

Company Secretary

23rd July, 2022

(FCS 3430)

Registered Office:

27 BKC, C 27, G Block,

Bandra Kurla Complex,

Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051

CIN: L65110MH1985PLC038137

Website: www.kotak.com

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter and relevant forms prescribed by SEBI under the aforesaid circular are available on the website of the Bank at

https://www.kotak.com/en/investor-relations/investor-information/investor-info.html The concerned Members are requested to furnish their PAN,

Bank Account details, KYC and Nomination details by submitting the prescribed forms, duly filled and signed by the registered holders, by e-mail

from their registered e-mail address to einward.ris@kfintech.com or by submitting a physical copy thereof to KFIN at its address give herein above.

Members holding shares in demat form are requested to submit their PAN, Bank Account details, KYC and Nomination details to their respective

Depository Participants ("DP").

14.

Members who have not updated their latest e-mail address in the records of the Bank / Depository Participant, are requested to update the same.

15.

As per Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended from time to time, transfer, transmission and transposition of securities of listed

companies held in physical form shall be effected only in demat mode. Further, SEBI has, vide its circular dated 25th January, 2022, also mandated that

listed companies shall, while processing investor service requests pertaining to issuance of duplicate securities certificate or exchange of securities

certificate, endorsement, sub-division / consolidation of certificates, etc., issue the securities only in demat mode. In view of this mandate of SEBI

as also to eliminate all risks associated with physical certificates and to get inherent benefits of dematerialisation, Members holding securities in

physical form are advised to avail of the facility of dematerialisation.

16.

Pursuant to the MCA Circulars and the circular on Relaxation from compliance with certain provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, issued

by SEBI on 13th May, 2022, the Notice convening the AGM of the Bank, the Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 and the e-voting instructions are

being sent only by e-mail to those Members who have registered their e-mail address with their DPs / KFIN / Bank. Members may note that

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter, etc., together with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly authorised representative(s), at

e-mail id: rupaldjhaveri@rediffmail.com, with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. Such authorisation shall contain necessary authority in

favour of its authorised representative(s) to attend the AGM.

18.

Instructions for Remote Electronic Voting (“remote e-voting”)

•

In accordance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014

(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) (“Rules”), the MCA Circulars and Regulation 44

of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with circular of SEBI on e-voting Facility provided by Listed Entities dated 9th December, 2020, Secretarial

Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) and any amendments thereto, the Bank is providing remote e-voting facility to all its Members to enable

them to cast their vote on the matters listed in the Notice by electronic means and business will be transacted through such voting.

•

The Bank has engaged the services of NSDL for providing e-voting facility to its Eligible Members, enabling them to cast their vote electronically,

in a secured manner.

•

The remote e-voting facility shall be available during the following period:

Commencement of remote e-voting: Tuesday, 23rd August, 2022 (from 9:00 a.m. IST)

End of remote e-voting: Friday, 26th August, 2022 (till 5:00 p.m. IST)

The remote e-voting will not be allowed beyond the aforesaid date and time and the remote e-voting module shall be forthwith disabled by

NSDL upon expiry of the aforesaid period.

•

Eligible Members, other than individuals may, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 112 and 113 of the Act, appoint representatives for

the purpose of e-voting.

The manner of e-voting / logging in the AGM by (i) individual Members holding equity shares of the Bank in demat mode, (ii) Members other than

individuals holding equity shares of the Bank in demat mode, (iii) Members holding equity shares of the Bank in physical mode and (iv) Members

who have not registered their e-mail address, is explained in the instructions given herein below:

(i)

LOGIN METHOD FOR E-VOTING FOR INDIVIDUAL MEMBERS HOLDING SECURITIES IN DEMAT MODE

As per circular of SEBI on e-voting Facility provided by Listed Entities dated 9th December , 2020, all individual Members holding equity shares

of the Bank in demat mode can cast their vote by way of a single login credential, through their demat accounts / websites of Depositories /

DPs. The procedure, as implemented by the Depositories / DPs is, given below:

“Two Step” Process for voting electronically using the NSDL e-voting system:

Step 1: Access to NSDL e-voting System

A)

Login method for e-voting

Type of Member

Login Method

Individual Members

holding equity shares

of the Bank in demat

mode with NSDL

1.

Visit the e-voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following

URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home

page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder /

Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat

account number held with NSDL), Password / OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen.

After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see

e-voting page. Click on Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited or e-voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you

will be redirected to e-voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period.

2.

Existing IDeAS users can visit the e-Services website of NSDL viz., https://eservices.nsdl.com either

on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page, click on the “Beneficial Owner”

icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. On the next screen, enter your existing

User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-voting services under

value added services. Click on “Access to e-voting” under e-voting services and you will be able to see

e-voting page. Click on Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited or e-voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you

will be re-directed to e-voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period.

3.

If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at

https://eservices.nsdl.com Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click on

https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp

4.

Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code

mentioned below for seamless voting experience.

Google Play

NSDL Mobile App is available on

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter, etc., together with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly authorised representative(s) who are authorised to vote, to the

Scrutiniser by e-mail to rupaldjhaveri@rediffmail.com, with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in Such Members can also upload their Board

Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed under “e-voting” tab in

their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login to

the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through

the 'Forgot User Details/Password?' or 'Physical User Reset Password?' option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions ("FAQs") for Members and e-voting user manual for Members available at the

download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 224 430 or send a request to Mr. Amit Vishal, Assistant

Vice President – NSDL at AmitV@nsdl.co.in / Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager – NSDL at pallavid@nsdl.co.in or at NSDL’s e-voting e-mail id at

evoting@nsdl.co.in

(B)

In case of a Member whose e-mail address is not registered / updated with the Bank / KFIN / Depository / DPs, please follow the following steps

to generate your login credentials:

Members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in / KotakBank.Secretarial@kotak.com for procuring user ID and password for e-voting.

a)

In case shares are held in physical mode, please provide Folio Number, name of the Members, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and

back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN Card) and AADHAAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhaar Card).

b)

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DP ID and Client ID (16-digit DP ID and Client ID or 16-digit beneficiary ID), name of

Member, client master or copy of consolidated account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN Card) and AADHAAR (self-attested

scanned copy of Aadhaar Card).

c)

If you are an Individual Member holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at Step 1 (A).

After verification of your request, NSDL will send the user ID and password credentials to you electronically.

In case of any queries, you may refer to the FAQs for Members and e-voting user manual for Members available in the download section of

www.evoting.nsdl.com to get your grievances on e-voting addressed.

•

The voting rights of Eligible Members shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Bank as on the Cut-off Date

i.e. 20th August, 2022, subject to applicable laws, including the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

•

The Board of

Managing Director or the Company Secretary. The results of the e-voting will be announced by the Chairman of the Bank, or in his absence,

the Joint: Managing

letter bearing Ref. No. DBR. Appt. No. 3299/29.40.001/2019-20 dated 24th October, 2019, approved the said

appointment for a period of three years, with effect from the date of approval or date of taking charge, whichever was later. Accordingly, Mr. Shah’s

term as Whole-time Director came into effect from 1st November, 2019 i.e. the date on which he took charge of his office. Mr. Shah's term will end on

31st October, 2022.

Mr. Shah has conveyed that, having crossed the age of 60 years, he would like to focus on a few things in his personal space and that it may result in

him not being able to devote his full time and attention to his position as a Whole-time Director of the Bank. He has, accordingly, requested the Board

to not consider him for the re-appointment. The Board, at its meeting held on 4th May, 2022, noted that Mr. Shah would, accordingly, cease to be a

Director and Whole-time Director, with effect from the close of business hours on 31st October, 2022. He will, however, continue to serve on the Boards of

Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company Limited, Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance Company Limited, Kotak Mahindra General Insurance Company

Limited, Kotak Investment Advisors Limited and Kotak Mahindra (International) Limited, even after ceasing to be on the Bank’s Board.

Pursuant to Section 152 of the Act and as per the terms of his appointment, Mr. Shah comes up for retirement by rotation at the Thirty-Seventh Annual

General Meeting. Being eligible, Mr. Shah has offered himself for re-appointment to hold office till the end of his current term as Whole-time Director i.e.

at the end of business hours on 31st October, 2022.

Your Directors recommend the passing of the resolution at Item No. 6 of the accompanying Notice.

Mr. Gaurang Shah and his relatives may be deemed to be concerned or interested in the resolution relating to his re-appointment. None of the other

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the passing of the

Ordinary Resolution at Item No. 6 of the accompanying Notice.

ITEM NO. 7

At the Annual General Meeting of the Bank held on 25th August, 2021, the Members had approved the appointment of Walker Chandiok & Co LLP,

Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration Number 001076N / N500013) and Price Waterhouse LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration Number

301112E /E300264), as Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank for the purpose of the audit of the Bank’s standalone and consolidated financial statements, for

the financial year 2021-22. An overall fee of ` 29,000,000/- (Rupees Two Crore Ninety Lakh only), to be allocated by the Bank between the Joint Statutory

Auditors, depending upon their respective scope of work, in addition to the out of pocket expenses, outlays and taxes, as applicable, had been approved

by the Members.

There have been various additional requirements during the financial year 2021-22, for which the Joint Statutory Auditors have provided additional services

and in respect of which an additional fees / remuneration of Rs. 2,000,000 (Rupees Twenty lakh only), in addition to any out of pocket expenses, outlays and

taxes, as applicable, are proposed to be paid to the Joint Statutory Auditors. Based on the approval and recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board

at its meeting held on 4th May, 2022, approved the aforementioned payment of additional fees / remuneration to the Joint Statutory Auditors, subject to

the approval of the Members of the Bank and such other consents / permissions / sanctions as may be required from any regulatory / statutory authority.

Accordingly, approval of the Members is now being sought for the payment of additional fees / remuneration to the Joint Statutory Auditors for the financial

year 2021-22, for the general increase in their efforts, depending upon their respective scope of work, in addition to the out of pocket expenses, outlays

and taxes, as applicable.

Your Directors recommend the passing of the resolution at Item No. 7 of the accompanying Notice.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the passing

of the Ordinary Resolution at Item No. 7 of the accompanying Notice.

ITEM NOS. 8 AND 9

Pursuant to the Bank’s Policy on appointment of Statutory Auditors (“Policy”) and the Circular of the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) bearing

No. DoS.CO.ARG/SEC.01/08.91.001/2021-22 dated 27th April, 2021 (“RBI Circular” / “Guidelines”) prescribing the guidelines for appointment of Statutory

Central Auditors (SCAs) / Statutory Auditors (SAs) of Commercial Banks (excluding Regional Rural Banks), Urban Co-operative Banks and Non-Banking

Financial Companies (including Housing Finance Companies) and upon recommendation of the Audit Committee and the Board and the further approval

of the RBI, the Members of the Bank had, at the Annual General Meeting held on 25th August, 2021, re-appointed Walker Chandiok & Co LLP, Chartered

Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 001076N / N500013) as one of the Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank, for financial year 2021-22, to hold office

from the conclusion of the Thirty-Sixth Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of the Thirty-Seventh Annual General Meeting of the Bank and appointed

Price Waterhouse LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 301112E / E300264), as the other Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank, for the

purpose of the audit of the Bank’s standalone and consolidated financial statements for a period of three years, with effect from financial year 2021-22, and

to hold office from the conclusion of the Thirty-Sixth Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of the Thirty-Ninth Annual General Meeting of the Bank.

The term of Walker Chandiok & Co LLP as one of the Bank’s Joint Statutory Auditors expires at the conclusion of the Thirty-Seventh Annual General

Meeting of the Bank.

Pursuant to the RBI Circular and the Policy, the Bank is required to appoint Joint Statutory Auditors in place of Walker Chandiok & Co LLP, for the

purpose of the audit of the Bank’s standalone and consolidated financial statements for a period of three years, with effect from financial

year 2022-23 i.e. till financial year 2024-25 and to hold office from the conclusion of the Thirty-Seventh Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of the

Fortieth Annual General Meeting of the Bank.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter bearing Ref. No. Dos. Co. RPD. No. S2271/08.30.005/2022-23 dated 5th July, 2022, granted its approval for the aforementioned

appointment of the second Joint Statutory Auditors.

The details in relation to and credentials of KKC & Associates LLP are, as follows:

KKC & Associates LLP is a firm established in 1936, with presence in Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Bengaluru and Pune with around 10 and team size of more than

200 professional and others. Two partners of the firm are the Past Presidents of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the partners have been

or are associated with various banking institutions and global organisations like the International Monetary Fund, United Nations Development Programme,

United Nations, International Federation of Accountants, etc. and are members of various committees constituted by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs,

Securities and Exchange Board of India, Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority, etc. The firm has a number of clients in the financial services

industry including Banks, NBFCs, Insurance companies besides a number of listed companies. The firm is / has been the statutory auditors for a number

of banks, both public and private as well as operations of foreign banks in India.

The Audit Committee and the Board, at their respective meetings held on 23rd July, 2022, approved an overall annual remuneration / fee of an amount not exceeding

` 35,000,000 (Rupees Three Crore Fifty Lakh only) in addition to any out of pocket expenses, outlays and taxes, as applicable, for financial year 2022-23, to Price

Waterhouse LLP and KKC & Associates LLP, as the Joint Statutory Auditors, to be mutually agreed between the Bank and both the Joint Statutory Auditors,

depending on the scope of work undertaken by each of them, for the purpose of audit of the Bank’s standalone and consolidated financial statements

and subject to the approval of the Members.

The approval of the Members of the Bank is being sought pursuant to the provisions of Sections 139, 141,142 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the

Act and the relevant Rules thereunder and pursuant to Section 30 of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and RBI Circular, for:

(i)

the aforementioned appointment of KKC & Associates LLP as one of the Joint Statutory Auditors;

(ii)

fixing the remuneration of the Joint Statutory Auditors for the financial year 2022-23; and

(iii)

granting authority to the Board, including the Audit Committee or any other person authorised by it, to determine roles and responsibilities / scope

of work of the respective Joint Statutory Auditors, negotiate, finalise, amend, sign, deliver and execute the terms of their appointment and also to

negotiate, finalise, allocate / apportion the aforesaid remuneration between the Joint Statutory Auditors, depending on their respective roles and

responsibilities / scope of work, and if required, alter and vary the terms of remuneration due to any change / increase in roles and responsibilities /

scope of work, any amendments in Accounting Standards or regulations and such other requirements resulting in the change / increase in roles and

responsibilities / scope of work, etc., of the Joint Statutory Auditors, without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the Members

of the Bank.

As per the applicable provisions of law, including the RBI Circular and the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the appointment of Joint Statutory Auditors would

be subject to the approval of the RBI every year, from financial year 2023-24 onwards.

Your Directors recommend the passing of resolutions at Item Nos. 8 and 9 of the accompanying Notice.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the passing of the

Ordinary Resolutions at Item Nos. 8 and 9 of the accompanying Notice.

ITEM NOS. 5 AND 10

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) and the approval of the Board of Directors of the Bank, the

Members, at the Thirty-Fourth Annual General Meeting of the Bank held on 22nd July, 2019, approved the appointment of Mr. KVS Manian (DIN: 00031794)

as a Director and Whole-time Director of the Bank for a period of three years, subject to approval of the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”).

The RBI vide its: letter bearing Ref. No. DBR. Appt. No. 3299/29.40.001/2019-20 dated 24th October, 2019, approved the said appointment for a period of

three years, with effect from the date of approval or date of taking charge, whichever is later. Accordingly, Mr. Manian’s appointment came into effect from

1st November, 2019, the date on which he took charge of his office and is valid till 31st October, 2022.

During his tenure as the Whole-time

Managing Director & CEO and a Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank and Mr. Jaimin Bhatt,

Group President & Group Chief Financial Officer and a Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank, are Directors on the Board of Infina. Accordingly, Mr. Uday Kotak and

Mr. Jaimin Bhatt and their respective relatives may be deemed to be concerned or interested in the resolution contained at Item No. 12 above.

Mr. Uday Kotak is the: Managing

Managing Director of Kotak Mahindra

Life Insurance Company Limited (“KLI”) from

1st November, 2004 to 30th April, 2010.

Ms. Shanti Ekambaram is Group President and

oversees Treasury, 811 and other corporate

functions

like

Human

Resources,

Group

Marketing & Corporate Communications, Public

Affairs, Vigilance, Financial Inclusion amongst

others. Ms. Ekambaram has been associated

with the Kotak Mahindra Group for over 30 years

and has been responsible for successfully setting

up and running several business units. Prior to

her current role, she was Head of Consumer

Banking business since April 2014 and focused

on growing customer acquisition, cross-selling

and digital adoption across physical and digital

channels and as an integrated Consumer

Banking franchise across asset and liability

products. Under her leadership, the Consumer

Banking business continued to record amongst

the fastest pace of customer acquisition and

savings account growth at an exemplary pace

in the Indian banking industry. Prior to this,

Ms. Ekambaram was President - Corporate &

Investment Banking for 11 years till April 2014.

She was also Executive Director and CEO of

Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited.

Before

joining

Kotak

Mahindra

Group,

Ms. Ekambaram had a short stint with Bank

of Nova Scotia - the Canadian International

Bank, with their corporate banking and treasury

division.

Ms. Ekambaram is on the Board of Indian

Institute

of

Management

–

Bangalore

(IIM-B). She was a member of the FICCI

National

Committee

on

Banking

for

financial year 2021-22.

Business Today, one of India’s leading business

magazines, has recognised Ms. Ekambaram

as one of the ‘Most Powerful Women in Indian

Business’ from 2013-2017, 2019 and 2020.

Fortune India has featured her as one of the

top 50 Most Powerful Women in Business

in India from 2016-2020. She received the

'CA Business Leader' award by the Institute

of Chartered Accountants of India in the

'Large Corporate – BFSI' category in 2020 and

was also named 'CA Woman Business Leader'

in 2013. Further, the Ladies’ Wing of the IMC

Chamber of Commerce and Industry recognised

Ms. Ekambaram as 'Woman of the Year' 2013-

14 in Banking and Financial Services.

Number of Board Meetings

attended during the

financial year 2021-22

13 out of 13

11 out of 13

Not Applicable (appointment yet to come into

effect)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

KVS Manian

Whole-time Director

C Jayaram

Non-Executive Director

Amit Desai

Non-Executive Director

Standing left to right

Ashu Suyash

Independent Director

Uday Kotak: Managing Director & CEO

Prakash Apte

Non-Executive

letter in 10 minutes

» Strong growth in asset, cross-sell and

distribution fee income as we continue

Impact

» We have been able to make significant

inroads into lowering cost of funds and our

cost of funds is now at a historic low

» High CASA ratio positions us well for future

growth

Capitals impacted

Social and Relationship Capital

ESG linkage:

This pillar of strategy aligns with one of the

key material topics of ‘Enhancing customer

experience’

2.1X*

Average monthly

active users for Keya

Chatbot

2.2X

#

Monthly active users

on WhatsApp

3.2%

Cost of funds

60.7%

CASA ratio

KPIs

KPIs*

usage of analytics and CRM platform to

penetrate and deepen engagement with our

customers

» Kaymall has integrated with e-commerce,

OTT and travel platforms to provide one-stop

experience

» Straight Through Processing (STP) for most

service requests

3.52%

Cost of SA

89%

CASA and TDs below

`5 crore, as % of total

deposits

SDG linkage:

1.9X

Volume growth

of KayMall in-app

shopping

57%

Of total bank

customer requests

processed real-time

86%

Of DIY requests comes

online

It enables the Bank to curate a positive

experience towards building long-term

relationships through improved customer

acquisitions, engagement, and satisfaction

Capitals impacted

Financial Capital

ESG linkage:

This strategy, through its attractive offerings

and seamless digital services, enhances

customer experience and also supports in

reaching out to new customers. It also provides

the Bank an avenue to manage customer’s

data in a responsible manner, ensuring data

protection and customer privacy

SDG linkage:

Pursue advances growth, ensuring

right asset quality additions at risk

adjusted pricing, and appropriate

risk management

We continue to maintain a balanced mix

between secured and unsecured loans

with consistent focus on improving

customer TATs and risk-adjusted pricing

by strengthening our technology back-

end and use of analytics, and customer-

friendly front-end applications to grow

aggressively. We are prudently growing

our analytics-driven unsecured loans and

credit card exposures. Our digital journeys

on lending have helped us increase

adoption amongst customers.

Impact

» Sustainable balance sheet growth

» Disciplined credit risk management

» Strong asset quality

» Risk-adjusted return on capital

21%

Growth in advances

55 bps

Bank credit cost

on advances (excl.

COVID reversal)

2.13%

Return on Assets (ROA)

KPIs*

Capitals impacted

Financial Capital

ESG linkage:

Kotak Mahindra Group is a responsible financial

institution and integrates ESG evaluation

into its lending and investment processes.

Kotak Mahindra Bank has initiated a climate

risk assessment in FY 2021-22, which upon

completion, would give direction to include more

climate-aligned exposures in its portfolio

SDG linkage:

2.34%

Gross NPA

0.64%

Net NPA

*Bank Standalone | YoY

*Q4FY22 vs Q4FY21 | #March 2022 vs. March 2021 | YoY

Value Creation Strategy

Megatrends and Strategy

Change

Financial Highlights

Consolidated Financial Statements

Bank Reports and Statements

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

42

43

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director), with all the three

members forming the quorum.

The Committee has been instrumental

in defining the focus areas of the ESG

Policy Framework. The Committee reviews

and monitors our ESG impact, risks,

opportunities, and performance annually

and provides a strategic direction. This

Committee is also responsible for reviewing

and approving our ESG disclosures.

We have a dedicated ESG function at the

Bank which acts as a nodal team, responsible

for the overall implementation of the ESG-

We, at the Bank, limit our exposure to

environmental (including climate), social and

governance-related risks by integrating ESG

factors in our credit appraisal processes.

We have instituted an ESG Management

Systems Plan (EMSP) based on the

IFC guidance and other ESG evaluation

frameworks to identify, review and manage

the ESG risks in our credit portfolio.

The EMSP sets out the criteria for due

diligence and evaluation of borrowers from

an ESG perspective. These borrowers are

categorised based on their activities and

their social and environmental impact. Based

on the category, evaluation is undertaken

for capital expenditure and working capital

loans above a certain size and tenure,

against ESG criteria. This evaluation provides

a score, which is adjusted downwards for

borrowers from sectors that have an adverse

In electric vehicles financed by KMPL in

FY 2021-22 compared to FY 2020-21

Number of lending proposals

evaluated for ESG aspects

Enabled settlements on e-NAM platform

Solar power financing by

KIAL advised funds

3x Increase

1,500+

~₹500 cr

680 MWp

related policies and processes. Further, this

team reviews the ESG performance across

functions, communicates our organisation’s

progress through periodic reports to

internal and external stakeholders including

the Board Committee. The ESG function

works alongside a task force comprising of

representatives from relevant functions and

group companies for the implementation of

ESG strategy at the Group level.

We also engage with Government agencies,

think tanks and industry associations

to contribute views and ideas to assist

development of regulations and policies for

building sustainable practices in the industry.

In FY 2021-22, we became a member of

Climate Finance Leadership Initiative (CFLI)

India. CFLI is a global initiative promoted

by Bloomberg LP, that convenes leading

financial institutions to mobilise private

capital for climate solutions.

environmental or social impact. Final scores

are included in the Credit Assessment Note.

Further, our EMSP defines an exclusionary

list which prescribes thresholds/ ceilings on

exposure limits for certain industries and

activities. We, at the Bank, are also in the

process of integrating external ESG ratings

of companies in our evaluation of ESG

performance.

The EMSP includes guidelines for periodic

supervision and monitoring for the

financed projects on an ongoing basis. The

administration and oversight of this plan

rests with our Credit team, while the ESG

function is responsible for facilitating training

to the staff accountable for implementation

of the EMSP. It is reviewed periodically

to determine its alignment with new and

modified regulations or guidance.

During FY 2021-22, we, reviewed more than

1,500 lending proposals that included ESG

evaluation as per EMSP. We will strive to

enhance integration of sustainable finance

principles while making financing decisions,

to contribute to the Sustainable Development

Goals (SDGs), and relevant national and

international frameworks.

We also drive social impact through our

service offerings and our work as settlement

banker on e-National Agriculture Market

(e-NAM) platform is an example of this.

We had been shortlisted along with five

other banks as a settlement banker on the

e-NAM payments platform and have settled

transactions worth over `500 crore in

FY 2021-22. The platform provides

opportunity for farmers in farfetched villages

to sell their produce and receive payments

through digital mode.

E S G O V E R V I E W

AT KOTAK

AT KOTAK

AT KOTAK

Sustainability

Material topic(s) covered

Financing with a focus on environmental sustainability

We strive to deliver

value to our stakeholders

by embedding social and

environmental parameters

in operations and financial

decision making.

Kotak is a member

of Climate Finance

Leadership Initiative

(CFLI) India

14GRI 102-46 | 15GRI 102-52 | 16GRI 102-51 | 17GRI 102- 49, GRI 102-48 | 18GRI 102-11 |

19GRI 102-21, GRI 102-29, GRI 102-31, GRI 102-32, GRI 103-2, GRI 103-3 | 20GRI 103-2, 103-3

ESG Performance

ESG overview

Change

Financial Highlights

Consolidated Financial Statements

Bank Reports and Statements

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

54

55

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director Excellence

Awards annually for its outstanding

employees.

P E O P L E

HUMAN RIGHTS37

Our Group respects human rights of all our

stakeholders and ensures adherence with

laws safeguarding these universal rights.

We have formulated a Human Rights and

Anti-Discrimination policy that outlines

our commitment to the United Nations’

Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the

International Labor Organisations’ (ILO) core

labour standards and national laws. Our HR

function also oversees the implementation

PREVENTION OF SEXUAL

HARASSMENT (PoSH)

Our Group has a zero-tolerance policy on sexual

harassment, and we have established systems,

processes and policies to safeguard our women

employees. The policy on Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace aims to prevent, prohibit

and redress any misconduct. Further, our Code

of Conduct enables disciplinary action for

sexual harassment irrespective of gender.

In accordance with the requirement of the

Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace Act,

2013, our Group has set up a dedicated internal

committee. Details of sexual harassment

complaints are provided in the BRSR

disclosure38.

GRIEVANCE MECHANISM39

Our Group implemented a robust and efficient

grievance redressal mechanism with a defined

escalation matrix. Our employees are made

aware through periodic e-mails and the Code of

Conduct, the different platforms through which

they can raise concerns, the resolution process

and contact details of the grievance officer.

Further, our Group has a Whistle Blower policy

and framework for all our stakeholders to

raise any concerns over a digital platform

that safeguards confidentiality of the whistle

blower’s identity. We also have zero tolerance

for workplace retaliation.

of this policy. We have zero tolerance for

forced and child labour and support freedom

of association, right to collective bargaining

and equal remuneration. Nearly 3.4% of

our permanent employees (i.e. 1,694) are

members of Employees’ Associations (Indian

Banking Association)40.

In FY 2021-22, no human rights grievances

were raised but seven complaints on

workplace discrimination were received,

which have been addressed. We are

committed to undertaking periodic human

rights assessment to identify, assess and

mitigate potential human rights risks. We

cover human rights as part of our Code of

Conduct training and are in the process of

developing a dedicated module on human

rights for our employees.

Kotak considers its

people to be the most

valued assets and is

committed to providing

the best opportunities

to them.

37GRI 103-2, GRI 103-3 | 38GRI 406-1 | 39GRI 102-17, GRI 102-33 | 40GRI 102-41

ESG Performance

Empowering our Employees

Change

Financial Highlights

Consolidated Financial Statements

Bank Reports and Statements

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

70

71

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Firm Registration No. 001076N/N500013

Chief Executive Officer

Murad D. Daruwalla

Dipak Gupta

Uday Khanna

Partner

Joint: Managing Director

Director

Membership No. 043334

For Price Waterhouse LLP

Jaimin Bhatt

Avan Doomasia

Chartered Accountants

President and

Senior Executive Vice President and

Firm Registration No. 301112E/E300264

Group Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Russell I Parera

Partner

Membership No. 042190

Mumbai

4th May, 2022

As per our report of even date attached.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Prakash Apte

Uday Kotak

Chartered Accountants

Managing Director and

Firm Registration No. 001076N/N500013

Chief Executive Officer

Murad D. Daruwalla

Dipak Gupta

Uday Khanna

Partner

Joint: Managing

letter of credit commission

is recognised over the period of the guarantee and: letter of credit respectively. Syndication / arranger fee is recognised as income

as per the terms of engagement.

vi.

Interest income on discounted instruments is recognised over the tenure of the instruments so as to provide a constant periodic

rate of return.

vii.

Upon an asset becoming non-performing assets (NPAs) the income accrued gets reversed, and is recognised only on realisation, as

per the RBI guidelines. Penal interest is recognised as income on realisation other than on running accounts where it is recognised

when due.

viii.

Gain on account of securitisation of assets is amortised over the life of the securities issued in accordance with the guidelines

issued by the RBI. Loss on account of securitisation of assets is recognised immediately in profit and loss account.

ix.

Gain on account of assignment of assets on bilateral basis is recognised based on the difference between the book value of the

assigned assets and sale consideration received.

x.

Dividend income is accounted on an accrual basis when the right to receive the dividend is established.

xi.

In respect of non-performing assets acquired from other Banks / FIs and NBFCs, collections in excess of the consideration paid

at each asset level or portfolio level is treated as income in accordance with the RBI guidelines and clarifications.

xii.

Fees received on sale of Priority Sector Lending Certificates is considered as Miscellaneous Income, while fees paid for purchase

is recognised as expense under other expenses in accordance with the guidelines issued by the RBI.

b.

Investment Banking:

i.

Issue management fees and placement fees, underwriting commission and financial advisory fees are accounted on completion

of milestones specified in the contract.

c.

Life Insurance:

i.

Premium (net of indirect tax) is recognised as income when it is due from policyholders except on unit linked policies, where the

premium is recognised when associated units are created.

ii.

In accordance with the terms of insurance policies, uncollected premium on lapsed policies is not recognised as income until

revived.

iii.

Top Up / Lump sum contributions are accounted as a part of the single premium.

iv.

Income from unit linked policies, which include fund management fees, policy administration charges, mortality charges and other

charges, if any, are recovered from the linked fund in accordance with the terms and conditions of the insurance contracts and is

accounted for as income when due.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter or when right to receive is established.

vii.

The Group receives fees for providing research to clients and records the income at the time services are provided.

D.

FIXED ASSETS (PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS)

Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible assets have been stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortisation and adjusted

for impairment, if any. Cost includes cost of purchase inclusive of freight, duties and other incidental expenses and all expenditure like site

preparation, installation costs and professional fees incurred on the asset before it is ready to put to use. Subsequent expenditure incurred on

assets put to use is capitalised only when it increases the future benefit / functioning capability from / of such assets. Gain or loss arising from

the retirement or disposal of a Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible asset are determined as the difference between the net disposal

proceeds and the carrying amount of assets and recognised as income or expense in the profit and loss account. Profit on sale of premises

of the Bank, net of taxes and transfer to statutory reserve is appropriated to capital reserve as per the RBI guidelines.

DEPRECIATION / AMORTISATION

Depreciation / amortisation is provided on a pro-rata basis on a straight line method over the estimated useful life of the assets at rates which

are equal to or higher than the rates prescribed under Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013 in order to reflect the actual usage of the assets.

The estimated useful lives of assets based on technical evaluation by management are as follows:

Asset Type

Useful life in years

Premises

58

Leasehold land Improvement to leasehold premises

Over the lease period

Over the period of lease subject to a maximum of 6 years

Office equipments (High capacity chillers, Transformers, UPS, DG set,

Fire Suppression, HVAC, PAC & Elevators)

10

Office equipments (other than above)

5

Computers

3

Furniture and Fixtures

6

Motor Vehicles

4

ATMs

5

Software (including development) expenditure

3

Goodwill (Other than on consolidation)

5

Membership Card of the Bombay Stock Exchange Limited

20

Asset Management Rights

5

Used assets purchased are depreciated over the residual useful life from the date of purchase.

Assets costing less than ` 5,000 are fully depreciated in the year of purchase.

E.

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

i.

Defined Benefit Plans:

Gratuity:

The Group provides for gratuity covering employees in accordance with the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972, service regulations and service

awards as the case may be. The Group’s liability is actuarially determined using projected unit credit method at the balance sheet date.

The Bank and seven of its subsidiaries make contributions to a gratuity fund administered by trustees and managed by Life Insurance

companies. In other subsidiaries gratuity obligation is wholly unfunded. The contribution made to the trusts is recognised as planned

assets.

Pension:

In respect of pension payable to certain employees of erstwhile ING Vysya Bank Limited (eIVBL) under Indian Banks’ Association (IBA)

structure, the Bank contributes 10% of basic salary to a pension fund and the difference between the contribution and the amount

actuarially determined by an independent actuary is trued up based on actuarial valuation conducted as at the balance sheet date. The

pension fund is managed by a Life Insurance company. The present value of the Bank’s defined pension obligation is determined using

the projected unit credit method as at the balance sheet date.

Employees covered by the pension plan are not eligible for employer’s contribution under the provident fund plan.

The contribution made to the pension fund is recognised as planned assets.

The defined benefit obligation recognised in the balance sheet represents the present value of the defined benefit obligation as reduced

by the fair value of the plan assets.

Actuarial gains or losses in respect of all defined benefit plans are recognised immediately in the profit and loss account in the year in

which they are incurred.

ii.

Defined Contribution Plans:

Provident Fund:

Contribution as required by the statute made to the government provident fund or to a fund set up by the Bank and administered by

a board of trustees is debited to the profit and loss account when an employee renders the related service. The Group has no further

obligations.

Superannuation Fund:

The Group makes contributions in respect of eligible employees, subject to a maximum of ` 0.01 crore per employee per annum to a

fund administered by trustees and managed by Life Insurance companies. The Group recognises such contributions as an expense in

the year when an employee renders the related service. The Group has no further obligations.

New Pension Scheme:

The Group contributes upto 10% of eligible employees’ salary per annum, to the New Pension Fund administered by a Pension Fund

Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) appointed pension fund manager. The Group recognises such contributions as an

expense in the year when an employee renders the related service.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO - KMBL

Mr. Dipak Gupta - Joint: Managing

Managing Director and

Firm Registration No. 001076N/N500013

Chief Executive Officer

Murad D. Daruwalla

Dipak Gupta

Uday Khanna

Partner

Joint: Managing

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Dipak Gupta

Uday Khanna

Joint: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, Mr. Dipak Gupta, Joint Managing

Director, Mr. KVS Manian and Mr. Gaurang Shah, both Whole-time Directors. The size of the Board is commensurate with the size and business of the

Bank. The Board mix provides a combination of professionalism, knowledge and experience required in the banking industry and also meets the criteria

prescribed under the Board Diversity Policy adopted by the Board.

Change in composition of the Board during the year

At the 36th AGM of the Bank held on 25th August, 2021, the members approved the re-appointment of Mr. Uday Chander Khanna as an Independent Director

of the Bank, for a second term of three years, with effect from 16th September, 2021.

At the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bank held on 10th / 11th December, 2021, the Board had approved the appointment of Ms. Ashu Suyash

as an Independent Director for a term of five years, with effect from 24th January, 2022 up to 23rd January, 2027 (both days inclusive), subject to the

approval of the members of the Bank. Further, the members of the Bank had granted their consent to the aforesaid appointment of Ms. Suyash by way of

Postal Ballot on 19th January, 2022.

Further, at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bank held on 18th / 19th March, 2022, the Board had approved the appointment of Mr. Amit Desai

as an Additional Director of the Bank, with effect from 18th March, 2022, designated as a ‘Non-Executive Director’, subject to the approval of the members

of the Bank. The members of the Bank had granted their consent to the aforesaid appointment of Mr. Desai by way of Postal Ballot on 23rd May, 2022.

The Board of Directors of the Bank at its Meeting held on 4th May, 2022:

i.

Approved the re-appointment of Mr. KVS Manian as a Whole-time Director for a period of three years (post the expiry of his current term on

31st October, 2022), with effect from 1st November, 2022 or from the date of regulatory approvals, whichever is later;

ii.

Accepted the request of Mr. Gaurang Shah, to not continue as a Whole-time Director and Director of the Bank, on expiry of his current term on

31st October, 2022; and

iii.

Approved the appointment of Ms. Shanti Ekambaram as a Whole-time Director for a period of three years, with effect from 1st November, 2022 or

from the date of regulatory approvals, whichever is later.

Directors retiring by rotation

At the meeting of the Board of Directors held on 25th June, 2022, the Board approved the proposal for re-appointment of Mr. KVS Manian and

Mr. Gaurang Shah (up to the end of his current term as a Whole-time Director i.e. 31st October, 2022), as the Directors of the Bank, liable to retire by rotation

at the ensuing AGM, in terms of Section 152 of the Act.

The details of the Directors along with the rationale for their proposed appointment / re-appointment, as mentioned above, are included in the Notice

convening the Thirty-Seventh AGM of the Bank.

Declaration from Independent Directors

All the Independent Directors of the Bank have submitted the requisite declarations stating that they meet the criteria of independence as prescribed

under Section 149 (6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The Board reviewed and assessed the veracity of the aforesaid

declarations, as required under Regulation 25(9) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. In the opinion of the Board, all the Independent Directors fulfil the said

conditions as mentioned in Section 149(6) of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations and are independent of the Management. All the Independent Directors

of the Bank have complied with the provisions of sub rule (1) and (2) of Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014

with respect to registration with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs for the Independent Directors’ Data base and have passed the proficiency test or

are exempted from the same. There has been no change in the circumstances affecting their status as Independent Directors of the Bank. In the opinion

of the Board, the Independent Directors possess the requisite integrity, experience, expertise and proficiency required under all applicable laws and the

policies of the Bank.

Certificate on non-debarment or non-disqualification of Directors

In terms of Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Bank has obtained a certificate from Ms. Rupal D. Jhaveri,

Practising Company Secretary, confirming that none of the Directors on the Board of the Bank have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed

or continuing as Directors of the companies either by SEBI or MCA or any other statutory / regulatory authority.

Director e-KYC

MCA has vide amendments to the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, mandated registration of KYC of all Directors. All

the Directors of the Bank have complied with said requirement in FY 2021-22.

Directors and Officers Liability Insurance Policy

The Bank has a Directors and Officers Liability Insurance Policy which protects Directors and Officers of the Bank for any breach of fiduciary duty.

Board Evaluation1

The Board conducted the performance evaluation of the Individual Directors, Board Committees, Board as a whole and the Chairman of the Board

in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations, including the Guidance Note on Board Evaluation issued by SEBI on

5th January, 2017.

The NRC of the Board approves the criteria and the mechanism for carrying out the said performance evaluation process. Accordingly, the NRC approved

the assessment questionnaire designed for the annual performance evaluation which broadly covered the following criteria:

i.

Board - Competencies, composition and structure, board dynamics, process and procedure, functioning, oversight of committee composition and

functioning and ethics and compliance

ii.

Committees - Composition and quality, process and procedure, terms of reference and effectiveness in terms of respective roles assigned to the

Committees

iii.

Chairman - Key focus areas covering understanding of the role, commitment, team work attributes, utilisation of domain expertise, effective

communication, etc. and certain other parameters such as efficient leadership, decision making, professionalism, impartial conduct, devotion of

sufficient time, effective communication and facilitation of productive deliberation

iv.

Individual Directors - Understanding of role, commitment, effective contribution, independent view to decision making, utilization of domain

expertise, etc.

The aforesaid questionnaire was circulated to all the Directors of the Bank for the annual performance evaluation. The Board evaluated the effectiveness

of its functioning and that of the Committees and of individual Directors through the annual Board Evaluation Process.

The Bank had engaged an independent external professional services firm for issuing a report on the Board Evaluation for the Bank, based on the responses

received from the Directors. Based on the assessment of the responses received to the questionnaire from the Directors on the annual evaluation of

the Board, its Committees, the Chairman and the individual Directors, the Board Evaluation Report was placed before the meeting of the Independent

Directors held on 24th June, 2022, for consideration. Similarly, the Board at its meeting held on 25th June, 2022, assessed the performance of the

Independent Directors and the outcome of the Board performance evaluation exercise.

1 GRI 102-28

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

ii.

Mr. Dipak Gupta, Joint: Managing Director

iii.

Mr. KVS Manian, Whole-time Director

iv.

Mr. Gaurang Shah, Whole-time Director

v.

Mr. Jaimin Bhatt, Group Chief Financial Officer

vi.

Ms. Avan Doomasia, Company Secretary

There were no changes in the KMPs during FY 2021-22.

POLICY ON APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL2

The appointment and remuneration of Directors of the Bank is governed by the provisions of Section 35B of the BR Act. The NRC has formulated the

criteria for appointment of Directors and Senior Management Personnel. Based on the criteria set, the NRC recommends to the Board, the appointment

of Directors and Senior Management personnel.

The NRC reviews the range of skills, experience and expertise on the Board and identifies its needs. After a detailed search, a master list of candidates

is prepared. The NRC then shortlists the candidates from the master list based on the selection criteria viz., qualifications, knowledge, experience, skills,

expertise, fit and proper status, positive attributes as per the suitability of the role, independent status and various regulatory / statutory requirements,

as may be required of the candidate, and also keeping in view the Bank’s Board Diversity Policy. After detailed discussions and deliberations, the NRC

recommends the candidate to the Board.

The Bank adheres to the process and methodology prescribed by the RBI in respect of the ‘Fit & Proper’ criteria as applicable to Private Sector Banks,

signing of Deeds of Covenants which binds the Directors to discharge their responsibilities to the best of their abilities, individually and collectively in order

to be eligible for being appointed / re-appointed as a Director of the Bank. The prescribed declarations / undertakings given by the Directors, other than

that of the Members of the NRC, are placed before the NRC and the declarations / undertakings given by the Members of the NRC are placed before the

Board, for its review and noting.

The said declarations / undertakings are obtained from all the Directors on an annual basis and also at the time of their appointment / re-appointment, in

compliance with the said laws. An assessment on whether the Directors fulfil the prescribed criteria is carried out by the NRC and the Board, on an annual

basis and also at the time of their appointment / re-appointment.

The salient features of the Compensation Policy are, as follows:

Objective:

•

To maintain fair, consistent and equitable compensation practices in alignment with Kotak’s core values and strategic business goals

•

To ensure effective governance of compensation and alignment of compensation practices with prudent risk taking

•

To have mechanisms in place for effective supervisory oversight and Board engagement in compensation

•

To ensure that the compensation practices are within the regulatory framework stipulated from time to time by RBI.

Compensation structure comprises total remuneration consisting of:

•

Fixed Pay, which includes perquisite pay / benefits

•

Variable Pay, which includes Performance Bonus / Incentive, Long Term Incentive Pay in the form of cash bonuses, all share-linked instruments

(e.g. ESOP, SARS, etc.)

•

Other payments, which includes Joining / Sign on Bonus, Severance package, Deferred Incentive Plans, etc.

Further, the employees have been broadly classified into following categories:

i.

Category I – Comprising Managing Director & CEO and Whole-time Director (“WTDs”)

ii.

Category II – Material Risk Takers (“MRTs”)

These include employees whose actions may have material impact on the risk exposures of the Bank and who satisfy both - qualitative and

quantitative criteria, as given below:

a.

Qualitative Criteria: Employees in the Grade M10 and above

b.

Quantitative Criteria: Fixed Cost To Company (“FTCTC”) is ` 1 crore p.a. and above

This excludes employees under Category III.

iii.

Category III – Risk control and compliance employees, comprising staff in Grade M9 and above in the following Control functions:

•

Risk & Policy function

•

Financial Control including group consolidation

•

Compliance

•

Internal Audit

•

Back-office Operations

•

Vigilance

•

Legal

•

Secretarial

•

Human Resources

•

Corporate Social Responsibility

•

Investor Relations

iv.

Category IV: Other employees - This includes all employees, not explicitly covered in the first three categories.

The limits on the ratio of total Variable Pay (Including Cash or Non Cash Pay) to Fixed Pay and the limits on the ratio of Cash v/s Non Cash within

Variable Pay, is outlined for each category of employee classification. Further, Malus and Clawback clauses are applicable as per the Compensation Policy.

The NRC of the Bank and the Board have reviewed and approved all the amendments to the said Compensation Policy.

The details of the remuneration paid to the Non-Executive Part-time

letter bearing No. DOS. CO.RPD. No. S2271 /08.30.005/2022- 23 dated 5th July, 2022, granted its approval for the aforementioned

appointment of KKC & Associates LLP, as one of the Joint Statutory Auditors.

Further, based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board at its meeting held on 23rd July, 2022, approved an overall audit fee not exceeding

`3,50,00,000/- (Rupees Three Crore Fifty Lakh Only), plus outlays and taxes, as applicable, for FY 2022-23, subject to the approval of the members, to be

allocated by the Bank between M/s. Price Waterhouse LLP, Chartered Accountants and KKC & Associates LLP, depending upon their respective scope of

work.

The approval of members of the Bank is, accordingly, being sought pursuant to the provisions of Sections 139, 141, 142 and other applicable provisions, if

any, of the Act and the relevant Rules thereunder and pursuant to Section 30 of the BR Act and RBI Circular for:

i.

the aforementioned appointment of KKC & Associates LLP, as one of the Joint Statutory Auditors; and

ii.

fixing the remuneration of the Joint Statutory Auditors for FY 2022-23.

As per the applicable provisions of law, including the RBI Circular and the BR Act, the appointment of Joint Statutory Auditors would be subject to the

approval of the RBI every year.

As required under Regulation 33(1)(d) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Joint Statutory Auditors have confirmed that they have subjected themselves to the

peer review process of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) and that they hold a valid certificate issued by the Peer Review Board of ICAI.

There are no qualifications, reservations, adverse remarks or disclaimers made by Walker Chandiok & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants and

Price Waterhouse LLP, in the Statutory Auditors Report for FY 2021-22.

Payment of additional fees / remuneration to the Statutory Auditors for FY 2021-22:

At the AGM of the Bank held on 25th August, 2021, the members had approved the appointment of Walker Chandiok & Co LLP, Chartered Accountants

(Firm Registration Number 001076N / N500013) and Price Waterhouse LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration Number 301112E / E300264), as

Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank for the purpose of the audit of the Bank’s standalone and consolidated financial statements, for FY 2021-22. An

overall fee of ` 29,000,000/- (Rupees Two Crore Ninety Lakh Only), to be allocated by the Bank between the Joint Statutory Auditors, depending upon their

respective scope of work in addition to the out of pocket expenses, outlays and taxes, as applicable, had been approved by the members.

There have been various additional requirements during FY 2021-22 for which the Statutory Auditors have provided additional services, and in respect

of which an additional remuneration / fees of ` 2,000,000 (Rupees Twenty Lakh Only) plus outlays and taxes at the applicable rates are proposed

to be paid to the Joint Statutory Auditors. Based on the approval and recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board, at its meeting held on

4th May, 2022, approved of the aforementioned payment of additional remuneration / fees to the Joint Statutory Auditors, subject to the approval of the

members of the Bank and such other consents / permissions / sanctions as may be required from any regulatory / statutory authority, if any.

Accordingly, approval of the members is now being sought for the payment of additional fees / remuneration to the Joint Statutory Auditors, for

FY 2021-22, for the general increase in their efforts, depending upon their respective scope of work, in addition to the out of pocket expenses, outlays and

taxes, as applicable.

INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS

The Board of Directors confirm that your Bank has laid down set of standards, processes and structure which enables it to implement internal financial

controls across the organisation with reference to financial statements and that such controls are adequate and are operating effectively. Controls are

reviewed / revisited / updated / deleted each year for change in processes / organisational changes / product changes, etc. Given the COVID-19 pandemic,

all additional controls that were implemented due to lockdowns and consequential Work From Home requirements were also considered and incorporated.

Testing is done for each of the controls with the help of an independent firm of Chartered Accountants, on behalf of Management, who confirm to the

Audit Committee of the Bank, the existence and operating effectiveness of controls over financial reporting. During the year under review, no material or

serious observations were observed for inefficiency or inadequacy of such controls.

IMPLEMENTATION OF IND AS

The Ministry of Finance, GOI, had vide its press release dated 18th January, 2016 outlined the roadmap for implementation of International Financial Reporting

Standards (“IFRS”) converged Ind AS for Scheduled Commercial Bank (excluding RRBs), NBFC and Insurance companies. The RBI vide its circular dated

22nd March, 2019, deferred the implementation of Ind AS for Scheduled Commercial Banks (“SCB”) till further notice, pending the consideration of some

recommended legislative amendments by GOI. The RBI has not issued any further notification on implementation of Ind AS for SCBs.

The Bank has so far taken following steps for implementation of Ind AS:

i.

Formed Steering Committee for Ind AS implementation. The Steering Committee comprises representatives from Finance, Risk, Information

Technology and Treasury. The Committee closely reviews progress of Ind AS implementation in the Bank and provides guidance on critical aspects

of the implementation.

ii.

The Bank has identified changes required to its IT systems for automation of Ind AS reporting. The Bank has identified an IT solution for Ind AS

reporting and is currently in the process of implementing the solution.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

4

4

3.

Web-link where composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the Board are disclosed on the website of the Company:

https://www.kotak.com/en/about-us/corporate-responsibility.html

4.

Details of Impact assessment of CSR Projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of Rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility

Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable : The Impact Assessment is mandated to be carried out post one year of completion of the CSR Projects.

The CSR Projects which are eligible for impact assessment got completed on 31st March, 2021. Therefore, the impact assessment of these completed

CSR Projects will be initiated in FY 2022-23 (one year after completion of these CSR Projects).”

5.

Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of Rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules,

2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any –

Sl.

No.

Financial Year

Amount available for set-off from

preceding financial years (in `)

Amount required to be set-off for

the financial year, if any (in `)

1

2020-21

7,198,728/-

7,198,728/-

TOTAL

7,198,728/-

7,198,728/-

6.

Average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5) of the Act : ` 80,915,052,196/-

7.

(a)

Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5) of the Act : ` 1,618,301,044/-

(b)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years : Not Applicable

(c)

Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any : ` 7,198,728/-

(d)

Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c) : ` 1,611,102,316/-

8.

(a)

CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:

Total Amount Spent for

the Financial Year (in `)

Amount Unspent

(in `)

Total Amount transferred to Unspent CSR

Account as per Section 135(6) of the Act

Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule VII as per

second proviso to Section 135(5) of the Act

Amount

Date of transfer

Name of the Fund

Amount

Date of transfer

65,93,87,532/-*

960,562,474/-

27th April, 2022

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

* includes administrative overhead of ` 3.87 crore

(b)

Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the Financial Year:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

(10)

(11)

Sl.

No.

Name of the Project

Item from the list

of activities in

Schedule VII to

the Act

Local

area

(Yes/

No)

Location of the project

Project

duration

(in

months)

Amount

allocated for

the project

(in `)

Amount

spent in

the current

financial

Year (in `)

Amount

transferred to

Unspent CSR

Account for the

project as per

Section 135(6)

of the Act (in `)

Mode of

Implementation

- Direct

(Yes/No)

Mode of Implementation - Through

Implementing Agency

State

District

Name

CSR

Registration

number

1

Kotak-Deeds

“College

Preparatory Project”

Special Education

Yes

Maharashtra

Mumbai

24

7,100,000

6,800,000

300,000

No

Deeds Public

Charitable

Trust

CSR00000703

2

Kotak-Y4J “Job

Portal for Persons

with Disabilities

Livelihood

enhancement

projects

Yes

Pan India

Pan India

48

17,200,000

9,000,000

8,200,000

No

Youth 4 Jobs

Foundation

CSR00002046

3

Kotak-IIMPACT

“Girl Child

Education”

Promoting

education

Yes

Odisha, Bihar,

Jharkhand,

Chhattisgarh

Madhya Pradesh and

Uttarakhand

Multiple Districts

24

27,000,000

22,180,000

4,820,000

No

IIMPACT

CSR00002935

4

Kotak- Vidhi

Inclusive “Education

Project”

Promoting

education including

special education

Yes

Pan India

Pan India

24

8,100,000

6,980,000

1,120,000

No

Vidhi Centre for

Legal Policy

CSR00000775

5

Kotak-HHH “Make

India Capable”

Employment

enhancing

vocational skills

Yes

Karnataka,

Maharashtra and Bihar

Kalaburagi, Tumkur,

Raichur, Khagaria,

Gaya, Araria, Nagpur,

Yavatmal

24

16,000,000

15,700,000

300,000

No

Head Held High

Foundation

CSR00000919

6

Kotak-KAI “Create

Science Content

for Secondary

Education”

Promoting

education

Yes

Pan India

Pan India

24

20,000,000

14,900,000

5,100,000

No

Khan Academy

India

CSR00001762

7

Kotak-KEF

“Lead (School

Leadership

Development)”

Promoting

education

Yes

Maharashtra

Mumbai

24

46,900,000

38,200,000

8,700,000

No

Kotak

Education

Foundation

CSR00001785

8

Kotak-KEF “Guru

(Capacity Building

of Teachers)”

Promoting

education

Yes

Maharashtra

Mumbai

24

25,200,000

19,200,000

6,000,000

No

Kotak

Education

Foundation

CSR00001785

9

Kotak-KEF “Umang

(Spoken English )”

Promoting

education

Yes

Maharashtra

Mumbai

24

4,34,00,000

3,66,00,000

68,00,000

No

Kotak

Education

Foundation

CSR00001785

10 Kotak-KEF “Unnati

(Vocational Skill )”

Employment

enhancing

vocational skills

Yes

Maharashtra

Mumbai

24

44,500,000

33,900,000

10,600,000

No

Kotak

Education

Foundation

CSR00001785

11 Kotak-KEF

“Nirmaan

(Infrastructure

Support in schools)”

Promoting

education

Yes

Maharashtra

Mumbai

24

11,800,000

9,600,000

2,200,000

No

Kotak

Education

Foundation

CSR00001785

Bank Reports and Statements

Directors' Report

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman – Corporate Social Responsibility and Environmental Social Governance Committee

Date : 25th June, 2022

Date : 25th June, 2022

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

10.

In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired through CSR spent in the financial year (asset-wise details):

(a)

Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset(s):

S.

No.

CSR Focus

Area

Partner NGO/Direct

Implementation

Amount of CSR

spent for creation

or acquisition of

asset

(in `)

Date of

creation of

assets

Details of assets

Project Location and complete

address

Address of Implementing

Agency / Asset Owner

Ownership of Asset

1

Promoting

education

IT for change

250,287

FY 2021-22

Laptops and peripheral

services

Karnataka, Rajasthan and

Uttar Pradesh across multiple

districts

No.393, 17th Main, 35th

Cross, Jayanagar 4th T

Block, Bengaluru - 560041

IT for change

2

Employment

enhancing

vocational

skills

Pratham Education

Foundation

261,181

FY 2021-22

Computers and Printers

Madhya Pradesh, Odisha,

Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh,

Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh,

Jharkhand and Telangana

across multiple districts.

IInd Floor, B-4/58

Safdarjung Enclave, New

Delhi-110029

Pratham Education Foundation

3

Healthcare

Direct

Implementation

10,911,630

FY 2021-22

Four ambulances with

medical equipment

1. Nadia district, West Bengal

2. Nidhrad, taluka Sanand,

district Ahmedabad

3. Ghatkopar, Mumbai

1. Nadia district, West

Bengal

2. Nidhrad, taluka Sanand,

district Ahmedabad

3. Ghatkopar, Mumbai

1. Sri Mayapur Community

Hospital

2. Sant Muni Seva Aarogya Dham

(Muni Seva Hospital

3. H J Doshi Hindusabha

Ghatkopar Hospital

4

Promoting

education

Khan Academy

India

946,595

FY 2021-22

Tablets and other

peripherals, office

equipments, etc.

PAN India

A-22, 2nd Floor, Green Park

Main Aurobindo Marg,

New Delhi- 110016

Khan Academy India

5

Promoting

education

Kotak Education

Foundation

1,946,983

FY 2021-22

Computers and Printers

Mumbai, Maharashtra

1st floor, North Side, Ujagar

Silk Mills Compound,

Sunder Baug, Opp. Deonar

Bus Depot, Off Sion –

Trombay Road, Deonar,

Mumbai – 400088

Kotak Education Foundation

6

Environment

& Sustainable

Development

Indian Institute

of Technology,

Madras

670,847

FY 2021-22

Laptops- 6 nos Light Level

Meter, Vane Anemometer,

Tachometer-Contact &

Non contact

Indian Institute of Technology,

Madras Chennai- 600 036

Indian Institute of

Technology,

Madras

Chennai- 600 036

Indian Institute of Technology,

Madras

7

Livelihood

enhancement

projects

BAIF Institutes

for Sustainable

Livelihoods &

Development

425,000

FY 2021-22

5 Motor Cycles, Hero HF

Delux i3S

Malavali Taluka, Mandya

District, Karanataka

BAIF Bhavan, Dr. Manibhai

Desai Nagar, Warje, Pune-

411058,

BAIF Institutes for Sustainable

Livelihoods & Development

8

Healthcare

Direct

implementation

8,983,107

FY 2021-22

Mobile handsets for

empowering sanitation

workers

Triloknath Road,

Lalbagh, Lucknow,

Uttar Pradesh -226001

Triloknath Road, Lalbagh,

Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh

-226001

Lucknow Nagar Nigam

9

Healthcare

Bharatiya Arogya

Nidhi

10,000,000

FY 2021-22

Upgradation of medical

infrastructure old bedside

monitor, central monitor

and ventilators

K.C. Parikh General Hospital

Juhu, Mumbai 400 049

N. S. Road 13, Juhu

Scheme, Vile Parle (West),

Mumbai- 400049

Bharatiya Arogya Nidhi

10

Promoting

education

Direct

implementation

1,700,000

FY 2021-22

Infrastructure development

of University

Warangal, Telangana

Warangal, Telangana

Kaloji Narayan Rao University of

Health Sciences

11

Healthcare

Direct

implementation

1,826,523

FY 2021-22

One ambulance

Surat, Gujarat

Surat, Gujarat

New Civil Govt Hospital

Bank Reports and Statements

Directors' Report

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

0.08x

Mr. Dipak Gupta

Joint: Managing Director

66.64x

Mr. KVS Manian

Whole-time Director

80.24x

Mr. Gaurang Shah

Whole-time Director

77.25x

2.

Percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company Secretary or

Manager, if any, in the financial year:

Directors^/Key Managerial Personnel

Title

% increase in

remuneration

% increase in

remuneration

excluding Stock

Appreciation

Rights (“SARs”)

Mr. Prakash Apte

Non-Executive Part-time

Managing Director,

Mr. KVS Manian, Whole-time Director and Mr. Gaurang Shah, Whole-time Director, for FY 2021-22, as per the terms and conditions stated therein.

viii.

The Bank appointed Ms. Avan Doomasia as the Company Secretary and Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank, with effect from 1st December, 2020,

consequent upon the retirement of Ms. Bina Chandarana from the close of business hours on 30th November, 2020. The percentage increase has not

been given since the salary received for FY 2020-21, was for part of the year.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

'Annexure A'

To,

The Members

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the Management of the Bank. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial

records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of

the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the

process and practices we followed, provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Bank.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events,

etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of Management. Our

examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Bank nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the

Management has conducted the affairs of the Bank.

For Parikh & Associates

Company Secretaries

Jigyasa N. Ved

Partner

FCS No: 6488 CP No: 6018

Place : Mumbai

UDIN: F006488D000529483

Date : 25.06.2022

PR No.: 1129/2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of this report.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Dipak Gupta, Joint: Managing

Managing Director of Syngenta India Limited (“SIL”), an agri-business company in India and

a subsidiary of Syngenta Group, one of the largest research based agri-business across the world and was also its Non-Executive Chairman for over ten

years up to September 2021. He was instrumental in setting up the Syngenta Foundation India which focuses on providing knowledge and support for

adopting scientific growing systems to resource poor farmers and enabling their access to market. In a career spanning over 40 years, he has extensive

experience in various areas of Management, business leadership and agriculture sector. In the more than 16 years of successful leadership experience in

agriculture business, he has gained diverse knowledge in various aspects of business and has been involved with many initiatives for technology, knowledge

and skills upgradation in this sector, which is vital for India’s food security. He was on the Boards of Syngenta Foundation India and Indo-Swiss Centre of

Excellence up to 15th July, 2021 and 8th June, 2021, respectively.

Mr. Apte was appointed as a Director of the Bank, with effect from 18th March, 2011. He was appointed as the Part-time Chairman of the Bank, with effect

from 20th July, 2018 and, thereafter, re-appointed for a period up to 31st December, 2023. Mr. Apte is also the Chairman of the Corporate Social Responsibility

and Environmental, Social and Governance Committee and Group Risk Management Committee of the Bank and a member of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, Risk Management Committee, Special Committee of the Board for Monitoring and Follow-up of Frauds and Review Committee

for Classification and Declaration of Borrowers as Willful Defaulters of the Bank.

Mr. Apte is also on the Board of the following companies:

Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance Company Limited (Independent Director)

Fine Organic Industries Limited# (Independent Director)

GMM Pfaudler Limited# (Independent Director) (with effect from 5th May, 2022)

He is the Chairman of the Audit Committee of Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance Company Limited and a member of the Audit Committee of Fine Organic

Industries Limited. He is also a member of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee of Fine Organic Industries Limited.

Mr. Uday Khanna, Independent Director

(DIN: 00079129)

Mr. Uday Khanna, aged 72 years, is a Chartered Accountant by qualification. Mr. Khanna was the Financial Controller and Treasurer of Hindustan Unilever

Limited (“HUL”) and was, thereafter, on the Board of HUL as Director - Exports. He has also worked as Vice Chairman of Lever Brothers in Nigeria and

General Auditor for Unilever - North America, based in the USA and was the Senior Vice President - Finance, Unilever - Asia, based in Singapore. Thereafter,

Mr. Khanna joined the Lafarge Group in Paris in June 2003 as Senior Vice President for Group Strategy, after an extensive experience of almost 30 years

with Hindustan Lever/Unilever in a variety of financial, commercial and general management roles, both nationally and internationally. Mr. Khanna was

also the: Managing Director & CEO of Lafarge India from July 2005 to July 2011 and the Non-Executive

Managing Director & CEO of CRISIL Limited up to 30th September, 2021, having requisite expertise in the areas of Business Management,

Finance, Accountancy, Banking, Risk Management and Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG"). Under her leadership, CRISIL Limited launched

its ESG scores for companies. Ms. Suyash has strong business acumen and experience spanning banking, capital markets, asset management, ratings,

research and analytics. Having set up businesses, managed them and led Mergers and Acquisitions, she brings sharp insight on strategy, execution,

finance, stakeholder management, risk and regulatory affairs and in leading global teams. Ms. Suyash also serves on the Advisory Committee on Corporate

Insolvency and Liquidation of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India and is an active member of several trade associations, has a keen interest

in the education sector and serves on committees at Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies and Narsee Monjee College, National Institute of

Securities Markets (“NISM”), the Advisory Boards of the Chartered Institute for Securities & Investment and the Aseema Charitable Trust. She is also a

member of the Governing Board of NISM. Over the years, Ms. Suyash has received several awards and has been recognised amongst the Top 50 Women

in business in India and Asia. She has authored several thought leadership articles and is deeply committed to women empowerment, right to education

for all and affordable healthcare.

Ms. Suyash was appointed as an Independent Director of the Bank with effect from 24th January, 2022. She is a member of the Audit Committee and the

Risk Management Committee of the Bank.

Ms. Suyash is on the Board of the following company:

Hindustan Unilever Limited# (Independent Director)

She is a member of the Audit Commitee of Hindustan Uniliver Limited.

Mr. C. Jayaram, Non-Executive Director

(DIN: 00012214)

Mr. C. Jayaram, aged 66 years, B. A. (Economics), PGDM-IIM, Kolkata, is a Non-Executive Director of the Bank. He has varied experience of over 38 years

in many areas of finance and business and was earlier the: Managing Director of Kotak Securities Limited. Mr. Jayaram headed the Wealth Management

business, Alternative Investments business including Private Equity funds and Real Estate funds and international operations for Kotak Group till his

retirement, as Joint Managing Director of the Bank, in April 2016. He was with the Kotak Group for 26 years and was instrumental in building a number of

new businesses for the Kotak Group. Prior to joining the Kotak Group, he was with Overseas Sanmar Financial Limited.

Mr. Jayaram has been a Non-Executive Director of the Bank from 1st May, 2016. Mr. Jayaram is a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee,

Audit Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Special Committee of the Board for Monitoring and Follow-up of Frauds, Corporate Social

Responsibility and Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, ESOP Allotment Committee and Review Committee for Classification and Declaration

of Borrowers as Willful Defaulters of the Bank.

Mr. Jayaram is also on the Board of the following companies:

Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company Limited

(Non-Executive Director)

Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited#

(Non-Executive Shareholder Director)

Multi Commodity Exchange Clearing Corporation Limited

(Non-Executive Shareholder Director)

He is a member of the Audit Committees of Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company Limited and Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited.

Mr. Amit Desai, Non-Executive Director

(DIN: 00310510)

Mr. Amit Desai, aged 63 years, B. Com., LL.B., is a lawyer, with several years of experience.

Mr. Desai was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Bank, with effect from 18th March, 2022.

Mr. Amit Desai is on the Board of the following company:

Kotak Mahindra Trustee Company Limited (Non-Executive Director and

Managing Director of Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance Company Limited from 1st November, 2004 to 30th April, 2010.

Mr. Shah is a member of the ESOP Allotment Committee, Management Committee, Share Transfer and Other Matters Committee, Committee on Derivative

Products and Group Risk Management Committee of the Bank.

Mr. Shah is also on the Board of the following companies:

Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance Company Limited (Non-Executive Director)

Kotak Mahindra General Insurance Company Limited (Non-Executive

Director) (Non-Executive Chairman, with effect from 4th May, 2022)

Kotak Mahindra Asset Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Non-Executive Director) Kotak Investment Advisors Limited (Non-Executive Director)

Kotak Mahindra Inc. (Non-Executive Director)

Kotak Mahindra (UK) Limited (Non-Executive Director)

Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company Limited (Non-Executive Director)

He is a member of the Audit Committee of Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance Company Limited and Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company Limited.

Detailed profiles of the Board of Directors of the Bank are available on the Bank’s website viz., https://www.kotak.com/en/investor-relations/governance.html

Board Diversity5

Keeping in view the significance of having a diverse Board and to harness the unique and individual skills and experiences of its members in such a way

that it collectively benefits the Bank in achieving its mission and objectives, the Board of the Bank has adopted Board Diversity Policy. Emphasis is given to

maintain diversity of thoughts, experience, knowledge, education, skills, perspective, culture, age and gender, while scrutinizing candidature for appointment

of Directors on the Bank’s Board.

The Board Diversity, inter alia, helps in ensuring (i) a balanced Board, with a wide range of attributes of its members; (ii) appropriate blend of functional

and domain expertise on the Board; (iii) adequate representation of women on the Board; (iv) appropriate skills-mix on the Board and (v) adherence to the

legal requirements, including the “Fit and Proper” criteria of the Reserve Bank of India, while appointing Directors on the Board. The Board Diversity Policy

is available on the website of the Bank viz., URL: https://www.kotak.com/en/investor-relations/governance/policies.html

The Board believes that the skills / competencies / expertise, as mentioned in the table below, are required for the business of the Bank and Directors of the Bank

possess these skills / competencies / expertise for it to function effectively, in terms of the BR Act and Circular No. DBR.Appt.BC.No.39/29.39.001/2016-17

dated 24th November, 2016 titled 'Special knowledge or practical experience useful to banking companies' issued by RBI.

The names and categories of the Directors on the Bank’s Board, the number of directorships and Committee positions held by the Directors in other public

limited companies as also the areas of specialisation and expertise of the Directors, as on 31st March, 2022 are, given below:

Name of Director(s)

Category

Special Knowledge / Skills /

Competencies / Expertise

No. of Directorships in

other Companies (excluding

Section 8 Companies)

No. of Committee Positions

held in the Bank and other

Public Companies

Indian Public

Companies

Other Indian

Companies

Chairperson

Member

Mr. Prakash Apte

Independent

Non-Executive Part-time

Chairman

•

Agriculture and Rural Economy

•

Business Management

•

Economics

•

Risk Management

•

Human Resources

2

-

1

2

Mr. Uday Khanna

Independent

Non- Executive Director

•

Business Management

•

Economics

•

Finance

•

Accountancy

•

Law

•

Human Resources

3

1

3

2

5 GRI 102-24, 405-1

Name of Director(s)

Category

Special Knowledge / Skills /

Competencies / Expertise

No. of Directorships in

other Companies (excluding

Section 8 Companies)

No. of Committee Positions

held in the Bank and other

Public Companies

Indian Public

Companies

Other Indian

Companies

Chairperson

Member

Ms. Farida Khambata

Independent

Non- Executive Director

•

Business Management

•

Economics

•

Finance

•

Risk Management

2

-

1

1

Mr. Uday Shankar

Independent

Non- Executive Director

•

Business Management

•

Economics

•

Digital / Media

•

Information Technology

•

Human Resources

-

2

-

-

Dr. Ashok Gulati

Independent

Non- Executive Director

•

Agriculture and Rural Economy

•

Economics

•

Co-operation

•

Banking

•

Insurance

•

Small scale industry

1

-

-

1

Ms. Ashu Suyash

Independent

Non- Executive Director

•

Business Management

•

Finance

•

Accountancy

•

Banking

•

Risk Management

1

-

-

2

Mr. C. Jayaram

Non-Executive Director

•

Business Management

•

Economics

•

Finance

•

Banking

•

Human Resources

3

-

-

4

Mr. Amit Desai

Non-Executive Director

•

Law

1

-

-

-

Mr. Uday Kotak: Managing

Managing Director & CEO. The

Board meets once a quarter to review the financial results and meets once a year for approval of annual budgets, strategy and as required, for such

other matters as required under the applicable laws and for business exigencies. The Board also reviews business strategy, financial reports and their

integrity, risk, compliance, customer protection, financial inclusion and human resources i.e. the ‘Seven Critical Themes’ as prescribed by RBI vide its

Circular No. DBR No.BC.93/29.67.001/2014-15 dated 14th May, 2015. As required and when necessary, additional meetings are held. Dates of the Board

meetings are decided in advance.

The agenda of the Board meetings is prepared by the Company Secretary. The Agenda notes are prepared in consultation with the concerned officials of

the respective divisions / departments and are approved by the: Managing Director & CEO and/or Joint Managing Director.

Every Director is free to suggest the inclusion of matters for meetings of the Board. All divisions/departments in the Bank are encouraged to plan their

functions well in advance, particularly with regard to matters requiring discussion / approval / decision at the Board / Committee meetings. All such matters

are communicated to the Company Secretary in advance so that the same could be included in the Agenda for the Board meetings.

The Agenda and Agenda notes are circulated to the Board by the Company Secretary, in advance.

Additional items on the agenda are permitted with the permission of the Chairperson and with the consent of the Chairperson and the consent of the

majority of the Directors present at the meeting.

The Directors are presented with important information on operations of the Bank as well as that which requires deliberation at the highest level. Information

is provided on various critical items such as annual operating plans and budgets, capital budgets, quarterly results, minutes of meetings of the Committees

of the Board, details of joint ventures and non-compliance, if any, with regulatory or statutory guidelines or with the listing requirements, etc. The Directors

are also kept updated on the changes in the economy and regulatory policies as also media releases by the Bank.

There were no other pecuniary relationships or transactions of the Non-Executive Directors vis-à-vis the Bank (except banking transactions in the ordinary

course of business and on arm’s length basis) during financial year 2021-22.

To address specific urgent needs, meetings are also convened at shorter notice. In case of business exigencies or urgency of matters, resolutions are also

passed by the Board through circulation. Conference calls are arranged to enable the Directors to discuss, in detail, the items to be approved by circulation

and seek clarification as may be required and/or discussed with individual directors, when requested. The Agenda papers for meetings of the Board are

uploaded on a secured web-based portal and can be easily accessed on a tablet device or laptop or computer.

The Bank also provides an option to its Directors to attend the Board / Committee meetings through Audio-Video conferencing facility to enable the

Directors to participate in the proceedings of the meeting electronically, in accordance with the various circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.

The draft minutes of the meetings of the Board are circulated to the Directors, for their comments and confirmation. The minutes of all the meetings of

the Committees of the Board of Directors of the Bank and the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors of the subsidiary companies of the Bank

are also placed before the Board. The minutes of the meetings of the non-Board Committees are placed at meetings of such Board Committees / Board,

as agreed upon by the Board.

The quarterly, half-yearly and the annual financial results for the consolidated entity and for the Bank, are first placed before the Audit Committee of the

Bank for its review and recommendation and, thereafter, are placed before the Board of Directors, for their approval.

Based on the confirmations received from the Heads of Department / Group Presidents, a Compliance Certificate, signed by the Managing Director & CEO

confirming compliance with respect to various laws, rules and regulations, as applicable to the Bank, is placed before the Board, every quarter.

The Bank has put in place a post meeting follow-up, review and reporting process for the action taken on decisions of the Board and its various Board

Committees. The Company Secretary submits follow-up Action Taken Report to the Board and its Committees at each meeting on the compliance of the

decisions / instructions of the Board.

During the year under review, thirteen meetings of the Board of Directors were held on 3rd May, 2021, 29th May, 2021, 24th June, 2021,

29th June, 2021, 26th July, 2021, 10th August, 2021, 30th August, 2021, 14th September, 2021, 18th October, 2021, 26th October, 2021, 10th/11th December, 2021,

28th January, 2022 and 18th/19th March, 2022, at which the requisite quorum was present throughout the meeting. All recommendations made by the

Committees of the Board were duly accepted by the Board.

Meetings and Attendance

The details of attendance of the Directors at Board meetings held during the year commencing 1st April, 2021 and ending 31st March, 2022 and at the last

Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) are, as under:

Name of the Director(s)

Number of Board

meetings held

during FY 2021 – 22

Number of Board

meetings attended

during FY 2021 – 22

Whether attended

last AGM held on

25th August, 2021

Mr. Prakash Apte

13

13

Yes

Mr. Uday Khanna

13

13

Yes

Ms. Farida Khambata

13

11

Yes

Mr. Uday Shankar

13

10

Yes

Dr. Ashok Gulati

13

13

Yes

Ms. Ashu Suyash (with effect from 24th January, 2022)

2

2

Not Applicable

Mr. C. Jayaram

13

12

Yes

Name of the Director(s)

Number of Board

meetings held

during FY 2021 – 22

Number of Board

meetings attended

during FY 2021 – 22

Whether attended

last AGM held on

25th August, 2021

Mr. Amit Desai (with effect from 18th March, 2022)

1

1

Not Applicable

Mr. Uday Kotak

13

13

Yes

Mr. Dipak Gupta

13

13

Yes

Mr. KVS Manian

13

13

Yes

Mr. Gaurang Shah

13

11

Yes

Note:

In view of the prevailing Covid-19 pandemic and relaxations given by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs vide various circulars, most of the Board meetings were held through Video

Conferencing. Further, pursuant to General Circular No. 14/ 2020 dated 8th April, 2020, General Circular No. 17/2020 dated 13th April, 2020, General Circular No. 20/ 2020 dated

5th May, 2020 and General Circular No. 02/2021 dated 13th January, 2021 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the AGM of the Bank was held through Video Conferencing /

Other Audio Visual Means.

Separate meeting of Independent Directors

During the year under review, one meeting of the Independent Directors of the Bank was held on 17th March, 2022. Thereafter, at the meeting of the

Independent Directors held on 24th June, 2022, the Independent Directors evaluated the performance of the Non-Independent Directors, the Board as a

Whole,

Managing Director & CEO, the Joint: Managing Director, the Group President & Group Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary and the

Head-Internal Audit. The Statutory Auditors also attend the meetings of the Audit Committee.

The members of the Audit Committee meet the Statutory Auditors independently at least once a year.

During the year, twelve meetings of the Committee were held on 3rd May, 2021, 28th May, 2021, 24th June, 2021, 28th June, 2021, 26th July, 2021,

28th July, 2021, 27th August, 2021, 26th October, 2021, 29th November, 2021, 7th January, 2022, 28th January, 2022 and 29th March, 2022. The Board has

accepted all the recommendations made by the Audit Committee during the financial year.

The Bank has FTAC as per the guidelines issued by the RBI. The FTAC presently comprises four members viz., Mr. Dipak Gupta (

Managing Director & CEO to this effect is given at the end of this Report.

Familiarisation programme for Independent Directors and Non-Executive Directors15

The Bank believes in familiarizing the Independent Directors and Non-Executive Directors with the nature of the industry in which the Bank operates,

business model and other important matters relating to the Bank’s business through induction programmes at the time of their appointment.

The Directors of the Bank attended the Cyber Security Awareness Session conducted by KPMG Advisory Services Private Limited, covering topics:

viz., i) Around the World and ii) Boards Role in Effective Cyber Strategy and case simulation. Presentations on critical parameters, such as, business strategy,

financial outlook, financial reports and their integrity, risk, compliance, customer protection, ESG, CSR, financial inclusion, Human Resources, Consumer

Banking Business, Wholesale Banking Business were also made to the Directors periodically.

The complete details of the familiarisation programs conducted for the Directors of the Bank are available on the Bank’s website

viz., URL: https://www.kotak.com/en/investor-relations/governance/familiarisation-programme.html

Induction programme for new Directors

Presentations were made to familiarise the new Directors with the nature of the industry in which the Bank operates. Two sessions were conducted covering

areas, such as, Consumer Bank, Commercial Bank, Corporate, Institutional & Investment Banking (CIIB), Wealth, Digital and IT Priorities. The sessions

also covered presentations on the Bank’s Structure / Overview, Financials, Compliance, Risk Management, Human Resources, Treasury and Secretarial

operations and subsidiary businesses of Kotak Securities, Asset Management, Insurance & Pension and Asset Reconstruction.

15 GRI 102-27

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO, Promoter and a Key Managerial Personnel

of the Bank is a Director on the Board of Infina Finance Private Limited (“Infina”). Accordingly, Mr. Uday Kotak and

his relatives may be deemed to be concerned or interested in the resolution contained at Item No. 2. Except as

above, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank or their respective relatives were in any

way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the Ordinary Resolution contained at Item No. 2.

Category

Mode of Voting

No. of shares

held

(1)

No. of votes

polled

(2)

% of Votes Polled

on outstanding

shares

(3)=[(2)/(1)]* 100

No. of Votes – in

favour

(4)

No. of

Votes –

against

(5)

% of Votes in

favour on votes

polled

(6)=[(4)/ (2)]*100

% of Votes against

on votes polled

(7)=[(5)/ (2)]*100

Promoter

and

Promoter

Group

E-Voting

515,564,896

0

0.0000

0

0

0.0000

0.0000

Poll

0

0.0000

0

0

0.0000

0.0000

Postal Ballot

(if applicable)

0

0.0000

0

0

0.0000

0.0000

Total

515,564,896

0

0.0000

0

0

0.0000

0.0000

Public-

Institutions

E-Voting

1,127,606,800

1,064,003,173

94.3594

1,064,003,173

0

100.0000

0.0000

Poll

0

0.0000

0

0

0.0000

0.0000

Postal Ballot

(if applicable)

0

0.0000

0

0

0.0000

0.0000

Total

1,127,606,800

1,064,003,173

94.3594

1,064,003,173

0

100.0000

0.0000

Public- Non

Institutions

E-Voting

340,416,513

144,104,310

42.3318

144,074,520

29,790

99.9793

0.0207

Poll

0

0.0000

0

0

0.0000

0.0000

Postal Ballot

(if applicable)

0

0.0000

0

0

0.0000

0.0000

Total

340,416,513

144,104,310

42.3318

144,074,520

29,790

99.9793

0.0207

Total

1,983,588,209

1,208,107,483

60.9052

1,208,077,693

29,790

99.9975

0.0025

Note: Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23(4) of SEBI Lisiting Regulations, 2,097,035 votes of related parties have not been considered under ‘No. of votes polled’ and

‘No. of votes in favour’.

Resolution No.

3

Resolution required: (Ordinary / Special) ORDINARY - Material Related Party Transaction with Mr. Uday Kotak

Interest

Mr. Uday Kotak is the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO and the

Joint: Managing

letter: letter dated 30th April, 2022

*** Consequent to migration in the rating scale by CRISIL (for standardisation and alignment of rating scale with the SEBI-standardised scale), the aforesaid rating has been

migrated to CRISIL AAA/Stable from FAAA/Stable, vide letter dated 23rd June, 2022. The migration represents only recalibration of the rating from one scale to another and does

not reflect any change in the credit risk profile of the Fixed Deposit programme. It is neither an upgrade nor a downgrade of the Fixed Deposit programme.

$ Consequent to redemption of Infrastructure Bonds, the amount covered under the credit rating has been reduced by CRISIL, to Rs. 838 crore (comprising the existing outstanding

amount of Infrastructure Bonds and the unutilised limit) vide letter dated 23rd June, 2022.

The S&P rating of the Bank for long-term instrument is BBB-/Stable and for short term instrument is A-3/Stable.

There has been no change in the Credit Ratings during the year.

DISCLOSURES

•

During the year, the Bank has not entered into any materially significant transactions with its related parties, which could lead to a potential conflict

of interest16 between the Bank and these parties. The members of the Bank have, vide Postal Ballot notice dated 17th December, 2021, approved

related party transactions by the Bank, as potential “material related party transactions” under the provisions of Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, with Infina Finance Private Limited (Mr. Suresh Kotak, father of Mr. Uday Kotak, Managing

Managing Director & CEO:

Mr. Prakash Apte, a Non-Executive Independent Director, is the Part-time Chairman and Mr. Uday Kotak is the: Managing Director & CEO of the Bank.

5.

Reporting of Internal Auditor:

The Head - Internal Audit reports to the Audit Committee of the Board.

OTHER DISCLOSURES

A.

The Management Discussion & Analysis Report

The Management Discussion & Analysis Report, giving an overview of the industry, the Bank’s business and its financials is provided separately as

a part of this Annual Report.

B.

Means of Communication

The Board of Directors of the Bank approve the unaudited financial results on a quarterly basis within the prescribed timeframe.

The results are promptly forwarded to the Stock Exchanges and published in one English and one Marathi (Regional Language)

newspaper, within 48 hours of the conclusion of the Board meeting. The results and earnings update are posted on the Bank’s website

viz., URL: https://www.kotak.com/en/investor-relations/financial-results.html as well as the press release are posted on the Bank’s website

viz., URL: https://www.kotak.com/en/about-us/media.html simultaneously. The website also displays all official news releases by the Bank from

time to time as also the earnings update and investor presentations. Further, the financial results are sent by email to those members whose email

Ids are registered with the Bank / Depository Participant(s). The Bank also publishes its Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss Account together with

the Auditors’ Report in a newspaper as required in terms of Section 31 of the BR Act and Rule 15 of the Banking Regulation (Companies) Rules, 1949.

Pursuant to the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and keeping in view the relaxations granted by the MCA circulars and circulars of SEBI, the Bank

proposes to send the financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2022, only by electronic mode, to the members whose email address is

registered with the Bank / Depository Participant(s). Those members, whose email address is not registered with the Bank or with their respective

Depository Participant(s), and who wish to receive financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2022, can get their email address registered

by following the steps as detailed in the Notice convening the Annual General Meeting.

The financial results and other information filed by the Bank from time to time are also available on the website of the Stock Exchanges

i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The said Stock Exchanges have introduced NSE Digital exchange, NSE Electronic

Application Processing System (NEAPS) and BSE Listing centre. Various compliances as required / prescribed under the SEBI Listing regulations

are filed through these systems.

For Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

Prakash Apte

Uday Kotak

letter dated 20 May 2022

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of corporate governance by Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited (‘the Bank’) for the year ended on

31 March 2022, as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2), and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’).

Management’s Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of corporate governance is the responsibility of the management. This responsibility includes the designing,

implementing and maintaining operating effectiveness of internal control to ensure compliance with the conditions of corporate governance as

stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, our responsibility is to express a reasonable assurance in the form of an opinion as to whether

the Bank has complied with the conditions of corporate governance as stated in paragraph 2 above. Our responsibility is limited to examining the

procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Bank for ensuring the compliance with the conditions of corporate governance. It is neither

an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Bank.

5.

We have examined the relevant records of the Bank in accordance with the applicable Generally Accepted Auditing Standards in India, the Guidance

Note on Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (‘ICAI’), and Guidance Note on Reports or

Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the ICAI which requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the

ICAI.

6.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits

and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

7.

Based on the procedures performed by us and to the best of our information and according to the explanations provided to us, in our opinion the Bank

has complied, in all material respects, with the conditions of corporate governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations during the year ended

31 March 2022.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Bank nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the Bank.

Restriction on use

8.

This certificate is issued solely for the purpose of complying with the aforesaid Listing Regulations and may not be suitable for any other purpose.

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No. 001076N/N500013

Murad D. Daruwalla

Partner

Membership No.: 043334

Place: Mumbai

Date: 25 June 2022

UDIN: 22043334ALRCXA9848

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of Credit and Bank Guarantees) for last five years is as follows:

71,605

82,015

86,222

80,337

88,933

39,166

42,542

40,531

38,552

43,166

Mar-18

Mar-19

Mar-20

Mar-21

Mar-22

Funded

Non-Funded

Wholesale Banking Advances (` crore)

The Bank follows an integrated Corporate and Investment Banking approach to large conglomerates and corporate groups. Over the years, this strategy

has helped strengthen the position of the Bank with clients and increase the wallet share. The Bank witnessed good growth in its non-credit business

streams with these clients with improved customer service and product innovations.

There has also been greater focus on increasing the liability side of our business, mainly core current account and other non-risk income streams. Assets

under custody grew substantially, given IPO traction and huge PE inflows. Over the years, the Bank has ensured that growth has been achieved in a profitable

manner without compromising the health of the book. Its portfolio is well-diversified and industry, group and company specific exposure limits are reviewed

periodically. The entire portfolio is rated by our internal credit rating tools, which facilitates appropriate credit selection & monitoring. Exposure, over the

years, has been confined to segments with credit comfort in terms of better rated exposure, industries with a positive outlook and where pricing has been

adequate for the risk being underwritten. These practices helped ensure that the overall portfolio continued to show robust characteristics throughout the

year and the Wholesale Bank, this year again witnessed low credit cost, delivering continued improvement in the risk reward ratio. Pricing models such

as Risk Adjusted Return on Capital (RaRoC) measurements are now embedded in the system. Due to these initiatives, focus is high on ensuring the right

risk-return balance and on maximising non-credit income streams. The Bank’s focus on Risk management has helped the business to optimise its Risk

Weighted assets as a percentage of Assets over the past few years. Improvement in productivity helped ensure costs were kept under control.

The Bank has a co-operation agreement with ING Bank globally covering a number of countries which helps the Bank in targeting a greater number of

multinational corporates in India. Dedicated marketing efforts have helped the Bank to make significant inroads into identified corridors such as Singapore,

Hong Kong, Italy, Germany, Switzerland and Austria. The two-way co-operation agreement has also helped the Bank deliver cross border products to its

clients in India. The Bank has also set up a Korea desk to cater to Korean clients in India and has been able to achieve significant success. Replicating

this model, the Bank has now formed a dedicated desk to cater to newer MNCs entering India, offering end-to-end solutions by partnering with various

agencies to co-create a sustainable ecosystem.

The Bank continues its strong momentum in Global Transaction Services (GTS). With its long-term strategy of providing an integrated portal across all its

product suites, the Bank continued its focus on innovation, digitisation, structured solutions and fee income.

The Bank endeavours to provide its clients with a comprehensive product-suite to help their businesses grow in a sustainable and holistic manner. The

Bank was also agile in implementing digital signatures and other online platform solutions for execution of customer documentation. During the year, the

Cash Management Portal was upgraded, the online trade portal went live, and digital on-boarding of custody end clients was launched. The Bank launched

Kotak FYN, its new enterprise portal exclusively for Business Banking and Corporate clients. Kotak FYN aims to provide customers with a seamless

experience and a unified view across all product platforms. The portal enables paperless transactions and the facility to track transactions end-to-end.

The Bank also continued on its journey towards providing a unified portal for all of its transaction banking customers by investing in new technologies

and upgrading its processing engines.

In summary, a good growth in Assets and Fee Incomes, favourable risk-return metrics through the year, strong liability incomes and controlled credit costs

have helped the Wholesale Bank grow its profitability and maintain a healthy After Tax Return on Equity (ATROE) despite the challenges faced during the year.

The Bank continues to focus on strengthening its organisation platform and placing the Corporate Bank in a strong position in the market.

Private Banking

The Bank’s private banking arm, caters to a number of distinguished Indian families and is one of the oldest and the most respected Indian wealth

management firms, managing wealth over half of India’s top 100 families (Source: Forbes India Rich List 2021), with clients range from entrepreneurs to

business families and professionals.

It provides an open architecture proposition to its customers, offering a plethora of wealth products. This business has a strong distribution capability

for private clients through distribution/referral model across equities, fixed income & alternates catering to Ultra HNI and HNI (High Networth Individual)

investors. In addition to comprehensive financial solutions, the division provides a strategic consolidated view on the client’s overall portfolio, in addition to

comprehensive financial solutions that go beyond investments. These also include banking and credit, consolidated reporting, referral for estate planning

services etc. With an in-depth understanding of client requirements and expertise across various asset classes, this business offers the widest range of

financial solutions.

In addition, the Bank has also built a large Priority Banking business, assisting mass affluent customers with products and solutions developed to meet

their financial requirements. The total relationship value of Private Banking, Priority Banking and Investment Advisory offerings is ~ ` 641,000 crore (as of

31st March, 2022). It has added ~700 new families in 2022.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated 19th April, 2021, approved the transfer of 46.7% of equity shareholding of the Company held by KMAMC whereby the

Bank will become co-sponsor of KMPFL with 51% shareholding along with KMAMC with 49% shareholding.

Further, in response to Request for Proposal (RFP) dated 23rd December, 2020 issued by Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA),

a proposal was submitted by KMBL and KMAMC as co-sponsors on 20th January, 2021 for managing NPS Corpus through existing Pension Fund

Company –KMPFL. PFRDA has approved the sponsors vide: letter of appointment dated 19th May, 2021 and issued a Certificate of registration no. PFRDA/

PF/2021/006 dated 1st June, 2021 which shall remain valid unless suspended or cancelled by the Authority. Under the terms of the RFP, the revised

Investment Management Fees as applicable w.e.f. 1st June, 2021 is as follows (prior it was charged at 0.01% p.a for Tier I and Tier II schemes and 0.0102%

p.a. for NPS Lite Scheme – Govt Pattern);

Slabs of AUM (` in crore)

Investment Management Fees

Upto 10,000 crore

0.09%

10,001-50,000 crore

0.06%

50,001- 150,000 crore

0.05%

Above 1,50,000 crore

0.03%

There has been an increase in revenue from operation to ` 1.48 crore in FY 2021-22 as compared to ` 0.13 crore in FY 2020-21 primarily on account of

increase in rate of Management fees from 0.01% to 0.09%. The overall costs increased to ` 4.93 crore in FY 2021-22 against ` 3.36 crore in FY 2020-21.

Hence, there is a loss of ` 1.54 crore in FY 2021-22 as compared to PBT of ` 0.45 crore in FY 2020-21.

Kotak Investment Advisors Limited (KIAL)

KIAL, a leading alternate assets manager, is in the business of managing and advising funds across the following asset classes namely (a) Special Situations

and Credit (b) Real Estate (c) Infrastructure (d) Listed Strategies (e) Private Equity and (f) Investment Advisory. It is amongst select alternate asset managers

in India to be present across these six asset classes and managing large number of active funds in these asset classes. During the year, KIAL has also

started the Investment Distribution services through Cherry platform.

Financial Highlights

(` in crore)

Particulars

FY 2021-22

FY 2020-21

Total Income

243.96

140.84

PBT

79.42

50.50

PAT

58.65

40.03

AUM

20,079

17,906

During the year, KIAL has received new capital commitments of around ` 2,940 crore. The aggregate alternate assets managed / advised (including undrawn

commitments, wherever applicable) by KIAL as on 31st March, 2021 were ` 20,079 crore. It managed 19 domestic funds, advised 1 domestic fund and 6

offshore funds during the year.

Of the new capital commitments received during the year, the Kotak Pre-IPO Opportunities Fund completed its first and final close with commitments

of ~ ` 2,000 crore. The Kotak Pre-IPO Opportunities Fund will target high-quality companies across sectors, especially with a strong technology focus,

robust unit economics, scalable business models and exit visibility. The focus will be on technology oriented companies including technology-enabled

companies in traditional industries. KIAL also raised further commitments in AIFs under the Optimus brand to garner ` 940 crore. KIAL also continues to

actively deploy capital in the Indian special situations, credit and distressed space through Kotak Special Situations Fund (KSSF) and in the Indian real estate

space through its existing real estate funds/mandates. KSSF has committed around 90% of the USD billion dollar corpus across real estate, chemicals,

technology, cement, data center, roads and pharmaceuticals space

KIAL also has Investment Advisory business for Private Clients with ` 63,005 crore assets under Advice as on 31st March, 2022.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter and

spirit. This also helps exchange of views on best practices and to understand compliance risk across the group. Guidance or directions are extended

to the subsidiary companies Compliance Officers, keeping in the mind the overall responsibility of the Bank as the Holding Company. The Compliance

Function is responsible for all aspects of regulatory compliance across the Bank. Compliance is given utmost importance with the tone from the Top

and Senior Management of the Bank and subsidiaries are directly monitoring the same.

The compliance framework, approved by the Board, broadly sets out the compliance risk management processes and tools to be used by businesses,

management and Compliance Officers for managing its compliance risks. Apart from the Bank’s compliance framework, the Bank and all the

subsidiaries have their own operating procedures. The Compliance team supports top management and manages and supervises the compliance

framework along with providing compliance assistance to various businesses/support functions. The Bank has a Board approved New Products/

defined and tracked to monitor trends of certain key operational risk parameters. Internal audit and Internal Control teams provide oversight and

assurance that activities are conducted as per laid down guidelines.

The Bank has an internal framework for reporting and capturing operational risk incidents. Significant incidents reported are investigated to assess

weaknesses in controls and identify areas for improvement. The Bank has a Whistle blower policy and platform, which is open to employees and

vendors for raising their concerns, with full confidentiality, on any fraud, malpractice or any other untoward activity or event. Disaster recovery and

Business Continuity Plans (BCP) have been established for significant businesses to ensure continuity of operations and minimal disruption to

customer services. These plans are periodically tested and reviewed to ensure their effectiveness.

Risk transfer via insurance is a key strategy to mitigate operational risk exposure at the Bank. The Operational Risk team helps to review and provide

inputs on key insurance coverage basis trends and triggers emerging from unusual events or changes in risk profile basis introduction of new products

or developments in the external environment.

L.

Technology Risks

The Bank has committed significant resources to manage technology risk. A layered technology architecture is implemented to manage risks due

to system failures, cyber-attacks etc. Disaster recovery and Business Continuity Plans (BCP) have been established and various functional and

technology initiatives have been taken to enhance system resiliency.

End of Life/out of support systems pose operational and security risks such as vendor support, patch, bug fixes etc. The Bank has a process for

planned upgrades of out of support systems.

Effective access control mechanism is a key technology control to prevent unauthorised access. The access to business applications is provisioned

by an independent team. The access is provided based on the roles and segregation of duties. Technology and Operational controls are implemented

to manage privileged access to systems.

Cyber threats and the associated risks in the external environment have increased and the Bank works continuously to improve processes and

controls to mitigate these risks. Cyber resilience framework is established to mitigate the threats such as data breaches, malware, denial-of-service

attacks etc.

New digital product offerings are thoroughly assessed for cyber risks prior to roll out and on an ongoing basis.

During the year cyber drills were conducted to assess the effectiveness of the prevention, detection and response controls. Bank has enhanced its

security monitoring and incident response capability by implementing advanced solution with extensive AI/ML functionality.

Thematic assessments were conducted for IMPS and API management systems. Several initatives were taken to enhance the security posture such

as 2 factor authentication for critical systems, secure remote access etc.

The Bank constantly monitors the technology risk environment, emerging regulatory requirements and mitigation strategies.

Ongoing audits/tests are conducted to assess the robustness of its technology controls and minimize the impact of incidents.

N.

Reputation Risk

Trust is the foundation for the banking industry and is critical to building a strong customer franchise. Reputation risk is the risk of current or

prospective loss arising from stakeholder’s adverse experience while dealing with the institution, which results in an adverse perception / loss of

Trust in the institution. Reputation Risk most often results from the poor management of other risks and can arise from a variety of sources including

direct sources like poor financial performance, poor governance and indirect sources like increased operational risk or control failures. Reputation

is critical to achieving Group Objectives and targets and damage to it can have negative effects on its business. Managing reputation is a priority

area for the Group and there is Zero tolerance for knowingly engaging in any activities that are not consistent with its values, Code of Conduct or

policies and have the potential for unacceptable regulatory or reputational risk. The Group ERM policy lays down the framework to ensure reputation

is managed effectively and consistently across the Group. This is supplemented by business procedures for identifying and escalating transactions

that could pose material reputation risk, to senior management. Each employee has the responsibility to consider the impact on reputation of the

Group, when engaging in any activity. The framework seeks to proactively identify and avoid areas that may result in potential damage to reputation

and guidelines for managing crisis situations, if a reputation risk incident has occurred. The reputation risk management process is integrated with

the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process. While reputation risk can be difficult to quantify, the Bank has adopted a scorecard approach,

based on expert judgment, to assess various reputation risk drivers and the overall level of reputation risk.

O.

Conduct Risk

Conduct risk means any action that would cause harm to consumer protection, market integrity or competition. The Bank has identified conduct

risk arising out of: Manipulation of financial benchmarks / markets, Mis-selling, Fair dealing with customers & Compliance with laws of the land.

Minimising conduct risk is critical to achieving long term business goals and meeting regulatory standards. The Bank has processes for managing

conduct risk and policies that guide staff in dealing with prevention of conflict of interest, employee conduct and dealing with proprietary and

confidential information, so that they conduct themselves ethically and in compliance with the law. Product approval, product review processes,

Suitability and appropriateness policies, are some of the measures embedded in the Bank’s framework to mitigate conduct risk. Conduct Risk is

managed by maintaining a positive and dynamic culture that emphasizes acting with integrity. Respective policies ensure that business decisions

are guided by standards that take into account right conduct apart from commercial considerations. Conduct risk management is incorporated into

HR practices, including recruiting, training, performance assessment, promotion and compensation processes. The group places zero tolerance on

instances of professional or personal misconduct. Conduct risk is assessed in the ICAAP through a scorecard that considers the various drivers of

conduct risk.

During the year, in the context of continuing impact of COVID-19, the Bank maintained its focus on customers and culture. The Bank implemented

measures to support customers and ensure continuity of service. The Bank supported its employees in these unprecedented conditions, adapting

its controls and risk management processes in view of the significant levels of remote working throughout the year.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of the bank. The Audit team and the Compliance team undergo regular training both in-house and external

to build the required subject matter expertise across domains of business, risks, technology and regulations. The Audit Committee of the Board

reviews the effectiveness of controls, compliance with regulatory guidelines as also the performance of the Audit and Compliance functions in the

Bank and provides guidance and direction that may be required.

Human Resources

As on 31st March, 2022, the full time employee strength of the Group was over 90,000. The standalone Bank had over 66,000 full time employees as

on 31st March, 2022.

In the FY 2021-22, there was increased focus on process automation, employee wellness, engagement and development. With its undeterred efforts

and exceptional employee initiatives, the bank has been certified as a ‘Great Place to Work’ again by the GPTW institute. Key areas where several

employee initiatives were introduced and re-engineered are as follows:

A.

Employee Health & Wellness:

Bank has championed Health and Wellness drives with the initiative, #HumFitKotakHit. It has addressed a holistic welfare of Kotakites, including

Physical, Social, Financial and Emotional welfare.

•

Various health and wellness related initiatives were launched through online and onsite interactions such as Employee Outreach program,

Covid test reimbursements for Kotakites and their families, Special Leave - COVID-19 positive and online wellness initiatives such as

yoga, meditation, Zumba, quiz sessions, etc.

•

Offering fitness allowance through the ‘Health to the Power Infinity’ programme (#HumFitKotakHit), thereby creating a culture of fitness

for Kotakites by encouraging them to update their fitness goals online, driving focus on their health and wellbeing.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Firm Registration No. 001076N/N500013

Chief Executive Officer

Murad D. Daruwalla

Dipak Gupta

Uday Khanna

Partner

Joint: Managing Director

Director

Membership No. 043334

For Price Waterhouse LLP

Jaimin Bhatt

Avan Doomasia

Chartered Accountants

President and

Senior Executive Vice President and

Firm Registration No. 301112E/E300264

Group Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Russell I Parera

Partner

Membership No. 042190

Mumbai

4th May, 2022

(` in thousands)

Schedule

Year ended

31st March, 2022

Year ended

31st March, 2021

I.

INCOME

Interest Earned

13

270,388,194

268,402,677

Other Income

14

63,543,537

50,065,125

Total

333,931,731

318,467,802

II.

EXPENDITURE

Interest Expended

15

102,209,122

115,006,207

Operating Expenses

16

111,213,885

85,841,380

Provisions and Contingencies (Refer Note 10 -Schedule 18 B)

34,781,822

47,971,849

Total

248,204,829

248,819,436

III.

PROFIT

Net Profit for the year (I - II)

85,726,902

69,648,366

Add: Balance in Profit and Loss Account brought forward from previous year

247,497,758

205,118,088

Total

333,224,660

274,766,454

IV.

APPROPRIATIONS

Transfer to Statutory Reserve

21,431,800

17,412,100

Transfer to Capital Reserve

94,700

145,000

Transfer to Special Reserve u/s 36(1)(viii) of Income Tax Act, 1961

950,000

1,100,000

Transfer to Investment Reserve Account (Refer Note 32 - Schedule 18 A)

-

-

Transfer to Investment Fluctuation Reserve Account

4,000,000

8,206,596

Transfer to Fraud Provision

-

-

Dividend

2,189,625

405,000

Balance carried over to Balance Sheet

304,558,535

247,497,758

Total

333,224,660

274,766,454

V.

EARNINGS PER SHARE (Face value of ` 5/-)

Basic

43.02

35.17

Diluted

43.01

35.14

(Refer Note 1 - Schedule 18 B)

Significant accounting policies and notes to accounts forming part of financial

statements

17 & 18

The schedules referred to above form an integral part of this Profit and Loss Account.

The Profit and Loss Account has been prepared in conformity with Form ‘B’ of the Third Schedule to the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

Profit and Loss Account

for the year ended 31st March, 2022

As per our report of even date attached.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Prakash Apte

Uday Kotak

Chartered Accountants

Managing Director and

Firm Registration No. 001076N/N500013

Chief Executive Officer

Murad D. Daruwalla

Dipak Gupta

Uday Khanna

Partner

Joint: Managing

letter of credit which is recognised

over the period of the guarantee /: letter of credit. Syndication / arranger fee is recognised as income as per the terms of engagement.

Upon an asset becoming NPA the income accrued gets reversed, and is recognised only on realisation, as per RBI guidelines.

Penal interest is recognised as income on realisation other than on running accounts where it is recognised when due.

Dividend income is accounted on an accrual basis when the Bank’s right to receive the dividend is established.

Gain on account of securitisation of assets is amortised over the life of the securities issued in accordance with the guidelines issued by the RBI.

Loss on account of securitisation of assets is recognised immediately in Profit and Loss account.

In respect of non-performing assets acquired from other Banks / FIs and NBFCs, collections in excess of the consideration paid at each asset level

or portfolio level is treated as income in accordance with RBI guidelines and clarifications.

Fees received on sale of Priority Sector Lending Certificates is considered as Miscellaneous Income, while fees paid for purchase is recognised as

expense under other expenses in accordance with the guidelines issued by the RBI.

9

Employee benefits

Defined Contribution Plan

Provident Fund

Contribution as required by the statute made to the government provident fund or to a fund set up by the Bank and administered by a board of trustees

is debited to the Profit and Loss Account when an employee renders the related service. The Bank has no further obligations.

Superannuation Fund

The Bank makes contributions in respect of eligible employees, subject to a maximum of `0.01 crore per employee per annum to a Fund administered

by trustees and managed by Life Insurance Companies. The Bank recognises such contributions as an expense in the year when an employee renders

the related service. The Bank has no further obligations.

New Pension Scheme

The Bank contributes up to 10% of eligible employees’ salary per annum, to the New Pension Fund administered by a Pension Fund Regulatory and

Development Authority (PFRDA) appointed pension fund manager. The Bank recognises such contributions as an expense in the year when an

employee renders the related service.

DIFC Employee Workplace Savings Scheme (DEWS)

The Bank’s branch in Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) contributes up to 8.33% of eligible branch employees’ salary per annum to the DIFC

Employee Workplace Savings Scheme (DEWS). The Bank recognises such contributions as an expense in the year when an employee renders the

related service. The Bank has no further obligation.

Defined Benefit Plan

Gratuity

The Bank provides for Gratuity, covering employees in accordance with the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972, service regulations and service awards

as the case may be. The Bank’s liability is actuarially determined (using Projected Unit Credit Method) at the Balance Sheet date. The Bank makes

contribution to Gratuity Funds administered by trustees and managed by Life Insurance Companies.

Pension Scheme

In respect of pension payable to certain erstwhile ING Vysya Bank Limited (“eIVBL”) employees under Indian Banks’ Association (“IBA”) structure,

the Bank contributes 10% of basic salary to a pension fund and the difference between the contribution and the amount actuarially determined by

an independent actuary is trued up based on actuarial valuation conducted as at the Balance Sheet date. The Pension Fund is administered by the

Board of Trustees and managed by Life Insurance Company. The present value of the Bank’s defined pension obligation is determined using the

Projected Unit Credit Method as at the Balance Sheet date.

Employees covered by the pension plan are not eligible for employer’s contribution under the provident fund plan.

The contribution made to the Pension fund is recognised as planned assets. The defined benefit obligation recognised in the Balance Sheet represents

the present value of the defined benefit obligation as reduced by the fair value of the plan assets.

Actuarial gains or losses in respect of all defined benefit plans are recognised immediately in the Profit and Loss Account in the year in which they

are incurred.

Compensated Absences – Other Long-Term Employee Benefits

The Bank accrues the liability for compensated absences based on the actuarial valuation as at the Balance Sheet date conducted by an independent

actuary which includes assumptions about demographics, early retirement, salary increases, interest rates and leave utilisation. The net present value

of the Banks’ obligation is determined using the Projected Unit Credit Method as at the Balance Sheet date. Actuarial gains / losses are recognised

in the Profit and Loss Account in the year in which they arise.

Other Employee Benefits

As per the Bank’s policy, employees are eligible for an award after completion of a specified number of years of service with the Bank. The obligation

is measured at the Balance Sheet date on the basis of an actuarial valuation using the Projected Unit Credit Method.

The undiscounted amount of short-term employee benefits expected to be paid in exchange for the services rendered by employees is recognised

during the period when the employee renders the service. These benefits include performance incentives.

Employee share based payments

Equity-settled scheme:

The Employee Stock Option Schemes (ESOSs) of the Bank are in accordance with SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)

Regulations, 2021. The schemes provide for grant of options to employees of the Group to acquire the equity shares of the Bank that vest in cliff

vesting or in a graded manner and that are to be exercised within a specified period.

RBI, vide its clarification dated 30th August, 2021 on Guidelines on Compensation of Whole Time

Letter of Credit, Bank guarantee or Standby: Letter of Credit or Fixed Deposits

are exempted from the above requirements. Exposures on other Banks and Public Financial Institutions like SIDBI, EXIM Bank, NABARD, NHB

are also exempted from the above requirements.

h)

Management of foreign exchange risk is considered as a parameter for internal risk rating of borrowers.

Provision held for currency induced credit risk as at 31st March, 2022 is ` 73.94 crore. (Previous year ` 54.48 crore). Incremental Risk weighted

Assets value considered for the purpose of CRAR calculation in respect of currency induced credit risk as at 31st March, 2022 is ` 1,897.25

crore (Previous year ` 2,113.26 crore)

39. a)

Liquidity Coverage Ratio

(` in crore)

Particulars

Average Q4 2021-2022

Average Q3 2021-2022

Average Q2 2021-2022

Average Q1 2021-2022

Total

Unweighted

Value

(average)

Total

Weighted

Value

(average)

Total

Unweighted

Value

(average)

Total

Weighted

Value

(average)

Total

Unweighted

Value

(average)

Total

Weighted

Value

(average)

Total

Unweighted

Value

(average)

Total

Weighted

Value

(average)

High Quality Liquid Assets

1

Total High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA)

86,081

97,786

95,031

89,062

Cash Outflows

2

Retail deposits and deposits from small business customers, of which:

(i)

Stable deposits

27,937

1,397

27,142

1,357

27,434

1,372

60,382

3,019

(ii)

Less stable deposits

1,61,261

16,126

1,59,257

15,926

1,54,750

15,475

1,17,101

11,710

3

Unsecured wholesale funding, of which

(i)

Operational deposits (all counterparties)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(ii)

Non-operational deposits (all counterparties)

92,215

53,352

99,715

60,123

95,989

57,616

87,643

50,285

(iii)

Unsecured debt

1,215

1,215

577

577

575

575

1,177

1,177

4

Secured wholesale funding

-

-

1

1

5

Additional requirements, of which

(i)

Outflows related to derivative exposures and other collateral

requirements

19,047

19,047

21,770

21,770

18,679

18,679

18,531

18,531

(ii)

Outflows related to loss of funding on debt products

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(iii)

Credit and liquidity facilities

2,683

226

2,145

197

1,682

158

1,732

168

6

Other contractual funding obligations

5,749

5,749

5,742

5,742

4,675

4,675

4,350

4,350

7

Other contingent funding obligations

1,43,693

6,378

1,31,573

5,765

1,24,178

5,452

1,17,589

5,158

8

Total Cash Outflows

1,03,490

1,11,457

1,04,003

94,399

Cash Inflows

9

Secured lending (e.g. reverse repos)

17,943

-

21,784

-

23,338

-

16,568

-

10

Inflows from fully performing exposures

40,925

33,489

48,580

41,510

47,269

41,082

45,939

40,149

11

Other cash inflows

1,806

902

2,053

1,026

1,661

831

2,126

1,063

12

Total Cash Inflows

34,391

42,536

41,913

41,212

Total

Adjusted

Value

Total

Adjusted

Value

Total

Adjusted

Value

Total

Adjusted

Value

13

TOTAL HQLA

86,081

97,786

95,031

89,062

14

Total Net Cash Outflows

69,099

68,921

62,090

53,187

15

Liquidity Coverage Ratio (%)

124.58%

141.88%

153.05%

167.45%

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director (‘JMD’) comprises

representatives from Finance, Risk, Information Technology and Treasury. The Committee closely reviews progress of Ind AS implementation

in the Bank and provides guidance on critical aspects of the implementation.

II.

The Bank has identified changes required to its IT systems for automation of Ind AS reporting. The Bank has identified an IT solution for Ind

AS reporting and is currently in the process of implementing the solution.

45. Disclosure on amortisation of expenditure on account of enhancement in family pension of employees of banks

Pursuant to the revision in family pension payable to employees of the Bank covered under 11th Bi-Partite settlement and Joint Note dated

11th November, 2020, the Bank has recognised the entire additional liability of ` 115.15 crore in the Profit and Loss Account during the year ended

31st March, 2022. There is no unamortised expenditure in the Balance Sheet on account of Family Pension.

B.

OTHER DISCLOSURES:

1.

Earnings per Equity Share:

(` in crore)

Particulars

Year Ended

31st March, 2022

31st March, 2021

Reconciliation between weighted shares used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per

share

Weighted average number of equity shares used in computation of basic earnings per share

1,983,099,747

1,969,046,454

Effect of potential equity shares for stock options outstanding

8,52,749

1,391,770

Weighted average number of equity shares used in computation of diluted earnings per share

1,983,952,496

1,970,438,224

Following is the reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per share

Nominal value per share

5.00

5.00

Basic earnings per share

43.02

35.17

Effect of potential equity shares for stock options

0.01

0.03

Diluted earnings per share

43.01

35.14

Profit for the year after tax (₹ in crore)

8,572.69

6,964.84

Less : Preference dividend including tax (₹ in crore)

40.50

40.50

Earnings used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share (₹ in crore)

8,532.19

6,924.34

2.

Segment Reporting:

The Summary of the operating segments of the Bank for the year ended 31st March, 2022 are as given below:

(` in crore)

Sr.

No.

Particulars

31st March, 2022

31st March, 2021

1.

Segment Revenue

a. Treasury, BMU and Corporate Centre

8,479.37

9,095.89

b. Corporate / Wholesale Banking

13,583.44

12,947.06

c. Retail Banking

15,262.93

13,815.48

d. Other Banking business

-

-

Sub-total

37,325.74

35,858.43

Less : Inter-segmental revenue

3,932.57

4,011.64

Total

33,393.17

31,846.79

2.

Segment Results

a. Treasury, BMU and Corporate Centre

4,135.64

3,026.72

b. Corporate / Wholesale Banking

6,379.46

5,698.86

c. Retail Banking

846.21

577.41

d. Other Banking business

-

-

Sub-total

11,361.31

9,302.99

Total Profit Before Tax

11,361.31

9,302.99

Provision for Tax

2,788.62

2,338.15

Total Profit After Tax

8,572.69

6,964.84

(` in crore)

Sr.

No.

Particulars

31st March, 2022

31st March, 2021

3.

Segment Assets

a. Treasury, BMU and Corporate Centre

136,339.52

145,793.98

b. Corporate / Wholesale Banking

188,132.89

162,450.23

c. Retail Banking

269,857.05

240,488.37

d. Other Banking business

-

-

Sub-total

594,329.46

548,732.58

Less : Inter-segmental Assets

165,312.01

165,778.54

Total

429,017.45

382,954.04

Add : Unallocated Assets

410.95

516.12

Total Assets as per Balance Sheet

429,428.40

383,470.16

4.

Segment Liabilities

a. Treasury, BMU and Corporate Centre

98,943.19

113,306.32

b. Corporate / Wholesale Banking

169,595.03

145,580.04

c. Retail Banking

253,410.95

226,362.26

d. Other Banking business

-

-

Sub-total

521,949.17

485,248.62

Less : Inter-segmental Liabilities

165,312.01

165,778.54

Total

356,637.16

319,470.08

Add : Unallocated liabilities

334.77

273.11

Add : Share Capital & Reserves & surplus

72,456.47

63,726.97

Total Capital & Liabilities as per Balance Sheet

429,428.40

383,470.16

5.

Capital Expenditure

a. Treasury, BMU and Corporate Centre

67.80

52.04

b. Corporate / Wholesale Banking

37.23

22.07

c.

Retail Banking

392.15

217.11

d. Other Banking business

-

-

Total

497.18

291.22

6.

Depreciation / Amortisation

a. Treasury, BMU and Corporate Centre

81.30

85.42

b. Corporate / Wholesale Banking

28.39

27.40

c. Retail Banking

271.30

253.95

d. Other Banking business

-

-

Total

380.99

366.77

Segmental Information is provided as per the MIS available for internal reporting purposes, which includes certain estimates and assumptions.

3.

Lease Disclosures:

a.

The Bank has taken various premises and equipment under operating lease. The lease payments recognised in the Profit and Loss Account

are ` 599.68 crore (previous year ` 562.07 crore). The sub-lease income recognised in the Profit and Loss Account is ` 8.61 crore (previous

year ` 7.45 crore).

b.

The future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating lease – not later than one year is ` 502.95 crore (previous year ` 495.16

crore), later than one year but not later than five years is ` 1,452.28 crore (previous year ` 1,486.50 crore) and later than five years ` 752.95

crore (previous year ` 892.30 crore).

The lease terms include renewal option after expiry of primary lease period. There are no restrictions imposed by lease arrangements. There

are escalation clauses in the lease agreements.

4.

Deferred Taxes:

“Others” in Other Assets (Schedule 11 (VI)) includes deferred tax asset (net) of ` 410.95 crore (previous year ` 516.12 crore). The components of the

same are as follows:

(` in crore)

Particulars of Asset/ (Liability)

Year Ended

31st March, 2022

31st March, 2021

Provision for NPA and General provisions

446.68

533.36

Expenditure allowed on payment basis

125.76

117.06

Depreciation

25.90

29.18

Deduction u/s. 36(1)(viii) of the Income Tax Act, 1961

(187.39)

(163.48)

Net Deferred Tax Asset

410.95

516.12

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Mr. Dipak Gupta - Joint: Managing

Managing Director and

Firm Registration No. 001076N/N500013

Chief Executive Officer

Murad D. Daruwalla

Dipak Gupta

Uday Khanna

Partner

Joint: Managing

Managing Director)

10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:

Subject for Review

Indicate whether review was undertaken by Director /

Committee of the Board/Any other Committee

Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/

Any other – please specify)

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

Performance against above policies and

follow up action

Yes, annually

Compliance with statutory requirements of

relevance to the principles, and rectification

of any non-compliances

Yes.

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

11. Has the entity carried out independent assessment/ evaluation

of the working of its policies by an external agency? (Yes/No). If

yes, provide name of the agency.

No

Change

Financial Highlights

Consolidated Financial Statements

Bank Reports and Statements

352

353

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

