letter dated 2nd May 2022, we hereby inform you that the 32nd Annual

General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company will be held on Thursday, 28th July 2022 at

3.30 p.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing/Other Audio-Visual Means.

In continuation to the aforesaid: letter and in compliance with Regulations 30, 34, 53 and

other applicable provisions of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the following:

1) Notice of the 32nd AGM of the Company (including e-voting instructions). The brief details

of the agenda items proposed to be transacted at the 32nd AGM are given in

Annexure I”.

2) Integrated Annual Report for the Financial Year 2021-22.

The Notice of 32nd AGM and the Integrated Annual Report for the Financial Year 2021-22 can

also be accessed or downloaded from the weblink given below:

https://mahindrafinance.com/investor-zone/financial-information/

The aforesaid documents are being dispatched electronically to those Members whose

E-mail IDs are registered with the Company/ Registrar and Transfer Agent viz. KFin

Technologies Limited or the Depository Participant(s).

letter to the Scrutinizer

at the E-mail ID: scrutinizer@snaco.net with a copy

marked to evoting@kfintech.com and to the Company at

investorhelpline_mmfsl@mahindra.com, authorizing its

representative(s) to attend and vote through VC/ OAVM

on their behalf at the Meeting, pursuant to Section 113 of

the Act.

6.

Members of the Company under the category of Institutional

Shareholders are encouraged to attend and participate in

the AGM through VC/ OAVM and vote thereat.

7.

ELECTRONIC DISPATCH OF NOTICE AND INTEGRATED

ANNUAL REPORT

The Integrated Annual Report for FY 2022 and the

Notice of the AGM of the Company is being sent only

through electronic mode to those Members whose E-mail

2:

letter mentioning your name, folio

number, complete address and following details

relating to bank account in which the dividend is to

be received:

i.

Name, Branch address of the Bank and Bank

Account type (e.g. savings, current, etc.)

ii.

Bank Account Number

iii.

11 digit IFSC Code.

b.

Original cancelled cheque bearing the name of the

Member or first holder, in case shares are held jointly;

c.

Self-attested photocopy of the PAN Card; and

d.

Self-attested photocopy of any document (such as

Driving License, Election Identity Card, Passport) in

support of the address of the Member as registered

with the Company.

3:

letter mentioning the name, address,

Folio No., E-mail address and mobile number of the

Member, self-attested scanned copy of the PAN Card

and self-attested scanned copy of any document (such as

Driving License, Election Identity Card, Passport, etc.) in

support of the address of the Member.

II.

To facilitate the Members to receive this Notice

electronically and cast their vote electronically,

the Company has made special arrangements

with KFintech for temporary registration of

E-mail addresses of the Members in terms of the

MCA Circulars.

The process for registration of E-mail address with

KFintech for receiving the Notice of AGM, Annual

Report, etc. is as under:

a.

Visit the link: https://ris.kfintech.com/

clientservices/mobilereg/mobileemailreg.aspx

b.

Select the Company name viz. Mahindra &

Mahindra Financial Services Limited.

c.

Enter the DP ID & Client ID/Physical Folio

Number and PAN details. In the event the PAN

details are not available on record for Physical

Folio, Member shall enter one of the Share

Certificate numbers.

9:

Managing Director & CEO of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (“M&M”). Dr. Shah joined

Mahindra Group in 2014, as Group President (Strategy), and worked closely with all businesses on key

strategic initiatives, built capabilities such as digitization & data sciences and enabled synergies across group

companies. In 2019, he was appointed Deputy: Managing Director and Group CFO, with responsibility for the

Group Corporate Office and full oversight of all businesses other than the Auto and Farm sectors, as a part

of the transition plan to the CEO role.

Dr. Shah was President and CEO of GE Capital India from 2009-2014, where he led the transformation of

the business, including a turnaround of its SBI Card joint venture. His career at GE spanned 14 years, during

which he held several leadership positions at GE Capital’s US and global units. As Director, Global Mortgage,

he worked across 33 countries to drive growth and manage risk. As Senior Vice President (Marketing and

Product Development) at GE Mortgage Insurance, he led various growth initiatives and played a key role in

preparing the business for an IPO, as a spinoff from GE. In his initial years with GE, Dr. Shah also led Strategy,

eCommerce and Sales Force Effectiveness and had the unique experience of running a dot- com business

within GE. Dr. Anish Shah also received GE’s prestigious Lewis Latimer Award for outstanding utilization of Six

Sigma in developing a “Digital Cockpit.”

Dr. Shah has diverse experience with global businesses beyond GE. He led Bank of America's US Debit

Products business, where he launched an innovative rewards program, led numerous initiatives in payment

technology and worked closely with various teams across the Bank to enhance value for the customer. As a

strategy consultant at Bain & Company in Boston, he worked across multiple industries, including banking, oil

rigs, paper, paint, steam boilers and medical equipment. His first role was with Citibank in Mumbai, where he

issued bank guarantees and letters of credit as Assistant Manager, Trade Services.

Dr. Shah holds a Ph.D. from Carnegie Mellon’s Tepper School of Business where his doctoral thesis was in

the field of Corporate Governance. He also received a Masters degree from Carnegie Mellon and has a post-

graduate diploma in Management from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. He has received

various scholarships, including the William Latimer Mellon Scholarship, Industry Scholarship at IIMA, National

Talent Search and Sir Dorabji Tata Trust.

Terms and conditions of re-

appointment

Liable to retire by rotation

Shareholding in the Company as

on 31st March, 2022 (including

shareholding as a beneficial owner)

Nil

Relationship with other

Directors and Key

Managerial Personnel

Not related to any Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

Number of Board Meetings attended

during FY 2022

7 (Out of 7 Board Meetings held)

Directorships held as on date of this

Notice

1. Mahindra and Mahindra Limited

2. Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

3. Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited

4. Tech Mahindra Limited

5. Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited

6. Mahindra Logistics Limited

7. Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry

8. New Democratic Electoral Limited

letter, self-attested scanned copy of the PAN Card and self-attested scanned copy of address proof

(such as Driving License, Election Identity Card, Passport, etc.)

18

E-mail Registration on

Company/ Registrar and

Transfer Agent website

(Temporary registration)

Members may visit the following websites and follow the registration process as provided therein:

• Company’s website: https://mahindrafinance.com/investor-zone/agm

• KFintech’s website: https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/mobilereg/mobileemailreg.aspx

19:

Managing Director of Life Insurance Corporation

of India has joined our Board. I remain thankful to your

Company’s Board of Directors for their continued guidance.

With our resilient operating model, experienced and

strengthened leadership team, strong capital adequacy,

comfortable liquidity position, and robust risk management

processes, we are confident of pacing ahead to a better

future. We remain well-equipped to leverage the growing

opportunities in the Indian financial services sector and can

stay ahead of the changing industry dynamics.

Regards,

Dr. Anish Shah

Chairman: Dear Shareholders,

2021 was another year of extraordinary

global turbulence, with the recovery

from COVID-19 painting a mixed

picture across the globe. During this

unprecedented crisis, we remained

proactive in our decision-making to

build team resilience, preserve business

continuity and reinforce customer-

centricity. Throughout this period, we

ensured the wellbeing of our people

and supported our customers and

communities. The undeterred spirit of

our colleagues has been exemplary, and

I am extremely proud of how we have

all come out of 2021.

Despite the headwinds, our

clear vision and a customer-

centric portfolio have

successfully created value

for all our stakeholders

27.8%

Capital Adequacy Ratio

General disclosures: GRI 102-14

General disclosures: GRI 102-14

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

19

18

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements

Managing Director: Dear Shareholders,

The year 2021 continued to

be plagued with the arduous

headwinds of COVID-19, causing

global supply chain disruptions

and severe healthcare crisis.

Through it all, our topmost

priority was to protect the

health, safety and well-being

of our people. The long-term

prospects for highly rated,

established NBFCs remain

robust, and as things begin to

normalise, the segment will

continue to catalyse India’s

economic growth. I am proud

to state that your Company,

by virtue of its proactive and

prudent strategies, has remained

resilient in the face of the

challenges.

We have registered disbursements of Rs. 27,581

crores during the year, a growth of 45%. The

effect of this was visible in the Loan Book which

witnessed growth after a subdued recent past

which was impacted due to the pandemic. The

second wave of COVID-19 had a severe impact

on your Company’s customer base who are

largely based in rural geographies. This led to a

significant impact on the profitability during the

first quarter. However, with concerted efforts

focussed on recoveries and settlements ably

supported by the positive change in market

sentiments, your Company was able to deliver

sequential improvement in the asset quality by

We will continue to make

the requisite investments

to build new digital

platforms and strengthen

the existing ones to elevate

our relationship with our

customers

Rs. 27,581

crores

Disbursements

General disclosures: GRI 102-14

General disclosures: GRI 102-14

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

21

20

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements

letter for loan restructuring in app

→ View and apply pre-approved car loan offers and track

status via app

→ Track customer’s service request status via app

→ Request foreclosure of loan via app

→ Whatsapp integration in app

→ Apply for life, health, two-wheeler insurance via app

→ FINO/CSC locator in app

The app customer support process has been automated

with a call centre, leading to faster resolution of customer

issues and higher customer satisfaction. Customer surveys

were conducted on app users to take timely feedback and

derive further insights into customer behaviour and usage.

Various marketing channels have been used through

the year to increase awareness and adoption of the app

including SMS, social media, Facebook ads and website.

Benefits of Customer App

Easy one-time registration and login

with a 4-digit PIN or fingerprint

Easy access to view loan account and

FD details

Tracking of new loan application

Multiple payment options available on

app – Debit card, Netbanking, Wallets

Payment collection through MF app

contributes to 15% (average) of the

overall digital collection

App achieved 4+ rating and is currently

rated 4.3/5 on Playstore and 4.4/5 on ios

platform with positive customer reviews

Various customer servicing features

available on the app, saving the

customer’s time and money, and reducing

branch visits

Digitisation

Root Cause Analysis (RCA)/Mahindra Yellow Belt (MYB)

This indicates improvements achieved at the department

head level and includes RCA/MYB projects and IT-enabled

initiatives. They involve structured problem-solving such as

the Six Sigma DMAIC (Define, Measure, Analyse, Improve

and Control) methodology.

IT-enabled improvements

In addition to the above, we undertake various initiatives

using IT as an enabler to fast-track the digitalisation of

our ecosystem.

Kaizen count

FY 2020

FY 2021

FY 2022

25,229

6,503

1,401

Participation achieved

FY 2020

FY 2021

FY 2022

58%

28%

5%

Non-GRI disclosure for material topic – Digital innovation and disruption

Non-GRI disclosure for material topic – Digital innovation and disruption

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

25

24

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director - Financial Services Sector, is a member of the Mahindra

and Mahindra Group Sustainability Council.

Sustainability Champions (FSS Level)

Leading sustainability for each business with responsibility for:

→ Disseminating information, ensuring monitoring and review of data and information

→ Being a single-point of contact between the businesses and the sustainability cell

→ Ensuring reporting under the GRI framework

→ Implementing initiatives and driving sustainability awareness programmes

Region-wise Sustainability Champions (Regional Office level)

Overall responsibility at the regional office for data collection. They are aided by a team of sustainability

enthusiasts to implement various sustainability activities.

Mahindra Finance Sustainability Council

To act as a liaison between the Mahindra Finance businesses and the Group Sustainability council. Consists of

a cross-functional team using an integrated network. Responsibilities are to:

→ Effectively integrate sustainability into business strategy and practices

→ Ensure all relevant sustainability policies and goals are well informed, aligned and efficiently executed

→ Ensure a high level of organisational understanding, alignment and engagement of the sustainability

vision throughout the Company

Governance

Strengthening foundations

for a better tomorrow

Ethical compliance is of utmost

priority to build a strong and resilient

organisational ecosystem. Our Board

of Directors ensure the strategic

implementation of our governance

processes, embedding sustainability

and diversity at every stage of our

operations.

Governance structure

The Board’s role

The Board is responsible for determining the strategic

direction of the Company and exercising judicious control

over its affairs. The process of a Board establishing

the direction for the corporation; reviewing, assessing,

and approving strategic directions and initiative; and

assessing and understanding the issues, forces and

risks that characterise and propel the Company's long-

term performance.

Business

experience

Financial

experience and

risk oversight

Technology

and innovation

Governance

and regulatory

oversight

Consumer

insights

and marketing

exposure (mainly

rural and semi-

urban markets)

Dr. Anish Shah

Mr. Ramesh Iyer

Mr. Dhananjay Mungale

x

Mr. C. B. Bhave

Ms. Rama Bijapurkar

Mr. Milind Sarwate

Mr. Amit Raje

Dr. Rebecca Nugent

x

x

Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha

Expertise

Our Board brings together a wealth of knowledge,

perspective, professionalism, divergent thinking and

experience. Our Board members have a deep understanding

of governance, technical, financial and non-financial issues.

We engage openly and transparently

with all our stakeholders to strengthen

their trust and create a fair and

favourable business environment.

Robust policies, standards and

management systems enrich our steady

foundations and help us deliver stellar

performances to meet our goals.

Specific disclosures: GRI 405-1

General disclosures: GRI 102-16, GRI 102-18

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

43

42

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director & CEO of Mahindra

& Mahindra Ltd. He joined Mahindra Group in 2014, as Group

President (Strategy), and worked closely with all businesses on

key strategic initiatives, built capabilities such as digitisation and

data sciences and enabled synergies across Group companies. In

2019, he was appointed Deputy: Managing Director and Group

CFO, with responsibility for the Group Corporate Office and full

oversight of all businesses other than the Auto and Farm sectors,

as a part of the transition plan to the CEO role.

Dr. Shah was President and CEO of GE Capital India from

2009-2014, where he led the transformation of the business,

including a turnaround of its SBI Card joint venture. His career

at GE spanned 14 years, during which he held several leadership

positions at GE Capital’s US and global units. As Director, Global

Mortgage, he worked across 33 countries to drive growth and

manage risk. As Senior Vice President (Marketing and Product

Development) at GE Mortgage Insurance, he led various growth

initiatives and played a key role in preparing the business for an

IPO, as a spinoff from GE. In his initial years with GE, he also led

Strategy, e-Commerce and Sales Force Effectiveness and had

the unique experience of running a dot-com business within

GE. Dr. Shah also received GE’s prestigious Lewis Latimer Award

for outstanding utilisation of Six Sigma in developing a “Digital

Cockpit.”

He has diverse experience with global businesses beyond GE.

He led Bank of America's US Debit Products business, where

he launched an innovative rewards programme, led numerous

initiatives in payment technology and worked closely with various

teams across the Bank to enhance value for the customer.

As a strategy consultant at Bain & Company in Boston, he worked

across multiple industries, including banking, oil rigs, paper, paint,

steam boilers and medical equipment. His first role was with

Citibank in Mumbai, where he issued bank guarantees and letters

of credit as Assistant Manager, Trade Services.

Dr. Shah holds a Ph.D. from Carnegie Mellon’s Tepper School of

Business where his doctoral thesis was in the field of Corporate

Governance. He also received a Master’s degree from Carnegie

Mellon and has a post-graduate diploma in Management

from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. He has

received various scholarships, including the William Latimer

Mellon Scholarship, Industry Scholarship at IIMA, National Talent

Search and Sir Dorabji Tata Trust.

Chairperson

Member

1

5

6

7

8

9

2

3

4

1. Mr. Amit Raje

Whole-Time Director

2. Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha

Non-Executive Director

3. Mr. Dhananjay Mungale

Independent Director

4. Mr. Milind Sarwate

Independent Director

5. Mr. C.B. Bhave

Independent Director

6. Dr. Rebecca Nugent

Independent Director

7. Dr. Anish Shah

Non-Executive

Managing Director from

1996 to 2008. Mr. Bhave was the Chairman of SEBI, India’s

capital markets regulator, from 2008 to 2011. He was also

the Chairman of the Asia-Pacific Regional Committee and a

member of the Technical and the Executive Committees of

the International Organisation of Securities Commissions

(IOSCO), over this period.

Mr. Bhave is the Non-Executive Chairman of Indian Institute

for Human Settlements (IIHS) a not-for-profit organisation

established for the purpose of creating and disseminating

knowledge related to human settlements in the context of

urban areas.

AC

RMC

NRC

SRC

ITSC

Ms. Rama Bijapurkar

Independent Director

Ms. Rama Bijapurkar is a respected thought leader on

business-market strategy and on India’s consumer economy

and has four decades of experience in market research and

marketing and business strategy consulting.

She is an experienced Independent Director having served

on the Boards of several blue chip corporates including in

the financial services sector, and social organisations and

is a professor of management practice at Indian Institute

of Management Ahmedabad, and author of acclaimed

books on India’s consumer market and consumer based

business strategy.

Ms. Bijapurkar holds a B.Sc. (Hons) degree in physics

from the University of Delhi and a postgraduate diploma

in Management from Indian Institute of Management,

Ahmedabad. Past employment includes McKinsey &

Company, MARG Marketing and Research Group (now AC

Nielsen India) and full-time consulting with Hindustan Lever

Limited (now Hindustan Unilever Limited).

SRC

AC

RMC

CSR

Mr. Dhananjay Mungale

Independent Director

Mr. Dhananjay Mungale, is a seasoned banker and finance

professional with extensive global experience of investment

banking, corporate banking and private banking across

Europe and India. Over 25 years he served at leadership

positions in Europe and India at Bank of America and DSP

Merrill Lynch.

Since 1999, Mr. Mungale serves on the Boards of eminent

companies in India as an Independent Director. Over the

period these have included Mahindra Finance, JP Morgan

Asset Management, L&T Infra Finance, LIC Housing

Finance, Mahindra CIE Automotive, TN Petro Products,

DSP Blackrock, Kalpataru Ltd., NOCIL Ltd., Chowgule

Steamship etc.

He also serves on Advisory Boards of select private equity

organisations and investment committees of family office in

India and London. He also regularly mentors’ young talent in

the Fintech start-up sector, across India and abroad.

Besides his business and professional achievements,

Mr. Mungale also finds time to work with eminent

institutions in educational and not-for-profit domains as a

member of their Governing Councils. These have included

Mahindra United World Colleges and Oxford Centre for

Hindu Studies.

He is an undergraduate in Commerce and Law from

University of Mumbai, and an Associate Member of the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

NRC

CSR

CSI

AC

ALCO

RMC

Chairperson

Member

Chairperson

Member

Mr. Amit Raje

Whole-Time Director

Mr. Amit Raje is currently Whole-Time Director of Mahindra

& Mahindra Financial Services Limited designated as Chief

Operating Officer Digital Finance – Digital Business Unit. He

joined the Mahindra Group in July 2020 as Executive Vice

President – Partnerships & Alliances and was responsible

for leading M&A and Investor Relations. Prior to joining

Mahindra Group, Mr. Raje was the: Managing

Managing Director

of Life Insurance Corporation of India (“LIC”) on 1st

February 2021.

Mr. Mohanty started his career as a direct recruit officer with

LIC in 1985 and worked in different capacities in various

departments giving him exposure to multi-dimensional

experience especially in the field of Marketing, Human

Resources, Investments, Legal and Personnel.

Prior to taking charge as: Managing

Managing Director & CEO - Mahindra Manulife

Investment Management Private Limited

Mr. Vedanarayanan Seshadri: Managing Director & Principal Officer -

Mahindra Insurance Brokers Limited

Mr. Mohit Kapoor

Vice President & Group Chief Technology Officer

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Mr. Raul Rebello

Chief Operating Officer - Core Business

Mr. Atul Joshi

Chief - HR & Admin

Mr. Vivek Karve

Chief Financial Officer

Ms. Mallika Mittal

Chief Risk Officer

Mr. Amit Raje

Chief Operating Officer - Digital Finance

Business

Mr. Ramesh Iyer

Vice-

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors are pleased to present their Thirty-Second Report together with the audited financial statements of your Company

for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2022 (“FY 2022”).

Financial Summary and Operational Highlights

Rs. in Crores

Particulars

Consolidated

Standalone

FY 2022

FY 2021

FY 2022

FY 2021

Total Income

11,400.5

12,170.5

9,718.8

10,516.8

Less : Finance Costs

4,417.4

5,307.6

3,920.2

4,733.2

Expenditure

5,347.3

6,046.3

4,314.9

5,241.4

Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment

152.0

150.5

126.8

125.9

Total Expenses

9,916.7

11,504.4

8,361.9

10,100.5

Profit before exceptional items and taxes

1,483.8

666.1

1,356.9

416.3

Share of profit of Associates & Joint Ventures

45.0

39.5

-

-

Exceptional items

20.6

228.5

-

6.1

Profit Before Tax

1,549.4

934.1

1,356.9

422.4

Less : Provision For Tax

-

-

-

-

Current Tax

411.4

494.7

348.1

434.8

Deferred Tax

(12.3)

(340.9)

20.0

(347.6)

Profit After Tax for the Year

1,150.3

780.3

988.8

335.2

Less : Profit for the year attributable to Non-controlling interests

13.4

7.1

-

-

Profit for the Year attributable to Owners of the Company

1,136.9

773.2

988.8

335.2

Balance of profit brought forward from earlier years

5,285.0

4,578.0

4,558.4

4,293.6

Add: Other Comprehensive income /(Loss)

(3.2)

(1.8)

(2.4)

(2.4)

Balance available for appropriation

6,418.7

5,349.4

5,544.8

4,626.4

Less: Appropriations

-

-

-

-

Dividend paid on Equity Shares

98.6

-

98.8

-

Transfer to Statutory Reserves

223.6

98.8

198.0

68.0

Add/Less: Other Adjustments:

Gross obligation at fair value to acquire non-controlling interest

54.4

35.4

-

-

Changes in Group's Interest

(3.9)

(1.0)

-

-

Balance carried forward to balance sheet

6,147.0

5,285.0

5,248.0

4,558.4

Net worth

16,896.3

15,776.4

15,628.1

14,711.5

Consolidated Performance Highlights

• Total Income for the year was Rs. 11,400.5 crores as

compared to Rs. 12,170.5 crores in FY 2021.

• Revenue from operations for the year was Rs. 11,317.6 crores

as compared to Rs. 12,111.2 crores in FY 2021.

• Profit Before Tax (“PBT”) for the year was Rs. 1,549.4 crores

as compared to Rs. 934.1 crores in FY 2021.

• Profit After Tax [“PAT”) (Net of non controlling interest) for the

year was Rs. 1,136.9 crores as compared to Rs. 773.2 crores

in FY 2021.

Standalone Performance Highlights

• Total Income was Rs. 9,718.8 crores for the year ended

31st March, 2022 as compared to Rs. 10,516.8 crores for

the previous year.

• PBT grew by 221.2 % at Rs. 1,356.9 crores as compared to

Rs. 422.4 crores for the previous year.

• PAT grew by 195% at Rs. 988.8 crores as compared to

Rs. 335.2 crores in the previous year.

• The Assets Under Management (“AUM”) stood at

Rs. 79,797 crores as at 31st March, 2022 as against

Rs. 81,689 crores as at 31st March, 2021.

Despite a difficult start in FY 2022 due to 2nd wave of COVID-19,

the overall asset quality improved. The Gross Stage 3 loan assets

stood at Rs. 4,976 crores, lower than that on 31st March, 2021

(Rs. 5,786 crores). The Gross Stage 3 percentage to Business

Assets declined from 9.0% as at 31st March, 2021 to 7.7% as at

31st March, 2022.

ECL and other updates

The Company has been updating the Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”)

model with the latest set of data at periodic intervals for the year

ended 31st March, 2022, to capture the significant changes in

economic and market drivers, customer behaviours and government

Board’s Report

actions caused by COVID-19 to reduce the risk of uncertainty due

to judgements and estimations considering economic outlook data

as per government agencies around the growth parameters. The

Company also continues to undertake a risk assessment of its credit

exposures in addition to the model determined ECL provision, to

reflect deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook and uncertainty

in credit evaluations. The Company held provisions (expected credit

loss on financial assets) aggregating to Rs. 4,508.8 crores as on

31st March, 2022 (Rs. 4,653.6 crores as on 31st March, 2021)

which include potential impact on account of the pandemic.

The Company’s net Stage-3 assets ratio ("NPA") stood at 3.4% as at

31st March, 2022 as against 4.0% as at 31st March, 2021, which

is in line with regulatory expectation of the Reserve Bank of India

(“RBI”).

During the year under review, the Company has disbursed

Rs. 27,581.5 crores as against Rs. 19,000.9 crores during the

corresponding period last year, an increase of 45% over the same

period in previous year.

Transfer to Reserves

The Company proposes to transfer an amount of Rs. 198 crores

to the Statutory Reserves, in compliance with Section 45- IC of

the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Further, the Board of your

Company has decided not to transfer any amount to the General

Reserve for the year under review. An amount of Rs. 5,248 crores

is proposed to be retained in the Profit and Loss Account of

the Company.

Dividend

Considering good performance and strong cash flows, your

Directors are pleased to recommend a dividend of Rs. 3.60 per

equity share (180%) on the face value of Rs. 2 each for FY 2022

vis- a- vis 40% dividend in FY 2021. Dividend is subject to approval

of Members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting and shall

be subject to deduction of tax at source. The dividend outgo for

FY 2022 will absorb a sum of Rs. 444.7 crores, which constitutes

45% pay out of Company’s Standalone Profits for FY 2022.

The Company has not paid any Interim Dividend during the financial

year under review.

The dividend recommended is in accordance with the Company’s

Dividend Distribution Policy.

Tax on Dividend

In terms of the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961, the Company

will make payment of dividend after deduction of tax at source

(“TDS”) as per the prescribed rates, to those shareholders whose

name appear as beneficial owner/ member in the list of beneficial

owners to be furnished by National Securities Depository Limited/

Central Depository Services (India) Limited in case of shares held

in dematerialised form, or in the Register of Members in case of

shares held in physical form, as at the close of business hours on

Thursday, 21st July, 2022 (Book Closure).

The Company has by email dated 19th May, 2022, informed the

Members about the deduction of tax at source on dividend. As it

is imperative for the Company to receive the relevant information

and declarations from shareholders to determine the details of

the TDS rates applicable to different categories of shareholders,

shareholders are requested to submit the necessary documents

as mentioned in the aforesaid communication, on or before

10th July, 2022.

The said communication is also uploaded on the website of the

Company at https://www.mahindrafinance.com/investor-zone/

investor-information

Unclaimed dividend

In terms of the provisions of Sections 124 and 125 of the

Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with the Investor Education

and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and

Refund) Rules, 2016, during the year under review, the Company has

transferred an amount of Rs. 5,11,394 being the unclaimed/unpaid

dividend of the Company for FY 2014 to the Investor Education and

Protection Fund (“IEPF”). The details of total amount lying in unpaid

dividend account of the Company for last seven years and due to

be transferred to IEPF, is mentioned in the Report on Corporate

Governance, forming part of this Annual Report.

Dividend Distribution Policy

The Dividend Distribution Policy, containing the requirements

prescribed in Regulation 43A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 is appended as

“Annexure I” and forms part of this Annual Report.

The Dividend Distribution Policy can also be accessed on the

Company’s website at the web-link: https://mahindrafinance.com/

discover-mahindra-finance/policies

Operations

Your Company is primarily in the financing of Automobiles and

Tractors and serves customers who use these vehicles for earning

their livelihood. Your Company remains a significant financier to its

customers in semi-urban and rural geographies by providing a wide

range of easy and affordable products and services designed to suit

their cash flow cycles. Your Company has retained its leadership

position in financing the Mahindra range of vehicles and tractors.

Additionally, your Company is expanding vide it’s connect with other

leading Car Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs).

Impact of COVID-19 pandemic

The COVID-19 pandemic outbreak which began in the middle

of March, 2020 continued to impact the economy throughout

FY 2022. With the passing of second wave of COVID-19 that hit the

country in April, 2021, your Company faced an impact on collections

as well as disbursements while witnessing an increase in the credit

cost. During the 2nd wave of COVID-19, ~20% of branch offices were

closed during April 2021. Your Company reported a loss of Rs. 1,529

crores during Q1 FY 2022 and gross stage 3 of 15.5%. This was a

result of income loss that our ‘Earn and Pay’ customers suffered due

to COVID restrictions. To enable our customers to course through

this stressed period, your Company implemented restructuring of

1,04,002 customers under RBI’s Resolution Framework 2.0 dated

5th May, 2021 wherein we provided an extended period to repay the

loan by reducing the initial instalments. This significantly helped our

customers to sustain their livelihood. Your Company, however, was

committed to bring back growth to pre covid levels during the year

and reverse at least 80% of provisions made during Q1 FY 2022.

Considering good performance and strong cash

flows, your Directors are pleased to recommend

a dividend of Rs. 3.60 per equity share (180%)

on the face value of Rs. 2 each for FY 2022 vis-

a- vis 40% dividend in FY 2021.

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

81

80

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

designated as Vice-Chairman &: Managing Director

Pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) and the Board of

Directors, the members of the Company at the Annual

General Meeting held on 26th July, 2021, re-appointed

Mr. Ramesh Iyer (DIN: 00220759) as the Managing Director

of the Company, liable to retire by rotation, designated as

Vice-

Managing Director

2.

Mr. Amit Raje, Whole-time Director of the Company

designated as “Chief Operating Officer, Digital Finance –

Digital Business Unit”

3.

Mr. Vivek Karve, Chief Financial Officer of the Company and

Group Financial Services Sector

4.

Ms. Brijbala Batwal, Company Secretary

Changes in Key Managerial Personnel

Company Secretary

Ms. Arnavaz M. Pardiwalla, ceased to be the Company Secretary

and Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from close

of 31st January, 2022. The Board noted the same and placed

on record its sincere appreciation for the valuable contribution

made by Ms. Arnavaz M. Pardiwalla during her tenure as the

Company Secretary of the Company.

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of the

Company at its Meeting held on 28th October, 2021 appointed

Ms. Brijbala Batwal as the Company Secretary of the Company

with effect from 1st February, 2022. Ms. Brijbala Batwal has over

2 decades of experience in Corporate Secretarial function and

has been with Mahindra Group for over 6 years.

Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(5) of the

Companies Act, 2013, (“the Act”) your Directors, based on the

representations received from the Operating Management and

after due enquiry, confirm that:

i.

In the preparation of the annual accounts for financial

year ended 31st March, 2022, the applicable accounting

standards have been followed and there are no material

departures in adoption of these standards.

ii.

They have in consultation with the Statutory Auditors

selected such accounting policies and applied them

consistently and made judgments and estimates that are

reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view

of the state of affairs of the Company as at 31st March,

2022 and of the profit of the Company for the year ended

on that date.

iii.

They have taken proper and sufficient care for the

maintenance of adequate accounting records in

accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding

the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting

fraud and other irregularities.

iv.

They have prepared the annual accounts for financial year

ended 31st March, 2022 on a going concern basis.

v.

They have laid down adequate internal financial controls to

be followed by the Company and that such internal financial

controls were operating effectively during the financial year

ended 31st March, 2022.

vi.

They have devised proper systems to ensure compliance

with provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems

were adequate and operating effectively during the financial

year ended 31st March, 2022.

Performance Evaluation of the Board

The Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing

Regulations”) stipulate the evaluation of the performance of the Board, its Committees, Individual Directors and the Chairperson.

The Company has formulated a process for performance evaluation of the Independent Directors, the Board, its Committees and

other individual Directors which includes criteria for performance evaluation of the Non-Executive Directors and Executive Directors.

An annual performance evaluation exercise was carried out in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Act, Listing

Regulations, the Company’s Code of Independent Directors and the criteria and methodology of performance evaluation approved by

the NRC is as under:

Evaluating body

Evaluate

Broad criteria and parameters of evaluation

Process of evaluation

The Board, the

NRC and the

Independent

Directors

The Board as a whole

Review of fulfilment of Board’s responsibilities including

Strategic Direction, financial reporting risk assessment,

ESG, Grievance redressal, succession planning ,

knowledge of industry trends, diversity of Board etc. and

feedback to improve Board’s effectiveness

Internal assessment through a

structured and separate rating

based questionnaire for each of the

evaluations.

The evaluation is carried out on a

secured online portal whereby the

evaluators are able to submit their

ratings and qualitative feedback, details

of which are accessible only to the NRC

Chairperson.

The NRC also reviews the

implementation and compliance of the

evaluation exercise done annually.

The results and outcome are evaluated,

deliberated upon and noted by the

Independent Directors, the NRC, and

the Board at their respective meetings.

The Board

The Committees of the

Board (separately for each

Committee)

Structure, composition, meetings of Committees,

effectiveness of the functions handled, Independence of

the Committee from the Board, contribution to decisions

of the Board, etc.

The Board, the

NRC, and the

Independent

Directors

Independent Directors

including those seeking re-

appointment, Non

- Independent Directors, and

the VC & MD (excluding the

Director being evaluated)

Qualifications, experience, skills, independence criteria,

integrity of the Directors; contribution and attendance

at meetings; ability to function as a team and devote

time, fulfilment of functions, ability to challenge views of

others in a constructive manner, knowledge acquired

with regard to the Company’s business, understanding

of industry, etc.

The Board, the

NRC and the

Independent

Directors

Chairperson

Skills, expertise, effectiveness of leadership, and ability to

steer the meetings, commitment, impartiality, ability to

keep Shareholders’ interests in mind, etc.

The questionnaires for performance evaluation, which

were further reviewed and improvised during FY 2022, are

comprehensive and in alignment with the guidance note on Board

evaluation issued by SEBI, vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/

CMD/CIR/P/2017/004 dated 5th January, 2017 and are in

line with the criteria and methodology of performance evaluation

approved by the NRC.

Outcome and results of the performance evaluation

All Directors of the Company as on 31st March, 2022

participated in the evaluation process. The Directors expressed

their satisfaction on the parameters of evaluation, the

implementation of the evaluation exercise and the outcome of

the evaluation process.

The evaluation exercise for FY 2022 concluded that the Board

functions in a cohesive and professional manner enabling frank

discussions and resolves issues constructively. They concluded

that the Board effectively reviews all important areas including

Strategic Direction, Risk Assessment and Compliance.

Suggestions provided to enhance the Board’s effectiveness

through deeper focus in certain areas have been noted and

taken up for implementation. The suggestions from previous

evaluations were implemented by the Company during FY 2022.

Familiarisation Programme for Directors

The Company has adopted a structured programme for

orientation of all Directors including the Independent Directors

at the time of their joining so as to familiarise them with the

Company – its operations, business, industry and environment

in which it functions and the regulatory environment applicable

to it. The Management updates the Board Members on a

continuing basis of any significant changes therein and provides

them an insight to their expected roles and responsibilities so as

to be in a position to take well-informed and timely decisions and

contribute significantly to the Company.

The Independent Directors of the Company are made aware of

their roles and responsibilities at the time of their appointment

through a formal: letter of appointment, which also stipulates

various terms and conditions of their engagement.

Managing

Managing Director was

held on 27th April, 2022.

The development and implementation of Risk Management

framework/Policy adopted by the Company is discussed in detail

in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report, which forms

part of this Annual Report.

Auditors and Audit Report

Statutory Auditors and their Reports

In compliance with the Reserve Bank of India Circular dated

27th April, 2021 (“RBI Circular”) for appointment of Joint

Statutory Auditors of certain NBFCs (including HFCs) and in

terms of the provisions of Section 139 (8)(i) of the Companies

Act, 2013 (“Act”); and basis the recommendation of the Audit

Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company at their

meeting held on 28th September, 2021, had approved the

appointment of M/s. Deloitte Haskins & Sells, Chartered

Accountants (Firm Registration No. 117365W) [“DHS”] and

M/s. Mukund M. Chitale & Co., Chartered Accountants (Firm

Registration No. 106655W) [“MMC”], as the Joint Statutory

Auditors of the Company in place of M/s. B S R & Co. LLP,

Chartered Accountants, for a period of 3 consecutive years to

conduct audit of the Financial Statements of the Company.

The joint Statutory Auditors have issued unmodified Audit

Reports on the Standalone and Consolidated Financial

Statements for the financial year ended 31st March, 2022. The

Audit Report for FY 2022 does not contain any qualification,

reservation or adverse remark.

As the resignation tendered by M/s. B S R & Co. LLP (erstwhile

statutory auditors), due to abovementioned RBI Circular,

resulted into a casual vacancy and pursuant to Section 139 (8)(i)

of the Act, DHS and MMC were appointed as the Joint Statutory

Auditors of the Company to hold office from 9th November, 2021

until the conclusion of the 32nd AGM of the Company, by the

members through Postal Ballot.

The approval of Members of the Company is sought for

appointment of DHS and MMC as the Joint Statutory Auditors

of the Company, for a period of 2 (two) consecutive years, to

hold office from conclusion of the 32nd AGM till conclusion of the

34th AGM of the Company to be held in the year 2024.

The joint Statutory Auditors have given a confirmation to the

effect that they are eligible to be appointed and not disqualified

from continuing as the Statutory Auditors. Necessary

resolution(s) seeking Members approval for appointment of DHS

and MMC forms part of the Notice convening the 32nd AGM.

M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, erstwhile Statutory Auditor of the Company

was present at the last AGM held on 26th July, 2021.

Adoption of Policy for appointment of Statutory Auditors

In compliance with the RBI Guidelines, during FY 2022, the

Board has approved and adopted a Policy for appointment of

Statutory Auditors of the Company, which can be accessed on

the Company's website.

Secretarial Audit Report

In accordance with the provisions of sub-section (1) of Section

204, the Secretarial Audit Report for FY 2022 issued by

M/s. KSR & Co., Company Secretaries LLP is appended to this

Report as “Annexure III”. The Secretarial Auditor was present at

the last AGM.

The Secretarial Audit Report does not contain any qualification,

reservation or adverse remark.

Appointment of Secretarial Auditor

M/s. KSR & Co., Company Secretaries LLP were the Secretarial

Auditor of the Company since FY 2016. The Board of Directors

decided to rotate the Secretarial Auditor and accordingly

appointed M/s. Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Practicing Company

Secretaries as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company for

conducting the Secretarial Audit of the Company for FY 2023

and FY 2024 in accordance with the provisions of Section 204

of the Act read with the Rules framed thereunder.

The joint Statutory Auditors have issued

unmodified Audit Reports on the Standalone

and Consolidated Financial Statements for the

financial year ended 31st March, 2022.

In compliance with RBI circular dated

3rd February, 2021, which mandated the

Supervised Entities to implement the Risk

Based Internal Audit (“RBIA”) framework by

31st March 2022, the Audit Committee

has approved a RBIA framework, along with

appropriate processes and plans for internal

audit for FY 2023.

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

95

94

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director / Whole-time Director from Holding or

Subsidiary Company

During FY 2022, Mr. Ramesh Iyer, Vice Chairman & Managing

Director has received an amount of Rs. 63.11 lakhs towards

Employees’ Phantom Stock Options granted by Mahindra

Insurance Brokers Limited, subsidiary of the Company.

Mr. Amit Raje, was appointed as Non-Executive Director of

the Company w.e.f. 18th September, 2020. Mr. Raje was then

associated with the Holding Company viz. Mahindra & Mahindra

Ltd. (“M&M”) as Executive Vice President – Partnerships &

Alliances, wherein he was granted 97,783 ESOPs of M&M at an

exercise price of Rs. 5/- per share. While he draws remuneration

from the Company, out of 12,299 ESOPs of M&M vested and

exercisable by him, he exercised 9,430 ESOPs during FY 2022.

The ESOPs granted to him by M&M would continue to vest unto

him from time to time.

Except as mentioned herein, Mr. Ramesh Iyer and Mr. Amit Raje

did not receive any other remuneration or commission from

Holding Company/Subsidiaries of the Company, during FY 2022.

Disclosure under the Sexual Harassment of Women at

workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act,

2013 ("POSH Act")

Your Company is an equal opportunity employer and is

committed to ensuring that the work environment at all its

locations is conducive to fair, safe and harmonious relations

between employees. It strongly believes in upholding the

dignity of all its employees, irrespective of their gender or

seniority. Discrimination and harassment of any type are

strictly prohibited.

Your Company has in place a comprehensive Policy in accordance

with the provisions of the POSH Act and Rules made thereunder.

All employees (permanent, contractual, temporary and trainees)

are covered under this Policy. The Policy has been widely

communicated internally and is placed on the Company’s intranet

portal. The Company ensures that no employee is disadvantaged

by way of gender discrimination.

During the year under review, the POSH Policy was amended to

simplify the content to enhance the receptibility of the Policy for

ensuring ease of comprehension and compliance. The updated

POSH Policy is also available on the website of the Company and

can be accessed at the web-link: https://www.mahindrafinance.

com/investor-zone/corporate-governance/

Your Company has complied with the provisions relating to

the constitution of the Internal Complaints Committee (“ICC”)

under the POSH Act to redress complaints received regarding

sexual harassment.

To ensure that all the employees are sensitised regarding issues

of sexual harassment, the Company conducts an online Induction

Training through the learning platform M-Drona (Internal Training

App) covering topics including POSH awareness, reconciliation

before filing POSH complaint(s) and consequences of filing false

complaint(s).

The following is a summary of Sexual Harassment complaint(s)

received and disposed off during the year 2022, pursuant to the

POSH Act and Rules framed thereunder:

a)

Number of complaint(s) of Sexual Harassment received

during the year – NIL

b)

Number of complaint(s) disposed off during the year – NIL

c)

Number of cases pending as at 31st March, 2022– NIL

d)

Number of workshops/awareness programme on the subject

carried out during the year under review were as under:

• Awareness program was conducted in which mailers

& video on the Prevention of Sexual Harassment at the

workplace along with POSH policies was circulated to all

employees.

• An online e-learning module for employees on Prevention

of Sexual Harassment covering the topics on Sexual

Harassment, process of filing complaints, dealing with

sexual harassment, etc. is developed for training all the

employees. 98.46% of the employees have completed

this training

All the employees are sensitised regarding issues

of sexual harassment, the Company conducts

an online Induction Training through the learning

platform M-Drona (Internal Training App) covering

topics including POSH awareness, reconciliation

before filing POSH complaint(s) and consequences

of filing false complaint(s).

As per the Whistle Blower Policy implemented

by the Company, the employees, directors or

any Stakeholders associated with the Company

are free to report illegal or unethical behaviour,

actual or suspected fraud or violation of the

Company’s Codes of Conduct

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

97

96

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

Place: Mumbai

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Annexure III

To,

The Members

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Gateway Building, Apollo Bunder,

Mumbai- 400 001.

We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance

of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good

corporate practices by Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services

Limited (CIN L65921MH1991PLC059642) (hereinafter called

the Company). Secretarial Audit was conducted for the financial

year ended on 31st March, 2022 in a manner that provided

us reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conduct/

statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

On the basis of the above and on our verification of documents,

books, papers, minutes, forms and returns filed and other

records maintained by the Company and also the information

provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorised

representatives during the conduct of the Audit, we hereby

report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the period

covered under the Audit as aforesaid, complied with the

statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company

has proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in

place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting

made hereinafter.

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and

returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for

the financial year ended 31st March, 2022 according to the

provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made there under

to the extent applicable.

(ii)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and the

Rules made there under.

(iii)

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and

Bye-Laws framed there under.

(iv) The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules

and Regulations made there under to the extent of Foreign

Direct Investment (FDI), Overseas Direct Investment (ODI)

and External Commercial Borrowings (ECB).

(v)

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992:

a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011.

b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015.

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2018.

d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share

Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014

and The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)

Regulations, 2021.

e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue

and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008,

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and

Listing of Non-Convertible Redeemable Preference

Shares) Regulations, 2013 and Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-

Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021.

f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)

Regulations, 1993.

g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting

of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021.

h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back

of Securities) Regulations, 2018.

i)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

(vi) Reserve Bank of India Master Direction/Guidelines, as

applicable to Non-Banking Financial Companies, including

the following are specifically applicable to the Company:

a)

The Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.

b)

Master Direction - Non-Banking Financial Companies

Acceptance of Public Deposits (Reserve Bank)

Directions, 2016.

c)

Master Direction - Non-Banking Financial Company -

Systemically Important Non-Deposit taking Company

and Deposit taking Company (Reserve Bank)

Directions, 2016.

d)

Master Direction- Non-Banking Financial Company

Returns (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016.

e)

Raising Money through Private Placement of

Non-Convertible Debentures (NCDs) by NBFCs -

RBI Guidelines.

f)

Master Circular – Non-Banking Financial Companies –

Corporate Governance (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2015.

Form No. MR-3

Secretarial Audit Report

For the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2022

(Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

115

114

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

Due to threat of infection arising out of COVID-19 pandemic, we had to conduct our audit by examining various records and

documents including minutes, registers, certificates and other records received through electronic mode as enabled by the

company. We state that we have not done a physical verification of the original documents and records. The management has

confirmed that the records provided to us for audit through electronic mode are final, true and correct.

3.

Further, our audit report is limited to the verification and reporting of the statutory compliances on laws / regulations /

guidelines listed in our report and the same pertain to the financial year ended on 31st March, 2022.

4.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

5.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

6.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis. Further compliance of the Act,

Regulations, Directions listed under Para (vi) of the report is limited to compliance of corporate governance provisions and

verification of filing of forms and returns thereunder.

7.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For KSR & Co Company Secretaries LLP

Dr. C. V. Madhusudhanan

Partner

Place: Coimbatore

(FCS: 5367; CP: 4408)

Date: 2nd May, 2022

UDIN: F005367D000252471

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

117

116

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on

our audit.

2.

Due to threat of infection arising out of COVID-19 pandemic,

we had to conduct our audit by examining various records

and documents including minutes, registers, certificates

and other records received through electronic mode as

enabled by the company. We state that we have not done a

physical verification of the original documents and records.

The management has confirmed that the records provided

to us for audit through electronic mode are final, true

and correct.

3.

Further, our audit report is limited to the verification

and reporting of the statutory compliances on laws /

regulations / guidelines listed in our report and the same

pertain to the Financial year ended on 31st March, 2022.

4.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe

that the processes and practices, we followed provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

5.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

6.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other

applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited

to the verification of procedures on test basis. Further

compliance of provisions of The National Housing Bank

Act, 1987 and The Housing Finance Companies (NHB)

Directions, 2010 read with NBFC-HFC (Reserve Bank)

Directions, 2021 and Housing Finance Company Issuance

of Non-Convertible Debentures on Private Placements

(NHB) Directions, 2014 is limited to compliance of

corporate governance provisions and verification of filing of

forms and returns thereunder.

7.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For KSR & Co Company Secretaries LLP

Dr. C. V. Madhusudhanan

Partner

Place: Coimbatore

(FCS: 5367; CP: 4408)

Date: 22nd April, 2022

UDIN: F005367D000187087

Annexure V

Secretarial Compliance Report of

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

(CIN: L65921MH1991PLC059642)

for the year ended 31st March, 2022

1.

We have examined:

(a)

All the documents and records made available to us

and explanation provided by Mahindra & Mahindra

Financial Services Limited (“the Listed Entity”) arising

from the compliances of specific Regulations listed

under Para 2 infra.

(b)

The filings/ submissions made by the Listed Entity to

the stock exchanges in connection with the above,

(c)

Website of the listed entity,

for the year ended 31st March, 2022 (“Review Period”) in

respect of compliance with the provisions of:

(a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992

(“SEBI Act”) and the Regulations, circulars, guidelines

issued thereunder; and

(b)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956

(“SCRA”), rules made thereunder and the Regulations,

circulars, guidelines issued thereunder by the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”);

2.

The specific Regulations, whose provisions and the

circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder, have been

examined, include:-

(a)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015;

(b)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;

(c)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial

Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

(d)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of

Securities) Regulations, 2018;

(e)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 and Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee

Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021;

(f)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and

Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008;

(g)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and

Listing of Non-Convertible Redeemable Preference

Shares) Regulations, 2013;

(h)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue

and Listing of Non-Conver tible Securities)

Regulations, 2021;

(i)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

(j)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to

an Issue and Share Transfer Agent) Regulations, 1993

(k)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories

and Participants) Regulations, 2018

and based on the above examination, we hereby report that,

during the review period:

(a)

The Listed Entity has complied with the provisions

of the above Regulations and circulars/ guidelines

issued thereunder. However, in the absence of

any transaction relating to buyback of securities,

issue of Equity shares and issue of Non-Convertible

Redeemable Preference Shares during the review

period, the compliance of the relevant regulations

mentioned above do not arise.

(b)

The listed entity has maintained proper records under

the provisions of the above Regulations and circulars/

guidelines issued thereunder in so far as it appears

from our examination of those records.

(c)

No action was taken against the listed entity/ its

promoters/ directors/ material subsidiaries either

by SEBI or by Stock Exchanges (including under the

Standard Operating Procedures issued by SEBI

through various circulars) under the aforesaid

Acts/ Regulations and circulars/ guidelines

issued thereunder.

(d)

No observations were made in our previous report

dated 23rd April, 2021 and addendum of even date

thereto, hence reporting on action taken by the listed

entity and our comments thereto, does not arise.

We further certify that the Listed Entity and its Material

Subsidiary namely, Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited

have complied with the requirements of Paragraph 6(A) and

6(B) of Securities and Exchange Board of India Circular No.

CIR/CFD/CMD1/114/2019 dated 18th October, 2019.

For KSR & Co Company Secretaries LLP

Dr. C. V. Madhusudhanan

Partner

Place: Coimbatore

(FCS: 5367; CP: 4408)

Date: 2nd May, 2022

UDIN:FOO5367D000252768

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

121

120

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

6.08

7.53

(3.18)

4.87

218.90

Mr. Amit Raje ^^

Whole-time Director-

Chief Operating Officer

Digital Finance - Digital

Business Unit

2.88

3.58

N.A.

N.A.

104.07

Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha# Non-Executive Director

NIL

NIL

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

Mr. Vivek Karve

Chief Financial Officer

of the Company and

Group Financial Services

Sector

2.35

2.35

39.05

39.05

N.A.

Ms. Arnavaz M.

Pardiwalla$$

Company Secretary

0.69

0.84

N.A.

N.A

N.A.

Ms. Brijbala Batwal@

Company Secretary

0.11

0.11

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

1.

The remuneration of Independent Directors includes sitting fees and

commission.

2.

The calculations are based on employees who were on the rolls of the

Company for the whole of FY 2021 and FY 2022.

3.

*Dr. Anish Shah, Non-Executive Chairman, being in the whole-time

employment of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (M&M), the Holding

Company, does not receive any remuneration from the Company.

4.

**Dr. Rebecca Nugent was associated for part of FY 2021, hence

percentage increase in remuneration is not reported.

5.

^^Mr. Amit Raje was appointed as the Non – Executive Non-

Independent Director of the Company with effect from 18th September

2020. He was appointed as the Whole-time Director with effect from

1st April, 2021. Since Mr. Raje was not in the whole-time employment

of the Company during FY 2021, percentage increase in remuneration

is not comparable, hence not reported.

Mr. Amit Raje, was granted 97,783 ESOPs of M&M at an exercise price

of Rs. 5/- per share, when he was in employment with M&M. He moved

to payroll of Company with effect from 1st April, 2021. Out of 12,299

ESOPs of M&M vested and exercisable by him, he exercised 9,430 ESOPs

during the year with perquisite value of 0.7 crores. The ESOPs granted

to him by M&M would continue to vest unto him from time to time.

6.

#Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha, Non-Executive Director, being in the whole-time

employment of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (M&M), the Holding

Company, does not receive any remuneration from the Company.

7.

$$Ceased to hold office as Company Secretary of the Company with

effect from 31st January, 2022. Since Ms. Arnavaz Pardiwalla was

associated for part of FY 2022 percentage increase in remuneration

is not reported.

8.

@Appointed as Company Secretary of the Company w.e.f. 1st February,

2022. Since Ms. Brijbala Batwal was associated for part of FY 2022

percentage increase in remuneration is not reported

I.

The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to

the median remuneration of the employees of the

Company for the Financial Year:

The median remuneration of employees of the Company

during FY 2022 was Rs. 0.03 crores and ratio of the

remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration

of the employees of the Company for the Financial Year is

provided in the above table.

II.

The percentage increase in the median remuneration

of employees in the Financial Year:

There is an increase of 17.90% in the median remuneration

of employees, taking into consideration employees who

were in employment for the whole of the FY 2021 and

FY 2022.

III. Number of permanent employees on the rolls of the

Company:

There were 19,998 permanent employees on the rolls of

the Company as on 31st March, 2022.

IV. Average percentile increase already made in the

salaries of employees other than the managerial

personnel in the last Financial Year and its comparison

with the percentile increase in the managerial

remuneration and justification thereof and point out if

there are any exceptional circumstances for increase

in the managerial remuneration.

Average percentage increase made in the salaries of

employees other than the managerial personnel in the

FY 2022 was 18.02% whereas the increase in the

managerial remuneration for FY 2022 was 4.87%.

The remuneration of the Executive Directors is based

on the individual performance, company performance,

inflation, prevailing industry trends and benchmarks.

The remuneration of eligible Non-Executive Directors

consists of commission and sitting fees. While deciding

the remuneration, various factors such as Director’s

participation in Board and Committee Meetings during

the year, other responsibilities undertaken, such as

Membership or Chairmanship/ Chairpersonship of

Committees, and such other factors as the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee may deem fit were taken

into consideration.

The increment given to each individual employee is based

on the employees’ potential, experience as also their

performance and contribution to the Company’s progress

over a period of time.

V.

Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the

Remuneration Policy of the Company:

The remuneration paid/payable is as per the Policy on

Remuneration of Directors and Remuneration Policy for

Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management and other

Employees of the Company.

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

123

122

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

letter for loan restructuring in app, view & apply

pre-approved car loan offers & track status, Financial

Inclusion Network and operations/Customer Service

Center (“FINO/CSC”) locator and applying for life, health

& two-wheeler insurance. The Customer App support

process has been automated with call centre leading

to faster resolution of customer issues and higher

customer satisfaction.

(ii)

The benefits derived like product improvement, cost

reduction, product development or import substitution:

The digital collection from customers crossed Rs 6,000

crores which is 85% more than the previous year. Digital

collection has also led to cost optimisation by migrating the

cash customers to digital mode. The payment collection

through Mahindra Finance (“MF”) App contributes to 15%

(average) of the overall digital collection. The App has also

made it easy for customers to access loan account & FD

details and tracking their new loan application. Various

customer servicing features available on App has resulted

in saving time and money of the customers incurred in

visiting branch offices.

(iii) In case of imported technology (imported during the last

three years reckoned from the beginning of the Financial

Year): Not Applicable

(a)

Details of Technology Imported.

(b) Year of Import.

(c) Whether the Technology has been fully absorbed.

(d) if not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not

taken place, and the reasons thereof.

(iv) The expenditure incurred on Research and Development:

Your Company has not incurred any expenditure on

Research and Development during the year under review.

(C) Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo:

There was no foreign exchange earning during the year under

review. Details of foreign exchange outgo during the year under

review is as follows:

Total Foreign Exchange

Earned and Outgo

For the Financial Year

ended 31st March, 2022

For the Financial

Year ended 31st

March, 2021

Foreign Exchange

Earnings

NIL

NIL

Foreign Exchange

Outgo

65.5

16.1

For and on behalf of the Board

Place: Mumbai

Dr. Anish Shah

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Chairman

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

125

124

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

letter and in

spirit. A Report on compliance with the Code of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations, for the year

ended 31st March, 2022 (year under review) and developments

up to the date of this report are given below:

Board of Directors

The composition of the Board of your Company is in conformity

with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and

the Listing Regulations, as amended from time to time.

The Board of your Company comprised nine Directors as on 31st

March, 2022 and ten Directors as on date of this Report. As on

the date of the report, the Company has a Non-Executive Non-

Independent Chairman, 2 Executive Directors, 2 Non-Executive

Non-Independent Directors and 5 Independent Directors

[including 2 (two) Women Independent Directors].

All the Directors possess requisite qualifications and experience

in general corporate management, banking, finance, economics,

marketing, digitisation, analytics, strategy formulation and

other allied fields that allow them to contribute effectively by

actively participating in the Board and Committee Meetings,

providing valuable guidance and expert advice to the Board and

the Management and enhancing the quality of Board’s decision

making process.

Detailed profile of the Directors is available on the Company’s

website at the web-link: https://mahindrafinance.com/discover-

mahindra-finance/management.

Composition of the Board

Composition and other details of Board of Directors as on 31st March, 2022

Sr.

No.

Name of the Directors

and DIN number

Age

Tenure of

Director

Total Number of Directorships and Committee

Positions in public limited companies #

Directorships in other listed Companies

Directorships

Committee

Memberships+

Committee

Chairpersonship+

Name of the Equity Listed

Companies

Category of

Directorship

Non-Executive Non-Independent Chairman

1

52

6 years

6

2

0

1. Mahindra & Mahindra

Limited: Managing Director

& CEO

2. Mahindra Lifespace

Developers Limited

Non-Executive

Non-

Independent

Director

Dr. Anish Shah

02719429

3. Tech Mahindra Limited

4. Mahindra Logistics

Limited,

Managing Director, designated as "Vice-Chairman &: Managing Director", of the

Company

30th April, 2021 (for a

period of three years)

*The shareholders of the Company at the AGM held on 26th July, 2021, had approved the appointment of Mr. Amit Raje and Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha, and had

approved the re-appointment of Mr. Ramesh Iyer with requisite majority.

Pursuant to the recommendation of the NRC and the Board of Directors of the Company, the shareholders of the Company have

by means of an Ordinary Resolution passed on 15th March, 2022 with requisite majority, vide Postal Ballot conducted through

remote e-voting mode, approved the appointment of Mr. Siddhartha Mohanty (DIN: 08058830) as a Non-Executive Non-Independent

Director of the Company with effect from 1st April, 2022, liable to retire by rotation.

Profile of Mr. Siddhartha Mohanty

Mr. Mohanty took charge as Managing Director of Life Insurance

Corporation of India (“LIC”) on 1st February 2021.

Mr. Mohanty started his career as a direct recruit officer with LIC

in 1985 and worked in different capacities in various departments

giving him exposure to multi-dimensional experience especially

in the field of Marketing, Human Resources, Investments, Legal

and Personnel.

Prior to taking charge as Managing Director of LIC, he was

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of LIC Housing

Finance Limited (“LIC HFL”), one of the largest housing finance

companies in India. He was also LIC HFL’s Chief Operating Officer.

Before joining LIC HFL, he was Executive Director-Legal with

LIC. He has also headed few Divisions in the capacity of Senior

Divisional Manager in-charge, spearheading the Divisions to

successfully achieve the business targets. Mr. Mohanty is MA

and holds a Degree in Law. Other qualifications include Post

Graduate Certificate in Business Management and Licentiate

from the Insurance Institute of India.

His innovative style of working, strong analytical ability, strategic

thinking and capability to arrive at simple solutions for complex

problems have resulted in success in each of his assignments.

He has a broad understanding of the landscape of the industry

which helps him to draw unique strategies.

Directors retiring by rotation at ensuing AGM

In terms of Section 152 of the Act, Dr. Anish Shah

(DIN:02719429), Non-Executive

Managing Director and

Mr. Amit Raje, Whole-time Director, do not serve as Independent

Director in any other listed company.

The above compliances were met throughout the year.

Certificate regarding Non-Debarment and

Non-Disqualification of Directors

A certificate issued by Dr. C. V. Madhusudhanan, Partner,

M/s. KSR & Co., Company Secretaries LLP, pursuant to

Regulation 34(3) read with Clause 10 (i) of Paragraph C of

Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, certifying that none of the Directors on the Board of

the Company as on 31st March, 2022, have been debarred or

disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of

the companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India,

Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Reserve Bank of India, or any such

Statutory Authority is attached at the end of the Corporate

Governance Report as “Annexure A”.

Board Confirmation regarding Independence of the

Independent Directors

The Company has received declarations from all the

Independent Directors confirming that they meet the criteria

of independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules framed thereunder,

and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. In terms of

Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations, the Independent

Directors have confirmed that they are not aware of any

circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably

anticipated that could impair or impact their ability to discharge

their duties with an objective independent judgement and

without any external influence.

Based on the disclosures received from all the Independent

Directors, the Board after taking these declarations/disclosures

on record and acknowledging the veracity of the same, concluded

that the Independent Directors are persons of integrity and

possess the relevant expertise, proficiency and experience to

qualify and continue as Independent Directors of the Company

and are Independent of the Management.

None of the Independent Directors of the Company have

resigned during the financial year.

Meetings of Independent Directors

Meetings of Independent Directors were held on 30th August,

2021 and 10th March, 2022, more than the Statutory mandate

of holding minimum one meeting in a year. These Meetings

were conducted in an informal manner to enable Independent

Directors to discuss matters relating to Company’s affairs and

put forth their views without the presence of the Vice-Chairman

&: Managing Director, other Non-Independent Directors, Chief

Financial Officer and Members of the Management.

At these Meetings, the Independent Directors reviewed the

performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board

as a whole, reviewed the performance of the

Managing Director to this effect is enclosed

at the end of this Report.

CEO & CFO Certification

As required under Regulation 17(8) read with Part B of Schedule

II of the Listing Regulations, the Vice-Chairman & Managing

Director (“MD”) and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company

(“CFO”) have jointly certified to the Board regarding the Financial

Statements and internal controls relating to financial reporting

for the year ended 31st March, 2022.

The MD and the CFO also jointly give quarterly certification on

financial results while placing the financial results before the

Board in terms of Regulation 33(2) of the Listing Regulations.

Risk Management Framework

Risk management forms an integral part of the Company’s

business. As a lending institution, the Company is exposed

to various risks that are related to its lending business and

operating environment. Your Company has a well-defined

risk management framework in place. The risk management

framework works at various levels across the Company. The

risk management framework is based on assessment of all risks

through proper analysis and understanding of the underlying

risks before undertaking any transactions and changing or

implementing processes and systems. This risk management

mechanism is supported by regular review, control, self-

assessments and monitoring of key risk indicators.

The Risk Management structure includes identification of

elements of risk, including those which in the opinion of the

Board, may threaten the existence of the Company. Risk

management process has been established across the Company

and is designed to identify, assess and frame a response to

threats that affect the achievement of its objectives. Further, it

is embedded across all the major functions and revolves around

the goals and objectives of the Company. There is also a Board

approved Risk Management Policy.

The Risk Management architecture includes monitoring by the

Board of Directors through the Audit Committee, the Asset

Liability Committee and the Risk Management Committee.

The Risk Management framework adopted by the Company is

discussed in detail in the Management Discussion and Analysis

Report, forming part of this Annual report.

Web based Portal for ensuring compliances

The Company has a web-based portal for ensuring compliances

with all applicable laws and statutory obligations. The said portal

provides for timely alerts and advisory to ensure compliances

within stipulated timelines.

Committees constituted by the Board

The Committees are constituted by the Board, focus on specific

areas and take informed decisions within the framework of

delegated authority, and make specific recommendations to the

Board on matters within their areas or purview. The decisions

and recommendations of the Committees are placed before the

Board for information or for approval, as required.

Your Company has nine Committees as on 31st March, 2022:

1.

Audit Committee

2.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

3.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

4.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

5.

Risk Management Committee

6.

Committee for Strategic Investments

7.

Asset Liability Committee (“ALCO”)

8.

IT Strategy Committee

9.

Digital and AI Committee

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

153

152

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director designated as Vice-Chairman &: Managing

Letter of

Indemnity in case of issue of duplicate dividend warrant, etc.,

required to be executed by the shareholders have also been

provided on the website of the Company.

• The above information can be accessed on the Company’s

website at the web-link: https://www.mahindrafinance.com/

investor-zone/faqs/.

• Members can also provide their feedback on the services

provided by the Company and its Registrar & Transfer

Agents by filling the ‘Shareholders Satisfaction Survey’

form available on the website of the Company at https://

mahindrafinance.com/investor-zone/investor-information.

General Body Meetings

Details of last three Annual General Meetings and Special Resolutions passed

For the Financial Year

Date

Time

Special Resolutions passed

Venue

2018 - 2019

23rd July, 2019

3.30 p.m.

(IST)

1. Re-appointment of Mr. Dhananjay Mungale as

an Independent Director, not liable to retire

by rotation, to hold office for a second term

commencing from 24th July, 2019 to 23rd July,

2024.

2. Re-appointment of Ms. Rama Bijapurkar as

an Independent Director, not liable to retire

by rotation, to hold office for a second term

commencing from 24th July, 2019 to 23rd July,

2024.

3. Increase in borrowing limits from Rs. 70,000

Crores to Rs. 80,000 Crores under Section

180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the

Act”) and creation of charge on the assets of

the Company under Section 180(1)(a) of the

Act.

Physical meeting-

Rama & Sundri

Watumull Auditorium,

Kishinchand

Chellaram College,

Dinshaw Wachha

Road, Churchgate,

Mumbai – 400 020.

2019-2020

10th August, 2020

3.00 p.m. (IST)

1. Increase in borrowing limits from Rs. 80,000

Crores to Rs. 90,000 Crores under Section

180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the

Act”) and creation of charge on the assets of

the Company under Section 180(1)(a) of the

Act.

Held through Video-

Conferencing/Other

Audio Visual Means.

Deemed Venue for

Meeting: Registered

Office: Gateway

Building, Apollo

Bunder, Mumbai 400

001.

2020-2021

26th July, 2021

3.30 p.m. (IST)

1. Re-appointment

of

Mr.

Ramesh

Iyer

(DIN: 00220759) as: Managing Director of

the Company designated as “Vice

Managing Director and CEO

As on the date of this report, the Chairman of the Board is a

Non-Executive Director and his position is separate from that of

the Vice-Chairman &: Managing

Letter

of Confirmation for the said transactions and will give effect to

the transaction once the securities are dematerialised.

Members holding shares in physical form are requested to

get their shares dematerialised at the earliest. Members are

accordingly requested to get in touch with any Depository

Participant having registration with SEBI to open a Demat

account and get their shares dematerialised or alternatively,

contact the nearest office of KFin to seek guidance about

the dematerialisation procedure. The Members may

also visit the website of the Depositories vis. (i) National

Securities Depository Limited at the web-link: https://

nsdl.co.in/faqs/faq.php or (ii) Central Depository Services

(India) Limited at the web-link: https://www.cdslindia.com/

Investors/FAQs.html for further understanding about the

dematerialisation process.

The Stakeholders Relationship Committee meets as and when

required to inter alia, consider other requests for transfer/

transmission of shares/debentures, issue of duplicate share/

debenture certificates, and attend to grievances of the security

holders of the Company, etc.

Secretarial Audit / Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit

As a voluntary good governance practice, KSR & Co., Company

Secretaries LLP, had conducted Secretarial Audit on the

compliances by the Company, on a quarterly basis and the report

has been placed before the Board every quarter.

Further, KSR & Co., Company Secretaries LLP have provided the

Secretarial Audit Report of the Company for the year 2021-22.

The Audit Report confirms that your Company has complied

with the applicable provisions of the Act and the Rules made

there under, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,

applicable RBI Regulations, Listing Agreements with the Stock

Exchanges, applicable SEBI Regulations and other laws applicable

to the Company. The Secretarial Audit Report forms part of the

Board’s Report.

The Secretarial Audit Report does not contain any qualification,

reservation or adverse remark.

Pursuant to Regulation 40(9) of the Listing Regulations

certificates have been issued on a half-yearly basis, by a qualified

Company Secretary in Practice, certifying due compliance of

share transfer formalities by the Company.

A qualified Practicing Company Secretary carries out a

quarterly Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit, to reconcile the

total admitted Equity Share capital with National Securities

Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services

(India) Limited (CDSL) and the total issued and listed Equity Share

capital. The quarterly audit for FY 2022 confirmed that the total

issued/paid-up capital is in agreement with the aggregate of the

total number of shares in physical form and the total number of

shares in dematerialised form held with NSDL and CDSL.

Annual Secretarial Compliance Report

Pursuant to SEBI Circular dated 8th February, 2019, as amended,

read with Regulation 24A of the Listing Regulations, the Annual

Secretarial Compliance Report for the financial year 2021-

22 issued by KSR & Co., Company Secretaries LLP, confirming

compliance with all applicable SEBI Regulations and Circulars/

Guidelines issued thereunder, has been submitted to the Stock

Exchanges within 60 days of the end of the financial year.

Address for Correspondence

Equity Shares

Shareholders may correspond with the Registrar and Transfer

Agents at:

KFin Technologies Limited

Unit: Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Selenium Building, Tower B, Plot Nos. 31-32, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Gachibowli, Serilingampally Mandal,

Hyderabad – 500 032, Telangana, India.

Tel.: +91 40 6716 2222/1800 309 4001

Fax: +91 40 2300 1153

Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com

Website: www.kfintech.com

on all mat ters relating to transfer, transmission,

dematerialisation of shares, payment of dividend, change of

address, change in bank details and any other query relating to

the Equity Shares of the Company.

Shareholders would have to correspond with the respective

Depository Participants for shares held in dematerialised mode.

The Registrar and Transfer Agents also have an office at:

KFin Technologies Limited

24-B, Raja Bahadur Mansion, 6 Ambalal Doshi Marg,

Behind BSE, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001.

Tel.: + 91 22 66 23 5454

For all investor related matters, the Company Secretary can be

contacted at:

Mahindra Towers, ‘A Wing’, 4th Floor,

P. K. Kurne Chowk, Worli,

Mumbai - 400 018.

Tel.: +91 22 6652 6000

Fax: +91 22 2498 4170

Email Id: investorhelpline_mmfsl@mahindra.com

Your Company can also be visited at its website:

https://www.mahindrafinance.com

Non-Convertible Debentures

KFin Technologies Limited also acts as Registrar and Transfer

Agents for the Non-Convertible Debentures of the Company.

Complaints or queries/ requests relating to Public Issuances of

Debentures can be forwarded to Mr. Umesh Pandey at the same

address as mentioned above. Email Id: einward.ris@kfintech.com;

Tel : +91 40 6716 2222.

Complaints or queries/ requests with respect to the

Company’s Privately Placed Debentures may be directed to

Mr. Chakka Jagannadh, Email Id: einward.ris@kfintech.com;

Tel. : +91 40 6716 2222.

Debenture holders would have to correspond with the

respective Depository Participants for Debentures held in

dematerialised mode.

Investor Services Web-based Query Redressal System

Members may utilise the facility extended by the Registrar

and Transfer Agent for redressal of queries, by visiting

https://karisma.kfintech.com and clicking on ‘INVESTORS

SERVICE’ option for query registration through free identity

registration process.

Investors can submit their query in the QUERIES option provided

on the above website, which would generate a registration

number. For accessing the status/response to the query

submitted, the grievance registration number can be used at the

option ‘Track your grievance’ on right hand corner under ‘Investor

Grievance’ option after 24 hours. Investors can continue to put

an additional query, if any, relating to the grievance till they get a

satisfactory reply.

Investors can provide their feedback on the services provided

by the Company and its Registrar and Transfer Agent by filling

the Shareholder Satisfaction Survey form available in the

Investor Relations Tab on the website of the Company at the

web link: https://mahindrafinance.com/investor-zone/investor-

information .

Fixed Deposits

For the purpose of registering queries/complaints/requests

in respect of Fixed Deposits of the Company, the investors are

requested to correspond with the Company’s Fixed Deposit

Department at the following address:

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited,

FD Processing Centre,

New No. 244, Old No. 713,

3rd Floor, Level 4,

Rear Block, Carex Center,

Anna Salai, Thousand Lights,

Chennai-600 006, Tamil Nadu.

Contact Details.:

Chennai : +91 44 4227 6079

Mumbai : +91 22 6652 3500/ 1800 266 9266

Email Id: mfinfd@mahindra.com

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

177

176

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director under regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of The Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

To,

The Members of

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

I, Ramesh Iyer, Vice-Chairman &: Managing Director of Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited declare that all the Members

of the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for the year ended

31st March, 2022.

For Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Place: Mumbai

Ramesh Iyer

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Vice-

Managing Director

b)

Details of the BR Head

Sl.

No.

Particulars

Details

1.

DIN Number (if applicable)

N.A.

2.

Name

Mr. Atul Joshi

3.

Designation

Chief – HR & Admin

4.

Telephone number

022 66526029

5.

e-mail id

JOSHI.ATUL@mahindra.com

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies

The Business Responsibility Policy (“BR Policy”) addressing the following 9 principles as per the National Voluntary Guidelines

on Social, Environmental and Economic Responsibilities of Business (NVGs), duly approved by Board, is in place. This policy is

operationalised and supported by various other policies, guidelines and manuals.

The 9 principles outlined in the National Voluntary Guidelines are as follows:

Particulars

Details

PRINCIPLE 1

Business should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability.

PRINCIPLE 2

Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout their life cycle.

PRINCIPLE 3

Businesses should promote the wellbeing of all employees.

PRINCIPLE 4

Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive towards all stakeholders, especially those who are

disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalised.

PRINCIPLE 5

Businesses should respect and promote human rights.

PRINCIPLE 6

Businesses should respect, protect and make efforts to restore the environment.

PRINCIPLE 7

Businesses when engaged in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible manner

PRINCIPLE 8

Businesses should support inclusive growth and equitable development.

PRINCIPLE 9

Businesses should engage with and provide value to their customers and consumers in a responsible manner

a)

Details of compliance (Reply in Y/N)

Ethics,

Transpar-

ency and

Accounta-

bility

Product

Life

Cycle*

Employee

Wellbeing

Stakeholder

Engagement

Stakeholder

Engagement

Human

Rights

Environ-

ment*

Public

and

Regula-

tory

Policy

Inclusive

Growth

Customers

and

Consumers

Sl.

No.

Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

1

Do you have a policy/policies for...

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

2

Has the policy been formulated

in consultation with the relevant

stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

3

Does the policy conform to any national/

international standards? If yes, specify?

Y

N.A.

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

4

Has the policy been approved by the

Board? If yes, has it been signed by

MD/owner/ CEO/appropriate Board

Director?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

5

Does the Company have a specified

committee of the Board/ Director/

Official to oversee the implementation

of the policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

6

Indicate the link for the policy to be

viewed online?

Y1

Y1

Y1

Y1

Y1

Y1

Y1

Y1

Y1

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

183

182

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 106655W

M. M. Chitale

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Partner

Membership No: 14054

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Standalone Balance Sheet

as at 31st March, 2022

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31st March, 2022

Rs. in crores

Particulars

Note

Year ended

31st March, 2022

Year ended

31st March, 2021

Revenue from operations

i)

Interest income

24

9,475.61

10,266.95

ii)

Dividend income

-

0.02

iii) Rental income

26.31

17.11

iv) Fees and commission income

25

105.29

70.73

v)

Net gain on fair value changes

26

50.76

101.30

I

Total revenue from operations

9,657.97

10,456.11

II

Other income

27

60.83

60.70

III Total income (I+II)

9,718.80

10,516.81

Expenses

i)

Finance costs

28

3,920.18

4,733.19

ii)

Fees and commission expense

44.91

31.14

iii) Impairment on financial instruments

29

2,368.30

3,734.82

iv) Employee benefits expenses

30

1,171.40

1,015.23

v)

Depreciation, amortisation and impairment

31

126.83

125.88

vi) Others expenses

32

730.27

460.22

IV Total expenses

8,361.89

10,100.48

V

Profit before exceptional items and tax (III-IV)

1,356.91

416.33

VI Exceptional items

33

-

6.10

VII Profit before tax (V+VI)

1,356.91

422.43

VIII Tax expense :

10 (ii)

(i) Current tax

348.16

434.80

(ii) Deferred tax

20.00

(347.52)

368.16

87.28

IX Profit for the year (VII-VIII)

988.75

335.15

X

Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)

(A) (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

-

Remeasurement gain / (loss) on defined benefit plans

(3.10)

(2.82)

-

Net gain / (loss) on equity instruments through OCI

26.01

(4.56)

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

10 (iii)

(5.77)

1.86

Subtotal (A)

17.14

(5.52)

(B) (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

-

Net gain / (loss) on debt instruments through OCI

0.70

(92.82)

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

10 (iii)

(0.18)

23.36

Subtotal (B)

0.52

(69.46)

Other Comprehensive Income (A+B)

17.67

(74.98)

XI Total Comprehensive Income for the year (IX+X)

1,006.42

260.17

XII Earnings per equity share (face value Rs. 2/- per equity share)

34

Basic (Rupees)

8.02

3.03

Diluted (Rupees)

8.01

3.02

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone financial statements.

1 to 64

In terms of our report attached.

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells

Chartered Accountants

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Firm’s Registration No: 117365W

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Rupen K. Bhatt

Dr. Anish Shah

Ramesh Iyer

Partner

Membership No: 046930

Chairman

[DIN: 02719429]

Vice-Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 106655W

M. M. Chitale

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Partner

Membership No: 14054

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

207

206

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 106655W

M. M. Chitale

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Partner

Membership No: 14054

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

209

208

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Letter of Offer’.

The fresh allotment of equity shares through Rights Issue as stated above had resulted in an increase of equity share capital by

Rs. 123.55 crores and securities premium reserve by Rs. 2,965.27 crores.

The share issue expenses of Rs. 8.54 crores had been adjusted against securities premium reserve as per the accounting policy.

Increase in the Authorised Share Capital of the Company :

In view of Rights Issue and pursuant to the consent accorded by passing Special Resolutions by the Shareholders of Mahindra &

Mahindra Financial Services Limited at the Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) held on Tuesday, 30 June, 2020, the Authorised

share capital of the Company had been increased from Rs. 190.00 crores divided into 70,00,00,000 (Seventy crores) equity

shares of Rs. 2 (Rupees Two) each of the Company and 50,00,00,000 (Fifty crores) Redeemable Preference shares of Rs. 100

(Rupees hundred) each of the Company to Rs. 550.00 crores divided into 250,00,00,000 (Two hundred fifty crores) equity ehares

of Rs. 2 (Rupees two) each of the Company and 50,00,00,000 (Fifty crores) Redeemable Preference shares of Rs. 100 (Rupees

hundred) each of the Company.

Note : 40

Transactions in the nature of change in ownership in other entities

Transactions pertaining to current year ended 31st March, 2022:

i)

Pursuant to the Share Subscription, Share Purchase and Shareholders’ Agreement dated 20 August, 2019 with Ideal Finance

Limited, Sri Lanka (“Ideal Finance”) and its existing shareholders for investment of the third and final tranche for acquisition of

shares of Ideal Finance from its existing shareholders, the Company has completed the acquisition of the balance 20% of the

Equity Share Capital aggregating 2,91,29,032 Equity Shares of Ideal Finance from its existing shareholders for Rs. 33.97 crores

on 8 July 2021, resulting in an increase in the Company’s stake in Ideal Finance from 38.20% to 58.20% with a cumulative

investment of Rs. 77.97 crores. Consequent to this investment, Ideal Finance has become a Subsidiary of the Company effective

8 July, 2021 and the name has been changed to Mahindra Ideal Finance Limited.

Transactions pertaining to previous year ended 31st March, 2021:

ii)

The Company, on 21 June 2019, along with Mahindra Asset Management Company Private Limited (‘MAMCPL’) and

Mahindra Trustee Company Private Limited (‘MTCPL’), then wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, had entered in to a

share subscription agreement and shareholders’ agreement to form a 51:49 Joint Venture with Manulife Asset Management

(Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (‘Manulife’).

The transaction was settled on 29 April 2020 in accordance with share subscription and shareholders’ agreements to

acquire a 49% stake in MAMCPL and MTCPL by Manulife. Accordingly, Manulife has made a fresh equity investment infusion

aggregating to US $ 35.00 million to acquire 42% of the share capital of MAMCPL & MTCPL. The said agreements have also

provided for sale of certain number of equity shares of MAMCPL by MMFSL at an agreed valuation within the overall stake

divestment of 49% to Manulife. Accordingly, under the sale transaction, 1,47,00,000 equity shares of MAMCPL, equivalent to

7% of the fully paid up equity share capital of MAMCPL, for a consideration of Rs. 20.80 crores (equivalent to USD 2.73 million),

have been transferred in dematerialised form to Manulife. On this sale transaction, the Company recognised a pre-tax profit of

Rs. 6.10 crores on a standalone basis and the same has been disclosed as exceptional item in the statement of profit and loss

for the year ended 31st March, 2021.

Consequent to the above, the shareholding of the Company in MAMCPL and MTCPL has come down from 100% to 51% of

the fully paid up equity share capital. The erstwhile names of MAMCPL and MTCPL have been changed to Mahindra Manulife

Investment Management Private Limited (MMIMPL) and Mahindra Manulife Trustee Private Limited (MMTPL), respectively.

Note : 41

Capital management

The Reserve Bank of India vide its circular reference RBI/2019-20/170 DOR (NBFC).CC.PD.No.109/22.10.106/2019-20 dated

13 March 2020 outlined the regulatory guidance in relation to Ind AS financial statements from financial year 2019-20 onwards.

This included guidance for computation of ‘owned funds’ , ‘net owned funds’ and ‘regulatory capital’. Accordingly, effective from the

financial year ended 31st March, 2020, the ‘regulatory capital’ has been computed in accordance with these requirements read with

the requirements of the Master Direction DNBR. PD. 008/03.10.119/2016-17 dated September 01, 2016 (as amended).

‘The Company’s capital management strategy is to effectively determine, raise and deploy capital so as to create value for its

shareholders. The same is done through a mix of either equity and/or convertible and/or combination of short term /long term debt

as may be appropriate.

The Company determines the amount of capital required on the basis of operations, capital expenditure and strategic investment

plans. The capital structure is monitored on the basis of net debt to equity and maturity profile of overall debt portfolio.

The Company is subject to the capital adequacy requirements of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). Under RBI’s capital adequacy

guidelines, the Company is required to maintain a capital adequacy ratio consisting of Tier I and Tier II Capital. The total of Tier II

Capital at any point of time, shall not exceed 100 percent of Tier I Capital. The minimum capital ratio as prescribed by RBI guidelines

and applicable to the Company, consisting of Tier I and Tier II capital, shall not be less than 15 percent of its aggregate risk weighted

assets on-balance sheet and of risk adjusted value of off-balance sheet.

The Company has complied with all regulatory requirements related capital and capital adequacy ratios as prescribed by RBI.

Regulatory capital

Rs. in crores

As at

31st March, 2022

As at

31st March, 2021

Tier - I capital

13,694.10

12,653.79

Tier - II capital

1,982.55

2,141.99

Total Capital

15,676.65

14,795.78

Aggregate of Risk Weighted Assets

56,482.56

56,944.01

Tier - I capital ratio

24.30%

22.20%

Total Capital ratio

27.80%

26.00%

“Tier I Capital” means owned fund as reduced by investment in shares of other non-banking financial companies and in shares,

debentures, bonds, outstanding loans and advances including hire purchase and lease finance made to and deposits with subsidiaries

and companies in the same group exceeding, in aggregate, ten per cent of the owned fund.:

letter dated 19 April 2021, the Company has put in place a Board approved policy to refund/ adjust the

‘interest on interest’ charged to borrowers during the moratorium period .i.e. 01 March 2020 to 31 August 2020. The

Company had estimated the said amount and made a provision of Rs. 31.75 crores in the financial statements for the year

ended 31st March, 2021.

(iii) In accordance with the regulatory expectation of the Reserve Bank of India to bring down the net NPA ratio below 4%,

which management had agreed with, the Company, had recorded an additional provision of Rs. 1,320 crores on Stage 3

loans during the year ended 31st March, 2021. Resultantly, the net NPA ratio of the Company stood at 3.97 % as at 31st

March, 2021.

The Company’s net NPA (net Stage-3 assets) ratio stood at 3.36% as at 31st March, 2022 which is in line with regulatory

expectation of the RBI.

(iv) Definition of default

The Company considers a financial asset to be in “default” and therefore Stage 3 (credit impaired) for ECL calculations

when the borrower account becomes 90 days past due on its contractual payments except for personal loans, where the

Company has an early recognition norm of classification in to stage 3 on the basis of overdue more than 30 days past due.

(v)

Exposure at default

“Exposure at Default” (EAD) represents the gross carrying amount of the assets subject to impairment calculation. Future

Expected Cash flows (Principal and Interest) for future years has been used as exposure for Stage 2.

(vi) Estimations and assumptions considered in the ECL model

The Company has made the following assumptions in the ECL Model:

a.

“Loss given default” (LGD) is common for all three Stages and is based on loss in past portfolio. Actual cash flows on

the past portfolio are discounted at portfolio EIR rate for arriving loss rate.

b.

“Probability of Default” (PD) is applied on Stage 1 and Stage 2 on portfolio basis and for Stage 3 PD at 100%. This is

calculated as an average of the last 60 months yearly movement of default rates and future adjustment for macro-

economic factor.

(vii) Measurement of ECL

ECL is measured as follows:

• financial assets that are not credit impaired at the reporting date: for Stage 1, gross exposure is multiplied by PD and LGD

percentage to arrive at the ECL. For Stage 2, future Expected Cash flows (Principal and Interest) for respective future years is

multiplied by respective years Marginal PDs and LGD percentage and thus arrived ECL is then discounted with the respective

loan EIR to calculate the present value of ECL. In addition, in case of Bills discounting and Channel finance, as the average

lifetime is of 90 days, a time to maturity factor of 0.25 is used in the ECL computation.

• financial assets that are credit impaired at the reporting date: the difference between the gross exposure at reporting date

and computed carrying amount considering EAD net of LGD and actual cash flows till reporting date;

• undrawn loan commitments: as the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that are due to the

Company if the commitment is drawn down and the cash flows that the Company expects to receive.

(viii) Forward Looking Information

Historical PDs has been converted into forward looking PD which incorporates the forward looking economic outlook.

Considering that major chunk of borrowers in the retail portfolio is from rural area, Agriculture (real change % p.a.) is used

as a macroeconomic variable. Agriculture (real change % p.a.) stands for Percentage change in real agricultural value-

added, including livestock, forestry and fishing, over previous year). In case of SME and Bills Discounting portfolio, Real GDP

(% change p.a.) is used as the macroeconomic variable.

The macroeconomic variables considered by the Company are robust reflections of the state of economy which result into

systematic risk for the respective portfolio segments.

Additionally, three different scenarios have been considered for ECL calculation. Along with the actual numbers (considered

for Base case scenario), other scenarios take care of the worsening as well as improving forward looking economic

outlook. As at 31st March, 2021, the probability assigned to base case scenario assumptions have been updated to reflect

the rapidly evolving situation with respect to COVID-19. This includes an assessment of the effectiveness of stimulus

packages announced by government and regulatory measures imparted by RBI. These are considered in determining the

length and severity of the forecast economic downturn. The Company’s base case economic forecast scenarios reflects

a deterioration in economic conditions in the first quarter with a gradual improvement thereafter. In addition to the base

case forecast which reflects largely the negative economic consequences of COVID-19, greater weighting has been

applied to the downside scenarios given the Company’s assessment of downside risks.

During the current year, the Company has continued with the similar probability weightage as considered for previous year

ended 31st March, 2021.

(ix) Assessment of significant increase in credit risk

When determining whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Company considers both

quantitative and qualitative information and analysis based on the Company’s historical experience, including forward-

looking information. The Company considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without

undue cost and effort. The Company’s accounting policy is not to use the practical expedient that the financial assets

with ‘low’ credit risk at the reporting date are deemed not to have had a significant increase in credit risk. As a result the

Company monitors all financial assets and loan commitments that are subject to impairment for significant increase in

credit risk.

Based on the assessment by the Company, the RBI resolution framework in current year and moratorium relaxation

offered in the previous year to the borrowers recognising the potential detrimental impact of COVID-19 has not been

deemed to be automatically triggering significant increase in credit risk. The Company continued to recognise interest

income during the current and previous year on such cases and in the absence of other credit risk indicators, the granting

of a stress resolution framework and moratorium period did not result in accounts becoming past due and automatically

triggering Stage 2 or Stage 3 classification criteria.

As a part of the qualitative assessment of whether a customer is in default, the Company also considers a variety of

instances that may indicate unlikeliness to pay. In such instances, the Company treats the customer at default and

therefore assesses such loans as Stage 3 for ECL calculations, following are such instances:

• A Stage 3 customer having other loans which are in Stage 1 or 2.

• Customers who have failed to pay their first EMI.

• Physical verification status of the repossessed asset related to the loan.

• Cases where Company suspects fraud and legal proceedings are initiated.:

Managing Director)

Gross Salary including perquisites

4.47

4.69

Commission

1.28

1.28

Stock Option

1.45

0.90

Others - Contribution to Funds

0.33

0.31

7.53

7.18

Mr. Amit Raje (Whole-time Director & Chief Operating Officer

- Digital Finance - Digital Business Unit)

(w.e.f. 1 April 2021)

Gross Salary including perquisites

2.79

-

Commission

-

-

Stock Option

0.70

-

Others - Contribution to Funds

0.09

-

3.58

-

Mr. Dhananjay Mungale (Independent Director)

Commission

0.32

0.28

Other benefits

0.17

0.13

0.49

0.41

Ms. Rama Bijapurkar (Independent Director)

Commission

0.25

0.21

Other benefits

0.12

0.10

0.37

0.31

Mr. C.B. Bhave (Independent Director)

Commission

0.25

0.21

Other benefits

0.16

0.12

0.41

0.33

Mr. Milind Sarwate (Independent Director)

Commission

0.25

0.21

Other benefits

0.17

0.13

0.42

0.34

Dr. Rebecca Nugent

(Appointed w.e.f. 5 March 2021)

Commission

0.02

-

Other benefits

0.07

0.01

0.09

0.01

iv)

Disclosure required under Section 186 (4) of the Companies Act, 2013

As at 31st March, 2022

Rs. in crores

Particulars

Relationship

Balance as on 1st

April 2021

Advances /

investments

Repayments/ sale

Balance as on 31st

March, 2022

(A) Loans and advances

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(B) Unsecured redeemable non-

convertible subordinate debentures

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(C) Investments:

Mahindra Insurance Brokers Limited

Subsidiary

0.45

-

-

0.45

Mahindra Rural Housing Finance

Limited

Subsidiary

799.30

-

-

799.30

Mahindra Manulife Investment

Management Private Limited

Joint Venture

195.30

-

-

195.30

Mahindra Manulife Trustee Private

Limited

Joint Venture

0.50

-

-

0.50

Mahindra Finance CSR Foundation

Wholly owned

Subsidiary

0.00

-

-

0.00

Mahindra Finance USA, LLC

Joint Venture

210.55

-

-

210.55

Mahindra Ideal Finance Limited, Sri

Lanka (considered as Subsidiary w.e.f.

8 July 2021)

New Democratic Electoral Trust

Fellow subsidiary

0.02

-

-

0.02

1,259.62

33.97

-

1,293.59

Total

1,259.62

33.97

-

1,293.59

As at 31st March, 2021

Rs. in crores

Particulars

Relationship

Balance as on 1

April 2020

Advances /

investments

Repayments/

sale

Balance as on 31st

March, 2021

(A) Loans and advances

Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited

Subsidiary

-

-

-

-

Mahindra Retail Private Limited

Fellow subsidiary

-

-

-

-

2 x 2 Logistics Private Limited

Fellow subsidiary

-

-

-

-

Smartshift Logistics Solutions Private

Limited (refer note no. (iii))

Fellow Associate

18.63

-

18.63

-

18.63

-

18.63

-

(B) Unsecured Redeemable Non

Convertible Subordinate Debentures

-

-

-

-

(C) Investments

Mahindra Insurance Brokers Limited

Subsidiary

0.45

-

-

0.45

Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited

Subsidiary

799.30

-

-

799.30

Mahindra Manulife Investment

Management Private Limited (w.e.f. 30

April 2020) (Formarly known as Mahindra

Asset Management Company Private

Limited. (up to 29 April 2020))

Joint Venture

210.00

-

14.70

195.30

Mahindra Manulife Trustee Private

Limited (w.e.f. 30 April 2020)

Joint Venture

0.50

-

-

0.50:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 106655W

M. M. Chitale

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Partner

Membership No: 14054

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Date: 2nd May, 2022:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No. 106655W

M. M. Chitale

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Partner

Membership No. 14054

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31st March, 2022

Rs. in crores

Particulars

Note

Year ended

31st March, 2022

Year ended

31st March, 2021

Revenue from operations

i)

Interest income

24

10,858.08

11,703.79

ii)

Dividend income

0.02

0.12

iii) Rental income

26.31

17.11

iv) Fees and commission Income

25

109.88

75.59

v)

Net gain on fair value changes

26

51.34

110.95

vi) Sale of services

27

271.94

203.61

I

Total Revenue from operations

11,317.57

12,111.17

II

Other income

28

82.94

59.33

III Total income (I+II)

11,400.51

12,170.50

Expenses

i)

Finance costs

29

4,417.37

5,307.57

ii)

Fees and commission expense

156.11

104.80

iii) Impairment on financial instruments

30

2,690.38

3,998.74

iv) Employee benefits expenses

31

1,613.12

1,384.01

v)

Depreciation, amortisation and impairment

32

151.99

150.51

vi) Others expenses

33

887.71

558.81

IV Total expenses

9,916.68

11,504.44

V

Profit before exceptional items, share of profit of associate and joint venture and

tax (III-IV)

1,483.83

666.06

VI Exceptional items

34

20.57

228.54

VII Share of Profit of Associate and Joint Venture

45.02

39.54

VIII Profit before tax (V + VI + VII)

1,549.42

934.14

IX Tax expense:

10 (ii)

i)

Current tax

411.38

494.72

ii)

Deferred tax

(12.30)

(340.86)

399.08

153.86

X

Profit for the year (VIII-IX)

1,150.34

780.28

Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)

(A) (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

-

Remeasurement gain/(loss) on defined benefit plans

(4.13)

(2.36)

-

Net gain/(loss) on equity instruments through OCI

26.01

(4.56)

-

Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of equity accounted investees

(0.07)

-

(ii) Income tax impact thereon

10 (iii)

(5.50)

1.82

Subtotal (A)

16.31

(5.10)

(B) (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

-

Exchange differences in translating the financial statements of foreign operations

(27.39)

(15.27)

-

Net gain/(loss) on debt instruments through OCI

(0.16)

(92.82)

-

Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of equity accounted investees

16.57

-

(ii) Income tax impact thereon

10 (iii)

0.04

23.36

Subtotal (B)

(10.94)

(84.73)

XI Other Comprehensive Income (A + B)

5.37

(89.83)

XII Total Comprehensive Income for the year (X + XI)

1,155.71

690.45

Profit for the year attributable to:

Owners of the Company

1,136.87

773.21

Non-controlling interests

13.47

7.07

1,150.34

780.28

Other Comprehensive Income for the year attributable to:

Owners of the Company

18.23

(89.89)

Non-controlling interests

(12.86)

0.06

5.37

(89.83)

Total Comprehensive Income for the year attributable to:

Owners of the Company

1,155.10

683.32

Non-controlling interests

0.61

7.13

1,155.71

690.45

XIII Earnings per equity share (Face value Rs. 2/- per equity share)

35

Basic (Rupees)

9.23

6.99

Diluted (Rupees)

9.21

6.98

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

1 to 60

In terms of our report attached.

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells

Chartered Accountants

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Firm’s Registration No. 117365W

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Rupen K. Bhatt

Dr. Anish Shah

Ramesh Iyer

Partner

Membership No. 046930

Chairman

[DIN: 02719429]

Vice-Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No. 106655W

M. M. Chitale

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Partner

Membership No. 14054

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

329

328

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No. 106655W

M. M. Chitale

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Partner

Membership No. 14054

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

331

330

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Letter of Offer’.

The fresh allotment of equity shares through Rights Issue as stated above has resulted in an increase of equity share capital by

Rs. 123.55 crores and securities premium reserve by Rs. 2,965.27 crores.

The share issue expenses of Rs. 8.58 crores been adjusted against securities premium reserve as per the accounting policy.

Increase in the Authorised Share Capital of the Company :

In view of Rights Issue and pursuant to the consent accorded by passing Special Resolutions by the Shareholders of Mahindra &

Mahindra Financial Services Limited at the Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) held on Tuesday, 30th June, 2020, the Authorised

Share Capital of the Company has been increased from Rs. 190.00 crores divided into 70,00,00,000 (Seventy crores) Equity

Shares of Rs. 2 (Rupees Two) each of the Company and 50,00,000 (Fifty crores) Redeemable Preference Shares of Rs. 100 (Rupees

Hundred) each of the Company to Rs. 550.00 crores divided into 250,00,00,000 (Two Hundred Fifty crores) Equity Shares of Rs. 2

(Rupees Two) each of the Company and 50,00,000 (Fifty crores) Redeemable Preference Shares of Rs. 100 (Rupees Hundred) each

of the Company.

Note : 41

Transactions in the nature of change in ownership in other entities

Transactions pertaining to current year ended 31st March, 2022:

i)

Pursuant to the Share Subscription, Share Purchase and Shareholders’ Agreement dated 20th August, 2019 with Ideal Finance

Limited, Sri Lanka (“Ideal Finance”) and its existing shareholders for investment of the third and final tranche for acquisition of

shares of Ideal Finance from its existing shareholders, the Company has completed the acquisition of the balance 20% of the

Equity Share Capital aggregating 2,91,29,032 Equity Shares of Ideal Finance from its existing shareholders for Rs. 33.97 crores

on 8th July, 2021, resulting in an increase in the Company’s stake in Ideal Finance from 38.20% to 58.20% with a cumulative

investment of Rs. 77.97 crores. Consequent to this investment, Ideal Finance has become a Subsidiary of the Company effective

8th July, 2021 and the name has been changed to Mahindra Ideal Finance Limited.

Based on the fair valuation of Ideal Finance and in accordance with applicable Accounting Standard, a capital gain of Rs.

20.57 crores has been recognised as an exceptional item in the Consolidated Statement of profit and loss for the year ended

31st March, 2022 along with recognition of Goodwill of Rs. 43.40 crores and Non-controlling interest of Rs. 39.88 crores in the

Consolidated Balance sheet.

Transactions pertaining to previous year ended 31st March, 2021:

ii)

The Company, on 21st June, 2019, along with Mahindra Asset Management Company Private Limited (MAMCPL) and

Mahindra Trustee Company Private Limited (MTCPL), then wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, had entered in to a

share subscription agreement and shareholders’ agreement to form a 51:49 Joint Venture with Manulife Asset Management

(Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Manulife).

The transaction was settled on 29 April 2020 in accordance with share subscription and shareholders’ agreements to

acquire a 49% stake in MIAMCPL and MTCPL by Manulife. Accordingly, Manulife has made a fresh equity investment infusion

aggregating to US $ 35.00 million to acquire 42% of the share capital of MAMCPL & MTCPL. The said agreements have also

provided for sale of certain number of equity shares of MAMCPL by MMFSL at an agreed valuation within the overall stake

divestment of 49% to Manulife. Accordingly, under the sale transaction, 1,47,00,000 equity shares of MAMCPL, equivalent

to 7% of the fully paid up equity share capital of MAMCPL, for a consideration of Rs. 2,080.10 crores (equivalent to USD 2.73

million), have been transferred in dematerialised form to Manulife.

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

377

376

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

letter dated 19th April, 2021, the respective companies in the Group has put in place a Board approved policy

to refund/ adjust the ‘interest on interest’ charged to borrowers during the moratorium period .i.e. 1st March, 2020 to

31st August, 2020. The Parent and its subsidiary in the housing finance business had estimated the said amount and made a

provision of Rs. 31.84 crores in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2021.

(iii) The Parent’s net NPA (net Stage-3 assets) ratio stood at 3.36% as at 31st March, 2022 which is in line with regulatory

expectation of the RBI.

(iv) Definition of default

The Group considers a financial asset to be in “default” and therefore Stage 3 (credit impaired) for ECL calculations when the

borrower becomes 90 days past due on its contractual payments except for personal loans, where the Company has an early

recognition norm of classification in to stage 3 on the basis of overdue more than 30 days past due.

(v)

Exposure at default

“Exposure at Default” (EAD) represents the gross carrying amount of the assets subject to impairment calculation. Future

Expected Cash flows (Principal and Interest) for future years has been used as exposure for Stage 2.

(vi) Estimations and assumptions considered in ECL model

The Group has made the following assumptions in the ECL Model:

a)

“Loss given default” (LGD) is common for all three Stages and is based on loss in past portfolio. Actual cash flows are

discounted at loan EIR rate for arriving loss rate.

b)

“Probability of Default” (PD) is applied on Stage 1 and Stage 2 on portfolio basis and for Stage 3 PD at 100%. This is

calculated as an average of the last 60 months yearly movement of default rates and future adjustment for macro

economic factor.

(vii) Measurement of ECL

ECL is measured as follows:

• financial assets that are not credit impaired at the reporting date: for Stage 1, gross exposure is multiplied by PD and LGD

percentage to arrive at the ECL. For Stage 2, future Expected Cash flows (Principal and Interest) for respective future years is

multiplied by respective years Marginal PDs and LGD percentage and thus arrived ECL is then discounted with the respective

loan EIR to calculate the present value of ECL. In addition, in case of Bills discounting and Channel finance, as the average

lifetime is of 90 days, a time to maturity factor of 0.25 is used in the ECL computation.

• financial assets that are credit impaired at the reporting date: the difference between the gross exposure at reporting date

and computed carrying amount considering EAD net of LGD and actual cash flows till reporting date;

• undrawn loan commitments: as the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that are due to the

respective businesses of the Group if the commitment is drawn down and the cash flows that the respective businesses of

the Group expects to receive.

(viii) Forward Looking Information

Historical PDs has been converted into forward-looking PD which incorporates the forward-looking economic outlook.

Considering that major chunk of borrowers in the retail and residential finance portfolio is from rural area, Agriculture (real

change % p.a.) is used as a macroeconomic variable. Agriculture (real change % p.a.) stands for Percentage change in real

agricultural value-added, including livestock, forestry and fishing, over previous year. In case of SME and Bills Discounting

portfolio, Real GDP (% change p.a.) is used as the macroeconomic variable.

The macroeconomic variables considered by the Group are robust reflections of the state of economy which result into

systematic risk for the respective portfolio segments.

Additionally, three different scenarios have been considered for ECL calculation. Along with the actual numbers (considered

for Base case scenario), other scenarios take care of the worsening as well as improving forward looking economic outlook.

As at 31st March, 2021, the probability assigned to base case scenario assumptions have been updated to reflect the rapidly

evolving situation with respect to COVID-19. This includes an assessment of the effectiveness of stimulus packages announced

by Government and regulatory measures imparted by RBI. These are considered in determining the length and severity of

the forecast economic downturn. The Group’s base case economic forecast scenarios reflects a deterioration in economic

conditions in the first quarter with a gradual improvement thereafter. In addition to the base case forecast which reflects

largely the negative economic consequences of COVID-19, greater weighting has been applied to the downside scenarios given

the Group’s assessment of downside risks.

During the current year, the Group has continued with the similar probability weightage as considered for previous year ended

31st March, 2021.

(ix) Assessment of significant increase in credit risk

When determining whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group considers both

quantitative and qualitative information and analysis based on the Group’s historical experience, including forward-looking

information. The Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost

and effort. The Group’s accounting policy is not to use the practical expedient that the financial assets with ‘low’ credit risk at

the reporting date are deemed not to have had a significant increase in credit risk. As a result the Group monitors all financial

assets and loan commitments that are subject to impairment for significant increase in credit risk.

Based on the assessment by the Group, the RBI moratorium relaxation offered to the customers recognising the potential

detrimental impact of COVID-19 has not been deemed to be automatically triggering significant increase in credit risk. The

Group continues to recognise interest income during the moratorium period and in the absence of other credit risk indicators,

the granting of a moratorium period does not result in accounts becoming past due and automatically triggering Stage 2 or

Stage 3 classification criteria.

As a part of the qualitative assessment of whether a customer is in default, the Group also considers a variety of instances that

may indicate unlikeliness to pay. In such instances, the Group treats the customer at default and therefore assesses such loans

as Stage 3 for ECL calculations, following are such instances:

• A Stage 3 customer having other loans which are in Stage 1 or 2.

• Customers who have failed to pay their first EMI.

• Physical verification status of the repossessed asset related to the loan.

• Cases where Group suspects fraud and legal proceedings are initiated.

Further, the Group classifies certain category of exposures in to Stage 3 and makes accelerated provision up to 100% based on

qualitative assessment implying the significant deterioration in asset quality or increase in credit risk on selective basis.

(x)

Policy for write off of Loan Assets

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off when there is no realistic prospect of further recovery. This is

generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate

sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write- off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be

subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate.

Any recoveries made from written off assets are netted off against the amount of financial assets written off during the year

under “Bad debts and write-offs” forming part of “Impairment on financial instruments” in Statement of profit and loss.

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

389

388

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director)

Gross Salary including perquisites

4.47

4.69

Commission

1.28

1.28

Stock Option

1.45

0.90

Others – Contribution to Funds

0.33

0.31

7.53

7.18

Mr. Amit Raje (Whole-time Director & Chief Operating Officer

- Digital Finance - Digital Business Unit)

(w.e.f.1st April, 2021)

Gross Salary including perquisites

2.79

-

Commission

-

-

Stock Option

0.70

-

Others – Contribution to Funds

0.09

-

3.58

-

Mr. Dhananjay Mungale (Independent Director)

Commission

0.32

0.28

Other benefits

0.17

0.13

0.49

0.41

Ms. Rama Bijapurkar (Independent Director)

Commission

0.25

0.21

Other benefits

0.12

0.10

0.37

0.31

Rs. in crores

Name of the KMP

Nature of transactions

31st March, 2022

31st March, 2021

Mr. C. B. Bhave (Independent Director)

Commission

0.25

0.21

Other benefits

0.16

0.12

0.41

0.33

Mr. Milind Sarwate (Independent Director)

Commission

0.25

0.21

Other benefits

0.17

0.13

0.42

0.34

Dr. Rebecca Nugent

(Appointed w.e.f. 5th March, 2021)

Commission

0.02

-

Other benefits

0.07

0.01

0.09

0.01

Note : 54

Disclosure of interest in Subsidiaries and interest of Non-Controlling Interest :

a)

Details of Group’s subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

Name of the Subsidiary

Place of Incorporation

and Place of Operation

Proportion of Ownership

Interest/Voting power

2022

2021

Mahindra Insurance Brokers Limited (MIBL)

India

80.00%

80.00%

Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited (MRHFL)

India

99.25%

99.42%

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited Employees Stock Option Trust

India

100.00%

100.00%

Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited Employee Welfare Trust

India

100.00%

100.00%

Mahindra Finance CSR Foundation

India

100.00%

100.00%

Mahindra Ideal Finance Ltd. #

Sri Lanka

58.20%

38.20%

b)

Details of Group’s associate/joint venture at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

Name of the Associate/Joint Venture

Place of Incorporation

and Place of Operation

Proportion of Ownership

Interest/Voting power

2022

2021

Mahindra Manulife Investment Management Private Limited (Joint Venture)

India

51.00%

51.00%

Mahindra Manulife Trustee Company Private Limited (Joint Venture)

India

51.00%

51.00%

Mahindra Finance USA, LLC (Associate)

USA

49.00%

49.00%

# Pursuant to the Share Subscription, Share Purchase and Shareholders’ Agreement dated 20th August, 2019 with Ideal Finance

Limited, Sri Lanka (“Ideal Finance”) and its existing shareholders for investment of the third and final tranche for acquisition of shares

of Ideal Finance from its existing shareholders, the Company has completed the acquisition of the balance 20% of the Equity Share

Capital aggregating 2,91,29,032 Equity Shares of Ideal Finance from its existing shareholders for Rs. 33.97 crores on 8th July,

2021, resulting in an increase in the Company’s stake in Ideal Finance from 38.20% to 58.20%. Consequent to this investment, Ideal

Finance has become a Subsidiary of the Company effective 8th July, 2021.

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

415

414

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No. 106655W

M. M. Chitale

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Partner

Membership No. 14054

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Ready to grow

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021-22

419

418

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

Place: Mumbai

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Date: 2nd May, 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Part “B” : Details of Associates / Joint Ventures [as per section 2(6) of the Companies Act, 2013]

Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures

(Rs. in crores)

Name of Associate / Joint Venture

Mahindra Finance

USA, LLC

Mahindra Manulife

Investment

Management

Pvt. Ltd.

Mahindra Manulife

Trustee Company

Pvt. Ltd.

1. Latest audited Balance Sheet Date

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2022

2. Shares of Associate/Joint Ventures held by the company on the year end

Number of shares held

35583920

195300000

500000

Cost of Investment in Associates/Joint Venture (Rs in crores)

210.55

195.30

0.50

Proportion of ownership interest %

49.00

51.00

51.00

3. Description of how there is significant influence

Power to influence

decisions

Power to influence

decisions

Power to influence

decisions

4. Reason why the associate/joint venture is not consolidated

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

5. Networth attributable to Shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet

(Rs in crores)

612.43

125.87

0.60

6. Profit/(Loss) for the year

i.

Considered in Consolidation (Rs in crores)

63.47

(19.41)

0.12

ii.

Not Considered in Consolidation (Rs in crores)

66.07

(18.65)

0.11

For Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Dr. Anish Shah

Ramesh Iyer

Chairman

[DIN: 02719429]

Vice-Chairman &: Managing

