letter dated August 24, 2022 inter-alia, regarding convening the

Seventy Ninth {79th) Annual General Meeting ("AGM") of the Members of RBL Bank Limited ("the Bank")

on Wednesday, September 21, 2022 at 11 :30 a.m. (1ST) through Video Conferencing I Other Audio

Visual Means ("VC/ OAVM").

Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 34(1) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations"), we hereby submit the Notice

of the 79th AGM and the Integrated Annual Report including the Business Responsibility Report of the

Bank for the financial year 2021-22, which is being sent through electronic mode to the Members whose

email addresses are registered with the Bank/Depository Participant(s). However, the Bank shall

provide physical copy of the Annual Report to those Members who may request for the same.

Further, in terms of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies

(Management & Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended), the Bank has fixed Wednesday, September

14, 2022 as the cut-off date to determine the eligibility of the Members to cast their vote by remote e-

voting prior to the AGM & e-Voting during the 79th AGM scheduled to be held on Wednesday, September

21, 2022 through VC/OAVM.

The Notice of the 79th AGM and the Integrated Annual Report for the financial year 2021-22 are also

being uploaded on the website of the Bank at www.rblbank.com.

You are requested to take the same on your record.

Thanking you.

Yours faithfully,

For RBL Bank Limited

Nitl A a

Company Seer

CC:

National Securities Depository

Limited

4th floor, 'A' Wing, Trade World,

Kamala

Mills

Compound,

Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower

Parel, Mumbai - 400013.

Central Depository Services

(India) Limited

Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill

Compounds, A-Wing, 25th floor,

NM Joshi

Marg,

Lower

Parel

(East),

Mumbai - 400013.

www.rblbank.com

RBL Bank Ltd.

Link

lntime

India

Private

Limited

C-101, 247 Park, L.B.S. Marg,

Vikhroli

(West),

Mumbai -

400083.

Controlling Office : One World Centre, Tower 2B, 6th Floor, 841, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Pare!, Mumbai - 400 013, Maharashtra, India I Tel:+91 22 43020600 I Fax: +91 22 43020520

Registered Office : 1st Lane, Shahupuri, Kolhapur - 416001, India I Tel.: +91 2316650214 I Fax : +91 2312657386

CIN : L65191PN1943PLC007308 . E-mail: customercare@rblbank.com:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer (“MD & CEO”) of the Bank, not liable

to retire by rotation, for a period of three (3) years, effective

June 23, 2022 (Afternoon A/N) to June 22, 2025 at the

fixed pay of ¢ 2,74,25,142 per annum including perquisites

and on such other terms and conditions (including variable

pay) as detailed in the explanatory statement to this Notice.:

Managing Director & CEO of the Bank

subject to approval of the Reserve Bank of India and the

Members of the Bank AND THAT the remuneration to be

paid to him shall be in compliance with the applicable

regulations and necessary regulatory approvals as may

be required.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Executive Director,

Head – Human Resources, Chief Financial Officer

and Company Secretary of the Bank be and are

hereby severally/jointly authorised to execute all such

agreements, documents, instruments and writings as

deemed necessary, file requisite forms or applications

with RBI, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any other

statutory/regulatory authorities, with the power to settle

all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise, in this

regard, as he/she may in its sole and absolute discretion

deem fit and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and

things as may be considered necessary and appropriate

and to delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred

to any Director(s)/Officer(s) of the Bank, to give effect to

this resolution.”

7.

To approve the appointment of Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan

(DIN: 07537575) as Non-Executive Independent

Director of the Bank

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following

resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections

149, 152, 161 and other applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule IV of the

Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made thereunder;

applicable regulations of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations,

2015

(“SEBI

Listing

Regulations”); Section 10A of the Banking Regulation

Act, 1949 and the rules, guidelines and circulars issued

by the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) in this regard from

time to time; any other applicable laws (including any

statutory amendment(s), modification(s), variation(s) or

re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) and

Articles of Association of RBL Bank Limited (the “Bank”)

and pursuant to notice received from a Member proposing

his candidature for the office of Director under Section

160 of the Companies Act, 2013, Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan

(DIN: 07537575) who was appointed as (Additional)

Non-Executive Independent Director of the Bank by the

Board of Directors, basis the recommendations of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board

with effect from August 22, 2022 and who holds office

as such upto the date of this Annual General Meeting, be

and is hereby appointed as Non-Executive Independent

Director of the Bank, for a period of 5 (five) years i.e. from

August 22, 2022 to August 21, 2027 AND THAT he shall

not be liable to retire by rotation during the said period,

in terms of the provisions of Section 149(13) of the

Companies Act, 2013.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the: Managing

letter

dated December 24, 2021 in exercise of powers conferred

under Section 36AB of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949

as an Additional Director on the Board of the Bank for a

period of two years with effect from December 24, 2021

till December 23, 2023 or till further orders, whichever is

earlier. The brief profile and other required information with

respect to Mr. Yogesh K Dayal is enclosed with this notice.

10. Members holding shares in physical form are requested

to approach for updating or change in their bank details,

correspondence including change of address, mandates

etc. to the Registrar and Transfer Agents of the Bank

(“RTA”) viz. M/s. Link Intime India Private Limited, C-101,

247 Park, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400083

or Email at - rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in and Members

holding shares in dematerialized form should approach

their respective Depository Participants for the same.

11. Members may avail nomination facility as provided under

Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013. Members holding

shares in physical form are advised to make nomination

in respect of their shareholding with the Bank or RTA and

those holding shares in Dematerialised form are advised to

make nomination through their depository participant.

12. The Members who still hold share certificate(s) in physical

form are advised to dematerialize their shareholding to

avail the benefits of dematerialization, which includes

easy liquidity, since trading is permitted in dematerialized

form only, electronic transfer, savings in stamp duty and

elimination of any possibility of loss of documents. Further,

effective April 1, 2019 requests for effecting transfer of

securities are not being processed unless the securities are

held in a dematerialized form with a depository. SEBI vide

its circular dated January 25, 2022 has also advised listed

companies and RTA to issue shares in dematerialized:

letter etc. together with attested

specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory who are authorized to vote, to the

Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email

address viz investorgrievances@rblbank.com

(designated email address by company), if they

have voted from individual tab & not uploaded

same in the CDSL e-voting system for the

scrutinizer to verify the same.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS ATTENDING THE

AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E-VOTING DURING MEETING

ARE AS UNDER:

1.

The procedure for attending meeting & e-Voting on the day

of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above

for Remote e-voting.

2.

The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available

where the EVSN of Company will be displayed after

successful login as per the instructions mentioned above

for Remote e-voting.

3.

Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-Voting

will be eligible to attend the meeting. However, they will not

be eligible to vote at the AGM.

4.

Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops / IPads for better experience.

5.

Further shareholders will be required to allow Camera and

use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance

during the meeting.

6.

Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile

Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via

Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due

to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore

recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to

mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

7.

Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask

questions during the meeting may register themselves

as a speaker by sending their request in advance atleast

7 days prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat

account number/folio number, email id, mobile number

at investorgrievances@rblbank.com. The shareholders

who do not wish to speak during the AGM but have

queries may send their queries in advance 7 days prior to

meeting mentioning their name, demat account number/

folio number, email id, mobile number at (company email

id). These queries will be replied to by the Bank suitably by

email.

8.

Those shareholders who have registered themselves

as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/

ask questions during the meeting. The Bank reserves the

right to restrict the number of speakers depending on the

availability of time for the AGM.

9.

Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM

through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote

on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are

otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote

through e-Voting system available during the AGM.

10. If any Votes are cast by the shareholders through the

e-voting available during the AGM and if the same

shareholders have not participated in the meeting through

VC/OAVM facility, then the votes cast by such shareholders

shall be considered invalid as the facility of e-voting during

the meeting is available only to the shareholders attending

the meeting.

PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/

MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH THE COMPANY/

DEPOSITORIES.

1.

For Physical shareholders- please provide necessary

details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned

copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN

(self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR

(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) along

with Form ISR-1 (as available on the website of the

Bank), by email to investorgrievances@rblbank.com or

rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in.

2.

For Demat shareholders – Please update your email id

& mobile no. with your respective Depository Participant

(DP) which is mandatory while e-Voting & joining virtual

meetings through Depository.

If you have any queries or issues regarding attending AGM &

e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, you can write an email

to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no.

1800 22 55 33.

All grievances connected with the facility for voting by

electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi,

Sr. Manager, (CDSL,) Central Depository Services (India)

Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill

Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai -

400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com

or call on toll free no. 1800 22 55 33.:

Managing Director

& CEO, an Executive Director, Seven (7) Independent Directors,

Three (3) Non-Executive Directors and One (1) Additional

Director appointed by RBI. In the premises aforesaid, the Board

of Directors recommends that the resulting vacancy so created

on the Board be not filled.

Your Directors, therefore, recommend the Ordinary resolution,

as set forth at Item No. 3 of this Notice, for the approval of the

Members.

Except for Mr. Vijay Mahajan and his relatives, none of the

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their

relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or

otherwise, in the Resolution set out at Item No. 3 of the Notice.

Item No. 4:

To consider and appoint, M/s G.M. Kapadia & Co., Chartered

Accountants (Firm Registration No. 104767W) as one of the

Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank alongwith M/s. CNK

& Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration

No. 101961 W/W100036), who were already appointed as

Statutory Auditors of the Bank at the 78th Annual General

Meeting held on September 21, 2021

The Reserve Bank of India issued a Circular RBI/2021-22/25

Ref.No.DoS.CO.ARG/SEC.01/08.91.001/2021-22 dated April 27,

2021: Guidelines for Appointment of Statutory Central Auditors

(SCAs)/Statutory Auditors (SAs). The provisions of Clause 8 of

the said RBI Guidelines states that the Statutory Auditors shall

be appointed for a continuous period of three years, subject

to the Audit firms satisfying the eligibility norms as stipulated

therein, each year. Further, Clause 4 of the said RBI Guidelines

states that the Statutory Audit of Banks should be conducted

under joint audit with a minimum of two eligible audit firms.

The Members of the Bank at the 77th Annual General Meeting

had appointed M/s. Haribhakti & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants

(Firm Registration No. 103523W/W100048) as Statutory

Auditors for a period of two (2) years to hold office till the

conclusion of 79th Annual General Meeting. Further, pursuant to

the aforesaid RBI Circular which prescribed joint audit, the Board

had recommended and the Members of the Bank at the 78th

Annual General Meeting had appointed M/s. CNK & Associates

LLP, Chartered Accountants, (Firm Registration No. 101961 W/

W100036) as the other Joint Statutory Auditor for a period of

three (3) years to hold office till the conclusion of 81st Annual

General Meeting.

Reserve Bank of India issued a press release on October 12,

2021 vide which M/s. Haribhakti & Co LLP were debarred

from undertaking any type of audit assignments in the entities

regulated by RBI for a period of two years, effective 1 April 2022.

Accordingly, the Board at its meeting held on May 6, 2022

basis the recommendation of the Audit Committee, pursuant

to the approval received from the Reserve Bank of India and

subject to the approval of Members of the Bank, approved the

appointment of M/s G.M. Kapadia & Co., Chartered Accountants,

Mumbai, having Firm Registration Number:104767W, as the

other Joint Statutory Auditor of the Bank, to hold office as such

for a period of 3 years from the conclusion of the 79th Annual

General Meeting until the conclusion of the 82nd Annual General

Meeting, subject to the approval of the RBI every year and on

such terms and conditions, including remuneration, as may be

recommended by the Audit Committee and approved by the

Board.

Audit fees allocated between both the joint auditors for FY2021-

22 was ¢ 1.45 crore and is expected to be within reasonable

range for FY22-23. Fees for other assignment including various

certification etc would depend on the scope of work and will be

subject to recommendation of Audit Committee and approval

of the Board.

M/s. CNK & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm

Registration No. 101961 W/W100036) and M/s. GM Kapadia &

Co., (Firm Registration No. 104767W), Chartered Accountants

have confirmed their eligibility under Section 141 of Companies

Act, 2013 read with the relevant rules made thereunder and the

subject RBI Guidelines, to be appointed as the Joint Statutory

Auditors of the Bank. Further, as required under the relevant

provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (SEBI Listing Regulations) as

amended, both the Joint Statutory Auditors have also confirmed

that they had subjected themselves to the peer review process

of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and they:

letter dated April 8, 2022 has approved the

appointment of M/s. CNK & Associates, LLP and M/s. G. M.

Kapadia & Co as the Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank for

the year 2022-23 for their second and first year respectively.

In accordance with the requirement of the aforesaid RBI

Guidelines, the Bank has also framed a Board approved Policy

on appointment of Statutory Auditors.

The brief profile of M/s. G. M. Kapadia & Co, Chartered

Accountants is as given below:

M/s. G. M. Kapadia & Co, Chartered Accountants is a Chartered

Accountancy Firm registered with The Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India (ICAI) with Firm Registration No. 104767W

and they hold a valid certificate issued by the Peer Review Board

of ICAI.

M/s. G. M. Kapadia & Co, Chartered Accountants established in

1938 and providing services in the fields of audit & assurance,

tax, transaction advisory, Accounting & Compliance.

M/s. G. M. Kapadia & Co, Chartered Accountants have been

associated as Statutory Central Auditor for various banks in

India.

The brief profile of M/s. CNK & Associates LLP, Chartered

Accountants is as given below:

M/s. CNK & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants is a

Chartered Accountancy Firm registered with The Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) with Firm Registration

No. 101961 W/W100036 and they hold a valid certificate issued

by the Peer Review Board of ICAI. M/s. CNK & Associates

LLP, Chartered Accountants has been in existence for last

eight decades and has experience of more than a decade in

conducting Bank Audits.

M/s. CNK & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants have been

associated as Statutory Central Auditor for various banks in

India.

Your Directors, therefore, recommend the Ordinary resolution,

as set forth at Item No. 4 of this Notice, for the approval of the

Members.

None of the Directors or the Key Managerial Personnel of the

Bank and their relatives are in any way financially or otherwise

concerned or interested in the passing of this Ordinary

Resolution as set out at Item No. 4 of this Notice.

Item No. 5 & 6:

To approve the appointment of Mr. R Subramaniakumar

(DIN: 07825083) as Director of the Bank and to approve his

appointment and terms of remuneration as: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the Bank, as per

the norms prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India (the “RBI”),

In the opinion of the Board, Mr. R. Subramaniakumar fulfils

the conditions for the said appointment as prescribed under

the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 alongwith

the Rules made thereunder, the SEBI Listing Regulations, the

Banking Regulation, Act, 1949 and other guidelines issued by

the RBI, from time to time and that his office shall not be liable

to retire by rotation.

Mr. R Subramaniakumar possesses the requisite skills,

qualification, special knowledge and practical experience in the

areas which are beneficial to the Bank. The brief profile of Mr.

R Subramaniakumar, in terms of Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI

Listing Regulations and the Secretarial Standard on General

Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries

of India, have been provided as an Annexure to this Notice.

The Bank has also received a notice in writing under Section

160 of the Companies Act, 2013 from a Member proposing the

candidature of Mr. R. Subramaniakumar for the office of Director.

Mr. R Subramaniakumar holds 150 equity shares of the Bank as

on date of this Notice and is not related to any other Director or

Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank.

Your Directors, therefore, recommend the Ordinary resolutions,

as set forth at Item Nos. 5 and 6 of this Notice, for the approval

of the Members.

Except for Mr. R Subramaniakumar and his relatives, none of the

other Directors or the Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank and

their relatives are in any way financially or otherwise concerned

or interested in the passing of the Ordinary Resolutions as set

out at Item Nos. 5 & 6 of this Notice.

Item No. 7:

To approve the appointment of Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan (DIN:

07537575) as Non-Executive Independent Director of the

Bank

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of Board (“the

NRC”) evaluated the balance of skills, knowledge and experience

on the Board of the Bank and on the basis of such evaluation

had identified the requirement of an Independent Director with

knowledge and expertise in Information Technology.

Pursuant to the recommendations of the NRC, the Board of

Directors (the “Board”) of the Bank, approved the appointment

of Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan as (Additional) Non-Executive

Independent Director of the Bank with effect from August 22,

2022. As per the provisions of Section 161 of the Companies

Act, 2013 (the “Act”), read with the Articles of Association of

the Bank, he will hold office as (Additional) Non-Executive

Independent Director of the Bank upto the date of this Annual

General Meeting.

The Bank proposes to appoint Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan as an

Independent Director for a period of 5 (five) years i.e. from

August 22, 2022 to August 21, 2027.:

Managing Director & CEO of

Indian Overseas Bank. He scripted the base

line for turn around of IOB by enabling the

Bank to achieve highest operating profit.

He specialises in the area of Retail, MSME,

Agri, Technology, Process and Automation

apart from Mid-corporate and Commercial

Banking. He headed BPR (Business Process

Re-engineering) team at various banks and

provided new strategic directions to the

growth of the banks, where he worked. He

was an Administrator at Dewan Housing

Finance Corporation Limited (“DHFL”) a

Housing finance Company and achieved its

resolution, successfully.

He comes with strong and positive passion

for growth with controls.

Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan has been on the

faculty of the Department of Computer

Science and Engineering, IIT Bombay,

since 1991. His core research interests

are in the applications of Logic in

diverse areas of Computer Science

such as Artificial Intelligence, Software

Engineering and Network Security.

Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan is the Head

of the Centre for Formal Design and

Verification of Software (CFDVS) which

undertakes projects related to design

and verification of safety critical real-

time systems.

Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan has served as

an Independent Director on the Board of

Andhra Bank and NPCI. He is currently

Director at CCIL, NSDL, IFTAS and IIBF.

He serves on several Technical Advisory

Committees including those of RBI,

NPCI, CCIL, NSDL and SEBI.

Mr. Gopal Jain is a Managing Partner and founder

of Gaja Capital based in Mumbai, which is a leading

mid-market private equity firm in India. Mr. Gopal

Jain founded Gaja Capital in 2004 and has been

a financial services professional since 1991 with

significant experience in global capital markets,

venture capital and private equity. At Gaja Capital,

Mr. Gopal Jain leads the executive and investment

functions and has led/co-led several of firm’s

investments in financial services sector such as

Avendus Capital, Suryoday Small Finance Bank and

Kinara Capital. Currently Mr. Gopal Jain is on the

board of Avendus Capital, India’s leading investment

bank and new age financial services platform. He

also leads Gaja Gives, the philanthropic arm of the

firm. Gaja Gives supports several social initiatives

including the annual Gaja Business Book Prize.

In many of these investments Mr. Gopal Jain has been

instrumental in bringing about the transformation in

the business models of these companies including

technology interventions, mergers and acquisitions,

governance enhancements and value creation

for all stakeholders. Mr. Gopal Jain also serves

on the board of high growth companies in India’s

digital tech ecosystem including XpressBees &

LeadSquared.

Prior to founding Gaja Capital, Mr. Gopal Jain worked

from 1999 to 2004 as a country head and partner

with the View Group LP, an India-focused venture

capital firm with offices in Boston and Mumbai. The

View Group was a pioneering venture investor in

India. The firm is credited with some of the earliest

investments in technology enabled services & B2B

ecommerce. View Group also set up India’s first

venture incubator. Over the years Mr. Gopal Jain

has mentored scores of budding entrepreneurs and

corporate executives. Following his broader interest

of developing the Indian private equity and venture

capital ecosystems, Mr. Gopal Jain has been a

member of SEBI’s Alternative Investment Policy

Advisory Committee since 2018.:

Director's Report

Business Responsibility Report

Financial Statements

34

36

38

40

42

44

188

258

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2021- 22

RBL Bank is one of India’s leading private

sector banks with an expanding presence

across the country. The Bank offers

specialised services under ﬁve business

verticals namely: Corporate & Institutional

Banking, Commercial Banking, Branch &

Business Banking, Retail Assets and

Treasury and Financial Markets

Operations. RBL Bank is listed on both

NSE and BSE (RBLBANK).

Who we are

Million Customers

11.30

Branches

502

BC Branches

1,302

ATMs

417

Data as of June 30, 2022

Standalone Financial Statements

Consolidated Financial Statements

List of Branch Ofﬁces

282

356

416-427

Spotlight Pages: Our Growth Engines

146-185

Management Discussion & Analysis

Our People, Our Strength

Creating Shared Value

Our Response to COVID-19

Operating Context

Industry Megatrends

Value Creation Model

Enablers for Growth

Stakeholder Engagement

Materiality Assessment

Strategy & Governance

Corporate Governance

Risk Management Practices

ESG

GRI Mapping

54

68

70

74

78

82

84

88

92

102

112

118

126

142

32 - 45:

Dear Shareholders,

As RBL Bank's MD & CEO, I consider

it my privilege to bring to you our

Integrated Annual Report for

FY 2021-22. For the world, it is a year

that marks recovery from the impact

of the deadly pandemic and a braving

of all odds, so to speak. Our story at

RBL Bank is no different.

I am encouraged by the efforts put in

by our people and our teams to help

us ﬁnd a strong footing despite the

challenges faced. It is a matter of

pride to belong here and lead a team

of focused individuals from different

backgrounds but with similar

aspirations and an entrepreneurial

drive. This is a team that came

together over a decade ago and

transformed this Bank, creating an

institution that is committed to its

stakeholders. I would like to thank

the leadership team and my colleagues

for building a strong organisation

based on the principles of good

corporate governance, integrity and

service standards, and our

stakeholders for placing their trust

in my leadership.

With the quality and depth in the

management team at the Bank,

ﬁnancial strengths, robustness of the

platform across rural and urban India, I

have complete faith that we have

embarked on a great journey together.

These strengths of the Bank will enable

me to bring in my expertise in building

a high quality agile 'Bank of tomorrow',

with sharp focus on customers,

technology and innovation. While

rolling out our execution plans, we

will ensure that the core principle of

sustainability and competitiveness

over mid & long term will be

maintained, thereby assuring

continuous growth.

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

While rolling out our execution plans,

we will ensure that the core principle of

sustainability and competitiveness over

mid & long term will be maintained,

thereby assuring continuous growth.

MD & CEO

R Subramaniakumar

14

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2021- 22

15

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2021- 22

Leveraging our key strengths

in a resurgent market

Throughout the period under the impact

of COVID-19, we have continued to aim

at improving our efﬁciency by shoring

up our strategic performance and our

ability to collaborate.

While dealing with large-scale

challenges, we have continued to

enhance our product mix and improve

our platform of service offerings,

invested in upgrading our technology -

a clear competitive edge. Being a

growing bank with aspirations, we

continued to back new products

tailormade for speciﬁc consumer

segments, and new services and

offerings aimed at improving the

customer experience. These products

are the result of our engagement

with customers and have been built

keeping them in mind, taking their

feedback into consideration and

offering them a holistic bouquet

of products.

The digital capabilities that have been

built and the market recognition we

have received is heartening and

impressive. We have recently been

adjudged as India's Best Bank for

Digital Solutions by the prestigious

AsiaMoney Best Bank Awards, 2022.

Our emphasis continues to be on

digital to drive incremental growth

in customers and optimise

operating costs.

With this groundwork being laid, we

are ready to intensify our focus on

growth and deliver on it. We are

heading into a market that is keen for

recovery. As physical infrastructure

construction driven by government

spending picks up, making the risk-

reward attractive, the economy will

likely witness the start of private

capex cycle too over next 12 months.

With the quality and depth

in the management team

at the Bank, ﬁnancial

strengths, robustness of

the platform across rural

and urban India, I have

complete faith that we

have embarked on a great

journey together.:

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO

continue being a partner of choice for

our growing customer base in the

country as well as for the up-and-

coming businesses. The collective

leadership will help us to launch new

products tailormade for speciﬁc

consumer segments, and offer new

services aimed at improving the

customer experience.

Together, we have strengthened our

position for greater achievements

in the future. By continuing to work

together, aligned with our values,

and our customer-centric

approach, we are sure to get there.

To quote Henry Ford -

‘Coming together is beginning

Keeping together is progress

Working together is success.’

On a personal note, banking is

about relationships. My experience

of our work at RBL Bank is that, as

an organization, we understand this

very well.

To conclude, I would like to express

my gratitude to the Board and

members of the senior management

team for their trust in me; our

investors and shareholders for

showing their commitment to us;

my colleagues across our teams for

their faith in our abilities, and our

customers, for their continued

engagement, and trust in us.

We have embarked on a great journey

together and we will surely fulﬁl the

commitments made to our

stakeholders, directed by our long-

term strategy of 'Controlled Growth

with Continuity'.

Performance

Words of Thanks

customer trust in what we have to offer.

To this end, we continue to perform

consistently well.

Our talent pool is not only our source of

inspiration but also our reason for

continually investing in our efforts to

upskill and upgrade. Our learning and

development initiatives are focused on

growth and development as a futuristic

organisation. We understand that only a

truly empowered workforce can perform

to its highest potential.

We are forging industry partnerships

across the ecosystem to broadbase

our reach as well as our offerings, with

a view to ultimately having our brand

recognised pan-India. Our aim is to

Partnership

We will continue to invest in the

product suite with an aim to reach

critical size over the next 2-3 years.:

Dear Shareholders,

The last two years of the pandemic

brought most of us face-to-face

with several unprecedented

challenges. As individuals and as an

organisation, this period tested our

resilience and compelled us to reﬂect

within, to ﬁnd our most reliable

strengths to emerge stronger.

Our key strengths are our strong

business fundamentals and

technological capabilities as well

as our increasing focus and

commitment to sustainability, across

the key parameters of Environmental,

Social, and Governance.

Rajeev Ahuja

E X E C U T I V E D I R E C T O R

We are exploring new ways to create, preserve

and recover value, while in parallel, adapting

our operating models to drive efﬁciency and

acquire suppleness.

Our approach to sustainability

as key driver of our brand trust

Over the past few months, I have had

the opportunity to interact with a wide

section of our stakeholders - our

customers, our investors and

shareholders, and our partners. I have

come away highly encouraged and

gratiﬁed by the degree of support,

trust, and faith all of you have reposed

in RBL Bank through these testing

times. This trust will help us get back

on the growth path, ﬁrmly and strongly.

Our organisation is greatly beneﬁtted

by the wealth of experience and

RBL Bank 2.0

expertise that our newly appointed

MD & CEO and my esteemed colleague,

R Subramaniakumar, brings with him

as a veteran of over 40 years in the

Banking industry. I am conﬁdent that

his focused approach and outside-in

perspective will add to our well-

established capabilities and will help

us scale new heights together as an

organisation.

The Bank's leadership remains strongly

committed to our vision of long-term

growth and the sustainability of our

business. We continue to adhere to

values that inspire us; taking pride in

growing together, with continuity.

I am excited to play my part in making

RBL Bank 2.0 a success while

ultimately fulﬁlling the important needs

of our customers and the communities

that rely on us.

I am excited to play my

part in making RBL Bank 2.0

a success while ultimately

fulﬁlling the important needs

of our customers and the

communities that rely on us.

18

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2021- 22

19

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2021- 22

During FY 2021-22, we have continued to

make our operations more efﬁcient and

expansive; designed products that promote

ﬁnancial inclusion, as well as environmental

sustainability for our customers.

encourage additional women

participation in the workforce. It is

at the core of the Gender Action Plan

(GAP) at the Bank.

These initiatives have fortiﬁed the trust

in our brand which we see is an

important driver of our business

sustainability and growth. It is the wind

beneath our wings as we pursue

organisational transformation, which

we have termed as RBL Bank 2.0.:

Managing Director & CEO

Non - Independent Director

Vijay Mahajan

Non - Executive Chairman

(Independent)

Yogesh Dayal

Additional Director

Dr Sivakumar Gopalan

Additional

Independent Director

20

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2021- 22

21

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2021- 22

Gopal Jain

Additional

Non-Independent Director:

Managing Director & CEO

22

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2021- 22

23

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2021- 22

Deepak Gaddhyan

Chief Credit Ofﬁcer - Wholesale

Vijay Anandh

Chief Credit Ofﬁcer - Retail

Amrut Palan

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer:

Letter Of Credit backed Bill discounting

Bank Guarantee

Working Capital Demand Loan: Letter of Credit

Loan Against Securities (through Partner)

Affordable Housing Loan

Prime Housing Loan

Working Capital Finance

Instant Digital Loans

Personal Loan

For RBL Bank Savings Account Customers

Top-up on existing RBL Bank Personal

Loan customers

Insignia Credit Card

Icon Credit Card

Cookies Credit Card

Platinum Maxima Credit Card

Platinum Delight Credit Card

Titanium Delight Credit Card

ShopRite Credit Card

Moneytap Credit Card

Moneytap Black Credit Card

Paisa On Demand Credit Line

ETMoney LoanPass Credit Card

Popcorn Credit Card

World Safari Credit Card

Edition Credit Card

Monthly Treats Credit Card

Edition Classic Credit Card

VCard Credit Card

YOUnique Credit Card

SaveMax Credit Card

Play Credit Card

Platinum Maxima Plus Credit Card

Platinum Classic SuperCard

Platinum Prime SuperCard

Platinum Max SuperCard

Platinum Edge SuperCard

Platinum Choice SuperCard

Platinum Plus SuperCard

World Prime SuperCard

World Max SuperCard

World Plus SuperCard

Doctor's SuperCard

Platinum TravelEasy SuperCard

Platinum ValuePlus SuperCard

Platinum LifeEasy SuperCard

Platinum ShopSmart SuperCard

Platinum ShopDaily SuperCard

Platinum ShopGain SuperCard

Inclusive Finance Institutions

Fund Based Limits

Term loans for on-lending to

Micro Finance Segment customers

& various NBFC customers under

affordable advance segment

Cash Credit/ Working Capital

Limits for short-term working

capital requirement

Non-Fund Based Limits

Investments

Liability/Digital Banking Products

Treasury services including

Foreign Exchange Hedges

Bank Guarantees

Debt Capital Market Services

including NCDs, Standalone CPs

Pass Through Certiﬁcates (PTCs)

transactions with NBFC-MFIs

Subordinated Debt ﬁnancing to

various NBFCs

Investments in AIF Funds

AD Banker services to various

NBFC-MFIs Fixed Deposits

Salary Accounts

Cash Management services and

transaction banking solutions including

both traditional and new age digital

services to all NBFC - MFI's

Products & Services

Retail Assets

Retail Assets

Retail Assets

Platinum Advantage SuperCard

Platinum Bonus SuperCard

CA SuperCard

Freedom SuperCard

*Available only at select branch locations.

Retail Agri Business

Commodity & Warehouse

Receipt Finance

Warehouse Receipt Finance

Trade/ Pledge Finance

Rural Vehicle Finance

Loans for New Tractors

Loans for Used Tractor

Loans for Harvesters

Loans for Farm Equipment

Kissan Credit Card (KCC)

Horticulture & Plantation Loan

Allied activities loans for establishing Dairy/

Fisheries/ Poultry

Efﬁcient Irrigation system

Microbanking

Basic Savings Bank Deposit Account

No Frills Savings Account

Micro-Insurance

Hospital Insurance - Hospicash

M

icro Loans/ JLG Loans

Individual Business Loan

Retail Assets

48

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

49

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2021- 22

Integrated Annual Report 2021- 22

Letter of Credit backed Bill Discounting

Export Credit in Foreign Currency

(Pre-Shipment/Post-Shipment)

Rupee Export Credit

(Pre-Shipment /Post-Shipment)

Trade Credits:

Buyer's Credit (from RBL Bank GIFT City branch)

Buyer's Credit (Selected other bank

overseas branches)

Supplier's Credit (through Correspondent Banks)

Channel Finance (Dealer/Supplier)

Avalisation

Structured Trade Finance ( RBL India and

also through Gift City branch)

Factoring

MSME trade funding through TReDs exchange

Customised Vendor Discounting Program

Wholesale Banking

Wholesale Banking

Transaction Banking

Transaction Banking

Trade Service Products

Letters of Credit (Import/Inland)

Bank Guarantees (Domestic/ Overseas/

through Correspondent Banks)

Standby Letters of Credit (SBLC) (Domestic/

Overseas/through Correspondent Banks)

Documentary Collections

(Imports/ Exports/ Domestic)

Overseas Payments

(Advance/ Direct Import Payments)

Authorised Dealer (AD) approvals

for Trade Credits

Online Trade platform “RBL TradeX”

Supply Chain Finance

Corporate Sales side

Sales Bill discounting

Dealer Finance

Corporate Purchase side

Purchase Bill discounting

Vendor Finance

Channel Partner side

Short-term working capital requirement

Long-term working capital requirement

Receivables Management

Cash Management Services

Pan India Enterprise Collections

Solutions across

NACH/e-NACH collection management

Bankers to Rights/Public Issue Management

TAX Collections

(Through Correspondent bank)

Escrow/ TRA/ RERA Account

Client ERP Integration through H2H/ SFTP/

API for Receivables Management

Cheque & Cash collections

(Innovative solutions on real-time reporting

of cash through partner support)

E-Collect via 'Virtual Account'

Payables Management

Supplier/ Vendor Bulk Payment Options

(RTGS/ NEFT/Funds Transfers/ IMPS)

Positive Pay and Remote Cheque

Printing Solutions

Salary Payouts Integrated Corporate

Electronic Portal facilitating

Account Management/ Balances/

Statement Reporting

50

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

51

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2021- 22

Integrated Annual Report 2021- 22:

letter, and we

monitor their implementation.

Ÿ

Unmitigated or residual risks are escalated to the top management for

their noting and resolution

Ÿ

The ESG Committee manages our response to environmental and

social issues material to our business. Under its purview is the rollout

of our sustainability at the organisation-level, oversight of our

sustainability policy, including its maintenance, review,

implementation, monitoring, and feedback.

Ÿ

In August 2022, we became a supporter of Taskforce on Climate-

related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). TCFD recommendations are

based on four pillars - governance, strategy, risk management, and

metrics and targets. Given its remit from the Financial Stability Board,

the TCFD is committed to market transparency. The RBI has also

recommended adoption of the TCFD Framework by Indian banks, in its

new climate risk consultation paper.

Ÿ

We have been reporting on our climate risk and GHG emissions,

mitigation measures as part of the sustainability and annual reports

How we mitigate these risks

Type of risk

Capitals

impacted

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Ÿ

The Market Risk Policy identiﬁes all the risk factors which arise out of

Treasury activities across products and risks – such as FX rates,

interest rates, credit spreads, volatilities, and more. Limits have been

deﬁned at position/product- and portfolio-level to ensure that all

market risk is measured and monitored as per the risk appetite set by

the Board.

Ÿ

The Investment policy lays down the instruments that are permitted to

be held as investments and also deﬁnes prudential limits for various

categories of instruments such as Debentures & Bonds, Certiﬁcate of

Deposits, Commercial Paper, Units of Mutual Funds, equities and

Venture Capital Funds, and more.

Ÿ

We have implemented all necessary infrastructure in terms of systems

and risk management processes and have undertaken the Libor

transition for all the applicable benchmarks and curves.

Ÿ

We have a comprehensive Liquidity Risk & ALM (Asset-Liability

Management) policy that incorporates RBI guidelines and industry

best practices

Ÿ

Our Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and Net Stable Funding Ratio

(NSFR) is as per the RBI guidelines and we manage liquidity risk

through traditional gap analysis based on the residual

maturity/behavioural pattern of assets and liabilities as prescribed

by the RBI.

Ÿ

We also monitor mismatches using a duration gap analysis and

prudential (tolerance) limits set for different residual maturity time

buckets, large deposits and loans, and various liquidity ratios.

Ÿ

Contingency Funding Plan (CFP), approved by the Board sets forth

a process of dealing with crisis situations in the event of a liquidity

crunch or a run on the Bank.

Liquidity risk: Risk that

the Bank is unable to

meet its obligations as

they become due, due

to difﬁculty in liquidating

assets (market liquidity

risk) or that in obtaining

adequate funding

(funding liquidity risk).

120

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

121

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2021- 22

Integrated Annual Report 2021- 22:

Director's report

112

188

102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic,

environmental, and social topics

Stakeholder engagement

Materiality assessment

88

92

102-22 Composition of the highest

governance body and its committees

Corporate governance

D irectors' report

Management discussion and analysis

112

188

146

102-23 Chair of the highest governance body

Directors' report

188

102-24 Nominating and selecting

the highest governance body

Corporate governance

Directors' report

112

188

102-29 Identifying and managing economic,

environmental, and social impacts

Corporate governance

M

ateriality assessment

ESG report

112

92

126

102-25 Conﬂicts of interest

Business responsibility report

258

102-26 Role of highest governance body

in setting purpose, values, and strategy

Corporate governance

112

102-27 Collective knowledge of highest

governance body

Corporate governance report

202

102-28 Evaluating the highest governance

body's performance

Directors' report

Corporate Governance

188

112

102-30 Effectiveness of risk

management processes

Materiality assessment

C orporate governance

Risk management practices

92

112

118

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services

Our business operations

2

102-1 Name of the organisation

Who we are

1

102-31 Review of economic,

environmental, and social topics

Corporate governance

M

ateriality assessment

Risk management practices

112

92

118

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

CORPORATE OVERVIEW:

letter of credit, stand-by: letter of

credit and guarantees; cash management, and treasury

risk management solutions, money market solutions like

NCDs and CPs. The division also provides channel finance,

TReDS, dealer finance and vendor financing to take care of

the entire supply chain financing requirements. Through

letter of credit and bank guarantee

and more. Facilities are secured through property

(residential, commercial, industrial) or liquid securities

as collateral. The Bank monitors the end-use of facilities

through annual reviews and periodic stock inspections.

Post-pandemic, additional financial support in the form

of Emergency credit line is being extended to existing

customers to help them tide over turbulent times. Risk

related parameters and processes are constantly being

strengthened to build quality risk managed portfolio.

The Bank offers WCF through its Bank branch network

across major cities. It helps to retain and grow liability

balances and enhance revenue stream of customers

through cross-selling. The focus in FY 2022-23 will be to

grow in existing locations and penetrate further in new

locations.

Housing Loans

RBL Bank has recently ventured into Prime Housing Loans

(PHL) catering to higher-ticket customer segment as part

of expanding the housing loan offering. The PHL product

comes on the heels of the Bank’s widely successful

Affordable Housing Loan venture aimed at mid-level

customers in the loan ticket size of up to R 30 lakh that

operated out of 85 housing branches spread across 7

states.

The Bank intends to increase the Prime Housing Loan

sourcing through mark to market pricing, exclusive tie-ups

with reputed builders, specific targeted campaigns towards

the salaried segment, and established channel partners.

The Bank is currently sourcing housing loans primarily

through its selective liability branches, builder projects and

business correspondent partner.

Organically, the affordable housing loan contribution stands

at 30% of the overall housing loan book. The Bank is growing

at a CAGR of 50% in sourcing housing loans since inception.

More than 70% of the housing loan book comprises

customers with salaried profile. The Bank intends to build

a cross-sell team to leverage its existing liability applicant

base in the immediate future. It is also onboarding new

credit applicants using digital technologies.

MSME Business

The MSME business of the Bank is focused on meeting

the credit needs of micro and small businesses extending

out to the last mile via its robust Business Correspondent

network. The Bank specializes in providing credit to small

companies and entrepreneurs, such as merchants, traders,

service providers, and micro manufacturers – as segment

that is underserved by the conventional finance framework.

The Bank provides credit under this business to both self-

employed professionals and non-professionals for their

commercial activities and business needs, such as working

capital, repairs and renovations, business unit expansion,

and the purchase of machinery and equipment in the form

of unsecured loans up to R 10 lakh and secured loans up

to R 50 lakh. With respect to offering secured loans to this

market, the Bank also offers a flexible tenure of up to 120

months.

The loans are offered through the Bank’s wholly owned

subsidiary, RBL FinServe, alongside its network of BC

branches, enabling a wide geographical reach. In FY

2021-22, the Bank adopted digital onboarding of MSME

customers in many of the RBL FinServe branches, allowing

for seamlessness and better management of customer

data.

Credit Cards

RBL Bank’s credit card business is currently the sixth

largest in the country, and the Bank is the fastest-growing

credit card issuer. The Bank’s card portfolio has grown from

Bank enjoys a dominant position in the diplomatic segment

with 59% market share. Currently, there are 85 missions &

87 Division (Trade, Defence, Cultural, Education, Tourism

among others) accounts in Delhi and 55 consulates/

divisions, dealing with over 120 countries and catering

to about 1,400+ diplomats across India. The Bank has

increased its market share in the four metro cities, Delhi,

Mumbai, Chennai, and Kolkata. Additionally, it has made

inroads with 6 consulates across Bengaluru, Hyderabad,

and Thiruvananthapuram. The Bank has strategically

established 2 exclusive branches in Chanakyapuri and

Vasant Vihar, Delhi, on account of the geographical

concentration of Embassies there.

3.3.8 Trusts Associations Societies & Clubs (TASC)

The Trusts Associations Societies & Clubs (TASC)

segment is a key focus area for the Bank for achieving

overall growth under Branch & Business Banking. The

Bank offers competitive interest rates in savings account

and fixed deposits, on account of which this segment

has successfully garnered incremental business from key

categories such as co-operative societies, local bodies, and

charitable institutions. CASA deposits in this segment grew

a healthy 17% in FY 2021-22.

3.3.9 Insurance

The Bank has partnered with seven entities to offer a

bouquet of life insurance, general insurance, and health

insurance products. These include HDFC Life Insurance,

Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance, and ICICI Prudential Life

Insurance for life insurance products; Bajaj Allianz General

Insurance and ICICI Lombard General Insurance for General

Insurance products; Aditya Birla Health Insurance and Care

Health Insurance for health Insurance products.

3.3.10 Investments

RBL Bank acts as a distributor and offers Investment

Products viz. Mutual Funds, Portfolio Management Services

and AIF (Alternative Investment Fund) in partnership with

leading Mutual Fund houses. Its digital platform ‘Invest First’

offers smart tools for customers to execute transactions

and take informed decisions.

3.3.11 India Start-up Club

India’s rapidly growing set of start-ups demand innovative

services to meet their evolving needs. RBL Bank is

increasingly focusing on start-ups and emerging enterprises

segment. FY 2021-22 year has been an instrumental year as

1,500+ start-ups are banking with the Bank. Enabling start-

ups to scale up and continuously innovate through digital

solutions, has played a key role in building this franchise.

The Bank’s start-up customers have leveraged the API and

CMS solutions to achieve faster pay-outs through IMPS,

NEFT and RTGS, APIs and collection through NACH and

Virtual Accounts solutions.

3.4 Retail assets

The Retail Assets business segment of the Bank comprises:

Secured Loan Programs

Working Capital Finance (WCF)

Housing Loans

MSME Business

Credit Cards

Secured Loan Programmes

Catering to the small and medium businesses customer

segment, the Bank offers secured loans in the form of Loan

Against Property (LAP), wherein the eligibility is determined

by the cash flow of the business and property serves as

collateral for the loan. The purpose of taking the loan

is usually the business’ need to access working capital,

purchase of assets and business expansion. A majority

of customers are proprietors and the collateral offered is

mainly self-occupied residential property. The loans are

provided at competitive rates. During FY 2021-22, the Bank

has successfully achieved a shift towards better quality

customers by sharpening its focus on higher credit scores,

The Bank is growing at a CaGR

of 50% in sourcing housing loans

since inception.:

Managing Director and CEO,

the Company Secretary is tasked with setting forth policies

and procedures and monitoring compliance with the rules

related to the disclosure of price sensitive information.

4.5.6 Cyber Security Risk

Cyber security or information technology security risk is

defined as the potential of loss or harm to the Bank, resulting

from breaches to, attacks on, or unauthorized access to

the Bank’s information systems, which include computers,

networks, hardware, software, switches, routers, mobile

devices, applications, websites, data, information, and so

on.

Cyber security incidents can result in large-scale financial

losses, damage to reputation, legal liabilities and regulatory

issues. Therefore, mitigating this risk is an integral aspect of

enterprise risk management. The Bank has robust policies,

procedures, controls and monitoring tools to manage and

mitigate cyber security risk. The framework covers people,

processes and technology.:

Managing Director & CEO effective December 25, 2021.

Further details have been provided in the below section.

Details of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

During the year under review and upto the date of this Report, the

following changes took place in the composition of the Board:

Appointment/re-appointment approved by the Members

at the 78th Annual General Meeting of the Bank

Appointment of Mr. Vimal Bhandari (DIN: 00001318)

as a Non-Executive Non Independent Director of the

Bank liable to retire by rotation.

Appointment of Dr. Somnath Ghosh (DIN: 00401253)

as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Bank

for a term of five consecutive years i.e. from December

7, 2020 to December 6, 2025.

Appointment of Mr. Manjeev Singh Puri (DIN:

09166794) as a Non-Executive Independent Director

of the Bank for a term of five consecutive years i.e.

from May 21, 2021 to May 20, 2026.

Appointment of Mr. Chandan Sinha (DIN: 06921244)

as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Bank

for a term of five consecutive years i.e. from May 21,

2021 to May 20, 2026.

Re-appointment of Mr. Prakash Chandra (DIN:

02839303) as Non-Executive Independent Director

of the Bank for the second term with effect from

September 6, 2021 upto August 2, 2024 and re-

appointment of Mr. Prakash Chandra as Non-Executive

(Part-Time) Chairman of the Bank for a period of three

years i.e. from August 3, 2021 to August 2, 2024

alongwith revised terms of remuneration for the said

tenure.

Re-appointment of Mr. Ishan Raina (DIN: 00151951)

as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Bank

for the second term with effect from September 6,

2021 upto April 29, 2024 i.e. till the completion of his 8

continuous years as Director on the Board of the Bank,

under Section 10A(2A) of the Banking Regulation Act,

1949.

Re-appointment

of

Mr.

Vishwavir

Ahuja

(DIN:

00074994) as: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer (‘MD & CEO’) and Key Managerial

Personnel of the Bank for a period of three (3)

years commencing from June 23, 2022 (A/N

– Afternoon) up to June 22, 2025, subject to

approval of the Members.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and

Board at their respective Meetings held on August 22,

2022 approved the below:

Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan (DIN: 07537575), was

appointed as an Additional Non-Executive

Independent Director of the Bank w.e.f. August

22, 2022 for a term of five (5) years by the Board

of Directors at their meeting held on August 22,

2022 on the recommendation of Nomination

and Remuneration Committee. In terms of

Section 149(13) of the Companies Act, 2013,

Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan shall not be liable to retire

by rotation. Pursuant to the provisions of section

161 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the

Articles of Association of the Bank, Dr. Sivakumar

Gopalan will hold office as Additional Director of

the Bank, upto the date of this AGM.

Mr. Gopal Jain (DIN: 00032308), was appointed

as an Additional Non-Executive Non Independent

Director of the Bank by the Board of Directors

at their meeting held on August 22, 2022

on the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee. Pursuant to

the provisions of section 152 and 161 of the

Companies Act, 2013, read with the Articles of

Association of the Bank, Mr. Gopal Jain will hold

office as Additional Director of the Bank, upto the

date of this AGM and his office shall be liable to

retire by rotation.

Considering all the changes as above, as on the date

of this Report, the Board of the Bank comprises of

fourteen (14) Directors out of whom two (2) Directors are

Executive/ Whole-time Directors (one of whom is Managing

Director & Chief Executive Officer and the other is an

Executive Director), Seven (7) Directors are Non-Executive

Independent Directors (including Part-time Chairman of

the Bank and one Women Independent Director) and Four

(4) Directors are Non-Executive Non Independent Directors

(including one Woman Director) and One (1) Director being

an Additional Director (appointed by RBI).

Resolutions in respect of appointments of Mr. R.

Subramaniakumar (DIN: 07825083), Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan

(DIN: 07537575) and Mr. Gopal Jain (DIN: 00032308) have

been included in the Notice convening the 79th Annual

General Meeting of the Bank. Your Directors recommend

the same for your approval.

The brief profile and details in terms of Regulation 36 (3)

of SEBI Listing Regulations and the Secretarial Standard on

General Meetings (SS-2), in respect of the directors seeking

appointment has been annexed to the Notice convening the

79th Annual General Meeting of the Bank.

Other Changes in the composition of the Board

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja’s position as an interim MD & CEO

was an interim position approved by RBI till June

24, 2022 or till the appointment of a regular MD &

CEO whichever is earlier. Hence, consequent to the

aforesaid appointment of Mr. R. Subramaniakumar

as regular MD & CEO, Mr. Rajeev Ahuja ceded the

title of interim MD & CEO effective June 23, 2022

(F/N-Forenoon) and continues to perform his role as

Executive Director on the same terms and conditions

as approved by RBI and Members of the Bank.

Consequent

to

the

appointment

of

Mr.

R.

Subramaniakumar as the regular: Managing Director

& CEO of the Bank effective June 23, 2022 (A/N-

Afternoon), Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja’s term as Managing

Director & CEO of the Bank ended on June 23, 2022

(F/N – Forenoon).

Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)

Mr. R. Subramaniakumar (DIN: 07825083), Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Rajeev Ahuja, Executive Director

(DIN: 00003545), Mr. Amrut Palan, Chief Financial Officer and Ms.

Niti Arya, Company Secretary are the Key Managerial Personnel

(KMP) of the Bank as per the provisions of Section 203 (1) of

the Companies Act, 2013. The changes during the financial year

with respect to KMP has been mentioned above, under the head

“Appointments” and “Other changes in the composition of the

Board”.

The Board placed on record that Mr. Rajeev Ahuja had played an

excellent role as an interim MD & CEO and noted his continued

contribution and participation as an Executive Director. The

Board also placed on record its deep appreciation for the stellar

contribution made by Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja to the manifold growth

of the Bank during his tenure.

The proposal for the appointment of Mr. R. Subramaniakumar

as Director and Managing Director & CEO alongwith the terms of

remuneration has been included in the Notice convening the 79th

Annual General Meeting of the Bank. Your Directors recommend

the same for your approval.

Retirement by rotation

In terms of Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Articles

of Association of the Bank, Mr. Vijay Mahajan (DIN: 00038794),

Non-Executive Non Independent Director of the Bank retires

by rotation at the 79th Annual General Meeting. Although

being eligible, he has not offered himself for re-appointment.

Accordingly, he would cease to hold office as Non-Executive

Non Independent Director of the Bank on expiry of his term

ending at the ensuing 79th Annual General Meeting and the

vacancy so created be not filled. Consequently, he would cease

to be

Managing Director & CEO, Chief

Financial Officer and Company Secretary).

It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid to Directors

and KMPs is as per the remuneration policy of the Bank and

where applicable has been approved by the Reserve Bank of

India.

B.

The statement containing particulars of employees as

required under Section 197(12) of Companies Act, 2013

read with Rule 5(2) and Rule 5(3) of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Rules, 2014 as amended by the Companies (Appointment

and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Amendment

Rules, 2016 forms part of this report. In terms of Section

136 of Companies Act, 2013 read with second proviso of

Rule 5 (3) Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Annual Reports

are being sent to the Members of the Bank, excluding the

information as required under Rule 5(2) of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Rules, 2014 as amended, as mentioned aforesaid and the

same is open for inspection electronically on all working

days between 11:00 a.m. to 01:00 p.m. upto the date of

Annual General Meeting. A copy of this statement may

be obtained by the Members by writing to the Company

Secretary of the Bank at the Registered Office of the Bank

or by email at investorgrievances@rblbank.com.

Remuneration Policy

Remuneration policy for employees

Your Bank’s compensation policy keeps in mind the strategy,

ethos and financial performance of the Bank and market

compensation trends at any given time. Your Bank recognizes

that talent is critical to the long-term growth and success of the

Bank, and it is a pre-requisite to have a compensation structure

comparable with the industry.

Your Bank has set out its Compensation Policy based on the

concept of CTC (Cost to Company) and TEC (Total Employee

Compensation), to make compensation packages for officers

across all grades, competitive enough to attract, nurture and

retain high caliber professionals in the Bank and have an

organization structure that reflects specialization, focus and

scale.

Your Bank’s Compensation Policy is designed and aimed at

attracting and retaining best possible / available talent that it

requires to effectively grow the business and be considered a

highly respected institution. It comprises of a balanced mix of

Fixed & Variable cash and non-cash compensation and benefits

/ perquisites to deliver maximum value to the employee and

other stakeholders.

Your Bank strongly believes that an equity component in the

compensation goes a long way in aligning the objectives of

employees with those of the Bank. The underlying philosophy of

stock options is to enable the employees, present and future, to

get a share in the value that they help to create for the Bank over

a certain period of time.

During the financial year under review, your Bank reviewed

and revised the remuneration policy based on the Guidelines

on Compensation of Whole Time Directors/ Chief Executive

Officers/ Material Risk Takers and Control Function staff

published by the Reserve Bank of India on November 4, 2019

vide circular ref. RBI/2019-20/89. The key highlight of the revised

policy was the identification of Material Risk Takers (MRTs)

based on role, responsibilities and level where actions have a

material impact on the risk exposure of the bank. Employees

who meet the qualitative criteria and one of the quantitative

criteria were qualified as MRTs.

Policy on appointment & compensation to Non-Executive

Directors (including Independent Directors) and Criteria for

evaluation of Board and its Directors

In terms of the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI

Listing Regulations, the Board has, on recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee framed a Policy

on appointment & Compensation to Non-Executive Directors

(including Independent Director) and Criteria for evaluation of

Board and its Directors (“Policy”) which inter alia specifies the

criteria for identifying persons who are qualified to be appointed

as Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Director) and

the appointment and the remuneration structure of the aforesaid

Directors, along with criteria for evaluating their performance.

The said Policy is available on the website of the Bank at

https://ir.rblbank.com/.

Remuneration of: Managing Director and Executive Director

The Board considers the recommendations of Nomination and

the Remuneration Committee and approves the remuneration

of Managing Director and the Executive Director, with or without

modifications, subject to the approval of Members of the Bank

and applicable regulatory approval.

The remuneration payable to the Managing Director and the

Executive Director is subject to prior approval of the RBI and

hence the remuneration or revision in remuneration is payable to

them only after receipt of approval from the RBI.

Remuneration of

letter dated April 8, 2022 has approved the appointment

of M/s. CNK & Associates, LLP and M/s. G. M. Kapadia & Co

as the Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank for the year 2022-

23 for their second and first year respectively. In accordance

with the requirement of the aforesaid RBI Guidelines, the Bank

has also framed a Board approved Policy on appointment of

Statutory Auditors.

The resolution for the approval of M/s. G. M. Kapadia & Co,

Chartered Accountants as one of the Joint Statutory Auditors

alongwith M/s. CNK & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants

as the other Joint Statutory Auditor forms part of the Notice

convening the 79th Annual General Meeting. Your Directors

recommend the resolution for your approval.

Pursuant to Section 204 of Companies Act 2013, the Board

had appointed M/s. Alwyn Jay & Co., Practicing Company

Secretaries, Mumbai as its Secretarial Auditors for the financial

year ended 2021-22. The Bank provided all assistance and

facilities to the Secretarial Auditor for conducting their audit as

prescribed under Companies Act, 2013. The Secretarial Audit

Report for the financial year ended 2021-22 is annexed to this

report as Annexure II.

During the financial year under review, your Bank has complied

with the applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute

of Company Secretaries of India.

During the financial year under review, neither the Statutory

Auditors nor the Secretarial Auditors have reported any matter

under Section 143 (12) of the Companies Act, 2013 to the

Audit Committee or Board, therefore no detail is required to be

disclosed under Section 134 (3) (ca) of the Companies Act, 2013

in connection with frauds reported by auditors.

Qualifications/Reservation in Statutory and Secretarial

Audit Reports

There were no qualification, reservation or adverse remark or

disclaimer made by the Statutory Auditors in the Auditor’s Report.

Further, there were no qualification, reservation or adverse remark

or disclaimer made by the Secretarial Auditor in his Report.

Disclosure under Section 22 of the Sexual Harassment

of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013

Your Bank has Zero tolerance towards any action on the part

of any executive which may fall under the ambit of ‘Sexual

Harassment’ at workplace and is fully committed to uphold and

maintain the dignity of every woman executive working in the

Bank. The Bank has formulated a Policy and has complied with

provisions relating to the constitution of Internal Complaints

Committee under the Sexual Harassment of Women at

Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.

The Policy provides for protection against sexual harassment of

women at workplace and for prevention and redressal of such

complaints. As a part of Anti Sexual Harassment initiatives,

the Bank created a mandatory e-learning module for all the

employees called “Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH)”.

The information relating to complaints received and disposed-

off /resolved/ action taken during the financial year ended 2021-

22 is disclosed under Corporate Governance Report annexed as

Annexure I to this Report.

Whistle Blower Policy (Vigil Mechanism)

Details required to be disclosed in this regard have been provided

under Corporate Governance Report annexed as Annexure I to

this Report.

Significant and material order passed by regulators or

courts or tribunals impacting the going concern status

and operations of the Bank

During the financial year ended 2021-22 there were no significant/

material orders passed by the Regulators / Courts/ Tribunals etc.

which would impact the going concern status of the Bank and its

future operations.

Risk Management Policy

The Board of the Bank has constituted a Risk Management

Committee in accordance with the provisions of Regulation

21 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The details with respect to

its terms of reference, composition and meetings held during

the last financial year are set out in the Corporate Governance

Report forming part of this Report as Annexure I.

Your Bank has a robust Risk Management framework and a

comprehensive Risk Management Policy, in place. The details

of Risk Management Policy and its framework are separately

provided in Management Discussion and Analysis Report which

forms an integral part of this Annual Report.

H. OTHER DISCLOSURES

Code of Conduct for Employees

For a financial institution, trust is the most important asset. To this

end, your Bank strives to ensure that its actions are in accordance

with the highest standards of personal and professional integrity

and highest level of ethical conduct. Your Bank has adopted a

Code of Conduct which all its employees have to adhere to. The

employees have to conduct duties according to the aforesaid

Code and avoid even the appearance of improper behaviour.

Some of the areas which are covered by the Code of Conduct

are fairness of employment practices, protection of intellectual

property, integrity, customer confidentiality, conflict of interest,

prevention of insider trading, etc.

Bribery and Corruption

Your Bank has a responsibility both to the Members and to the

communities in which we do business to be transparent in all

our dealings. Your Bank’s Code of Conduct requires that we do

not engage in bribery or corruption in any form and explicitly

mentions that the Bank will not pay or procure the payment of

a bribe or unlawful fee to encourage the performance of a task

or one which is intended or likely to compromise the integrity

of another. Your Bank will not accept any payment, gift or

inducement from a third party which is intended to compromise

our own integrity. The Code of Conduct also includes procedures

dealing with Gifts & Entertainment, Conflicts of Interest and

other important matters.

Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

Your Bank strives to proactively encourage inclusive growth

and development, thereby participating towards building a

sustainable future.

Your Bank has a duly constituted CSR Committee of the Board

as per the provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act,

2013. The composition of the CSR Committee and its terms

of reference are detailed in the Corporate Governance Report

forming part of this report as Annexure I. Your Bank also has a

Board approved Policy on Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR

Policy”) in place. In alignment with the CSR Mission Statement,

the Bank has focused on various initiatives for the financial year

ended 2021-22, the details of CSR activities with the brief outline

of CSR Policy including overview of the programs/ Projects

undertaken by the Bank, amount spent and other relevant details

are furnished in Annexure III to this report.

The CSR Policy of the Bank is available on the website of the

Bank at https://ir.rblbank.com/.

Management Discussion and Analysis Report

The Management Discussion and Analysis Report for the

financial year under review, as per Regulation 34(2)(e) of the SEBI

Listing Regulations is presented in a separate section forming

part of this Annual Report.:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 02839303)

(DIN: 07825083)

Place : Mumbai

Date : August 22, 2022:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, who had proceeded on leave w.e.f. December 25,

2021 consequent to which the Executive Director was appointed as interim: Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer w.e.f.

December 25, 2021), six (6) Directors were Non-Executive Independent Directors (including Part-time

Managing Director & CEO for the period December 25,

2021 till June 23, 2022 Forenoon (F/N)]

(DIN: 00003545)

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja is an Executive Director of the Bank since February 21, 2017. He was appointed as interim: Managing Director & CEO

of the Bank for the period December 25, 2021 till June 23, 2022 (F/N) with all regulatory approvals, as applicable.

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja joined RBL Bank in 2010. He was previously associated with Citibank India, Bank of America, India and Bankers

Trust Company. He brings over 34 years of experience in the financial services industry. An integral part of the Bank’s transformation

journey, he is responsible for building the overall strategy of the Bank while managing the Retail Banking, Transaction Banking and

Financial Inclusion businesses of the Bank. Prior to joining RBL Bank, he was Managing Director - Investor Sales Business (South

Asia) with Citigroup, India. He also had a 7-year stint as a Director in the capital markets and investment banking divisions of Bankers

Trust/Deutsche Bank in Singapore and Hong Kong.

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja holds a Bachelor’s degree in Commerce from the Delhi University and a post graduate diploma in management from

the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.

Mr. Ishan Raina, Non-Executive Independent Director

(DIN: 00151951)

Mr. Ishan Raina is on the Board of the Bank as Non-Executive Independent Director since April 30, 2016.

Mr. Ishan Raina has experience in the field of Advertising/ brand & communication strategy, Business strategy, Risk Management and

Human Resources and is founder of Out of Home (OOH) India Limited, India’s leading network that displays video advertising content

to engage consumers. He is on the advisory Board of FICCI/Indian Sanitation Council and SOIL (School of Inspired Leadership),

Manesar. Previously, he was the CEO of Ignitee Digital Solutions, JWT Contract Advertising (India) and Lintas Advertising (India).

Mr. Ishan Raina holds a Bachelor’s degree in Commerce from Sriram College of Commerce, New Delhi, a Diploma in International Law

and Diplomacy from the Indian Academy of International Law & Diplomacy, New Delhi and a Post Graduate Diploma in Management

from the Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta.

Mr. Vijay Mahajan, Non-Executive Non Independent Director

(DIN: 00038794)

Mr. Vijay Mahajan is on the Board of the Bank as Non-Executive Non Independent Director since April 27, 2018.

Mr. Vijay Mahajan has been a pioneer of the microfinance and livelihood promotion movement in India with over 40 years of experience

in finance, rural development, financial inclusion including microfinance, micro insurance services, livelihood promotion, agriculture

& rural economy, livestock & enterprise development, advisory & policy advocacy. He has been a member of several working groups

of the Planning Commission, Govt of India; the Rangarajan Committee on Financial Inclusion; the Raghuram Rajan Committee on

Financial Sector Reforms and also served as a part-time member of the Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority of India.

He has been first a Board Member, then Chair of the World Bank’s Consultative Group to Assist the Poor and Co-Chair of the World

Economic Forum, Davos, Group on Social Entrepreneurship, as one of the 60 “Outstanding Social Entrepreneurs of the World”. He has

also been involved in setting up three industry associations- Development Finance Forum, of 12 development finance institutions;

Sa-Dhan, association of community development finance institutions & MFIN, the Microfinance Institutions Network.

Mr. Vijay Mahajan is a distinguished alumnus of IIT, Delhi (1975), IIM Ahmedabad (1981) and was a Fellow at the Woodrow Wilson

School of Public and International Affairs, Princeton University (1989).

Ms. Veena Mankar, Non-Executive Non Independent Director

(DIN: 00004168)

Ms. Veena Mankar is on the Board of the Bank as Non-Executive Non Independent Director since October 22, 2019.

Ms. Veena Mankar has over four decades of experience in banking & financial service and has been actively engaged in microbanking

for over a decade. She started her career with ICICI Ltd. (the precursor to the Bank) and has worked with leading financial institutions

including Emirates Bank in Dubai, West LB group, Germany and FimBank, Malta. She also served as an Independent Non - Executive

Chairperson of IDFC First Bank Limited. She is the founder of two entities i.e RBL Finserve Limited (formerly known as Swadhaar

Finserve Pvt Ltd) (now a subsidiary of RBL Bank) and Swadhaar FinAccess (SFA). She is also on the Board of few other companies

like Alicon Castalloy Ltd, IDFC Asset Management Company Ltd., PB Fintech Limited and Paisabazaar Marketing and Consulting

Private Limited.

Ms. Veena Mankar holds a Bachelors of Arts degree in Economics (H) and is also a post-graduate diploma holder in management

from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.

Ms. Ranjana Agarwal, Non-Executive Independent Director

(DIN: 03340032)

Ms. Ranjana Agarwal is on the Board of the Bank as Non-Executive Independent Director since November 30, 2019.

Ms. Ranjana Agarwal, is the founder partner of Vaish & Associates, Chartered Accountants. She carries over 37 years of experience

in audit, tax and related services including business valuations. Ms. Agarwal was the national president of FICCI FLO and currently

co chairs their ‘women directors’ programme. She is also an Independent Director on the Board of many eminent listed Companies,

as well as the leading rating entity, ICRA Limited.

Ms. Ranjana Agarwal is a graduate in Economics from Lady Shri Ram College, Delhi University and Chartered Accountant from the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

Mr. Vimal Bhandari, Non-Executive Non Independent Director

(DIN: 00001318)

Mr. Vimal Bhandari is on the Board of the Bank as Non-Executive Non Independent Director since October 1, 2020.

Mr. Vimal Bhandari is an accomplished and focused professional with experience of over thirty-five years in the financial services

industry, of which twenty-five years have been at the Board level. He has wide experience & exposure of Credit & Risk environment

and has knowledge of various industries and promoter groups across the country, with deep insight of their businesses. He serves as

an Independent Director on Boards of various other companies in diverse business segments including Bharat Forge Ltd, Kalpataru

Power Transmission Ltd, HDFC Trustee Company Ltd, JK Tyre & Industries Ltd, DCM Shriram Ltd, Arka Financial Holdings Private

Limited and Escorts Kubota Limited. Presently, he is Executive Vice

Managing Director & CEO till June 23, 2022 Forenoon (F/N)

(DIN: 00074994)

Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja had been the: Managing Director & CEO of the Bank since June 30, 2010, proceeded on leave with effect from

December 25, 2021 and his term as the Managing Director & CEO ended on June 23, 2022 Forenoon (F/N).

Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja, is a veteran banker with around 40 years of experience. He joined RBL Bank in 2010 when it was a small,

regional, southern Maharashtra based old-age private sector Bank. Mr. Ahuja guided the transformation of the institution into a

vibrant, professionally run, new-age bank with a national presence. He spearheaded one of the most successful IPOs in the country

in 2016. Prior to RBL Bank, Mr. Ahuja was the MD & CEO of Bank of America, India, from 2001-2009, prior to which he successfully

managed assignments in USA, Hong Kong and various offices in India.

Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja holds a Master’s degree in business administration from IIM – Ahmedabad and an MS degree in International

Finance from the University of Michigan, USA and is B.Com (Hons.) from Shri Ram College of Commerce, Delhi.

SHAREHOLDING OF DIRECTORS INCLUDING NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS OF THE BANK

The details of equity shares held by the Directors including Non-Executive Directors of the Bank as on March 31, 2022 are as follows:

Sr. No.

Name of the Director

DIN

Designation

No. of Shares held

1.

Mr. Prakash Chandra

02839303

Non-Executive Independent Director (Part-time

Managing Director & CEO of the Bank

with effect from June 23, 2022 (A/N), holds 150 equity shares of the Bank as on the date of this report. Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan (DIN:

07537575) who was appointed as an (Additional) Non-Executive Independent Director with effect from August 22, 2022, has bought

500 equity shares of the Bank as on the date of this report. Mr. Gopal Jain (DIN: 00032308) who was appointed as (Additional) Non-

Executive Non Independent Director of the Bank with effect from August 22, 2022, holds NIL shares as on the date of this report.

The details pertaining to the number of Directorship(s) and Committee membership(s)/ chairmanship(s) held by the Directors in

entities including the Bank as on March 31, 2022 are as follows:

Director (DIN)

Category

No. of other Directorships

(including the Bank)*

No of committee

membership/chairmanship

held in Public companies

(including the Bank) **

Name of other listed entities

in which he/she is a Director &

Category of Directorship

Public Co

Private Co

Member

Chairperson

Mr. Prakash Chandra

DIN: 02839303

Non-Executive

Independent Director

(Part-time Chairman)

1

–

1

–

–

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja$

DIN: 00003545

Executive Director

1

–

1

–

–

Mr. Ishan Raina

DIN: 00151951

Non-Executive

Independent Director

1

3

1

–

–

Mr. Vijay Mahajan

DIN: 00038794

Non-Executive Non

Independent Director

1

–

1

–

–

Ms. Veena Mankar

DIN: 00004168

Non-Executive Non

Independent Director

5

1

2

1

Independent Director in following

company:

1. Alicon Castalloy Limited

2. PB Fintech Limited

Ms. Ranjana Agarwal

DIN: 03340032

Non-Executive

Independent Director

5

1

5

1

Independent Director in following

companies:

1. ICRA Limited

2. Indo Rama Synthetics (India)

Limited

3. KDDL Limited

Mr. Vimal Bhandari

DIN: 00001318

Non – Executive Non

Independent Director

7

1

4

–

Independent Director in following

companies:

1. Kalpataru Power

Transmission Limited

2. Bharat Forge Limited

3. JK Tyre & Industries Limited

4. DCM Shriram Limited

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

DIN: 00401253

Non-Executive

Independent Director

2

–

1

1

–

Mr. Chandan Sinha&

DIN: 06921244

Non-Executive

Independent Director

1

1

1

–

–

Mr. Manjeev Singh Puri&

DIN: 09166794

Non-Executive

Independent Director

1

–

1

–

–

Director (DIN)

Category

No. of other Directorships

(including the Bank)*

No of committee

membership/chairmanship

held in Public companies

(including the Bank) **

Name of other listed entities

in which he/she is a Director &

Category of Directorship

Public Co

Private Co

Member

Chairperson

Mr. Yogesh K. Dayal#

DIN: 07594913

Additional Director

(appointed by RBI)

1

–

1

–

–

Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja@

DIN: 00074994: Managing Director &

CEO (Proceeded on

leave w.e.f. December

25, 2021)

1

–

–

–

–

$

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja, Executive Director was appointed as interim MD & CEO of the Bank for the period December 25, 2021 till June 23, 2022 (F/N).

&

Mr. Chandan Sinha and Mr. Manjeev Singh Puri were appointed as (Additional) Non-Executive Independent Directors of the Bank on May 21, 2021

and were further appointed as Directors by the Members at the 78th Annual General Meeting held on September 21, 2021.

#

Mr. Yogesh K. Dayal was appointed as Additional Director by RBI for a period of two years w.e.f. December 24, 2021 till December 23, 2023 or till

further orders whichever is earlier.

@

Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja proceeded on leave from December 25, 2021 and his term as MD & CEO ended on June 23, 2022 (F/N).

*

Excludes directorship held in Foreign Companies & Section 8 Company.

**

Includes Membership of Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee across all other Public Companies.

Number of Membership includes the number of

letter by the borrower/ promoters/ directors/

guarantors, as the case may be;

iii)

To evaluate the representation/submission by the borrower/ promoters/ directors/ guarantors, as the case may

be and seek further details from the borrower/ promoters / directors / guarantors, as the case may be in case

WDRC is unable to reach a conclusion of wilful default;

iv)

To confirm the order of the WDIC for classifying a borrower/ promoters/ directors/ guarantors as Wilful Defaulters

or otherwise in line with the extant RBI guidelines and pass a reasoned order based on the representation/

submission by borrower / promoters/ directors/ guarantors, as the case may be, in this regard;

v)

Member of WDIC / WDRC to serve WDRC order to the borrower / promoters / directors/ guarantors, as the case

may be;

vi)

To review and confirm the order of the WDIC for removal of the names from the list of Wilful Defaulters or

otherwise as reported to RBI/ Credit Information Companies;

vii) To review and confirm the order of the WDIC for publication of photographs of Wilful Defaulters or otherwise as

reported to RBI/ Credit Information Companies;

viii) To review and confirm the order of the WDIC for reporting the names of third party like builders, warehouse/

cold storage owners, motor vehicle/ tractor dealers, travel agents, etc. and professionals such as architects,

valuers, chartered accountants, advocates, etc. to Indian Banks Association (IBA), that played a vital role in credit

sanction/ disbursement and were involved in fraud/ wrong doing/ mala fide, etc.

Annexure I:

letter by the borrower/ promoters/ directors/

person in-charge of management;

iii)

To evaluate the representation/submission by the borrower/ promoters/ directors/ person in-charge of

management, as the case may be and seek further details from such person, in case NCBRC is unable to reach

a conclusion of Non- Cooperation;

iv)

To confirm the order of the NCBIC for classifying a borrower/ promoters/ directors/ person in-charge of

management as Non-Cooperative or otherwise in line with the extant RBI guidelines and pass a reasoned order

based on the representation/submission by borrower/ promoters/ directors/ person in-charge of management,

as the case may be in this regard;

v)

Member of NCBIC / NCBRC to serve NCBRC order to the borrower / promoters / directors/ person in-charge of

management; and

vi)

To review and confirm the order of the NCBIC for removal of the names from the list of Non-Cooperative

Borrowers or otherwise as reported to Reserve Bank of India (RBI)/ Central Repository of Information on Large

Credits (CRILC).

*The Board at its meeting held on May 6, 2022, considered, and approved the segregation of the Customer Service, Branding & Marketing Committee

into two different Committees of the Board, with the nomenclature “Customer Service Committee (CSC)” and “Branding, Marketing & Communications

Committee” (BMCC) respectively.

The terms of reference of the above two Committees is detailed below:

1.

Customer Service

Committee (CSC)*

i)

Formulation of customer service related Policies.

ii)

Disclosure / maintenance of service related Information by banks in the public domain.

iii)

Reporting submission of various items to the Board:

a.

Analysis of Customer complaints including BO complaints and complaints received by Senior Management;

b.

Annual Statement of Compliance to BCSBI;

c.

Annual survey of depositor satisfaction;

d.

Triennial audit of such services;

e.

Examining any other issues having a bearing on the quality of customer service rendered;

f.

Review & deliberate on Customer Service Standing Committee, service quality, skill gaps & aspects relating

to Branch Level Service Committee.

iv)

Details of Incentives and Penalties levied by regulators for various customer service related aspects.

v)

Highlights for Charter of Customer Rights

vi)

Performing any other act, duty as stipulated by the Companies Act, Reserve Bank of India, Securities & Exchange

Board of India, Stock Exchanges and any other regulatory authority, as prescribed from time to time.

vii)

At least one customer shall be invited to attend the Customer Service Committee meeting of the Board.

2.

Branding,

Marketing &

Communications

Committee

(BMCC)*

i)

Periodic Review of Developments around;-

a.

Marketing & branding activities of the Bank;

b.

Overall brand philosophy and media approach;

c.

Communications / public relations framework of the Bank;

d.

Reputation management framework for the bank;

e.

Framework around external awards and recognition;

f.

Functioning of banks Social Media Cell;

ii)

Performing any other act, duty as stipulated by the Companies Act, Reserve Bank of India, Securities & Exchange

Board of India, Stock Exchanges and any other regulatory authority, as prescribed from time to time

MEETING OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

In terms of Para VII to Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 i.e. Code for Independent Directors and Regulation 25 of SEBI Listing

Regulations, a separate meeting of the Independent Directors of the Bank was held for Financial Year 2021-22, wherein the following

matters were reviewed and discussed:

a)

review the performance of non-independent directors and the Board as a whole;

b)

review the performance of the Chairperson of the Bank, taking into account the views of executive directors and non-executive

directors;

c)

assess the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information between the Bank’s management and the Board that is

necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform their duties.

BOARD LEVEL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

The performance evaluation of the Board as a whole as well as that of its Committees, Directors (including Independent Directors)

and Chairman of the Board was carried out based on the criteria for evaluation/ assessment as laid down by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Rules made thereunder and

the SEBI Listing Regulations.

Major criteria for evaluation of Board as a whole and its Committees inter alia covers various assessment parameters like structure

and composition, frequency & duration of meetings, its process and procedures, effectiveness of the Board/Committees, its financial

reporting process including internal controls, review of compliance under various regulations, adequate discharge of responsibilities

entrusted under various regulations and/or terms of reference of the respective Committees etc.

Major criteria for evaluation of Chairman inter alia covers the various assessment parameters like fair / impartial / unbiased attitude

in governing the board, dealing with dissent and building consensus, encouraging discussion and deliberations on all important

matters, reasonableness and open mindedness on agenda item inclusion requests and active response to management thinking etc.

Major criteria for evaluation of Directors (including Independent Directors) inter alia covers the various assessment parameters like

attendance and participation during the meetings, their active contribution and independent judgement, cohesiveness, discussion/

deliberation on important matters, understanding of the Bank, inputs on providing strategic direction of the Bank etc.

Performance evaluation of Board as a whole, its Committees and Independent Directors was carried out by Board.

The re-appointment of a Director is based on the report of performance evaluation.

APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS FOR FINANCIAL YEAR 2021-22

A.

Appointment and Remuneration of Whole-time Directors

The: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

proceeded on leave w.e.f.

December 25, 2021)@

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

Executive Director,

(appointed as interim: Managing

letter dated December 24, 2021, and in exercise of powers conferred under Section 36 AB

of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, appointed Mr. Yogesh K. Dayal, (DIN: 07594913) Chief General Manager, Reserve Bank of

India as an Additional Director on the Board of the Bank for a period of two years w.e.f December 24, 2021 till December 23, 2023

or till further orders, whichever is earlier. No Sitting fees is paid to the Additional Director as appointed by RBI.

CODE OF CONDUCT

The Board of Directors of the Bank had laid down a Code of Ethics and Conduct for Board of Directors and Senior Management of

the Bank. This Code is uploaded on Bank’s website at https://ir.rblbank.com.

The Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed their compliance with the said Code for the financial year

2021-22. A declaration from the: Managing

letter of appointment is given to him/her, which inter alia explains

the role, function, duties and responsibilities of an Independent Director of the Bank. The Bank also follows a structured orientation

programme wherein it conducts an introductory familiarization program/presentation to make an Independent Director aware of the

processes, systems and policies adopted and followed by the Bank.

The Director is provided with the orientation documents including in particular, the Memorandum & Articles of Association of the

Bank, Annual Reports for last three financial years, key Board approved Codes & policies including Code of Ethics & Conduct for

Directors and Senior Management Personnel, RBL Trading Code, Organization Chart, List of Directors with details, details of Board

Committees, etc. The: Managing Director & CEO along with members of senior management team also have a personal discussion/

presentation with the newly appointed Independent Director.

Presentations are made at regular intervals at the Board/Committee Meetings which include updates on performance review,

strategy and key regulatory developments including specifically all new RBI Circulars/ notifications/ guidelines issued from time to

time, for more elaborate understanding of various aspects of business of the Bank. The Bank also arranges for training programs/

sessions for Directors, through reputed consulting firms/training institutes, on areas which are helpful to the Board.

The Familiarization programme for Independent Directors of the Bank ensures valuable participation and inputs from them which

helps in bringing forth the best practices into the organization and helps in taking informed decisions at the Board level. The details

of the Familiarization programme have been uploaded on the Bank’s website at: https://ir.rblbank.com/.

A CHART OR A MATRIX SETTING OUT THE SKILLS / EXPERTISE / COMPETENCIES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors have evaluated and identified the core skills / expertise / competencies / special knowledge or practical

experience, as required in the context of the Bank’s business and sector(s) for it to function effectively. The Board of the Bank, apart

from the required behavioral skills and knowledge, duly possess the following skillsets as per the relevant provisions of the Banking

Regulation Act, 1949 and relevant circulars issued by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time:

(i)

Accountancy,

(ii)

Agriculture and Rural Economy,

(iii) Banking,

(iv) Co-operation,

(v)

Economics,

(vi) Finance,

(vii) Law,

(viii) Small-Scale Industry,

(ix) Information Technology,

(x)

Payment & Settlement Systems,

(xi) Human Resources,

(xii) Risk Management,

(xiii) Business Management,

(xiv) Any other matter the special knowledge of, and practical experience in, which would, in the opinion of the Reserve Bank, be

useful to the Bank’s business / sectors.

Thus, in line with the above, the Board of the Bank is well structured and comprises of eminent personalities having wide, diverse &

practical experience and comprehensive professional credentials, behavioral skill sets, technical skill sets and also Directors having

domain knowledge, which helps the Bank to gain insights for strategy formulation and direction setting, thus adding value to its

growth objectives and also providing Members with a holistic view.

The details of skills/expertise/competencies available with the Bank and the names of the Directors as on March 31, 2022, possessing

such skills/expertise/competencies are detailed as under:

Sr. No

Name of Directors

Designation

Skill Set/ Expertise/ Competencies

1.

Mr. Prakash Chandra

Non-Executive Independent

Director (Part-time

Managing Director & CEO of the Bank with

effect from June 23, 2022 (A/N) possesses the skills/expertise/competencies in the areas of Banking & Business Management,

Resolution & Restructuring, Non-Banking Finance Company Business Management, Information Technology, Payment & Settlement

Systems, Human Resource Management, Information Security and Operational Risk Management. Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan (DIN:

07537575) was appointed as an (Additional) Non-Executive Independent Director with effect from August 22, 2022 and possesses

the skills/expertise/competencies in the areas of Banking, Information Technology, Payment and Settlement systems. Mr. Gopal

Jain (DIN: 00032308) was appointed as (Additional) Non-Executive Non Independent Director of the Bank with effect from August

22, 2022 and possesses the skills/expertise/competencies in the areas of Capital Market, Investor engagement, Investment

management, Finance, Economics, Payment and settlement systems and Business management.

GENERAL BODY MEETINGS

Following are the details of general body meetings held during the previous three financial years. The 76th Annual General Meeting

held on July 9, 2019 and Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on December 27, 2019, were held at Residency Club, C.T.S. No. E2124,

E Ward, Near Bawda Post Office, Opp. PWD Office, New Palace, Tarabai Park, Kolhapur - 416 003 at 11.30 a.m. respectively. In view

of the COVID-19 pandemic and in terms of the compliance with relaxations permitted by MCA and SEBI, the 77th Annual General

Meeting held on July 17, 2020, Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on September 12, 2020 and the 78th Annual General Meeting

held on September 21, 2021 were held through video conferencing, the deemed venue for these meetings was the Registered Office

of the Bank.

Sr. No.

Particulars of Meeting

Day and Date

Nature of Special Resolutions

1

76th Annual General

Meeting

Tuesday, July 9, 2019

Re-appointment of Mr. Jairaj Purandare as an Independent Director.

Re-appointment of Mr. Palepu Sudhir Rao as an Independent Director.

Re-appointment of Mr. Sivanandhan Dhanushkodi as an Independent Director.

Increase in Borrowing Powers.

Issue of Debt Securities on Private Placement basis.

Raising of equity capital by the Bank through issue of equity shares/depository

receipts and other securities through a Qualified Institutions Placement/

Global Depository Receipts/ American Depository Receipts/ Foreign Currency

Convertible Bonds or such other methods or combination as may be decided

aggregating to an amount not exceeding ¢ 3,500 crore (Rupees Three

Thousand Five Hundred Crore only).

2

Extra-Ordinary General

Meeting

December 27, 2019

Issue and allotment of equity shares on preferential basis (the “Preferential

Allotment”)

3

77th Annual General

Meeting

Friday, July 17, 2020

To approve increase in Borrowing Powers.

To approve issue of Debt Securities on Private Placement basis

Approval for amendment in Employees Stock Option Plan 2018 and

enhancement of limit for issuance of shares under Employees Stock Option

Plan 2018 to the Eligible employees of the Bank.

Approval for enhancement of limit for issuance of shares under Employees

Stock Option Plan 2018 to the Eligible employees of the Subsidiary(ies) of the

Bank.

4

Extra-Ordinary General

Meeting

September 12, 2020

To Issue, Offer and Allot Equity Shares on Preferential Basis (the “Preferential

Allotment”.

5

78th Annual General

Meeting

Tuesday, September 21,

2021

To approve the re-appointment of Mr. Prakash Chandra (DIN: 02839303) as

Non-Executive Independent Director of the Bank.

To approve the re-appointment of Mr. Ishan Raina (DIN: 00151951) as Non-

Executive Independent Director of the Bank.

To approve issue of Debt Securities on Private Placement basis.

Approval for amendment in Employees Stock Option Plan 2013 of the Bank.

POSTAL BALLOT

During the financial year 2021-22, no resolutions were passed by means of postal ballot.

Further, the Bank had issued Postal Ballot Notice dated April 20, 2022, the details of which are available on the website of the Bank

https://ir.rblbank.com/. In view of the Covid 19 pandemic and in accordance with the General Circulars issued by MCA for conducting

postal ballot process through electronic voting (remote e-voting) approval of the Members for the appointment of Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

(DIN: 00003545) as interim: Managing Director & CEO for the period from December 25, 2021 till June 24, 2022 or till the appointment

of a regular Managing Director & CEO whichever is earlier being an Ordinary Resolution was obtained through postal ballot notice

dated April 20, 2022. The resolution was passed with requisite majority on May 27, 2022.

Postal ballot is conducted in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 22 of the Companies

(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 as amended from time to time. The Bank engages the services of Central Depository

Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”) to provide remote e-voting facility to its Members. Mr. Alwyn D’Souza, Practicing Company Secretary

(FCS: 5559) or failing him, Mr. Jay D’Souza, Practicing Company Secretary (FCS: 3058) of M/s. Alwyn Jay & Co., Practicing Company

Secretaries was appointed as a Scrutinizer to scrutinize the Remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner. The results

of Postal Ballot were announced within 2 working days of conclusion of remote e-voting period at the Registered Office of the

Company either by

Managing Director & CEO.

(b) Further, there are no audit qualifications in the Bank’s financial statements by the Statutory Auditors or qualification or

adverse remark by the Company Secretary in Practice in his Secretarial Audit Report for the financial year 2021-22. The

Bank wishes to continue in the regime of unqualified financial statements as well as Secretarial Audit Report.

(c)

The Bank has an internal audit department which is headed by a senior official, who directly reports to the Audit Committee

of the Board.

E.

Subsidiary Companies

During the financial year 2021-22, the Bank has one unlisted wholly owned Subsidiary namely, RBL Finserve Limited (formerly

Swadhaar Finserve Private Limited) which does not qualify to be a material subsidiary as per the provisions of the SEBI Listing

Regulations. The details of the activities carried out by the subsidiary of the Bank during the financial year are provided in the

Director’s Report.

The Bank ensures compliance with the requirements as listed under Regulation 24 of the SEBI Listing Regulations in respect

of its unlisted wholly owned subsidiary including review of financial statements, in particular, the investments made by the

subsidiary, by the Audit Committee & Board of Directors of the Bank. The minutes of the Board of the subsidiary alongwith the

statement of all significant transactions and arrangements entered into by the subsidiary, if any are placed before the Audit

Committee and Board on quarterly basis.

In compliance with the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Bank had formulated a Board approved Policy for

Determining Material Subsidiaries. The said policy is available on website of the Bank at https://ir.rblbank.com/.

F.

Disclosure of commodity price risks and commodity hedging activities

The Bank has not undertaken any commodity price risk during the Financial Year 2021-22. The Bank has undertaken all

commodity transactions on back to back basis.

G. Fees paid to Statutory Auditors

The total fees incurred by the Bank and its subsidiary, on a consolidated basis, for the services rendered by the statutory

auditors i.e M/s. Haribhakti & Co. LLP and M/s CNK & Associates LLP and their affiliate and entities is as below:

Particulars

FY 2021-22

Total in Crs 1 (¢)

Audit fees (Including Statutory Certifications)

1.75

Others

0.76

Reimbursement of Expenses

0.09

Total

2.60

1 Excluding GST

H. Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013

The Bank has zero tolerance towards any action on the part of any executive which may fall under the ambit of ‘Sexual

Harassment’ at workplace and is fully committed to uphold and maintain the dignity of every woman executive working in

the Bank. The Bank has formulated Policy on the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013. The Policy provides for protection against sexual harassment of women at workplace and for prevention

and redressal of such complaints. As a part of Anti Sexual Harassment initiatives, the Bank created a mandatory e-learning

module for all the employees called “Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH)”.

The disclosure in respect of complaints received under the said Policy are as under:

a.

No. of Complaints filed during the financial year: 5 ( 1st April 2021 to 31st March 2022)

b.

No. of Complaints disposed - off during the financial year: 5 ( 1st April 2021 to 31st March 2022)

c.

No. of Complaints pending as on end of the financial year: 0 ( 1st April 2021 to 31st March 2022)

I.

Certificate under Regulation 34(3) of SEBI Listing Regulations

The Bank has obtained a certificate from a Company Secretary in practice that none of the directors on the Board of the Bank

have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the Board/Ministry of

Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority.

J.

Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement as

specified under Regulation 32 (7A) of SEBI Listing Regulations

During the financial year 2021-22, there were no funds raised by the Bank through preferential allotment or qualified institutions

placement as specified under Regulation 32 (7A) of SEBI Listing Regulations.

K.

Secretarial Audit for the Financial Year 2021-22

Mr. Alwyn D’Souza, Practicing Company Secretary, of M/s. Alwyn Jay & Co., Company Secretaries, was appointed as the

Secretarial Auditor to conduct Secretarial Audit of the Bank for the financial year ended March 31, 2022 as per the provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013, who has carried out an independent assessment of the compliance of Companies Act, 2013, SEBI

Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standards as part of the secretarial audit. The Secretarial Audit Report forms part of this

Annual Report as an Annexure II to the Directors’ Report.

Annexure I:

Managing Director &

CEO and Chief Financial Officer of the Bank on the financial statements for the financial year ended 2021-22 was placed before

the Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 12, 2022.

The said certificate is forming part of this Report as an Annexure IB.

MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

The primary source of information to the Members of the Bank, customers, analyst and to the public at large is through the website

of the Bank i.e. https://ir.rblbank.com/. The Bank maintains a functional website and disseminates all the information to the stock

exchanges and on its website as required under SEBI Listing Regulations.

The Bank has provided adequate and timely information to its Members, inter-alia through the following means:

The quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results are communicated through Press Release and newspapers advertisement

in prominent national and regional newspapers such as Business Standard, Pudhari, Lokmat etc.

The Bank also organizes a meeting/ call with the institutional investors and financial analysts to address their queries on the

financials etc. The transcripts / presentations/ recordings of the same are also uploaded on the Bank’s website.

The financial results, official news releases and presentations are also displayed on the website of the Bank i.e.

https://ir.rblbank.com under ‘Financials’ tab.

The Bank also publishes its Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss Account together with the Auditors’ Report in newspaper(s) as

required in terms of Section 31 of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and Rule 15 of the Banking Regulation (Companies) Rules,

1949.

Annexure I

In view of the prevailing COVID-19 situation, owing to difficulties involved in dispatching of physical copies of Annual Report

for financial year 2021-22 & Notice of 79th Annual General Meeting; Ministry of Corporate Affairs (the “MCA”) vide its General

Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, General Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, General Circular No. 20/2020 dated

May 5, 2020, General Circular No. 02/2021 dated January 13, 2021, General Circular No. 19/2021 dated December 8, 2021,

General Circular No. 21/2021 dated December 14, 2021 and General Circular No. 2/2022 dated May 5, 2022 (collectively referred

to as “MCA Circulars”) and Securities and Exchange Board of India vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79

dated May 12, 2020 w.r.t. Additional relaxation in relation to compliance with certain provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 – Covid-19 pandemic, Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/11 dated

January 15, 2021 - Relaxation from compliance with certain provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 due to the Covid -19 pandemic and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2022/62 dated

May 13, 2022 - Relaxation from compliance with certain provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Circulars”) permitted the holding of the Annual General Meeting through video conferencing (“VC”) or

other audio visual means (“OAVM”). The Annual Report for financial year 2021-22 alongwith the Notice of the 79th Annual

General Meeting is being sent to the Members of the Bank only by email.

GENERAL INFORMATION

Day, Date, Time of the Annual

General Meeting

Wednesday, September 21, 2022 at 11.30 a.m., through video conferencing (“VC”) or other audio-visual

means (“OAVM”)

Financial Year

April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022

Day and Date of Book Closure

Thursday, September 15, 2022 to Wednesday, September 21, 2022 (both days inclusive)

Dividend Payment

As the Bank reported a loss, no dividend has been declared for the financial year 2021-22.

Listing on Stock Exchanges

1.

National Stock Exchange of India Limited

Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C-1, Block-G, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)

2.

BSE Limited

Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001

The Listing Fees for financial year 2021-22 have been paid to the aforesaid Stock Exchanges.

Stock Code

BSE: 540065

NSE: RBLBANK

ISIN Number

INE976G01028

Registrar and Transfer Agents

Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.

C – 101, 247 Park, 1st Floor, LBS Marg, Vikhroli West, Mumbai – 400 083

Tel No. 022 – 49186270 Fax No. 022- 49186060

Email ID : rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in

Share Transfer System

The Board has delegated the authority for approving transfer, transmission, etc. of the Bank’s securities to MD

& CEO, Executive Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary, any two jointly.

The Bank’s shares are traded under compulsory dematerialized mode. An annual certificate of compliance with

the share transfer formalities as required under Regulation 40(9) of the SEBI Listing Regulations is obtained

from the Company Secretary in Practice and a copy of the certificate is filed with the Stock Exchanges.

Dematerialization of shares and

liquidity

As on March 31, 2022, the 99.31% of share capital of the Bank was held in the dematerialized form viz. 80.01%

with NSDL and 19.30% with CDSL and 0.69% shares were being held in physical form.

Outstanding GDRs/ ADRs/

Warrants or any Convertible

instruments, conversion date and

likely impact on equity

The Bank does not have any Outstanding GDRs / ADRs / Warrants or any other Convertible instrument as on

date.

Commodity price risk or foreign

exchange risk and hedging

activities

The information on the Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging activities is explained in

this report.

Plant Locations

As the Bank is engaged in the business of banking/financial services, there is no plant location.:

Managing Director & CEO

Place: Mumbai

Date: August 22, 2022

Annexure I

Annexure IA

CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

To

The Members of

RBL Bank Limited,

1st Lane, Shahupuri,

Kolhapur – 416001

We have examined the compliance of conditions of corporate governance by RBL Bank Limited (“the Bank”) for the financial year

ended March 31, 2022, as prescribed in Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of regulation 46 and paras C,

D and E of Schedule V of Chapter IV of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’).

We state that the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management and our examination

was limited to procedures and implementation thereof adopted by the Bank for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the

Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Bank.

In our opinion, and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and representations made by the

management, we certify that the Bank has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the aforesaid

provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Bank nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Bank.

Place : Mumbai

ALWYN JAY & Co.

Date : August 22, 2022

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Office Address :

[Alwyn D’Souza, FCS.5559]

Annex-103, Dimple Arcade,

[Partner]

Asha Nagar, Kandivali (East),

[Certificate of Practice No.5137]

Mumbai 400101.

[UDIN : F005559D000823420]:

Managing Director & CEO and Amrut Palan, Chief Financial Officer of RBL Bank Limited (hereinafter “the

Bank”) hereby certify to the Board that:

(a) We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2022 and that to

the best of our knowledge and belief:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that

might be misleading;

(ii) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Bank’s affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting

standards, applicable laws and regulations.

(b) There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Bank during the year which are fraudulent,

illegal or violative of the Bank’s code of conduct.

(c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and we have evaluated the

effectiveness of internal control systems of the Bank pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the auditors

and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the

steps taken or proposed to be taken to rectify these deficiencies.

(d) We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit committee:

(i)

significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

(ii) significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the

financial statements; and

(iii) instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or

an employee having a significant role in the Bank’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Sd/-

Sd/-

Rajeev Ahuja

Amrut Palan

interim: Managing

letter of even date which is annexed

as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

ANNEXURE A

To

The Members,

RBL Bank Limited

1st Lane, Shahupuri,

Kolhapur – 416001

Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along with

this: letter.

1.

The compliance of provisions of all laws, rules, regulations,

standards applicable to RBL Bank Limited (hereinafter

called ‘the Bank’) is the responsibility of the management of

the Bank. Our examination was limited to the verification of

records and procedures on test check basis for the purpose

of issue of the Secretarial Audit Report.

2.

Maintenance of secretarial and other records of applicable

laws is the responsibility of the management of the Bank.

Our responsibility is to issue Secretarial Audit Report,

based on the audit of the relevant records maintained and

furnished to us by the Bank, along with explanations where

so required.

3.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial and

other legal records, legal compliance mechanism and

corporate conduct. Further the verification was done on

test check basis to ensure that correct facts as reflected

in secretarial and other records produced to us. We believe

that the processes and practices we followed, provides a

reasonable basis for our opinion for the purpose of issue of

the Secretarial Audit Report.

4.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Bank.

5.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management

representation about list of applicable laws, compliance

of laws, rules and regulations and major events during the

audit period.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Bank nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Bank.

Place : Mumbai

ALWYN JAY & Co.

Date : August 22, 2022

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Office Address :

[Alwyn D’Souza, FCS.5559]

Annex-103, Dimple Arcade,

[Partner]

Asha Nagar, Kandivali (East),

[Certificate of Practice No.5137]

Mumbai 400101.

[UDIN : F005559D000823365]

Annexure II

Annexure III

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)

1.

Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company

The Bank’s CSR goal is to be the most admired, compassionate, and respected organization delivering value to all stakeholders

through equitable and inclusive growth. This happens through various focused initiatives in Health, Education, Livelihood

Opportunities (H.E.LO.), that catalyze growth and reduce social inequalities. The Bank does this together with like-minded

partners from public and private sectors and with the commitment of our own highly skilled workforce. The Bank encourages

employees to volunteer and fundraise and supports their efforts to make a difference by according weightage for volunteering

in their goal sheets.

The Bank’s CSR efforts are headed by the CSR Committee of the Board. The key objective of Bank’s CSR policy is to ensure an

increased commitment at all levels in the organization to operate its business in an economically, socially, and environmentally

sustainable manner, while recognizing the interests of all its stakeholders.

CSR Vision

To be the most admired, compassionate, and respected organization delivering value to all stakeholders through equitable and

inclusive growth.

CSR Mission

To deliver and promote inclusive growth in the country through various focused initiatives in Health, Education, Livelihood

Opportunities with Women Empowerment at its center, to catalyze growth and reduce social inequalities.

Community As the Cause has been the Bank’s way of functioning. The programmes undertaken are chosen in line with the CSR

Committee approved strategy of 5 Ss (Sector, Segment, Spatial, Support and Synergy), ensuring engagement with communities

where the Bank operates as well as priority areas outlined by the government.

2.

Composition of CSR Committee as on 31st March 2022

S.

No.

Name of Director

DIN

Designation / Nature of

Directorship

No. of meetings of CSR

Committee held during

the year

No. of meetings of CSR

Committee attended

during the year

1

Mr. Vijay Mahajan

00038794

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman of CSR Committee

DIN (07825083)

DIN (00038794):

Managing Director & CEO

(b) Details of the BR head:

No.

Particulars

RBL

RFL

1.

DIN Number (if applicable)

00003545

06656213

2.

Name

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

Mr. Vikas Muttoo

3.

Designation

Executive Director: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (interim)

Membership No.: 409797

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

Manjeev Singh Puri

For CNK & Associates LLP

Director

Director

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101961W/W100036

Suresh Agaskar

Amrut Palan

Niti Arya

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 110321

Place : Mumbai

Date: May 12, 2022

As per our report of even date attached

For and on behalf of RBL Bank Limited

For Haribhakti & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 103523W/W100048

Diwaker Sudesh Bansal

Prakash Chandra

Rajeev Ahuja

Partner

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (interim)

Membership No.: 409797

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

Manjeev Singh Puri

For CNK & Associates LLP

Director

Director

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101961W/W100036

Suresh Agaskar

Amrut Palan

Niti Arya

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 110321

Place : Mumbai

Date: May 12, 2022:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer till December 25, 2021, proceeded on leave with effect

from December 25, 2021)

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja (Executive Director till December 25, 2021, appointed as interim: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer is not considered

‘x’ denotes the mean pay for the Bank as a whole (excluding sub-staff)

Payment of compensation in the form of profit related commission to the non-executive directors.

(R in crore)

Particulars

2021-22

2020-21

Amount of remuneration paid during the year (pertains to preceding year)

0.28

0.30

Schedules

forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2022

The basis for arriving at the representative set of situations to invoke the malus and clawback clauses applicable on entire

variable pay are Misconduct, assessed divergence in performance, working against the interest of the Bank.

D.

Description of the ways in which the Bank seeks to link performance during a performance measurement period with

levels of remuneration.

The Performance Management process includes employees setting performance goals at the beginning of the fiscal year

that are aligned to five themes namely, Shareholder Value as the Focus, Customer at the Heart, Employee as the Pillar and

Community as the Cause and Risk Compliance. Employees are appraised and evaluated against these set of goals at the

end of the review period. Employee performance and competence assessment are both considered for determining the

performance rating. This has a direct correlation with the increments and variable pay to be awarded to the employee for

the period of assessment.

E.

A discussion of the bank’s policy on deferral and vesting of variable remuneration and a discussion of the bank’s

policy and criteria for adjusting deferred remuneration before vesting and after vesting.

The variable pay will be in the form of share-linked instruments, or a mix of cash (referred as variable pay - cash or VPC)

and share-linked instruments.

The Bank has defined composition, limit, deferral and period of deferral arrangement for Variable Pay. It has also laid down

guidelines on vesting, inclusion of share linked instruments as a part of variable pay and malus/ clawback norms.

As per the RBI guidelines, Variable Pay - Cash will be paid in a staggered manner based on the quantum of Variable Pay -

Cash. The schedule (timing and quantum) of payout of Variable Pay - Cash is described in the Compensation policy of the

Bank.

For WTDs and MRTs, a minimum of 60% of the total variable pay will be under deferral arrangements. Further, if

Variable Pay – Cash is being paid as a part of variable pay, at least 50% of Variable Pay - Cash will also be deferred.

However, in cases where Variable Pay - Cash is under R 0.25 crore, deferral requirements would not be necessary

For Risk Control & Compliance Staff and other category employees, Deferral will be applicable in case where Variable

Pay - Cash is more than 40% of fixed pay and if it is greater than or equal to R 0.25 crore.

For variable pay in the form of share-linked instruments, i.e., ESOPs, deferred remuneration will either vest fully at the end

of the deferral period or be spread out over the course of the deferral period. The first such vesting shall not be before one

year from the commencement of the deferral period. The vesting shall not be faster than on a pro rata basis. Additionally,

vesting shall not take place more frequently than on a yearly basis to ensure a proper assessment of risks before the

application of ex post adjustments.

Period of deferment and vesting for share-linked instruments i.e., ESOP will be as per the schedule specified in the ESOP

scheme.

F.

Description of the different forms of variable remuneration (i.e., cash and types of share-linked instruments) that the

Bank utilizes and the rationale for using these different forms.

Various forms of variable remuneration used by the Bank are:

Variable Pay – Cash (VPC): VPC provides cash bonus in short to medium term to employees. The Bank utilizes VPC to

reward superior performance.

Employee stock option (ESOP) plan: Employee stock option plan is a long-term remuneration benefit. ESOP is equity

settled through which the employees will receive one equity share per option after vesting/ exercise. The stock options

granted to employees vest over a period of three / four years, generally. Apart from rewarding for superior performance,

ESOP is also used as a reward to align employee interests with the Bank, create long term ownership and commitment.

Schedules

forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2022:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (MD&CEO) /Chairman and other

Board members. The committee is responsible for evaluating the overall risks faced by the Bank including liquidity risk. The

potential interaction of liquidity risk with other risks is included in the risks addressed by the Risk Management Committee. At

the executive level, Asset Liability Management Committee (ALCO) ensures adherence to the risk limits set by the Board and

implements the liquidity risk management strategy of the Bank. ALM team within Treasury function of the Bank is responsible

for the day-to-day / intra-day liquidity management. ALCO channelizes various business segments of the Bank to target good

quality asset and liability profile to meet the Bank’s profitability as well as liquidity requirements.

High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLAs) under LCR are divided into two parts i.e. Level 1 and Level 2 HQLA.

Level 1 HQLA comprises primarily of cash, excess CRR, government securities in excess of SLR , Marginal Standing Facility

(currently 2% of NDTL) and Facility to Avail Liquidity for Liquidity Coverage Ratio (FALLCR) as permitted under prudential

guidelines (Currently 15%).

Level 2 HQLA comprises of investments in highly rated non-financial corporate bonds, debentures, commercial papers issued

by non-financial institutes and are further considered at prescribed haircuts.

Cash outflows are calculated by applying prescribed outflow run-off factors to contractual outflows on account of various

categories of liabilities and cash inflows are calculated by applying prescribed weights and factors to the contractual inflows.

Additionally, probable outflows on account of contingent liabilities such as letters of credit (LC) and bank guarantees (BGs) and

undrawn commitments both for fund & non fund based exposures are considered by applying prescribed run-off factors. The

Bank has also considered the impact of derivative portfolio in LCR as per RBI guidelines and it has very minimal impact on the

liquidity of the Bank. The Bank does not provide clearing or custodial services eligible for operational deposits under the extant

guidelines. Hence, operational deposits are not applicable to the Bank.

The Bank computes LCR on a daily basis in accordance with RBI guidelines. LCR is reported as a simple average of daily

observations for the quarter. The Bank believes that all inflows and outflows which might have a material impact under the

liquidity stress scenario have been considered for the purpose of LCR.

Banks are required to maintain a LCR of 100% with effect from January 1, 2019. Given below is the quarterly average LCR

maintained by the Bank for past years against the minimum prescribed by RBI.

Quarter Ended

Average LCR Maintained

LCR Required

31-Mar-22

137.68%

100%

31-Dec-21

146.42%

100%

30-Sep-21

154.76%

100%

30-Jun-21

133.56%

100%

31-Mar-21

153.58%

90%

31-Dec-20

163.90%

90%

30-Sep-20

170.80%

80%

30-Jun-20

163.95%

80%

Schedules

forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2022

36. Contingent Liabilities

Description of nature of contingent liabilities is set out below:

i)

Claims against the Bank not acknowledged as debts:

These represent claims filed against the Bank in the normal course of business relating to various legal cases currently in

progress.

ii)

Liability for partly paid investments:

These represent contingent liability on account of possible claims for uncalled amount by the issuer of the securities held

by the Bank.

iii)

Liability on account of forward exchange and interest rate contracts:

The Bank enters into foreign exchange contracts currency options, forward rate agreements, currency swaps with inter-

bank participants on its own account and for the customers. Forward exchange contracts are commitments to buy or

sell foreign currency at a future date at the contracted rate. Currency swaps are commitments to exchange cash flows

by the way of interest/principal in one currency against another, based on pre-determined rates. Interest rate swaps are

commitments to exchange fixed and floating interest rate cash flows. The amount recorded as contingent liability with

respect to these contracts represents the underlying notional amounts of these contracts.

iv)

Guarantees given on behalf of Constituents, Acceptances, Endorsement and other obligations:

As a part of its corporate banking activities, the Bank issues documentary credit and guarantees on behalf of its customers.

Documentary credits such as letters of credit enhance the credit standing of the customer of the Bank. Guarantees

generally represent irrevocable assurances that the Bank will make the payment in the event of the customer failing to

fulfill its financial or performance obligations.

v)

Acceptances, endorsements and other obligations:

These include documentary credit issued by the Bank on behalf of its customers and bills drawn by the Bank’s customers

that are accepted or endorsed by the Bank.

vi)

Other contingent items:

a.

Commitments for settlement date accounting for securities transactions;

b.

Demands raised by income tax and other statutory authorities and disputed by the Bank.

c.

Amount transferred to RBI under the Depositor Education and Awareness Fund (DEAF).

The Bank makes provident fund contributions to an independently administered Trust. The Bank is currently in dispute with

the Provident Fund authorities regarding applicability of the Employees Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act,

1952 (the ‘Act’) on the Bank and the matter is pending with Central Government Industrial Tribunal, Mumbai (“CGIT”) for

further adjudication.

Any potential likely impact on the financial statements in view of the above will be ascertained on the decision of the

Central Government Industrial Tribunal, Mumbai and on clarification from the Provident Fund authorities / courts, if any.

Refer Schedule 12 for amounts relating to contingent liabilities.

37. The Bank has not issued any Letters of comfort and Letters of Undertaking during the year (previous year - Nil):

letter F. No. 2/12/2020-BOA.I dated 23rd October 2020, informed that the

central government have approved “Scheme of grant of ex-gratia”. The Bank was required to make the payments for difference

between the compounding interest and the simple interest for six months starts from 1st March 2020 to 31st August 2020 to

the borrowers of specified loan categories. The Bank had paid R 69.92 crore as ex gratia to its borrowers as per the scheme

framed by the governments and received the reimbursement claim during the year from the Central government through State

Bank of India.

50. In accordance with the instructions in RBI circular dated April 7, 2021 on ‘Asset Classification and Income Recognition following

the expiry of Covid-19 regulatory package’, the Bank shall refund / adjust ‘interest on interest’ charged to all borrowers including

those who had availed of working capital facilities during the moratorium period, irrespective of whether moratorium had been

fully or partially availed, or not availed. During the previous year, the Bank has created a liability towards estimated interest relief

and reduced the same from the interest income. The Bank has made the payment R 8.11 crore in the current year.

51. During the financial year ended March 31, 2022, other than the transactions undertaken in the normal course of banking

business and in accordance with extant regulatory guidelines and Bank’s internal policies, as applicable:

the Bank has not granted any advance/loans or investments or provided guarantee or security or the like to any other

person(s) or entities with an understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, to further lend/invest/provide

guarantee or security or the like to any other person on behalf of the Bank.

the Bank has not received any funds from any person(s) or entities with an understanding, whether recorded in writing

or otherwise, that the Bank shall further lend or invest or provide guarantee; or security or the like in any other person on

behalf of and identified by such person(s)/entities.

52. Investor Education and Protection Fund

The unclaimed dividend amount, due for transfer to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) during the current and

previous year, has been transferred without any delay.

53. Implementation of IFRS converged Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS)

The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) has issued a revised set of accounting standards, Indian Accounting

Standards (Ind AS) which largely converges the existing Accounting Standards (AS) as issued by ICAI and further notified by

Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) with global accounting standards, named, International Financial Reporting Standards

(IFRS). The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), Government of India notified the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards

(Ind AS)) Rules, 2015 on February 16, 2015 for adoption and outlining the roadmap for implementation of Ind AS for banking

companies. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) vide its latest circular on Ind AS implementation dated March 22, 2019 has further

deferred the implementation of Ind AS for scheduled commercial banks till further notice.

The Bank has formed a Steering Committee for Ind AS implementation. The Committee reviews the progress of implementation

and provides guidance and necessary directions on critical aspects like technology, people, business impact and project

management. An update on Pro-forma Ind AS financials is placed before the Audit Committee on a half yearly basis. The Bank

has submitted Pro-forma Ind AS financial statements to RBI for the periods as required by RBI.

54. Figures for the previous year have been regrouped / reclassified wherever necessary to conform to current years’ presentation

unless where specified.

For Haribhakti & Co. LLP

For and on behalf of RBL Bank Limited

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 103523W/W100048

Diwaker Sudesh Bansal

Prakash Chandra

Rajeev Ahuja

Partner

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (interim)

Membership No.: 409797

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

Manjeev Singh Puri

For CNK & Associates LLP

Director

Director

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101961W/W100036

Suresh Agaskar

Amrut Palan

Niti Arya

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 110321

Place : Mumbai

Date: May 12, 2022

As per our report of even date attached

For and on behalf of RBL Bank Limited

For Haribhakti & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 103523W/W100048

Diwaker Sudesh Bansal

Prakash Chandra

Rajeev Ahuja

Partner

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (interim)

Membership No.: 409797

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

Manjeev Singh Puri

For CNK & Associates LLP

Director

Director

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101961W/W100036

Suresh Agaskar

Amrut Palan

Niti Arya

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 110321

Place : Mumbai

Date: May 12, 2022:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer till December 25, 2021, proceeded on leave with effect

from December 25, 2021)

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja (Executive Director till December 25, 2021, appointed as interim: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (interim)

Membership No.: 409797

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

Manjeev Singh Puri

For CNK & Associates LLP

Director

Director

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101961W/W100036

Suresh Agaskar

Amrut Palan

Niti Arya

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 110321

Place : Mumbai

Date: May 12, 2022

Schedules

forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2022

For and on behalf of RBL Bank Limited

Prakash Chandra

Rajeev Ahuja

Chairman: Managing

