Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(CEO) of the Company:

“RESOLVED THAT in furtherance to the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

and Board of Directors and pursuant to Section 34A of the Insurance Act, 1938 , as amended and read with

applicable notifications issued thereunder (“Insurance Act”) and other applicable provisions of the Insurance

Act, if any, applicable Guidelines issued by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India

(“IRDAI”) from time to time and pursuant to Sections 196 and 197 of Companies Act 2013 read with Schedule

V of Companies Act 2013 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”), as amended

and read with the applicable notifications issued thereunder (the “Companies Act, 2013”) and provisions of

the Articles of Association of the Company, approval of members be and is hereby accorded to the revision

in remuneration, subject to the approval of IRDAI, of Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma (DIN: 08740737), Managing

Director & CEO of the Company, with effect from April 1, 2022::

Managing Director

& CEO of the Company, shall not exceed the limits laid down under Sections 197 and 198 of Companies Act

2013 read with the Rules framed thereunder including any statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company or Nomination & Remuneration

Committee or any Committee thereof and / or the Chief Financial Officer and / or the Company Secretary

of the Company be and is/ are hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as they may

consider necessary, expedient or desirable for giving effect to the foregoing resolution and to settle any

question or doubt that may arise in relation thereto.”

5.

To consider, and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution for Alteration of

Articles of Association of the Company

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 14 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the

Companies Act, 2013, the Rules made thereunder (including any statutory amendment(s) or modification(s)

or re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force), and subject to regulatory approvals, to the extent

required or necessary, the Members of the Company hereby approve the following alterations to the Articles

of Association of the Company:

a)

The Article 132 of the Articles of Association shall be substituted by the following:

Until otherwise determined by a Special Resolution of the Company and subject to the provisions

of Section 149 of the Act, the number of directors shall not be less than three nor more than Fifteen

including Independent Directors, Woman Director, Nominee Directors and Debenture Directors.

b)

The proviso to Article 140 of the Articles of Association to be substituted by the following:

The Board of Directors of the Company, subject to the provisions of the Act and other statutory

provisions applicable, shall have the power to appoint a person, not being a person holding any alternate

directorship for any other director in the Company, to act as an alternate director for a director during

his absence for a period of not less than three months from India. Provided that no person shall be

appointed as an alternate director for an independent director unless he is qualified to be appointed

as an independent director under the provisions of this Act. Provided further that an alternate director

shall not hold office for a period longer than that permissible to the director in whose place he has been

appointed and shall vacate the office if and when the director in whose place he has been appointed

returns to India. Provided also that if the term of office of the original director is determined before he

so returns to India, any provision for the automatic re-appointment of retiring directors in default of

another appointment shall apply to the original, and not to the alternate director.

c)

The Part (i) to Article 173 of the Articles of Association to be substituted by the following:

The quorum for the Meetings of the Board, including any Committee thereof, shall be presence of one

third of the Directors or two Directors, whichever is higher. For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that

the participation of directors by video conferencing or other audio-visual means shall also be counted

for the purposes of quorum.

d)

The Part (xxvi) to Article 187 of the Article of Association to be substituted by the following:

Subject to applicable law and provisions of these Articles, the following matters are required to be

mandatorily brought before the Board for their consideration:

(i)

Development of the business plan, approval of any change to, or any update of, the business plan

and each annual budget of the Company;:

letter

dated July 13, 2022 received from State Bank of India, the consent of the members of the Company be and

is hereby accorded for the appointment of Mr. Swaminathan Janakiraman (DIN: 08516241), as a Nominee

Director on the Board of the Company w.e.f. July 20, 2022.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company or the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee or any Committee thereof and / or the Chief Financial Officer and / or the Company Secretary

of the Company be and is/ are hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as they may

consider necessary, expedient or desirable for giving effect to the foregoing resolution and to settle any

question or doubt that may arise in relation thereto.”

By order of the Board of Directors

Sd/-

Vinod Koyande

Company Secretary

ACS 33696

Place: Mumbai

Date: July 28, 2022

Registered Office:

“Natraj”, M.V. Road, Western Express Highway Junction,

Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400069

CIN - L99999MH2000PLC129113:

Letter of Authorization/ Power of Attorney (“PoA”), etc.,

authorizing their representative(s) to attend and vote at this AGM through electronic means, through their

registered email address to the e-voting service provider viz., KFin Technologies Limited. (‘KFintech’) and/

or to the Scrutinizer viz., M/s. N L Bhatia, Practicing Company Secretaries on their email addresses i.e.

evoting@kfintech.com and bhaskar@nlba.in

VI. In case of joint holders, a member whose name appears as the first holder as per the Register of Members

will be entitled to cast vote at the AGM.

VII. In compliance with the regulatory provisions, the Annual Report of the Company for FY 2021-22 along with

the Notice of the 22nd AGM has been sent electronically only to those shareholders who have registered

their email addresses with their DPs/ RTA/ the Company, as applicable, upto the cut-off date i.e. Friday, July

29, 2022. The same is also hosted on the Company’s website i.e. www.sbilife.co.in and also on the website of

the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and

www.nseindia.com respectively and is also available on the website of Remote e-Voting service provider i.e.

KFintech at https://evoting.kfintech.com.

VIII. Members holding shares in physical form are requested to note that in terms of Regulation 40 of SEBI Listing

Regulations, as amended, securities of listed companies can be transferred only in dematerialized form with

effect from April 1, 2019, except in case of request received for transmission or transposition of securities.

In view of this and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares, Members holding shares in physical

form are requested to consider converting their holdings to dematerialized form.

Shareholders are requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, email

address, mobile/ phone numbers, Permanent Account Number, mandates, nominations and bank details

etc., to their Depository Participants (“DPs”) in case shares are held by them in electronic form and to KFin:

letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorised signatory(ies)

who is/are authorised to vote, to the Scrutinizer through email at bhaskar@nlba.in with a copy

marked to evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of the above documents should be in the

naming format ‘BAL_EVENT No.’

xii. Members can cast their vote online starts on Thursday, August 25, 2022 at 09:00 A.M. and

ends at 05:00 PM IST on Sunday, August 28, 2022. Voting beyond the said date shall not be

allowed and the remote e- voting facility shall be blocked.

xiii. In case of any queries/grievances, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions

(FAQs) for Members and e-voting User Manual available at the ‘download’ section of

https://evoting.kfintech.com (KFintech Website) or email at einward.ris@kfintech.com or call

KFintech on 1800 309 4001 (toll free).

7.

As per the SEBI circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on

e-voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual members holding securities in demat

mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and DPs.

Members are advised to update their mobile number and email-id in their demat accounts in order

to access e-voting facility:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

of the Company for a period of 3 years with effect from May 9, 2020 in accordance with the consent of the

members, and approval of Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India (“IRDAI”) in terms of Section

34A of the Insurance Act, 1938.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee & the Board, vide its resolution dated July 27, 2022 & July 28,

2022 respectively, had recommended the proposal for revision in the remuneration of Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma

with effect from April 1, 2022 as part of usual annual compensation review, keeping in view the performance

achieved by the Company and Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma’s performance and contribution.

The revision in the remuneration is also subject to the prior approval of IRDAI under Section 34A of the Insurance

Act, 1938.

It may be noted that the Company, being an Indian Insurance Company in terms of the Insurance Act, 1938

and read with applicable notifications issued thereunder, the provisions relating to remuneration, including

amendment thereof, of: Managing

letter dated July 13,

2022 nominated Mr. Swaminathan Janakiraman as SBI Nominee for appointment as Nominee Director on the

Board of the Company.

Pursuant to the provisions of the Regulation 17(1C) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, the listed entity shall ensure that approval of shareholders for appointment of a person on the

Board of Directors or as a manager is taken at the next general meeting or within a time period of three months

from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier.

Accordingly, based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company

at its meeting held on the July 20, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company had approved the appointment

of Mr. Swaminathan Janakiraman as the Nominee Director on the Board of the Company with effect from July

20, 2022, subject to the approval of the shareholders and other requisite approvals as may be required under

applicable provisions of various laws.

The Company has received the necessary disclosures and declarations from Mr. Swaminathan Janakiraman

including the declaration that he is not debarred from holding the office of director pursuant to any SEBI Order or

any other such authority. Mr. Swaminathan Janakiraman holds necessary qualification, experience and expertise

as per the Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company.

The Company has duly received a notice in writing regarding candidature of Mr. Swaminathan Janakiraman for

appointment as Nominee Director on the Board of the Company.

The Board recommend the passing of the Ordinary Resolution, set out at Item no. 6 of this notice, for approval of

the members.

None of the Directors, Manager, Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives except Mr. Swaminathan

Janakiraman and his relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed resolution.

SBI is interested in this resolution as Mr. Swaminathan Janakiraman is nominated by SBI.

By order of the Board of Directors

Sd/-

Vinod Koyande

Company Secretary

ACS 33696

Place: Mumbai

Date: July 28, 2022

Registered Office:

“Natraj”, M.V. Road, Western Express Highway Junction,

Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400069

CIN - L99999MH2000PLC129113:

Managing Director & CEO

16

Key Performance Indicators

18

Operational Excellence

22

Our approach to value creation

Our Value Creation Model

26

Stakeholder Engagement

28

Materiality

30

Enterprise Risk Management

32

Operating Context

36

Our Strategy

38

Sustainability, responsible efforts for

the planet and society

Our Sustainability Approach

43

Environment

44

People

46

Community

53

Corporate governance

Governance

56

Board of Directors

58

Management Team

60

Awards

62

Statutory Reports

Management Discussion and Analysis

64

Directors’ Report

87

Corporate Governance Report

112

Business Responsibility Report

165

Management Report

174

Financial Statements

Independent Auditors’ Report

184

Comments of the Comptroller and

Auditor General of India (C&AG)

195

Financial Statements

196

Additional Information

Embedded Value

374

Independent Actuary’s Opinion

376

Corporate Information

377

Glossary of Terms

378

`37.04 bn

VALUE OF NEW BUSINESS

(VoNB)

`254.57 bn

NEW BUSINESS PREMIUM

(NBP)

23% Y-O-Y

`2,674.09 bn

ASSETS UNDER

MANAGEMENT (AUM)

21% Y-O-Y

2.05

SOLVENCY RATIO

`116.21 bn

NET WORTH

12% Y-O-Y

`15.06 bn

PROFIT AFTER TAX

3% Y-O-Y

25.9%

VALUE OF NEW BUSINESS

(VoNB) MARGIN

`396.25 bn

INDIAN EMBEDDED VALUE

(IEV)

#bn: billion, mn: million

`267.28 mn

CSR SPEND:

Dear Stakeholders,

The global economy was on the path

of recovery in 2021, post significant

disruption due to Covid-19 pandemic.

Vaccinations have proven effective in

mitigating the adverse health impacts

of Covid-19. Overall, 2021-22 remained

volatile with global prospects getting

impacted by economic fallout of the

pandemic.

backdrop of pandemic, the need for

financial immunity led to many first-

time buyers of health and life insurance,

the trend is expected to continue.

The key factors driving the long-term

potential of India's life insurance

industry remains intact. Your Company

is well positioned to capitalise on the

emerging opportunities, backed by a

facilitative regulatory environment and

government policy support in order to

increase the insurance penetration.

In FY 2022 life insurance industry has

seen a growth of 13% in New Business

Premium. The life insurance industry is

expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.3%

between 2019 to 2023. Growing middle

class, young insurable population and

growing awareness of the need for

protection and retirement planning will

be factors leading to the growth of life

insurance in India.

We are delighted to report another

successful year of robust performance

and we have maintained our leadership

position in private life insurance

sector while caring for our customers

and other stakeholders during

this challenging times. It gives me

great pleasure to place before you

the highlights of your Company's

performance for FY 22.

Your Company is one of the most

trusted life insurance companies in India

continuing to deliver a wide range of

products and services in the remotest

corners with a widespread distribution

network. Your Company has been

driven with a focus on customer centric

profitable growth. The GWP grew by

17% to `587.60 billion and the Value of

New Business stands at `37.04 billion.

During FY22, the Company settled over

Always looking forward for a

secured future

14

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited:

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO

I am pleased to inform you that SBI

Life has delivered another year of

spectacular performance across all

key parameters. This market-leading

performance is a reflection of our

customers’ strong belief in the ‘SBI Life’

brand. It’s also a testament to our stable

and scalable business model, strong

financial profile and agile responses to

a dynamic environment. Keeping the

customer at the heart is something we

have been doing right from the very

beginning of our business operation.

Our emphasis on growing our digital

strength is directly linked to increasing

customer satisfaction and experience

and offering them solutions at attractive

prices. Our emerging digital platform,

widespread distribution network and

relentless workforce have been the

backbone to our leadership position

amongst the private players.: Dear Stakeholders,

FY 2022 being on the path of economic

recovery for the world, including the

insurance industry, we have emerged

stronger and more resilient with once again

outperforming the industry average.

We are happy to announce that we

have achieved ₹587.60 billion in Gross

Written Premium(GWP), touching over

15+ million lives in FY22. During the

year, our Asset under Management

(AuM) has crossed ` 2.5 trillion mark.

We saw a noteworthy growth across

key parameters, with New business

Premium(NBP) of ₹254.57 billion

registering a y-o-y growth of 23%.

We strive to maintain our leadership

position in private market while caring

for our people and delivering on our

commitment to our customers and

other stakeholders.

Performance Overview

The COVID pandemic has resulted in

a shift in customers’ perception of life

insurance as risk cover rather than an

investment product. Thus, there is now

greater awareness of the need for long-

term planning and the crucial role that

insurance plays in maintaining Financial

Immunity. This attitudinal change of the

consumer mindset is increasingly finding

reflection in our numbers. Our best-in-

class cost ratio, improved persistency

and strong premium growth have led

to deliver another sound operating

year. Our Individual NBP grew from

` 124.99 billion to ` 165.00 billion in

FY22 marking a growth of 32%. GWP

grew by 17% to ` 587.60 billion in FY 22

mainly due to 25% growth in First Year

Premium (FYP) and 12% growth in

Renewal Premium (RP) in FY 22. New

Business margin registered growth by

270 bps to 25.9% in FY22.

Our PAT for FY 2022 stands at ` 15.06

billion with 3% growth as compared

to previous year. AuM grew by 21%,

surpassing `2.5 trillion mark and stands

at ` 2,674.09 billion as on March 31,

2022. VoNB stands at ` 37.04 billion for

FY 2022. Our 13th month Persistency

ratio of Regular premium/Limited

Premium Payment under Individual

15 mn+

Lives covered in FY22

21%

Rise in AUM

Building a secured future together

16

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

In FY22, digitalisation led us to provide customers

with digital servicing platforms for faster hassle-free

services and to make the transition from Customer

Satisfaction to Customer Delight. The next phase

of our growth will be to maintain the momentum

of our digitalisation strategy by further offering

innovative digital solutions and being a ‘truly digital

organisation, while building strong network of

togetherness

Financial Statements

Additional Information

Statutory Reports

Integrated Report

17

Integrated Report 2021-22:

Managing Director of

State Bank of India handling the portfolio of International Banking, Information

Technology and Associates & Subsidiaries of the Bank. Mr. Tewari holds a

Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering, he is also a Certified Associate of

Indian Institute of Bankers and Certified Financial Planner.

Mr. Deepak Amin

Independent Director

Mr. Deepak Amin holds a Bachelor's Degree in Technology (Computer Science &

Engineering) from IIT, Mumbai and a Master's Degree in Science (Computer Science)

from Rhode Island, USA. Mr. Amin has more than 29 years of experience in the field

of Information Technology and Risk Management. He also served on the Advisory

Board of National Science and Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board, to

promote technology entrepreneurship and innovations in India.

M

M

M

M

C

M

M

M

M

M

M

M

M

Mr. Narayan K Seshadri

Independent Director

Mr. Narayan K. Seshadri has more than 40 years of experience in the field of

accounting, auditing, litigation support etc. and industry experience includes

manufacturing, process, health care, financial services, utilities, infrastructure and

technology. He worked with some large Fortune 500/FTSE 100 companies to

small start-ups in various international jurisdictions.

C

M

C

C

M

C

As at March 31,2022.

58

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma holds a Master of Science Degree in Chemistry and

is also a Certified Associate of the Indian Institute of Bankers. He brings with

him over 31 years of experience in the banking Sector. He held many important

assignments in the State Bank of India.

Length of service of

Directors (Years)

< 4

6

4 TO 6

2

Age group of Directors

(Years)

51 TO 60

4

61 TO 70

4

Committee details

Audit Committee

Investment Committee

Risk Management Committee

Policyholder Protection Committee

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

With Profits Committee

Stakeholder Relationship Committee

C Chairman/Chairperson M Member

M

M

M

M

M

C

M

C

M

M

M

M

Mr. Shobinder Duggal

Independent Director

Mr. Shobinder Duggal holds a Bachelors in Economics (Hons.) from St. Stephens

College, Delhi University and is a member of the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India. He has 36 years of work experience with Nestle and Voltas

India Limited. He was CFO of South Asia Region for Nestle and has also handled

procurement and IT/IS responsibilities. Further, he was Executive Director and

CFO in Nestle India Limited and Board member in Nestle Lanka PLC.

M

M

M

C

M

M

M

M

M

M

As at March 31,2022.

Financial Statements

Additional Information

Statutory Reports

Integrated Report

59

Integrated Report 2021-22:

Managing Director and CEO

Mr. Sharma holds a Master of Science

Degree in Chemistry and is also a

Certified Associate of the Indian

Institute of Bankers. He brings with

him over 30 years of experience in

the Banking Sector. He held many

important assignments in the State

Bank of India.

Mr. M. Anand

President - Marketing (Zone 1)

Mr. M. Anand has more than 31 years

of experience in Insurance and banking.

He holds a Bachelor’s Degree in

science and a Post Graduate degree in

management studies.

Mr. AVS Siva Rama Krishna

President - Marketing (Zone 2)

Mr. Siva Rama Krishna is a graduate

in science and a post graduate in arts

from Osmania University and Fellow

in Insurance Institute of India. Mr. Siva

Rama Krishna has overall 38 years of

experience in Insurance Industry.

Mr. Ravi Krishnamurthy

President - Operations and Information

Technology

Mr. Krishnamurthy has more than 29

years of experience in insurance and

banking. He holds a PGDBM in Human

Resources from NMIMS, Mumbai. He

has done his Executive Management

Program from The Columbia Business

School. He joined SBI Life in November

2004 and has worked across roles

like Chief Operating Officer and

President Marketing.

Mr. G Durgadas

President - Marketing (Zone 3)

Mr. Durgadas is a Science Graduate

with additional certification from the

Indian Institute of Bankers and Indian

Institute of Insurance. He also holds

certification from Indian Institute

of Corporate Affairs. Mr. Durgadas

has overall 31 years of experience in

Banking & Insurance.

Mr. Abhijit Gulanikar

President - Business Strategy

Mr. Abhijit Gulanikar has 23 years of

experience in life insurance, general

insurance, banking and corporate

finance. He holds a Bachelor’s degree in

Commerce, a Postgraduate diploma in

Management from the Indian Institute

of Management, Ahmedabad and is an

associate of the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India.

As at March 31,2022.

60

SBI Life Insurance Company Limited:

letter/

printed e- Aadhaar/ Aadhaar PVC card with digitally

signed Aadhaar Secure QR code

• Aadhaar provided in electronic form, OVSE shall -

verify the digital signature on e-Aadhaar/ Aadhaar

Paperless Offline e-KYC (XML)/m-Aadhaar

For authentication of Aadhaar number, lawful purpose

and informed consent of the Aadhaar number holder

is necessary.

4.

COVID 19

In view of COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has

assessed the overall impact of this pandemic on its

business and financials, including valuation of assets,

policy liabilities and solvency for the year ended March

31, 2022. Based on the evaluation, the Company have

made an additional reserve amounting to `2,893,383

thousand towards COVID-19 pandemic and the same

has been provided for as at 31/03/2022 in the actuarial

policy liability.

With the robust protective effect of pragmatic

COVID-19 vaccination drive covering vast majority of

the eligible population, the intensity of any subsequent

COVID-19 wave is expected to largely remain muted.

The recent macroeconomic data suggests strong

recovery giving an opportunity for the businesses to

capitalise more effectively on the emerging marketplace

and build strategic resilience for tomorrow.

The Company will continue to closely monitor any

future developments relating to COVID-19 which may

have any impact on its business and financial position.

5.

Dividend and reserves

The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting

held on March 22, 2022 has declared an interim dividend

of ` 2.00 per equity share with face value of ` 10 each

(previous year ` 2.50 per equity share with face value of

` 10 each). The total interim dividend pay-out amounts to

` 2.00 billion. No final dividend is recommended for the

year ended March 31, 2022 and the said interim dividend

declared is to be confirmed as final dividend.

In terms of Regulation 43A of Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)

the Dividend Distribution Policy of the Company is

disclosed on the website https://www.sbilife.co.in/en/

about-us/investor-relations

The Company has uploaded the details of unpaid and

unclaimed dividend on the Company’s website: https://

www.sbilife.co.in/en/about-us/investor-relations

6.

Capital and shareholding

During the year there was no fresh capital infusion by

the promoters in the Company. The authorized share

capital and paid up share capital of the Company stands

at ` 20.00 billion and ` 10.00 billion respectively. The

shareholding pattern during the year under review

is in compliance with the statutory requirement.

The shareholding pattern is provided as a part of

Form No. MGT-9 which is annexed to this Report

and under Schedule – 5A which forms part of the

Financial Statement.:

letter is sent to the Policyholders/Claimants in order

to bring it to their notice and thereby elicit a quick

response

− As an additional communication initiative,

messages are also being sent via SMS/WhatsApp

to the customer on their registered mobile number

advising them to claim the same.

− Follow up by our Regional teams with the

customers / claimant

Group business process redesign:

The core activities of the Group Operations department

involve processing of Group Business (Group Term

Insurance, Fund NB & claims, PMJJBY issuance &

claims) & servicing Group Corporate & Non-Corporate

Customers. With changes in the business environment

along with frequent customization of products and

processes, need was felt to build systems to facilitate

processing across various group business activities &

cater to the needs of high value customers/corporates.

With the focus on Digitization, Process improvements

& Enhancing Customer Experience, following initiatives

were undertaken during the period under review:

• PMJJBY

− Data Entry module was developed for facilitating

claims intimation, this has eliminated dependency

on physical claim documents.

− Towards creating visibility on PMJJBY claims,

dashboard for SBI has been created. Through this

dashboard, Bank team can generate circle wise

details on the pending cases and can support for

settlement of pending claims.

− PMJJBY Claim status update in DFS Portal through

RPA process for real time updation of data base.

− In order to streamline the reporting to DFS, Report

on State Wise summary on PMJJBY Business &

Claim figure is made available in AASAAN.

• New Enrolments under YONO ILS Scheme:

For the period under review, a total 2.19 lakhs new

members were enrolled, thus as on March 31,2022,

the total lives covered under Master Policy stand

at 6.10 lakhs. In this policy group members can

avail upto a maximum of ₹ 20 lakhs sum assured

risk coverage just on three clicks, a most seamless

process enabling issuance of e-COI instantly upon

completion of on-boarding process. This is by far the

best example of close integration with the banking

partner app to market Life Insurance to its customers

through API integration.

− Supported Bank for Revamping of proposal

Journey in SBI YONO Application.

− Revision in Sum Assured implemented in BaNCS

and YONO application.

• Group Term Insurance Process Modification

With the customization of products, change in the

macro business environment, changing regulations

& ever-increasing customer expectations, GTI

processes were revisited & enhanced to mitigate

associated risks.

− Implementation of revised NTU process guidelines

for Group Products.

− Introduction of Scheme Specific SOP’s under

Group Term Insurance non-employer employee

policies to avoid any ambiguity with respect to

Policy Term & Conditions.

− Process Modification of GTI Affinity Policies in

light of revised UW Guidelines.

− Bottlenecks in GTI process were addressed

through standardization of process, issuance of

various guidelines & circulars.

• Reva m ping

of

communic ation

un de r

Group Products:

− Auto mailer of Renewal Intimation of Sampoorna

Suraksha is initiated at defined intervals at 15days,

Directors’ Report (Contd.):

letter

of grant.

During the year ended March 31, 2022 the NRC in its

meeting held on July 26, 2021 has approved the grant

of 7,97,850 Employee Stock Options (‘Options’) to the

eligible employees under ESOS 2018.

No employee was granted options during one year

amounting to five percent or more of options granted

during that year. Similarly, no employee was granted

options during any one year, equal to or exceeding one

percent of the issued capital of the Company at the time

of grant.

During the year FY2022, the Company has not granted

any loan to its employees for purchasing shares of

the Company.

The Annual Certificate on compliance with SEBI

(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)

Regulations, 2021, issued by Secretarial Auditors of the

Company is being made available for inspection at the

forthcoming AGM.

The Scheme is in compliance with Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee

Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, as

amended from time to time (‘SEBI SBEB Regulations’).

Further, there are no changes in the scheme. The below

disclosures pursuant to the SEBI SBEB Regulations have

been placed on website of the Company at https://

www.sbilife.co.in/en/about-us/investor-relations.

The disclosures pursuant to SEBI SBEB Regulations,

Guidance Note on accounting for employee share based

payments, disclosure of diluted EPS in accordance with

‘Accounting Standard 20 - Earnings Per Share’ issued

by ICAI or any other relevant accounting standard have

been disclosed in the Notes to Accounts which form

part of financial statements in the Annual Report.

16. Prevention of sexual harassment of women at the

workplace

The Company has an Internal Complaints Committee

to investigate and inquire into sexual harassment

complaints in line with The Sexual Harassment of Women

at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal) Act,

2013. The Company has in place a policy on Anti-Sexual

Harassment, which purports the Company’s zero-

tolerance towards any form of prejudice, gender bias

and sexual harassment at the workplace. The Company

had undertaken training on e-shiksha empowered, our

digital platform, on awareness and sensitization with

respect to sexual harassment at workplace. Anti-sexual

harassment policy is uploaded on Company’s intranet,

e-bandhan, so that every employee understands the

complete framework adopted by the Company to report

and resolve instances of sexual harassment. The details

are mentioned in the Business Responsibility Report.

Further, the Company’s Policy on Prevention of Sexual

Harassment of Women at the Workplace along with the

details of Internal Complaints Committee at each Region

is accessible to all employees on the e-bandhan. During

the year FY 2021-22 under review, 5 sexual harassment

cases were filed, excluding 1 case pending from previous

financial year. Of these, all 6 cases were disposed-off

during the financial year and appropriate actions were

taken within timelines in FY 2021-22. Having an adept

POSH policy has enabled us in employer branding by

creating employee value proposition, permeating a

sense of safety amongst employees, retaining vital

talent and promoting inclusively.

17. Risk Management

SBI Life is in the business of covering life, health &

longevity risks of its policyholders on the consideration

of a premium. The Company as a part of its business,

invests the premiums received and provides long term

returns to the customers on its savings & investment

products. Risk Management therefore becomes an

integral part of its business activities. The Company

Directors’ Report (Contd.):

Managing Director

& CEO is placed at the Board Audit Committee on a

quarterly basis.:

Managing Director & CEO),

Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi (President & Chief Financial

Officer) and Mr. Vinod Koyande (Company Secretary)

are designated “Key Managerial Personnel” of the

Company, under the provisions of Section 203 of the

Companies Act 2013.

Further, in accordance with Corporate Governance

Guidelines (“CG Guidelines”) issued by IRDAI the

Company has fifteen (15) Key Management Persons

including above mentioned Key Managerial Personnel.

Declaration by Directors

All Independent Directors have registered themselves in

the Independent Director Databank and have submitted

declarations that they meet the criteria of independence

as laid down under Section 149 of the Companies

Act, 2013 along with rules framed thereunder and

Regulation 16 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations &

Disclosures Requirement) Regulations 2015. There has

been no change in the circumstances affecting their

status as Independent Directors of the Company.

The Company has also received declarations from

all its Directors as per Section 164 of the Companies

Act, 2013, confirming they are not disqualified from

being appointed as Directors of the Company. The said

declarations were noted by the Board of Directors at its

Meeting held on April 28, 2022.

‘Fit and Proper’ criteria

In accordance with Guidelines for Corporate

Governance issued by IRDAI, the Directors of insurers

have to meet the ‘fit and proper’ criteria. Accordingly,

all the Directors of the Company have confirmed

compliance with the ‘fit and proper’ criteria, prescribed

under the Corporate Governance Guidelines issued by

the IRDAI.

Directors & Officers Liability Insurance

Regulation 25 (10) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations &

Disclosures Requirement) Regulations 2015 requires

the Companies to take Directors and Officers Liability

Insurance (D&O) for all its Independent Directors. The

Company has taken D&O Insurance for all its Board

of Directors and Members of the Senior Management

Team for such quantum and risks as determined by

the Board.

Common Directorships

Pursuant to Section 48A of the Insurance Act, 1938,

the Company has obtained the necessary approval

from IRDAI for directors having common directorship

with State Bank of India (being corporate agent of the

Company).:

Managing Director & CEO alongwith the senior

management officials of the Company participate on a

call with the analysts / shareholders. The Company’s

investor relations personnel respond to specific queries

and play a proactive role in disseminating information to

both analysts and investors. All information which could

have a material bearing on the Company’s share price is

released through as per regulatory requirements.

41. Business Responsibility Report

Business Responsibility Report as stipulated under

Regulation 34 of the Listing Regulations form part of

the Annual Report and has been hosted on the website

of the Company https://www.sbilife.co.in/en/about-us/

investor-relations/annual-reports

42. Integrated reporting

The Securities Exchange Board of India had

recommended top 500 listed entities to voluntarily

prepare their Annual Report adopting the principles of

Integrated Reporting prescribed by the International

Integrated Reporting Council.

In view of the above, The Company has voluntarily

adopted the principles and has prepared its 4th

Integrated Report for FY2022 which forms part of this

Annual Report.

43. IRDAI license

The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority

of India (IRDAI) have renewed the annual license of the

Company to continue the Life Insurance Business for

the FY2022.

44. Other information

A.

Economic Capital:

The annual assessment of Economic Capital of

SBI Life was carried out as on March 31, 2022.

As part of this exercise, we have quantified the

capital requirements relating to various risks

such as Insurance Risks (Mortality risk, Morbidity

Risk, Longevity Risk, Persistency Risk, Expense

Risk, Catastrophe Risk) and Non- Insurance Risks

(Market Risk, Operational Risk, Default Risk). As

at 31st March 2022, Solvency ratio on Economic

Basis is 3.27. The Solvency Ratio on Economic

Basis has been estimated as, the ratio of excess of

economic Assets over economic Liability to Total

Economic Capital Requirement.

B.

Solvency Margin:

The Directors are pleased to report that the assets

of the Company are higher than the liabilities of the

Company and the assets are more than sufficient

to meet the minimum solvency margin level of

1.50 times, as specified in section 64 VA of the

Insurance Act, 1938 read with the IRDAI (Assets,

Liabilities, and Solvency Margin of Life Insurance

Business) Regulations, 2016. The Company has a

strong solvency ratio of 2.05 as on March 31, 2022

(Previous year ended March 31, 2021: 2.15) as

against the Regulatory requirement of 1.50.

C.

IRDAI Directions

(a)

IRDAI has issued directions under section 34

(1) of the Insurance Act, 1938 to refund the

excess commission paid to corporate agents

amounting to ₹ 2,752,948 thousand (previous

year ended March 31, 2021: ₹ 2,752,948

thousands) vide order no. IRDA/Life/ORD/

Misc/083/03/2014 dated March 11, 2014,

to the members or the beneficiaries. The

said IRDAI order has been set aside by the

Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) vide its

order dated January 29, 2020. The SAT has

remitted the matter to IRDAI with a direction

to recalculate the interest earned on advance

premium collected. Subsequently, on March

3, 2021 the Company has received notice of

institution of civil appeals filed by IRDAI in

Supreme Court against the SAT order dated

January 29, 2020. The Company on the basis

of legal opinion and good case on merits has

challenged the order of January 29, 2020

with Hon’ble Supreme Court of India vide a

Civil Appeal instituted on June 22, 2021. At

Directors’ Report (Contd.):

Managing Director & CEO are distinct and separate.

The Chairman is primarily responsible for ensuring

that the Board provides effective governance to the

Company and the responsibility of: Managing Director &

CEO is to execute the corporate strategy in consultation

with the Board.

The Board of Directors comprises of Executive

director, Non-Executive Non-Independent directors

as well as Independent Directors. There is an optimum

combination of Executive, Non-Executive and

Independent Directors. Except the Managing Director

and CEO, all other directors including

Managing Director & CEO.

The Board functions either as a full Board or through various Committees constituted to oversee specific areas. The

Board has constituted Eight Committees, namely, Board Audit Committee, Board Risk Management Committee, Board

Investment Committee, Board Policyholders’ Protection Committee, Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee,

Board Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, Board Stakeholders Relationship Committee and Board With

Profits Committee.

As per Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations, the number of Committees (Audit Committee and Stakeholders

Relationship Committee) of public limited companies in which a director is a member or chairman is within the limits

prescribed under the said regulation.

The quorum of the Board is one-third of its total strength or three Directors, whichever is higher, including at least one

Independent Director.

The composition of the Board of Directors as on March 31, 2022 is as under:

Sr.

No.

Name of the Director

(DIN)

Number of other Directorships in

Number of other

Committee

Membership#

Directorship in other listed entity

(Category of Directorship)

Indian Public

Limited

Companies*

Other

Companies@

Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director, Nominated by SBI

1

Mr. Dinesh Kumar

Khara (06737041)

5

1

Nil

1. State Bank of India (Chairman)

2. SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited (Non-

Executive - Nominee Director-Chairman)

2

Mr. Ashwini Kumar

Tewari (08797991)

8

3

4

1. State Bank of India (: Managing Director)

2. SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited (Non-

Executive - Nominee Director)

Non-Executive, Independent Director

3

Mr. Deepak Amin

(01289453)

Nil

3

Nil

–

4

Mr. Narayan K.

Seshadri

(00053563)

8

7

6

1. PI Industries Limited (Independent Non-Executive

Managing Director (MD)

of State Bank of India handling portfolio of International Banking, Information

Technology and Associates & Subsidiaries of the Bank. Prior to becoming MD at

SBI, he served as MD & CEO of SBI Cards and Payment Services Ltd.

He has been a part of SBI, for almost three decades now and has handled several

assignments for the bank, across various locations in India and abroad.

Knowledge and skills in banking operations including international banking and

information technology. He has done certification course in management from

Xavier Labour Relations Institute (XLRI).

3

Mr. Deepak Amin

Bachelor’s in Computer

Science and Engineering.

Post-graduation in

Computer Science

More than 29 years of experience in the field of Information Technology and Risk

Management.

He worked at Microsoft, USA for number of years and lead as senior engineer

in the original Internet Explorer browser team and he was also lead engineer for

Microsoft Windows Networking teams. An active angel investor in technology

startup companies. He has also served on the Advisory Board of National Science

and Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board (Department of Science

and Technology, Government of India), to promote technology entrepreneurship

and innovation in India.

Knowledge and skills in Risk Management and Information Technology, he served

the technology advisory council of Grameen foundation for Microfinance, USA.

4

Mr. Narayan K.

Seshadri

Bachelor’s in Science

and Fellow member of

Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India

More than 40 years of experience in the field of accounting, auditing, litigation

support etc. and industry experience includes manufacturing, process, health care,

financial services, utilities, infrastructure and technology. He worked with some

large Fortune 500/FTSE 100 companies to small start-ups in various international

jurisdictions.

Knowledge and skills in financial service sector, global expansion, risk management,

capital structuring and long-term succession planning, business consultancy

practice etc. He audited some of the largest foreign and private sector banks,

mutual funds, investment banks and NBFC’s. Also worked for special assignments

involving business reorganizations and transformation and transforming family run

chemicals and agricultural inputs enterprises into a professional business.

5

Ms. Usha Sangwan

Master’s Degree

in Economics and

holds Post Graduate

Diploma in Human

Resource Management

and Licentiate from

Insurance Institute of

India.

She joined LIC of India in 1981 as a Direct Recruit Officer and handled various

important positions during her 37 years of stint in LIC, finally reaching the top

position and first ever woman: Managing

Managing Director & Group

Management. He also worked for Group companies of Nestle since 1986.

Knowledge and skills in finance, governance, corporate planning and risk

management. He has attended programme at IMD, Lausanne and handled

various responsibility under corporate control, internal audit and some important

assignments at the Nestle group headquarters in Switzerland.

7

Dr. Tejendra Mohan

Bhasin

Bachelor’s Degree

in Laws, Master’s in

Business Administration

and Certified associate

of the Indian Institute of

Bankers

Dr. Bhasin is presently the Chairman, Advisory Board for Banking and Financial

Frauds. He was appointed as the vigilance commissioner in central vigilance

commission by the President of India. He has over 43 years of experience in

administration, banking and finance industry. He joined Oriental Bank of Commerce

as a Probationary Officer in June 1978 and rose to the rank of General Manager. He

served as Executive Director in United Bank of India and elevated as the Chairman

and: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, President &

Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investments Officer, Chief

Actuary & Chief Risk officer and Appointed Actuary.

As per IRDAI regulations Board Investment Committee

shall comprise of Appointed Actuary, Chief Investment

Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer

as members.

The members of the Committee are fully conversant

with the various responsibilities casted on them by

IRDAI (Investment) Regulations and any amendments

thereto. Mr. Narayan K. Seshadri, Independent Director,

is the Chairman of the Committee.:

Managing Director &

CEO

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi

President & Chief

Financial Officer

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Mr. Subhendu Kumar Bal

Chief Risk Officer

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Mr. Prithesh Chaubey

Appointed Actuary

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Mr. Gopikrishna Shenoy

Chief Investment Officer

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

¹Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara ceased as member & Ms. Usha Sangwan was appointed as member w.e.f. December 24, 2021.

² Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari was appointed as member w.e.f. July 16, 2021, Dr. Tejendra M. Bhasin was appointed as member w.e.f. July 16, 2021

and ceased as member w.e.f. December 24, 2021.

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the Board Investment Committee of our Company, inter alia, include the following:

1.

Responsible for the recommendation of the Investment Policy and operational framework for the investment

operations of the Company. The Investment Policy and operational framework should, inter alia, focus on a prudential

asset liability management supported by robust internal control systems; and encompass aspects concerning liquidity

for smooth operations, compliance with prudential regulatory norms on investments, risk management/mitigation

strategies to ensure commensurate yield on investments in line with policyholders’ reasonable expectations and

above all protection of policyholders’ funds;

2.

Put in place an effective reporting system to ensure compliance with the Investment Policy set out by it apart from

Internal/Concurrent Audit mechanisms for a sustained and on-going monitoring of Investment Operations;

3.

To submit a report to the Board on the performance of investments at least on a quarterly basis and provide an

analysis of its investment portfolio (including with regard to the portfolio’s safety and soundness) and on the

future outlook;

4.

The committee review the investment decisions and ensure the support by the internal due diligence process for

making appropriate investment decisions; and

5.

Carrying out any other function, if any, as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the Investment Committee

and any other terms of reference as may be decided by the Board and/or specified/provided under the Companies

Act, 2013 or the Listing Regulations, or by the Corporate Governance Guidelines issued by the IRDAI, or under any

applicable law.

Additionally, the Investment committee is, inter alia, responsible for implementing the investment policy approved by

the Board.

C.

Board Risk Management Committee

The Company recognizes that risk is an integral element of the business and risk management framework is essential for

the generation of shareholder value. The Board Risk Management Committee is constituted pursuant to IRDAI Corporate

Governance Guidelines and Listing Regulations.

The Company has in place a mechanism to inform the Board about the risk assessment and minimization procedures

and periodical review to ensure that management controls risk through means of a properly defined framework. The

Committee reviews the Risk Management policy of the Company, including Asset Liability Management (ALM), to monitor

all risks across the various lines of business of the Company and establish appropriate systems to mitigate such risks. The

Committee also ensures that the Company invests in a manner that would enable the Company to meet its long term

obligations and at the same time deliver optimum return to the policyholders.

Corporate Governance Report (Contd.):

Managing Director & CEO. Mr. Deepak Amin, Independent Director, is the Chairman of the Committee.

During the year under review, five (5) Board Risk Management Committee Meetings were held on the following dates and

the time gap between any two meetings was not more than four months. The details of composition and attendance at the

Company’s Board Risk Management Committee Meetings held during the FY 2021-22 are as follows:

Name of Committee Member

Nature of Directorship

Designation in

the Committee

23-Apr-21

12-Jul-21

22-Jul-22

25-Oct-21

19-Jan-22

Mr. Deepak Amin

Independent Director

Chairman

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara1

Nominee Director

Member

Absent

Present

Absent

Absent

NA

Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari2

Nominee Director

Member

NA

NA

Absent

Absent

Absent

Mr. Narayan K. Seshadri

Independent Director

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Mr. Shobinder Duggal

Independent Director

Member

Absent

Present

Present

Present

Present

Ms. Usha Sangwan1

Independent Director

Member

NA

NA

NA

NA

Present

Dr. Tejendra M. Bhasin3

Independent Director

Member

NA

NA

Present

Present

NA

Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO. Mr. Narayan K. Seshadri, Independent Director,

is the Chairman of the Committee.

Mr. Raj Narain Bhardwaj attended Committee meetings

as an invitee, in the capacity of expert/representative of

Corporate Governance Report (Contd.):

Managing Director & CEO

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

¹ Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara & Mr. Shobinder Duggal ceased as member w.e.f. December 24, 2021.

² Ms. Joji Sekhon Gill ceased as member w.e.f. September 6, 2021.

3 Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari was appointed as member w.e.f. July 16, 2021.

4 Mr. Deepak Amin, Ms. Usha Sangwan & Dr. Tejendra M. Bhasin were appointed as members w.e.f. December 24, 2021.

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the Policyholders’ Committee

of our Company include the following:

1.

Putting in place proper procedures and

effective mechanism to address complaints and

grievances of policyholders including mis-selling

by intermediaries;

2.

Ensure compliance with the statutory requirements

as laid down in the regulatory framework pertaining

to policyholders’ protection;

3.

Review the mechanism at periodic intervals;

4.

Ensure adequacy of disclosure of “material

information” to the policyholders. These

disclosures shall, for the present, comply with the

requirements prescribed by the IRDAI both at the

point of sale and at periodic intervals;

5.

Review the status of complaints of the

policyholders and take steps to reduce these

complaints at periodic intervals;

6.

Provide the details of grievances at periodic

intervals in such formats as may be prescribed by

the IRDAI;

7.

Provide details of insurance ombudsmen to

the policyholders;

8.

Shape the customer service philosophy and

policies of the organisation based on the overall

environment in the financial services industry;

9.

Oversee the functions of the customer

service council;

10. Review measures for enhancing the quality of

customer service;

11. Provide guidance to improve in the overall

satisfaction level of customers;

12. Adopt standard operating procedures to treat the

customer fairly including time-frames for policy

and claims servicing parameters and monitoring

implementation thereof;

13. Put in place a framework for review of awards given

by Insurance Ombudsman/Consumer Forums.

Analyse the root cause of customer complaints,

identify market conduct issues and advise the

management appropriately about rectifying

systemic issues, if any;

14. Review all the awards given by Insurance

Ombudsman/Consumer Forums remaining

unimplemented for more than three months with

reasons therefore and report the same to the Board

for initiating remedial action, where necessary;

15. Review of Claims Report, including status

of Outstanding Claims with ageing of

outstanding claims;

16. Reviewing Repudiated claims with analysis

of reasons;

17. Status of settlement of other customer benefit

payouts like Surrenders, Loan, and Partial

withdrawal requests etc.; and

18. Review of unclaimed amounts of Policyholders, as

required under the Circulars and guidelines issued

by the IRDAI.:

Managing Director & CEO, President & Chief Financial Officer and EVP &

Chief of HR & Management Services. Mr. Shobinder Duggal, Independent Director, is the Chairman of the Committee.

A detailed report on CSR activities is enclosed as Annexure - II of the Directors’ report.

During the year under review, five (5) Board Corporate Social Responsibility Committee Meetings during the FY 2021-22.

The details of composition and attendance at the Company’s Board Corporate Social Responsibility Committee meetings

held during the FY 2021-22 are as follows:

Name of Committee Member

Nature of Directorship

Designation in

the Committee 23-Apr-21

12-Jul-21

22-Jul-21

25-Oct-21

19-Jan-22

Mr. Shobinder Duggal1

Independent Director

Chairman

Absent

Present

Present

Present

Present

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara2

Nominee Director

Member

Absent

Present

Absent

Absent

NA

Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari3

Nominee Director

Member

NA

NA

Absent

Absent

Absent

Mr. Narayan K. Seshadri1

Independent Director

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Dr. Tejendra M. Bhasin2

Independent Director

Member

NA

NA

NA

NA

Present

Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Managing Director & CEO

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi

President & Chief Financial

Officer

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

Ms. Seema Trikannad

EVP, Chief of Human

Resource & Management

Services

Member

Present

Present

Present

Present

Present

1 Mr. Narayan K. Seshadri ceased as

Managing Director & CEO

Member

Present

Present

Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi

President & Chief Financial

Officer

Member

Present

Present

Mr. Saisrinivas Dhulipala

Independent Actuary

Member

Present

Present

Mr. Prithesh Chaubey

Appointed Actuary

Member

Present

Present

1 Mr. Narayan K. Seshadri ceased as Chairman and Ms. Usha Sangwan appointed as Chairperson w.e.f. December 24, 2021.

2 Dr. Tejendra M. Bhasin was appointed as member w.e.f. December 24, 2021.

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the With Profits Committee include the following:

1.

Maintaining the asset shares at policy level, and ensuring that only the portion of expenses representing this business

shall be allocated and interest rate credits to these asset shares represent the underlying assets of these funds;

2.

Determining the asset share for each product in accordance with the guidance or practice standards, etc. issued by

the Institute of Actuaries of India and IRDAI; and

3.

Determining and providing approval for the detailed working of the asset share, the expense allowed for, the

investment income earned on the fund of policyholders, etc. which were represented in the asset share.

H.

Board Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

The Board Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee is responsible for the redressal of shareholder grievances. The scope

and function of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee is in accordance with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013

and Regulation 20 of Listing Regulations.

Composition & Attendance

The Committee consists of two (2) Independent Directors, one (1) Nominee Director and one (1): Managing Director &

CEO. Dr. Tejendra M. Bhasin, Independent Director is the

Managing Director/Chief Executive

Officer/ Whole Time Directors of Insurers (IRDAI

Guidelines) issued vide reference no. IRDA/F&A/

GDL/LSTD/155/08/2016 dated August 5, 2016

requires the Company to make following disclosures on

remuneration on an annual basis in their Annual Report:

A.

Qualitative Disclosures

1.

Board Nomination & Remuneration Committee

The Board Nomination & Remuneration

Committee (“the Committee”) oversees the

appointment and remuneration aspects of Key

Managerial Personnel including: Managing

Managing Director and CEO:

(₹ in million)

Sr.

No.

Particulars

As on

March 31, 2022

As on

March 31, 2021

1

Number of WTD/ CEO/ MD having

received a variable remuneration award during the financial year

1

1

2

Number and total amount of sign on awards made during the financial year

Nil

Nil

3

Details of guaranteed bonus, if any, paid as joining/ sign on bonus

Nil

Nil

4

Total amount of outstanding deferred remuneration, split into cash, shares and share

linked instruments and other form

Nil

Nil

5

Total amount of deferred remuneration paid out in the financial year

Nil

Nil

6

Breakup of amount of remuneration

awarded for the financial year to show fixed and variable, deferred and non-deferred:

Fixed

Variable

Non-Deferred

Share Linked Instrument

4.90

1.42

-

-

5.49

1.78

-

-

Disclosure required with respect to Section 197(12)

of the Companies Act, 2013

(i)

The ratio of the remuneration of each director to

the median remuneration of the employees of the

company for the financial year;

Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma

15.8:1

(ii)

The percentage increase in remuneration of each

director, President and Chief Financial Officer,

Chief Executive Officer, Company Secretary or

Manager, if any, in the financial year;

The percentage increase in remuneration of MD

& CEO, President and Chief Financial Officer and

Company Secretary ranged between 15% to 34%.

(iii) The percentage increase in the median

remuneration of employees in the financial year

The percentage increase in the median

remuneration of employees, who are part of

annual bonus plan, in the financial year was around

10.85%.

(iv) The number of permanent employees on the rolls

of company;

The number of permanent employees on the rolls

of company is 18,515.

(v)

Average percentile increases already made

in the salaries of employees other than the

managerial personnel in the last financial

year and its comparison with the percentile

increase in the managerial remuneration and

justification thereof and point out if there are

any exceptional circumstances for increase in the

managerial remuneration;

The average percentage increase in the salaries

of total employees other than the Key Managerial

Personnel for fiscal 2022 was around 8.26%, while

the average increase in the remuneration of the

Key Managerial Personnel was in the range of 15%

to 34%.

(vi) Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the

remuneration policy of the company.

Yes, the remuneration is as per the remuneration

policy of the company.

(IX) Recording of Minutes of Proceedings of Board /

Board Committee Meetings:

The Company Secretary records the Minutes of the

proceedings of each Board and Board Committee

Meetings. The finalized Minutes are entered in the

Minutes Book within 30 days from the conclusion of

that meeting. The decisions and Action Taken reports

are communicated promptly to concerned departments

for their necessary action. Action taken reports on

decision or minutes of the previous meeting(s) are

placed at the succeeding meeting of the Board or Board

Committee for noting.

(X) Other Key Governance Practices

(a)

Policies, Procedures and Compliance

The Company has put in place the following Board

approved policies, which are reviewed on an annual

basis and status update of compliance is placed

before the Board / Management on regular basis.

• Prohibition of Insider Trading and Code of

Conduct for Dealing in Securities

• Whistle Blower Policy

• Fraud Prevention Policy

• Policy for Opening, Relocation and Closure of

Offices (Places of Business)

• Asset Liability Management Policy

• Compliance Policy

• Audit Policy

• Investment Policy:

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer. Based on the certification from

respective functional heads, a compliance certificate

by the: Managing

letter ref no. IRDA/

F&A/GDL/CMP/059/03/2017 and subsequent

amendments / revisions thereto. The policy aims

at laying down set of principles to engage with the

management of the investee company at a greater

level to improve governance.

(h)

Sexual Harassment Cases

The Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace

(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013

provides protection against sexual harassment of

women at workplace and for the prevention and

redressal of complaints of sexual harassment.

The Company has a laid down policy on sexual

harassment at workplace and periodical awareness

program and training is given to the employees.

The Company believes in providing a safe working

environment at the workplace.

The details of the total filed and disposed cases

pertaining to incidents under the policy are

as follows:

Particulars

No. of Cases

Number of complaints pending at the

beginning of the financial year

1

Number of complaints received during the

financial year

5

Number of complaints disposed-off during

the financial year

6

Number of complaints pending at the end

of the financial year

0

(i)

Holding Company

The Company is a listed Indian subsidiary company

of State Bank of India (SBI), which holds 55.48%

of the Company’s share capital. The Company

regularly reports all its material information to the

Stock Exchanges (“BSE” and “NSE”).

(j)

Compliance with mandatory requirements and

adoption of non-mandatory requirements

The Company has adhered to all the mandatory

requirements specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and

clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation 2 of Regulation

46 and some of the discretionary requirements

pertaining to Corporate Governance stipulated

under the Listing Regulations.

The Company has adopted following

discretionary requirements:

(a)

Modified opinion(s) in audit report:

During the year under review, there was no

audit qualification in financial statements.

The Company continues to adopt best

practices to ensure regime of unqualified

financial statements.

(b)

Separate posts of Chairman and Chief

Executive Officer:

The Company has complied with the

requirement of having separate persons for

the posts of Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer of the Company

4. Increase in Foreign Portfolio Investment Limits

in the Company

5. Appointment of Mr. Gregory Michael Zeluck as

Non-Executive Director

c)

The details of Extraordinary General Meetings (EGMs) held in last three financial years and special

resolutions passed thereat:

During the FY 2018-19; FY 2019-20 and FY 2020-21 the Company did not hold any Extraordinary

General Meeting.

d)

Details of business transacted through Postal Ballot during the FY 2021-22:

Pursuant to Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, (including any statutory

modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force) read with Rule 22 of the Companies

(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 , as amended from time to time, the General Circular No. 14/

2020 dated April 8, 2020 and the General Circular No. 17/ 2020 dated April 13, 2020, in relation to clarification

issued by the MCA, Government of India and pursuant to other applicable laws and regulations, the Company

only had remote e-Voting facility for its Members, enabling them to cast their votes electronically.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (MD & CEO) and KMPs are

as follows:

(₹ in million)

Particulars

FY 2022

FY 2021

MD & CEO

Other KMPs*#

MD & CEO^

Other KMPs*#

Basic

2.38

77.36

1.79

68.87

Allowances/Perquisites$

2.52

159.58

3.70

103.25

Retiral Benefits

0.59

14.70

0.56

19.56

Bonus@

1.42

87.80

1.78

82.06

Total

6.91

339.44

7.83

273.75

* Excluding remuneration of: Managing

Managing Director & CEO and Chief

Financial Officer on the financial statements and

internal controls relating to financial reporting for

the year ended March 31, 2022 has been obtained.

S.

Certificate from Practicing Company Secretary

The Company has obtained a certificate from

M/s. N. L. Bhatia & Associates, Practicing Company

Secretaries, confirming that none of the directors

on the board of the Company have been debarred

or disqualified from being appointed or continuing

as directors of companies by the Securities and

Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate

Affairs or any such other Statutory Authority.

T.

Compliance Certificate of the Secretarial

Auditors

The Company has annexed to this report

(Annexure - V), a certificate obtained from the

Secretarial Auditor, M/s. N.L. Bhatia & Associates,

Practicing Company Secretaries, regarding

compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance

as per Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of

Listing Regulations.

U.

Compliance with the Code of Conduct for all the

Directors and Senior Management

I confirm that all Directors and members of the

senior management have affirmed compliance with

Code of Conduct for all the Directors and Senior

Management for the year ended March 31, 2022.

Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Managing

Managing Director & CEO.

Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management

Appointment, remuneration, repatriation etc. of Key

Management Personnel such as MD & CEO and few other

Key Functional Heads like Audit, Human Resources etc.

is governed by SBI Officers’ service rules as they are on

Deputation from SBI.

Appointment of other Key Management Personnel &

Senior Management staff at SBI Life and their removal from

services of the Company are governed by the HR policies

of the Company and approved by the MD & CEO / Board

wherever applicable.:

Managing Director & CEO

5

5

6

Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari3

Member, Nominee Director

3

0

7

Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi

Member - President & Chief Financial

Officer

5

5

8

Ms Seema Trikannad

Member - EVP - Chief of Human

Resources & Management Services

5

5

1 Mr. Narayan K. Seshadri ceased as Chairman and Mr. Shobinder Duggal was appointed as Chairman w.e.f. December 24, 2021.

2 Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara ceased as member and Dr. Tejendra M. Bhasin was appointed as member w.e.f. December 24, 2021.

3 Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari was appointed as member w.e.f. July 16, 2021.

3

Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee,

CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are

disclosed on the website of the company.

: https://www.sbilife.co.in/en/about-us/investor-relations

https://www.sbilife.co.in/en/about-us/corporate-social-responsibility

4

Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects

carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the

Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014,

if applicable (attach the report).

: The Company takes cognizance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the

Companies CSR Policy Rules 2014. There are no projects for which the

impact assessment report is applicable in FY 2022.

5

Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social

responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any

Sl.

No.

Financial Year

Amount available

for set off from

preceding financial

years (in `)

Amount required

to be set-off for the

financial year, if any

(in `)

1

FY20-21

13,223,800

Nil

Total

13,223,800

Nil

6

Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5).

: ` 1,235.70 Cr

7

(a) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5)

: ` 24.71 Cr

(b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years.

: Nil

(c) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any

: Nil

(d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b- 7c).

: ` 24.71 Cr

ANNUAL REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 08740737

Shobinder Duggal

Chairman - CSR Committee

DIN: 00039580

Place: Mumbai

Date: July 28,2022

Annexure - II (Contd.):

letter of even date

which forms an integral part of this report.

Annexure - III (Contd.):

letter.

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility

of the Management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these Secretarial Records

based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial

records. The verification was done on test basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in the Secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices,

we have followed provide a reasonable basis for

our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and

appropriateness of financial records and Books of

Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of Laws, Rules and

Regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other

applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations, standards is the

responsibility of the Management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the Management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

For M/s. N. L. Bhatia & Associates

Practising Company Secretaries

UIN: P1996MH055800

Place: Mumbai

Date: June 06, 2022

Bharat R. Upadhyay

Partner

UDIN: F005436D000465995

FCS No: 5436

C P No.: 4457

P/R No.: 700/2020:

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager:

(`’000)

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD/WTD/ Manager

Total Amount

Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma, MD & CEO

1

Gross salary

a) Salary as per provisions contained in section 17(1) of the Income-tax

Act,19611

4,472

4,472

b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income-tax Act, 1961

1,845

1,845

c) Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3) Income- tax Act, 1961

-

-

2

Stock Option

-

-

3

Sweat Equity

-

-

4

Commission

-

-

-

as % of profit

-

-

-

others, specify

-

-

5

Others, please specify

-

-

Total (A)

6,317

6,317

1 Includes performance linked incentives paid in FY 2021-22 for FY 2020-21.

B.

Remuneration to other directors:

(`’000)

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of Directors

Total

Mr. Deepak

Amin

Ms. Joji

Sekhon

Gill1

Mr.

Narayan K.

Seshadri

Mr.

Shobinder

Duggal

Dr.Tejendra

M. Bhasin

Ms. Usha

Sangwan

1.

Independent Directors

•

Fee for attending board committee meetings

•

Commission

•

Others, please specify

2,525

NIL

NIL

675

NIL

NIL

3,550

NIL

NIL

3,025

NIL

NIL

2,150

NIL

NIL

1,150

NIL

NIL

13,075

NIL

NIL

Total (1)

2,525

675

3,550

3,025

2,150

1,150

13,075

2.

Other Non-Executive Directors

•

Fee for attending board committee meetings

•

Commission

•

Others, please specify

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Total (2)

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Total (B)=(1+2)

2,525

675

3,550

3,025

2,150

1,150

13,075

1 Ms. Joji Sekhon Gill ceased as an Independent Director w.e.f. September 6, 2021 due to expiry of her second term.

Annexure - IV (Contd.):

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

b)

Details of the BR head

No.

Particulars

Details

1

DIN Number (if applicable)

NA

2

Name

Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi

3

Designation

President & Chief Financial Officer

4

Telephone number

022-6191 0281

5

e-mail id

sangramjit.sarangi@sbilife.co.in

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies

a)

Details of compliance (Reply in Y/N)

No.

Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6*

P7*

P8

P9

1

Do you have a policy/ policies for....

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

N

N

Y

Y

2

Has the policy being formulated in consultation with the

relevant stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

-

Y

Y

3

Does the policy conform to any national / international

standards? If yes, specify? (50 words)

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

-

Y

Y

4

Has the policy being approved by the Board?

Is yes, has it been signed by MD/ owner/ CEO/

appropriate Board Director?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

-

Y

Y

5

Does the company have a specified committee of the

Board/ Director/ Official to oversee the implementation

of the policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

-

Y

Y

6

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

-

Y

Y

7

Has the policy been formally communicated to all

relevant internal and external stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

Y

Y

8

Does the company have in-house structure to implement

the policy/ policies.

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

-

Y

Y

9

Does the Company have a grievance redressal

mechanism related to the policy/ policies to address

stakeholders’ grievances related to the policy/ policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

-

Y

Y

10

Has the company carried out independent audit/

evaluation of the working of this policy by an internal or

external agency?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

-

Y

Y

*P6 – The aspects under this principle are not substantially relevant to the Company given the nature of business. The Company constantly

endeavors to undertake innovative initiatives to protect the environment. The Company is committed to keeping its environmental

footprints as small as possible and has taken proactive steps to reduce direct impact of its operations on the environment.

*P7 - In taking public policy positions, the Company has not advocated/lobbied through any association.

3.

Governance related to BR

a)

Indicate the frequency with which the Board of Directors, Committee of the Board or CEO to assess the BR

performance of the Company. Within 3 months, 3-6 months, Annually, More than 1 year

The company is aware of its Business Responsibilities and shall review and assess initiatives periodically.

b)

Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability Report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this report? How

frequently it is published?

The Company has published the link of BR report in its Annual report for FY 2021-22. The website link of the report

is https://www.sbilife.co.in/en/about-us/investor-relations/annual-reports

Business Responsibility Report (Contd.):

letter with SBI Life Insurance Company

Limited (the “Company”). Insurance Regulatory

and Development Authority of India (Investment)

Regulations, 2016 dated August 1, 2016 (the

“Regulations”) require the auditors to issue certificate

regarding applicable Net Asset Value (“NAV”) for

applications received as at March 31, 2022 in terms of

Schedule I (B) (11)(d) of the Regulations.

Management’s Responsibility:

2.

The preparation and maintenance of all accounting and

other relevant supporting records and documents is

the responsibility of the management of the Company.

This responsibility includes the design, implementation

and maintenance of internal controls relevant to the

applicability of NAV for applications received as at

March 31, 2022.

3.

The Company’s management is responsible for

complying with conditions stated in the Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility:

4.

Pursuant to the requirement of this certificate, it is

our responsibility to provide reasonable assurance as

to whether:

a)

The Company has declared March 31, 2022 as a

business day for accepting applications;

b)

The Company has declared NAV for March 31,

2022 on a basis consistent with its accounting

policy as disclosed in its financial statements for

the year ended March 31, 2022;

c)

The applications received on March 31, 2022, up to

3.00 p.m. have been stamped and that the NAV of

March 31, 2022 is applied for applications received

up to 3.00 p.m. as per Policy Issuance Procedure;

d)

The applications received on March 31, 2022, after

3.00 p.m. have been stamped and that the NAV of

next business day of financial year i.e. April 1, 2022

is applied for applications received after 3.00 p.m.

as per Policy Issuance Procedure.

5.

We audited financial statements of the Company as of

and financial year ended March 31, 2022 on which we

issued an unmodified audit opinion vide our report dated

April 28, 2022. Our audit of these financial statements

was conducted in accordance with the Standards

on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the

Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable authoritative

Independent Auditor’s Certificate

pronouncements issued by the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India (the “ICAI”). Those standards

require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain

reasonable assurance about whether the standalone

financial statements are free of material misstatement.

Our audits were not planned and performed in

connection with any transactions to identify matters

that may be of potential interest to third parties.

6.

In this connection, we have performed the

following procedures:

a)

Obtained representation from the management

that the Company has declared March 31, 2022 as

a business day for accepting application forms and

that it has declared NAV for March 31, 2022;

b)

Obtained the list of applications for New Business,

Renewal Premium, Top-up, Surrender, Free –

Look Cancellation, Fund Switches, Withdrawal,

and Partial Withdrawal in respect of Unit linked

Products on March 31, 2022 (together referred to

as “Application Forms”), from the Company;

c)

Selected samples of Application Forms from the

listing mentioned in paragraph 6(b) above and

verified whether:

i.

The applications received on March 31, 2022,

up to 3.00 p.m. have been appropriately

stamped; and the NAV of March 31, 2022 is

applied for such applications for the selected

samples as per Policy Issuance Procedure; and

ii.

The applications received on March 31, 2022,

after 3.00 p.m. hours have been appropriately

stamped; and the NAV of next business day

of financial year i.e. April 1, 2022 is applied for

such applications for the selected samples as

per Policy Issuance Procedure.

d)

We have read the certificate dated April 22,

2022 of the concurrent auditors of the Company,

M/s. S Panse & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants

which has been furnished to us certifying

compliance with Regulation 5 of Schedule I(B).

7.

We conducted our examination in accordance with the

Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special

Purposes (Revised 2016) issued by the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India. The Guidance Note

requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of

the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India.

8.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control

(SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits

and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and

Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

[Ref: Independent Auditor’s Certificate in accordance with the Schedule I (b) (11)(d) of Insurance Regulatory and

Development Authority of India (Investment) Regulations, 2016 dated August 1, 2016]:

Managing Director and CEO have been deputed from State Bank of India and his remuneration is included under

“Employees remuneration and welfare benefits” under “Operating expenses related to insurance business.” The details of

managerial remuneration for current and previous year are as under:

` (‘000)

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Year ended

March 31, 2022

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Mr. Mahesh Kumar

Sharma

Mr. Mahesh Kumar

Sharma (joined w.e.f.

May 9, 2020)

Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal

(up to May 8, 2020)

Mr. Arijit Basu (up to

March 09, 2018)

1

Salary and other allowances

5,763

4,870

2,693

494

2

Provident Fund, Pension fund and Gratuity

580

527

309

33

3

Perquisites

5,053

2,783

488

2

Total

11,396

8,180

3,490

529

Notes:

1.

The appointment and remuneration of managerial personnel is in accordance with the requirements of Section 34A

of the Insurance Act, 1938 and has been approved by the IRDAI.:

Managing Director

and CEO of the Company. IRDAI has accorded its approval to this appointment.

3.

The remuneration of Mr. Sanjeev Nautiyal and Mr. Arijit Basu for the year ended March 31, 2021 includes salary

arrears of previous years pertaining to their tenure as MD & CEO of the Company. The salary arrears are in

accordance with the wage revision by State Bank of India.

13. Percentage of Business Sector-wise

Sector

Particulars

Year ended

March 31, 2022

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Rural

Number of New Policies

551,652

440,907

% of rural sector policies to total policies

28.68%

26.61%

Premium Underwritten ` (‘000)

32,873,064

23,213,991

Social

Number of New Policies (including group business)

430

592

Number of New Lives

821,491

571,378

Premium Underwritten ` (‘000)

97,138

93,574

Social sector lives as a % of total lives

5.26%

4.64%

Social sector lives as a % of total lives of preceding financial year

6.67%

6.38%

Total

Number of New Policies

1,923,243

1,656,891

Number of New Lives

15,611,604

12,313,079

Note:

IRDAI (Obligations of insurers to rural and social sectors) Regulations, 2015 mandates the Company to cover 5% of the

total business procured in the preceding financial year (in terms of lives) under the social sector and 20% of the policies

written in the respective year under rural sector.

14. Investments of Funds and Assets pertaining to Policyholders’ Liabilities

a)

Allocation of investments between policyholders’ funds and shareholders’ funds

Investments made out of the shareholders’ and policyholders’ funds are tracked from inception and income

accordingly accounted for on the basis of records maintained. As and when necessary, transfers have been made

from shareholders’ investments to policyholders’ investments. In respect of such transfers, the investment income is

allocated from the date of transfer.

b)

Policyholders’ liabilities adequately backed by assets

` (‘000)

Particulars

As at March 31, 2022

As at March 31, 2021

Non-Linked

Linked

Total

Non-Linked

Linked

Total

Policyholders’ Liabilities*

1,139,595,806 1,426,253,059 2,565,848,865

959,766,129 1,162,150,186 2,121,916,315

Policyholders’ Assets

Investments

1,121,306,618 1,410,403,621 2,531,710,239

939,364,378 1,147,078,660 2,086,443,038

Loans

3,626,890

-

3,626,890

3,580,781

-

3,580,781

Net Current Assets

14,662,299

15,849,438

30,511,737

16,820,970

15,071,526

31,892,496

Total Assets

1,139,595,806 1,426,253,059 2,565,848,865

959,766,129 1,162,150,186 2,121,916,315

* including funds for future appropriation and fair value change account:

letter of grant.

The Scheme is directly administered by the Company and provides that eligible employees are granted options to

subscribe to equity shares of the Company which vest in a graded manner. The vested options may be exercised

within a specified period.

During the year ended March 31, 2022 the NRC in its meeting held on July 26, 2021 has approved the grant of the

Employee Stock Options (‘Options’) under the provisions of ESOS 2018.

The salient features of ESOS 2018 are as stated below:

Particulars

2018-19

2019-20

2020-21

2021-22

Grant date

December 11, 2018

July 23, 2019

July 21, 2020

July 26, 2021

Number of options granted

1,041,510

959,350

924,690

797,850

Exercise Price

₹ 562.45

₹ 759.01

₹ 848.44

₹ 1,031.10

Maximum term of options granted/

Contractual Life

7 years from the grant date

Graded Vesting Period

1st Year

30% of options granted

2nd Year

30% of options granted

3rd Year

40% of options granted

Mode of settlement

Equity shares

Vesting of the Options are subject to continued employment achieving a minimum annual performance rating as

prescribed in the ESOS 2018.:

Managing Director & CEO

SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd.

(Inducted w.e.f. from May 9, 2020 onwards)

Service

35. Long-term contracts

The Company has a process whereby periodically all long-term contracts are assessed for material foreseeable losses. At the

year end, the Company has reviewed and ensured that adequate provisions as required under any law/ accounting standard for

material foreseeable losses on such long-term contracts including derivative contracts has been made in the financial statements.

For insurance contracts, actuarial valuation of liabilities for all the policies which were in the books of the Company and

where there is a liability as at March 31, 2022 is done by the Appointed Actuary of the Company. The assumptions used in

valuation of liabilities are in accordance with the guidelines and norms issued by the IRDAI and the Institute of Actuaries of

India in concurrence with IRDAI.

36. Interim dividend

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on March 22, 2022 has declared an Interim Dividend of ` 2 per share for the

year ended March 31, 2022 (Previous year ended March 31, 2021: ` 2.5 per share). Accordingly, a provision of ` 2,000,741

thousands (Previous year ended March 31, 2021: ` 2,500,177 thousands) have been made towards interim dividend in the

accounts for the year ended March 31, 2022.

37. Corporate social responsibility

The Company has spent ` 267,276 thousands for the year ended March 31, 2022 (Previous year ended March 31, 2021

` 262,521 thousands) towards Corporate Social Responsibility activities mentioned in Schedule VII of The Companies Act, 2013.

` (‘000)

Sector in which project

is covered

Project details

Year ended

March 31, 2022

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Education

The Company has provided support towards the cost of education,

nutrition and overall development of underprivileged children from

the society, to give equal opportunity of learning to all.

136,879

111,397

Education

The Company has contributed towards the infrastructure

development of school premises, hostels, playgrounds and classrooms,

digital equipment for building smart classrooms, sanitation facilities,

kitchen facilities, transport facilities to various schools in rural areas

6,013

4,514

Education

Support towards infrastructure, education and training to visually

challenged, mentally & differently abled children

34,657

27,842

Education

The Company has contributed towards vocational training and skill

development of people from disadvantaged sections of the society in

order to enhance their livelihood opportunities.

5,818

1,336

Healthcare

The Company has contributed towards procurement of various

medical facilities improving infrastructure of the hospitals and

healthcare institutes, preventive care measures for cancer and

screening, and surgeries for the less fortunate children.

75,354

104,941

Environment

The Company has contributed towards making a greener planet by

planting saplings and maintaining the plantations.

8,555

1,282

PM Relief and

Disaster Relief

As a socially responsible Company, SBI Life lend its hand in the hour

of need by contributing towards disaster relief in the form of providing

relief material to the victims of flash floods, arranging clean-up and

disinfection drives, and providing warm clothes and other essentials.

The contributions for year ended March 31, 2021 include amount

paid to Covid PM Care Fund of ` 10,307 thousands.

-

11,210

Total

267,276

262,521:

letter dated

27 September 2021. To the fullest extent permitted by

applicable law, Willis Towers Watson does not accept or

assume any responsibility, duty of care or liability to anyone

other than SBI Life for or in connection with its review work,

the opinions it has formed or for any statements set forth in

this opinion.

COVID-19 is an ongoing and continuously evolving issue

which has and will continue to have significant effects on

global economic activity and insurance experience. The

actual effects of COVID-19 could have an unexpected

material impact on our findings. The level of uncertainty

affecting our conclusions and the underlying volatility of

actual outcomes is increased because of the emergence and

contingent evolution of COVID-19

Vivek Jalan, FIAI

Kunj Behari Maheshwari, FIAI

Partner

Partner

Willis Towers Watson Actuarial Advisory LLP

Registered Office:

A-210, Pioneer Urban Square

Sector- 62

Golf Course Extension Road

Gurugram-122003, India:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

Statutory Auditors

M/s S.K.Patodia & Associates

Chartered Accountants

M/s S.C. Bapna & Associates

Chartered Accountants

Mr. Vinod Koyande

Company Secretary

Mr. Pranay Raniwala

Compliance Officer

Registrar & Transfer Agents

KFin Technologies Limited

Selenium Tower B, Plot Nos. 31 & 32,

Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad, Rangareddi,

Telangana, India - 500032

Executive Committee

Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma,: Managing

