letter Ref No. 8SD/22-23/64 dated May 26, 2022

BSE btd.

Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,

Dalal Street,

Mumbai-400 081.

Scrip Code-532 477

In compliance with Regulation 34 l(a) of the SEBl (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we submit herewith the Annual Report (including Notice

of 2oth Annual General Meeting) of the Bank for the FY 2021 -22.

NationaQ Stock Exchange of India Ltd.

Exchange Plaza, Plot No.C/l, 6 Block

Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),

Mumbai-408 851.

Scrip SymbolISeries-UNIONBANK-EQ

The Annual Report of the Bank for the FY 2021-22 has also been made available on the

Bank's website www.unionbankofindia.co.in

The 2oth Annual General Meeting of the Bank i s scheduled to be held on June 30, 2022 at

11 :00 AM (IST) through Video Conferencing (VC) / Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM).

This i s for your information and appropriate dissemination.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,

(S.K. Dash)

Company Secretary

Encl.: As above

k 3 f k ?$h!T, %?I3

Srm, $?%T

h m, 239, ??dFT WTX wrdr, TbG+ m, @- 400021.

Union Bank of India, Investor Services Division, Union Bank Bhavan, 239, Vidhan Bhavan Marg, Narirnan Point, Mumbai - 400021.:

Managing Director & CEO

(from 03.06.2022):

Managing Director & CEO

(till 31.05.2022):

Managing Director & CEO of Union Bank of India since July

1st, 2017. Born on 19th May 1962, Shri Rai has more than three decades of rich banking

experience which includes heading Industrial Finance Branch, Regions and Zonal Offices.

Starting his career in 1986 as an Agricultural Finance Officer in Central Bank of India,

Shri Rai rose through ranks heading various branches at different parts of the country for

more than 17 years. On his elevation as General Manager, he was given the responsibility

of heading the department of Human Resource Development. He was the Field General

Manager of Mumbai Zone of Central Bank of India, when he was elevated to the post of

Executive Director of Oriental Bank of Commerce.

He is the Chairman of Union Bank of India (U.K.) Limited, Union Asset Management

Company, Star Union Dai-Ichi Life Insurance Company Limited, UBI Services Limited,

and Director on the Board of EXIM Bank and United India Insurance Company Limited.

Earlier, he has served on the Board of Oriental Insurance Company Limited, Canara HSBC

Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance Co. Ltd. Shri Rai also served as Head of the

Committee to advise the Banks Board Bureau (BBB) on evolving suitable training &

development programs for management personnel in Public Sector Banks.

Shri Rai was the Chairman of Indian Banks’ Association (IBA). Of his multiple

responsibilities at the IBA, he also served as Chairman, Managing Committee and

Chairman, Standing Committee on HR & IR, and Chairman, Wage Negotiation Committee.

Apart from the above, Shri Rai is presently holding the following positions:

»

Chairman, Governing Board of Institute of Banking Personnel Selection (IBPS).

»

Chairman, Committee to study and recommend a uniform system for the banks for

classification of various disciplinary cases as Vigilance and Non-vigilance.

»

President, Indian Institute of Banking & Finance (IIBF).

»

President, Bankers’ Institute of Rural & Entrepreneurship Development (BIRED).

»

President of the State Level Bankers’ Committee (SLBC) in Andhra Pradesh.

»

Member, Advisory Board for Financial Inclusion Fund of NABARD.

»

Member, Governing Council of Bankers Institute of Rural Development (BIRD).

»

Member, Depositor Education and Awareness Fund (DEAF) of Reserve Bank of India.

»

Member, Governing Board of National Institute of Bank Management (NIBM).

»

Member, Search Committee for appointment of new Director of NIBM.

»

Member, Board of Directors of National Credit Guarantee Trust Co Ltd (NCGTC)

Shri Rai is an agricultural science graduate and also a certified member of Indian Institute

of Bankers. A vivid learner, he has been benefitted of several executive development

programmes at prestigious institutions of the country. A winner of several prestigious

industry awards and accolades, Shri Rai is awarded ‘CEO with HR Orientation’ by World

HRD Congress for his distinguished approach to capability building through training

Board of Directors

efveosMekeÀ ceb[ue:

Managing Director of Mysore Minerals Limited in Industries Department.

»

Mission Director in Rural Development.

»

Commissioner in Skill Development, Entrepreneurship & Livelihood Department.

He has also worked in HCL Infosystems, private sector, as network engineer before

joining Government Service as an IAS.

Þeer De©Ce kegÀceej eEmen Jele&ceeve ceW met®evee he´ewÐeesefiekeÀer efJeYeeie, Yeejleer³e efjpeJe& yeQkeÀ, keWÀêer³e keÀe³ee&ue³e cegbyeF& kesÀ he´cegKe nw, pees

yeQkeÀ ceW lekeÀveerkeÀer efJekeÀeme, efJeMes<e ªhe mes cegêe he´yebOeve, mejkeÀejer yeQeEkeÀie Yegieleeve he´Ceeueer, meeFyej megj#ee, [eìe meWìj GVe³eve,

DeebleefjkeÀ Deveghe´³eesie, DeeF&ìer DeJemebj®evee Deeefo #es$eeW keÀe vesle=lJe keÀj jns nQ.

DeehekeÀes Yeejleer³e efjpeJe& yeQkeÀ ceW mejkeÀejer yeQeEkeÀie, efJeÊeer³e meceeJesMeve, iewj – yeQeEkeÀie SJeb yeQeEkeÀie he³e&Jes#eCe, yeQeEkeÀie efJeefve³eceve,

ceewefêkeÀ veerefle, met®evee he´ewÐeesefiekeÀer Deeefo #es$eeW ceW efJeefYeVe #eceleeDeeW ceW keÀe³e& keÀjves keÀe mece=× DevegYeJe nw. Deehe iewj- yeQeEkeÀie

efJeÊeer³e kebÀheefve³eeW kesÀ efJeefve³eceve SJeb he³e&Jes#eCe SJeb he³e&Jes#eCe keÀe³e& mes uebyeer DeJeefOe lekeÀ pegæ[s jns nQ. Deeheves efJeefYeVe JeeefCeeqp³ekeÀ

yeQkeÀeW nsleg he´Oeeve efvejer#ekeÀ DeefOekeÀejer / Jeefjÿ he³e&Jes#eer he´yebOekeÀ kesÀ ªhe ceW keÀe³e& efkeÀ³ee nw leLee Deehe he´ef¬eÀ³ee SJeb efJekeÀeme mes

mebyebefOele peesefKece DeeOeeefjle he³e&Jes#eCe (DeejyeerSme) kesÀ meeLe-meeLe yeQkeÀeW keÀer Deeeqmle iegCeJeÊee meceer#ee (SkeÌ³etDeej) mes pegæ[s jns

nQ. Deehe yeQkeÀeW keÀer efve³eecekeÀ veerefle lew³eej keÀjves ceW efJeefYeVe #eceleeDeeW mes Meeefceue jns nQ. Deeheves SkeÀ #es$eer³e ie´eceerCe yeQkeÀ ceW veeefcele

efveosMekeÀ kesÀ ªhe Yeer mesJeeSB he´oeve keÀer nQ leLee Deeheves ceewefêkeÀ veerefle efvecee&Ce he´ef¬eÀ³ee kesÀ lenle efve³eecekeÀ SJeb efJekeÀeme ceeceueeW ceW

mene³elee he´oeve keÀer nw. Deeheves Deheves ceewpetoe keÀe³e&Yeej mes hetJe& Deehe leerve Je<eeX [2019-22] kesÀ efueS jepemLeeve ceW #es$eer³e

efveosMekeÀ kesÀ heo hej keÀe³e&jle Les leLee jepemLeeve jep³e ceW cegêe he´yebOeve, efJeÊeer³e meceeJesMeve, efJeÊeer³e mee#ejlee, yeQeEkeÀie / iewj

yeQeEkeÀie efJekeÀeme, mejkeÀejer yeQeEkeÀie Deeefo kesÀ #es$e ceW keWÀêer³e yeQeEkeÀie keÀe efveJe&nve efkeÀ³ee nw.

Þeer De©Ce kegÀceej eEmen ves DeLe&Meem$e ceW mveelekeÀ leLee efJeÊe SJeb ceeveJe mebmeeOeve ceW SceyeerS keÀer efMe#ee he´ehle keÀer nw. Deehe Yeejleer³e

yeQkeÀme& mebmLeeve kesÀ meìeaHeÀeFæ[ SmeesefmeSì (meerDeeF&DeeF&yeer) Yeer nQ.:

Managing Director & CEO or to the

Executive Director/(s) to give effect to the aforesaid

Resolutions.”

By order of the Board of Directors

For UNION BANK OF INDIA

Place : Mumbai

(S.K. Dash)

Date:30.05.2022

COMPANY SECRETARY

NOTES

1. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT

The Explanatory Statement setting out the material

facts in respect of the business of the meeting is

annexed hereto.

2. HOLDING OF AGM THROUGH VIDEO

CONFERENCING (VC) OR OTHER AUDIO VISUAL

MEANS (OAVM)

a.

In view of the outbreak of the COVID-19

pandemic, social distancing norm to be followed

and pursuant to clarificatory General Circular

Nos.14/2020,

17/2020,

20/2020,

22/2020,

33/2020, 39/2020, 02/2021, 19/2021, 21/2021

and 2/2022 dated 8th April, 2020, 13th April, 2020, 5th

May, 2020, 15th June, 2020, 28th September 2020,

31st December 2020, 13th January 2021, 8th

December, 2021, 14th December, 2021 and 5th

May 2022 respectively, issued by the Ministry of

Corporate Affairs (“MCA Circulars”) and Circular

No.

SEBI/HO/

CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79

dated 12th May 2020, SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/

CIR/P/2021/11 dated 15th January 2021 and

SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2022/62 dated May

13, 2022 for Equity and Listed non-convertible

securities, issued by the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (“SEBI Circulars”) and in compliance

with the provisions of the Act and the SEBI (Listing

Obligations

and

Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations,

2015

(“Listing

Regulations”),

Communication No. F. No. 7/47/2020-BOA dated

10th July 2020 of Ministry of Finance, Government

of India, the AGM of the Bank is being conducted

through VC/OAVM Facility, which does not require

physical presence of members at a common

venue. The deemed venue for the AGM shall be the

Central Office of the Bank situated at Mumbai. The

Special business mentioned in the business Item

No.3 being unavoidable, be transacted at the 20th

AGM of the Bank through VC/OAVM.

b.

The Bank is adhering and complying with all the

provisions mentioned in the MCA Circulars. The

Bank has made all the necessary arrangements

to avoid failure of VC/OAVM connection. The Bank

has ensured sufficient and adequate security to

safeguard the integrity of the meeting.

c.

KFin Technologies Limited (KFintech) will be

providing facility for voting through remote

e-voting, for participation in the AGM through VC/

OAVM Facility and e-voting during the AGM.

d.

In line with the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars,

the Notice of the AGM will be made available on

the website of the Bank at www.unionbankofindia.

co.in, on the website of BSE Limited at www.

bseindia.com, on

the

website

of

National

Stock Exchange of India Ltd. at www.nseindia.

com and also on the website of KFintech at

https://evoting.kfintech.com.

e.

As the AGM will be held through VC/OAVM Facility,

the Route Map is not annexed in this Notice as

required under Secretarial Standard 2 issued by

the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

f.

Members may participate in the AGM through

VC/OAVM facility by following the procedure as

mentioned below which shall be kept open for

the Members from 10.45 AM (IST) i.e. 15 minutes

before the time scheduled to start the AGM and

the Bank may close the window for joining the VC/

OAVM facility 30 minutes after the scheduled time

to start the AGM. To join the VC/OAVM please

visit https://emeetings.kfintech.com with the

credentials as mentioned in the notice para no. 16

(vii) (a), (b) & (c). The helpline toll free no. 1800

309 4001 may be used for assistance with the

technology before or during the meeting.

g.

Members may note that the VC/OAVM Facility

with two-way conferencing and also pose

questions concurrently, provided by KFintech

allows participation of atleast 1,000 Members

on a first-come-first-served basis. The large

shareholders (i.e. shareholders holding 2% or

more

shareholding),

promoter,

institutional

investors, directors, key managerial personnel, the

Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination:

letter of confirmation while processing the

following service requests viz.



Issue of duplicate securities certificate;



claim from unclaimed suspense account;



renewal/ exchange of securities certificate;



endorsement;



sub-division/splitting of securities certificate;



consolidation of securities certificates/folios;



transmission and transposition.

Accordingly, Members are requested to make the said

service requests by submitting a duly filled and signed

Form ISR – 4, the format of which is available on the

Company’s website at www.unionbankofindia.co.in/

english/issuance-securities.aspx. It may be noted:

letter

etc.

together

with attested specimen signature of the

duly authorised signatory (ies) who is/

are authorised to vote, to the Scrutinizer

through email atinfo@jmja.in and may also

upload the same in the e-voting module in

their login. The scanned image of the above

documents should be in the naming format

‘EVEN……………………..’:

Dear Shareholders,

The Board of Directors are pleased to present the 103rd

Annual Report of the Bank for the Financial Year 2021-

22 together with the ‘Audited Balance Sheet’, ‘Profit &

Loss Account’, ‘Cash-Flow Statement’ and the report on

‘Management Discussion & Analysis’. The ‘Corporate

Governance Report’ and ‘Business Responsibility &

Sustainability Report’ also form part of the Annual Report

2021-22.

1. Highlights:

1.1 India’s economic growth remained resilient in FY

2021-22, as the lifting of most virus containment

measures boosted demand, keeping war-induced

price pressures from dampening the recovery. A slew

of data, from services activity to bank credit pointed to

the return of demand in the second half of FY 2021-

22. Consumer activity were encouraging, with bank

credit growth at 9.6% in FY 2021-22, up from 5.6%

in FY 2020-21. Liquidity conditions also continued

to remain in surplus. Having achieved the milestone

of over US$ 400 billion of merchandise exports in FY

2021-22, the country is aiming for an ambitious export

target of approximately US$ 800 billion for both goods

and services for the next year, nearly 19.5% higher than

that achieved in 2021-22.

1.2 The COVID-19 pandemic will go down in history as one

of the worst health crises the world has ever faced.

Its economic impact may linger for many more years

and confront us challenges of rebuilding livelihoods,

safeguarding businesses and reviving the economy.

Economic activity has barely recovered to pre-COVID

levels even after two years. India’s economic rebound

faces difficult challenges from the legacy of deep-

rooted structural bottlenecks as well as the scars

of the pandemic. The Russia-Ukraine conflict has

also dampened the momentum of recovery, with its

impact transmitting through record-high commodity

prices, weaker global growth outlook, and tighter

global financial conditions. Concerns surrounding

de-globalization impacting future trade, capital flows

and supply chains have amplified uncertainties for

the business environment. The RBI in its latest Report

on Currency and Finance, has stated that it may take

12 years for the Indian economy to recover from the

losses incurred during Covid-19 pandemic.

1.3 The global economy is in the midst of a geo-political

debacle, with heightened uncertainty complicating

the outlook. International commodity prices, which

were already on an upward spiral amidst demand-

supply imbalances, hardened precipitously in early

March 2022 and remained volatile at elevated levels

thereafter. India too is experiencing tremors from these

developments. The fallout of the war and retaliatory

sanctions is already evident in inflation prints and

balance of payments developments.

1.4 The IMF in its World Economic Outlook had slashed

global growth projections from 6.1% in 2021 to 3.6% in

both 2022 and 2023. Reasons ascribed include

the Ukraine war that has resulted in considerable

economic damage coupled with worldwide spillovers

through commodity markets, trade, and financial

channels. Elevated inflation levels are another looming

challenge complicating the trade-offs that central

banks are faced with, between containing inflation and

boosting economic growth. The war and lockdowns in

China have worsened supply disruptions, narrowing

the limited fiscal space for countries.

1.5 Notwithstanding economic uncertainties triggered

by the Russia-Ukraine war it is quite clear from all

accounts that India will remain the fastest growing

economy in the world. According to National Statistical

Organisation (NSO) estimate, India is projected to

grow 8.9% in 2021-22. The Reserve Bank has pegged

the economic growth rate for 2022-23 at 7.2%, while

IMF in its latest report projected India’s growth at

8.2% for 2022-23 and 6.9% for 2023-24. Given the

reforms undertaken by the government and the

various supportive measures by the RBI, a very strong

foundation is being laid for further rapid increase in

economic growth in the coming years. The Union

Budget 2022-23 has provided for a sharp increase in

public investment and capital expenditure. The various

government initiatives are seen to be supporting

growth and credit demand is expected to further pick up

in FY 2022-23. As per RBI, sustained thrust on capital

expenditure by the government, push to digitalization

and growing opportunities for new investment in areas

like e-commerce, start-ups, renewables, and supply

chain logistics could, in turn, contribute to step up the

trend growth while closing the formal-informal gap in

the economy.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT:

letter and spirit. A

detailed report on Corporate Governance is given in a

separate section of the Annual Report. The Corporate

Governance report for financial year 2021-22 has no

audit qualifications.

20. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

20.1 Union Bank of India has been in the forefront in

meeting its CSR commitments. Towards this the Bank

has established Union Bank Social Foundation Trust

(UBSFT) in the year 2006 as an extended arm for

carrying out the CSR activities of the Bank. UBSFT has

been incorporated aiming to support initiatives towards

Social upliftment& improving lives of underprivileged

segments. The major CSR activities of the Bank are

now being carried out through the UBSFT. Its Board is

headed by the Bank’s: Managing Director & CEO with

Executive Directors as Vice

Managing Director &

Date : 30.05.2022

Chief Executive Officer:

Managing Director and CEO

Place : Mumbai

Date : 30.05.2022:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer (MD & CEO) and four(4) Executive

Directors appointed by the Government of India besides

six(6) Non-Executive Directors who are eminent

personalities from various walks of life. Their rich and

varied experience guides the Bank in its progress and

achievements in various spheres.

2.5 The positions of Workmen Employee Director and

Officer Employee Director to be nominated by the Central

Government were vacant during the year. The positions

of CA category Director and Part-Time Non official

Directors to be nominated by the Central Government

were vacant as on 31.03.2022.:

Managing Director & CEO

1. United India Insurance Company Ltd.

ACB

Chairman

2. Union Bank of India

SRCB

Member

2

Shri Manas Ranjan Biswal,

Executive Director

1. Union Bank of India

SRCB

Member

3

Shri Nitesh Ranjan, Executive

Director

1.Union Bank of India

SRCB

Member

2. UBI Services Ltd.

ACB

Member

3.Star Union Dia-Ichi Life Insurance Co Ltd.

ACB

Member

4

Shri Rajneesh Karnatak,

Executive Director

1. Union Bank of India

SRCB

Member

2. UBI Services Ltd.

ACB

Member

5

Shri Nidhu Saxena,

Executive Director

1.Union Bank of India

ACB

Member

2. Union Bank of India

SRCB

Member

6

Shri Sameer Shukla, Government

Nominee Director

1. Union Bank of India

ACB

Member

2. Union Bank of India

SRCB

Member

7

Shri Arun Kumar Singh,

RBI Nominee Director

1. Union Bank of India

ACB

Member

8

Shri Suraj Srivastava,

Part-Time Non-Official Director

1.Union Bank of India

ACB

Member

2.Union Bank of India

SRCB

Member

9

Shri Laxman S. Uppar,

Part-Time Non-Official Director

NA

10

Dr. Jayadev Madugula,

Shareholder Director

1. Union Bank of India

ACB

Chairman

2.Union Bank of India

SRCB

Chairman

11

Ms. Priti Jay Rao,

Shareholder Director

1.Mastek Limited

ACB

Member

2.Union Bank of India

SRCB

Member

2.10 Details of Familiarization Programmes attended by

Directors:

The details of training programmes attended by

Directors of the Bank are made available on Bank’s

website under the following link:

http://www.unionbankofindia.co.in/english/

familarisation.aspx

2.11 In terms of requirement of Schedule V of the Listing

Regulations, a Practicing Company Secretary has

certified that none of the directors on the Board of

the Bank have been debarred or disqualified from

being appointed or continuing as directors of Bank by

the SEBI / Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such

statutory authority and the certificate from Practicing

Company Secretary in this regard forms part of Annual

Report.

2.12 The Board of Directors of the Bank confirms that the

independent directors of the Bank fulfil the conditions

specified in Listing Regulations and are independent of

the management.

3. ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The Nineteenth Annual General Meeting of the

Shareholders of the Bank was held on Tuesday, 10th

August, 2021 through VC/OAVM where the following

directors were present:

Shri Rajkiran Rai G.: Managing Director & CEO

Shri Gopal Singh Gusain

Executive Director

Shri Dinesh Kumar Garg

Executive Director

Shri Manas Ranjan Biswal Executive Director

Shri Nitesh Ranjan

Executive Director

Shri Arun Kumar Singh

RBI Nominee Director

Dr. Jayadev Madugula

Shareholder Director,

Managing Director & CEO,

•

Executive Directors,

•

RBI Nominee Director nominated under section

9(3)(c) and:

Managing Director & CEO of

the Bank chaired the Committee.

5.1.2 Functions:

Pursuant to the directives of Ministry of Finance,

Government of India, Management Committee of

the Board is constituted by the Board of Directors for

considering various business matters viz. sanctioning/

review of credit proposals, loan compromise/write-off

proposals, approval of capital and revenue expenditure

beyond the powers of Credit Approval Committee-I,

acquisition and hiring of premises, investments,

donations, etc.

During the year 2021-22, 24 meetings of MCB were

held.

5.2 Audit Committee of the Board (ACB)

5.2.1 Composition:

The Audit Committee of the Board (ACB) has been

constituted by the Bank as per the guidelines of Reserve

Bank of India and Ministry of Finance, Government of

India. The ACB consists of following members –

•

Executive Director in-charge of Internal Inspection

and Audit

•

Nominees of Govt. of India & Reserve Bank of India

and

•

Two Non-Executive Directors of which one should

ordinarily be a Chartered Accountant Category

Director nominated u/s 9(3)(g), if any.

Other Executive Director/s can be invitee/s to the

meeting if the agenda includes any item for discussion

from their domain.

Dr. Jayadev Madugula, Shareholder Director chaired

the Committee.

Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the ACB

in terms of Regulation 18(1)(e) of the SEBI (LODR)

Regulations, 2015.

5.2.2 Functions:

The ACB reviews the functions of the Bank as

mandated by calendar of items issued by the RBI. The

major functions of ACB are enumerated below:

1.

ACB provides directions as also oversees the

operation of the total audit function in the Bank.

Total audit function implies the organization,

operationalization and quality control of internal

audit and inspection within the Bank and follow-up

on the statutory / external audit of the Bank and

inspection by RBI.

2.

ACB

reviews

the

internal

inspection/audit

functions in the Bank i.e. the system, its quality and

effectiveness in terms of follow-up. It reviews the

inspection reports of specialized and extra-large

branches and all branches with unsatisfactory

ratings. It also specially focuses on the follow-up :-

•

Inter-branch adjustment accounts

•

Un-reconciled long outstanding entries in

Inter-Bank accounts and Nostro accounts

•

Arrears in balancing of books at various

branches

•

Frauds

•

All other major areas of housekeeping.

3.

ACB obtains and reviews quarterly reports from

the Compliance Officers appointed in the Bank in

terms of guidelines of RBI and SEBI.

4.

Regarding statutory audits, ACB follows up on all

the issues raised in the Long Form Audit Reports.

It interacts with the external auditors before and

after the finalization of annual / semi-annual

financial accounts and on the audit reports.

5.

ACB reviews the accounting policies and practices,

related party transactions, Mechanism for Whistle-

Blower, Management Discussion and Analysis

and Quarterly and Annual Financial Results of the

Bank.

6.

In addition to the above, the functions of the Audit

Committee include the role of the Audit Committee:

Managing Director & CEO,

•

Executive Directors and

•

Three Non-Executive Directors.

The Position of Non-Executive Chairman is vacant as

on date and Shri Rajkiran Rai G.,: Managing Director &

CEO of the Bank chaired the Committee in terms of

Clause 12(6) of the Nationalized Banks (Management

and Miscellaneous Provisions) Scheme, 1970.

5.3.2 Functions:

The Committee is constituted to supervise the functions

of Risk and Asset Liability Management in the Bank. The

Committee is responsible for identifying, evaluating and

monitoring the overall risks faced by the Bank.

The Committee met 5 times during the year 2021-22.

5.4 Special Committee of the Board of Directors for

monitoring of Frauds of ` 1.00 crore and above (SCMF)

5.4.1 Composition:

Special Committee of the Board of Directors for

monitoring of frauds of ` 1 crore and above is

constituted as per the guidelines issued by Reserve

Bank of India. At present the Audit Committee of Board

(ACB) is required to oversee the internal inspection,

statutory audit, inter branch/inter bank accounts and

major areas of housekeeping etc. The ACB is also

required to focus attention on preventive aspects and

follow–up action being initiated by the bank on frauds.

However, this Special Committee focuses on Monitoring

and following up of cases of frauds involving amounts

of ` 1 crore and above exclusively while ACB continues

to monitor all the cases of frauds in general.

The Special Committee is constituted with following

members of the Board of Directors:

•

Managing Director & CEO

•

Executive Directors

•

Government of India Nominee Director

Shri Rajkiran Rai G.,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

•

Government Nominee Director

•

RBI Nominee Director

Independent members / Outside experts to be inducted

while conducting interview for the promotion process

from Scale VI to VII and Scale VII to VIII.

Shri Rajkiran Rai G.,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the

Bank chaired the Committee.

5.12.2 Functions:

With a view to effecting speedy transfer of shares, the

Bank has constituted a Share Transfer Committee of

the Board with powers to confirm transfer, transmission,

demat and issue of duplicate shares etc.

Further, in the interest of investors and with a view

to enhance ease of dealing in securities markets by

investors, SEBI, vide its circular dated 25.01.2022,

decided that the listed entities shall henceforth issue the

shares in dematerialized mode only while processing

the following service requests:

a.

Issue of duplicate securities certificate;

b.

Claim from Unclaimed Suspense Account;

c.

Renewal / Exchange of securities certificate;

d.

Endorsement;

e.

Sub-division / Splitting of securities certificate;

f.

Consolidation of securities certificates / folios;

g.

Transmission;

h.

Transportation;

During the year, the STCB met 4 times and 19 Resolutions

were passed by circulation.

5.13 Review Committee for Non Cooperative Borrowers and

Willful Defaulters (RCNCB&WD)

The Bank earlier had two separate Committee

viz. Review Committee for Classification of Non-

Cooperative Borrower (RCNCB) and Review Committee

on Willful Defaulters of the Bank(RCWDB). MOF vide

its communication F. No. 16/19/2019-BO.1 dated

30.08.2019 advised to review in its Board the need for

continuation of Board committees set up at the bank’s

own initiative and the possibility of their functions being

discharged by another Board committee or the Board,

with a view to rationalise their number.

The Board of Directors with a view to rationalize its

Committees and based on the composition of the

above two committees, decided to merge the same and

to constitute a single Committee for identification of

Wilful Defaulters and classification of Non-Cooperative

Borrowers

namely

Review

Committee

for

Non

Cooperative Borrowers and Willful Defaulters with the

following composition w.e.f. 06.12.2019 –

•: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the

Bank chaired the Committee.

5.14.2 Functions:

1.

Formulating and recommending the CSR Policy to

the Board of Directors and indicating activities to

be undertaken.

2.

Approval of projects to be undertaken either through

Union Bank Social Foundation Trust or such other

entity/organisation as approved by the Committee

in terms of CSR Policy.

3.

Reviewing usage of delegated authority by GM/

ED/MD & CEO on quarterly basis. Reviewing

performance of Union Bank Social Foundation

Trust on quarterly basis.

The Committee has held 4 meetings during the year

2021-22.

5.15 Committee of Directors for Raising of Capital Funds

(CDRCF)

5.15.1 Composition:

As per the approval given by the Board the committee

is constituted to complete the necessary formalities for

raising of capital funds. The Committee consists of MD

& CEO and Executive Directors.

Shri Rajkiran Rai G.,: Managing Director & CEO of the

Bank chaired the Committee.

5.15.2 Functions:

The Committee is authorized by the Board /

Shareholders, as the case may be to complete the

necessary formalities for raising of capital funds

and to do all such acts, deeds, and things as it may

in its absolute discretion deem necessary, proper

and desirable including but not limited to decide on

quantum & mode(s), number of tranches, price or

prices, discount/premium, reservations to employees,

customers, existing shareholders and/or any other

persons as decided by the Board and as provided under

SEBI regulations and the timing of such issue(s), calling

the issue open at its discretion subject to applicable

Rules and Regulations and GoI & RBI approval.

The Committee has held 8 meetings during the year

2021-22.

5.16 Board Committee for Performance Evaluation (BCPE)

5.16.1 Composition:

Ministry of Finance vide communication no. F. No.

9/5/2009-IR dated 30.08.2019 advised the Bank

to constitute a Board Committee for Performance

Evaluation of Managing Directors & CEO, Executive

Directors in charge of internal Control Functions (Risk,

Compliance and Audit) and General Managers in charge

of internal control Functions (Risk, Compliance and

Audit) of the bank.

Further as per MOF communication dated 14.11.2019,

the Board Committee for Performance Evaluation is

to be constituted with the approval of the Board with

following members –

1.

Non-Executive

Managing Director & CEO

•

Executive Directors

•

Chief General Manager / General Manager in-

charge of the Credit

•

Chief General Manager / General Manager in-

charge of the Finance/Chief Financial Officer and

•

Chief General Manager / General Manager in-

charge of the Risk Management

Shri Rajkiran Rai G.,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO and Executive Directors

are being paid remuneration and reimbursement of

traveling & halting expenses as per the rules framed

by Government of India in this regard. Other terms

and conditions of the appointment of whole-time

directors are as per clause 8 of the Nationalised Banks:

Letter of Confirmation” instead of physical certificates to the shareholder / claimant within 30

days of such requests after removing objections, if any.

The: Letter of Confirmation shall be valid for 120 days from the date of its issuance within which the shareholder /

claimant shall make a request to the depository participant for dematerializing the said securities.

The RTA shall issue a reminder after the end of 45 days and 90 days from the date of issuance of Letter of Confirmation,

informing the securities holder / claimant to submit the demat request.

The RTA shall retain the physical share certificate as per the existing procedure and deface the certificate with a stamp

“Letter of Confirmation Issued” on the face / reverse of the certificate, subsequent to processing the service request.

Depository Participant shall generate the demat request on the basis of Letter of Confirmation and forward the same to

the Listed entity / RTA for processing the demat request.

If demat request is not received within 120 days of the Letter of Confirmation, shares shall be credited to the Suspense

Escrow Demat Account of the entity.

In compliance with SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Bank has appointed

Datamatics Business Solutions Limited as its Registrars and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) with a mandate to process

transfer of Shares, dividend, recording of shareholders’ requests, solution of shareholders’ grievances amongst other

activities connected with the issue of shares. The Investors may lodge their transfer deeds / requests / complaints with

the RTA at the address mentioned below.

The Bank has also established Investor Services Division at its Central Office, Mumbai. The Shareholders may contact

Company Secretary, Investor Services Division for any of their requests/complaints.

Registrar & Share Transfer Agent (RTA)

Datamatics Business Solutions Ltd.

Unit: Union Bank of India

Plot No. B-5, Part B Crosslane,

MIDC Andheri (East),

Mumbai-400 093.

Tel No: 022 - 66712001-6

Fax No: 022 – 66712011

Email:

ubiinvestors@datamaticsbpm.com

Debenture Trustee

IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited

Asian Building, Ground Floor, 17, R.

Kamani Marg, Ballard Estate,

Mumbai – 400001

Tel- (022) 40807001

Fax- (022) 66311776

Email:adityakapil@idbitrustee.com

Axis Trustee Services Ltd

Axis House, 2nd Floor,

Wadia International Centre,

Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli,

Mumbai – 400025

Tel- (022) 24255215/216

Email:debenturetrustee@

axistrustee.in

Company Secretary

Investor Services Division

Union Bank of India

12th Floor, Central Office,

239, Vidhan Bhavan Marg,

Nariman Point, Mumbai-400 021.

Tel-(022) 2289 6636

Fax-(022) 22025238

E-mail:

investorservices@unionbankofindia.

bank

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

RAJKIRAN RAI G.:

letter no. F No. 4/4/2015- BO.I(pt. dated 30/10/2015, the Non-

Executive Chairman of the Bank shall be the Chairman of the Risk Management Committee of the Board, Since the

Bank does not have a Non-Executive Chairman, this requirement has not been complied with.

d)

The Reserve bank of India had vide its: letter:RBI/CO.DOS.SED.No.S153/25-01-009/021-2022 dated 01/06/2021,.

advised the Bank to ensure compliance and carry out assessment to plug control gaps in monitoring and

implementation of Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) requirements and accordingly, the Bank has taken necessary steps.

e)

Reseve bank of India, had imposed a penalty of ` 50 lakhs each on the bank under the Reserve Bank of India

(Frauds Classification and Reporting by Commercial Banks and Select FIs) Directions, 2016 and Guidelines on sale of

Stressed Assets by Banks for non adherence to the timeframe fixed in this circular for identification and reporting of

fraud cases.

f)

In view of insufficiency of

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure ‘A’ and forms an integral part of this

report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Bank. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in Secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices, I follow provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Bank.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Bank nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Bank.

B Durgaprasad Rai

Company Secretary

ACS No: 10060; C P No. : 4390

lCSl UDIN: A010060D000361664

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 21, 2022:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Sr.

No.

Name of the Director

Director

Identification

Number

Date of

Appointment in the

Bank

1.

Shri Rajkiran Rai G.

07427647

July 01, 2017

2.

Shri Manas Ranjan Biswal

08162008

March 01, 2019

3.

Shri Nitesh Ranjan

08101030

March 10, 2021

4

Shri Rajneesh Karnatak

08912491

October 21, 2021

5

Shri Nidhu Saxena

N.A.

February1, 2022

6

Shri Sameer Shukla

06435463

November 08, 2021

7

Shri Arun Kumar Singh

09498086

April 26, 2019

8.

Shri Suraj Srivastava

NA

December 21, 2021

9

Shri Laxman S Uppar

NA

March 21, 2022

10

Dr. Jayadev Madugula

03574167

June 28, 2018

11

Smt. Priti Jay Rao

03352049

July 29, 2021

The Bank, being a nationalised bank, is governed by the BankingCompanies (Acquisition and Transfer of Undertaking)Act,

1970, the Nationalised Banks (Management and Miscellaneous Provisions) Scheme, 1970, and the Banking Regulation Act,

1949. The provisions of theCompanies Act, 2013, do not apply to the Bank. Hence, it is not mandatory for the Directors on

the Board of the Bank to obtain DIN.

Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment/ continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management

of the Bank. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an

assurance as to the future viability of the Bank nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Bank.

B Durgaprasad Rai

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

ACS: 10060; COP: 4390

Date: 22nd April, 2022

UDIN:A010060D000186445:

Managing Director & CEO

Place: Mumbai

Date: 1 3th May 2022

Shri P. K. Samal, CFO:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

ED- Executive Director

NED - Non Executive Director

ID - Independent Director

SD - Shareholder Director:

letter No. DOS.ARG.No.6270/08.91.001/2019-20 dated March 17, 2020 on “Appointment of Statutory

Central Auditors (SCAs) in Public Sector Banks – Reporting obligations for SCAs from FY 2019-20”, read with subsequent

communication dated May 19, 2020 issued by the RBI, we further report on the matters specified in paragraph 2 of the

aforesaid: letter as under:

(a) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the applicable accounting standards, to

the extent they are not inconsistent with the accounting policies prescribed by RBI.

(b) In our opinion there are no observations or comments on financial transactions or matters which have any adverse

effect on the functioning of the bank.

(c) As the bank is not registered under the Companies Act, 2013 the disqualifications from being a director of the bank

under sub-section (2) of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013 do not apply to the bank.

(d) There are no qualifications, reservations or adverse remarks relating to the maintenance of accounts and other

matters connected therewith.

(e) Our audit report on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the Bank’s internal financial controls over financial

reporting is given in Annexure A to this report. Our report expresses an unmodified opinion on the Bank’s internal

financial controls over financial reporting with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements as at 31 March

2022.

Letter DOS.ARG.No.6270/08.91.001/2019-20 dated

March 17, 2020 (as amended) (the “RBI communication”)

We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Union Bank of India (“the Bank”) as of March 31,

2022 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the Bank for the year ended on that date which

includes internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Bank’s branches.

Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls

The Bank’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal

control over financial reporting criteria established by the Bank considering the essential components of internal control

stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate

internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business,

including adherence to the Bank’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors,

the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as

required under the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and the circulars and guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India.

Auditor’s Responsibility

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Bank’s internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our

audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial

Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”) and the Standards

on Auditing (SAs) issued by the ICAI, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls. Those Standards and

the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable

assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting were established and maintained

and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.

Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls

over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting

included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material

weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal financial controls based on

the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of

material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the branch auditors, in terms of their

reports referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion

on the Bank’s internal financial controls over financial reporting.

Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting

A Bank’s internal financial controls over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding

the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with

generally accepted accounting principles. A Bank’s internal financial controls over financial reporting includes those

policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly

reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Bank; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are

recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting

principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Bank are being made only in accordance with authorisations of:

Letter of Guarantee/: Letter of

Credit is accounted on accrual basis.

3.4. Exchange and brokerage earned, rent on Safe

Deposit Lockers, income from Aadhaar cards,

Minimum balance charges etc. are accounted for

on realization basis.

3.5. Income (Other than interest) on investments in

“Held to Maturity” (HTM) category acquired at

discount to the face value is recognized as follows:

3.5.1. On interest bearing securities, it is recognized

only at the time of sale/ redemption.

3.5.2. On Zero- coupon securities, it is accounted

for over the balance tenor of the securities on a

constant yield basis.

3.6. Dividend is accounted on an accrual basis where

the right to receive the dividend is established.

3.7. Sale of NPAs accounted in terms of extant RBI

guidelines.

3.8. Interest on Income-tax refunds is accounted for

on receipt of Intimation order from the Income Tax

Department.

4. Appropriation of Recovery :

Appropriation of recoveries from one time settlement

& NCLT Resolutions shall be as per terms of sanction.

Recoveries other than by way of OTS/NCLT shall be

appropriated as under:

4.1. When there is no agreement between the debtor

and creditor as to how monies paid by the debtor

are required to be appropriated by the creditor, the

order of appropriation is as under :

For Term Loans:



Towards expenses & costs etc.



Towards unrecovered interest reversed on the date

of NPA.



Interest held in dummy ledger (unapplied interest).



Towards arrears of principal/EMI till the date of

recovery.



Towards running ledger balance.

Managing Director

0.37

0.34

Executive Directors

1.21

1.11

Total

1.58

1.45

14. Other Disclosures

a) BUSINESS RATIOS

(` in crore)

Sr.

No.

Particulars

31.03.2022

31.03.2021

i)

Interest Income as a percentage to Working Funds

6.11

6.34

ii)

Non-interest income as a percentage to Working Funds

1.13

1.08

iii)

Cost of Deposit

4.12

4.66

iv)

Net Interest Margin

2.71

2.47

v)

Operating Profit as a percentage to Working Funds

1.97

1.81

vi)

Return on Assets

0.47

0.27

vii)

Average Business (Deposits plus advances) per employee (Rs in crore)

20.48

19.23

vi)

Net Profit per employee (Rs in crore)

0.07

0.04:

letter

dated 25th November 2021.

g) Payment of DICGC insurance premium

Sr. No.

Particulars

31.03.2022

31.03.2021

i)

Payment of DICGC Insurance Premium

1,083.45

1,000.28

ii)

Arrears in payment of DICGC premium

--

--

15. DISCLOSURES AS PER ACCOUNTING STANDARDS ISSUED BY THE INSTITUTE OF CHARTERED

ACCOUNTANTS OF INDIA

a.

REVENUE RECOGNITION (AS 9)

Income and Expenditure have been accounted for on accrual basis except certain items of income are recognized on

realization basis as per Accounting Policy no.3.4 of Schedule 17 of Significant Accounting Policies which however, is

not considered to be material.

b. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (AS 15 - REVISED)

i)

Short Term Employment Benefits:

The undiscounted amounts of short-term employee benefits (e.g. medical benefits) payable wholly within twelve

months of rendering the service are treated as short term and recognized during the period in which the employee

rendered the service.

ii) Long Term Employee Benefits:

a) Defined Contribution Plans:

The Bank operates a new pension scheme (NPS) for all officers/ employees joining the Bank on or after 1st April,

2010, which is a defined contribution plan, such new joinees not being entitled to become members of the existing

Pension Scheme. As per the scheme, the covered employees contribute 10% of their basic pay plus dearness

allowance to the scheme together with a 14% contribution from the Bank. Pending completion of registration

procedures of the employees concerned, these contributions retained with the Bank. The Bank recognizes such

annual contributions in the year to which they relate. Upon receipt of the Permanent Retirement Account Number

(PRAN), the consolidated contribution amounts are transferred to the NPS Trust.:

Managing Director & CEO

0.37

Shri Gopal Singh Gusain @

Executive Director

0.26

Shri Dinesh Kumar Garg*

Executive Director

0.15

Shri Manas Ranjan Biswal

Executive Director

0.31

Shri Nitesh Ranjan

Executive Director

0.30

Shri Rajneesh Karnatak#

Executive Director

0.14

Shri Nidhu Saxena^

Executive Director

0.05

@ Till 31.01.2022

*Till 30.09.2021

# From 21.10.2021

^ From 01.02.2022

Parties with whom transactions were entered into during the year

No disclosure is required in respect of related parties, which are “State controlled Enterprises” as per

paragraph 9 of Accounting Standard (AS) 18. Further, in terms of paragraph 6 of AS 18, transactions in the

nature of Banker – Customer relationship have not been disclosed including those with Key Management

Personnel and relatives of Key Management Personnel.:

Letter of Guarantee/: Letter of

Credit is accounted on accrual basis.

iv) Exchange and brokerage earned, rent on Safe

Deposit Lockers, income from Aadhaar cards

Minimum balance charges etc. are accounted

for on realization basis.

v)

Income (Other than interest) on investments

in “Held to Maturity” (HTM) category acquired

at discount to the face value is recognized as

follows:

a) On interest bearing securities, it is

recognized only at the time of sale/

redemption.

b) On Zero- coupon securities, it is accounted

for over the balance tenor of the securities

on a constant yield basis.

vi) Dividend is accounted on an accrual basis

where the right to receive the dividend is

established.

vii) Sale of NPAs accounted in terms of extant RBI

guidelines.

viii) Interest on Income-tax refunds is accounted

for on receipt of Intimation order from the

Income Tax Department.

b) Non-Banking entities

Life Insurance

i.

Premium Income

Premium (net of GST) is recognized as income

when due. For linked business, premium is

recognized when the associated units are

created. Top up premiums are considered as

single premium. Premium on lapsed policies

is recognized as income when such policies

are reinstated. Commission received on

reinsurance ceded is recognized as income

in the period in which reinsurance premium is

ceded.

ii.

Income from linked funds

Income from linked funds which includes

premium

allocation

charges,

policy

administrative charges, mortality charges, fund

management charges etc. are recovered from

the linked funds in accordance with the terms

and conditions of policies issued.

Managing Director & CEO

0.37

Shri Gopal Singh Gusain @

Executive Director

0.26

Shri Dinesh Kumar Garg*

Executive Director

0.15

Shri Manas Ranjan Biswal

Executive Director

0.31

Shri Nitesh Ranjan

Executive Director

0.30

Shri Rajneesh Karnatak#

Executive Director

0.14

Shri Nidhu Saxena^

Executive Director

0.05

@ Till 31.01.2022

*Till 30.09.2021

# From 21.10.2021

^ From 01.02.2022

e) Key Management Personnel – Remuneration paid.

(` in crore)

Particulars

31.03.2022

31.03.2021

Amount

Amount

CEO and: Managing

