Managing Director:

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without

modification(s), the following resolutions as Ordinary

Resolution:

“Resolved,

that pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 203

read with Schedule V and other applicable provisions,

UTI Asset Management Company Limited

CIN: L65991MH2002PLC137867

RegisteredOffice: UTI Tower ‘Gn’ Block Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (East) Mumbai – 400 051.

Website: www.utimf.com | Email: cs@uti.co.in | Tel. No.: 022 6678 6666:

Letter etc., authorizing its representative to attend

the 19th AGM through VC / OAVM and cast vote on its

behalf together with attested specimen signature(s) of the

duly authorized representative(s), to the Scrutinizer through

email at scrutiniseramc@gmail.com with a copy marked to

KFintech at evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of

the above-mentioned documents should be in the naming

format ‘Corporate Name_Even No.’

8.

The recorded transcript of this AGM will be disclosed on

the Company’s website at https://www.utimf.com/uti-amc-

shareholders/shareholders-meetings/agm/.

9.

A final dividend of ` 21/- (Rupees Twenty one only) per

equity share has been recommended by the Board of

Directors for the financial year (FY) ended 31st March,

2022, subject to the approval of the members at this AGM.

10. Pursuant to provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations,

the register of members and share transfer books of the

Company will remain closed from Tuesday, the 19th July,

2022 to Monday, the 25th July, 2022 (both days inclusive)

as book closure period for determining the entitlement

of members to receive final dividend, if declared by the

members.

11. Dividend on equity shares, if declared by the members,

will be paid on or before 29th July, 2022 to the members

having their names in the register of members / list of

beneficial owners as at the close of business hours on 18th

July, 2022.

General Guidelines for shareholders:

12. The shares of the Company are traded in dematerialised

form since it eliminates all risks associated with physical

shares and to ease the portfolio management. In terms of

Listing Regulations, transfer, transmission and transposition

of shares of listed companies held in physical form shall

be effected only in demat mode. Further, SEBI has, vide

its circular dated 25th January, 2022 on ‘Issuance of

Securities in dematerialised form in case of Investor Service

Requests’, mandated Company / RTA to issue the securities

in dematerialized form only while processing service

requests viz. issue of duplicate securities certificate, claim

from unclaimed suspense account, renewal / exchange of

securities certificate, endorsement, sub-division / splitting of

securities certificate, consolidation of securities certificates/

folios,

transmission

and

transposition.

Accordingly,

members holding shares in physical form are requested

to consider converting their physical holdings into demat

form and make the above mentioned service requests by

submitting a duly filled and signed Form ISR – 4, the format

of which is available on the Company’s website at https://

www.utimf.com/investors-contacts/

13. Members holding shares in electronic form are requested

to register / update their postal address, email addresses,

mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number (PAN),

bank mandates, nominations, power of attorney, bank

details such as name of the bank and branch details, bank

account number, MICR code, IFSC code etc., with their

Depository Participants (DP).

14. SEBI has, vide its circular dated 3rd November, 2021 on

‘Common and Simplified Norms for processing investor’s

service request by RTAs and norms for furnishing PAN,

KYC details and Nomination’, mandated the physical

shareholders to furnish / update PAN, email address,

postal address, mobile number, bank account details

and nomination details with RTA / Company and ensure

that PAN is linked to Aadhaar by 31st March, 2022 or

any other date as may be specified by the Central Board

of Direct Taxes. Pursuant to aforesaid SEBI Circular, the

Company has sent individual communication to all the

members holding shares of the Company in physical form.

In view of the same, members holding shares in physical

form are requested to update their details by submitting a

duly filled and signed Form ISR – 1. All the investors service

request forms are available on the Company‘s website at

https://www.utimf.com/investors-contacts.

Further, with effect from 1st January, 2022, any service

request or complaint received from the member holding

shares in physical form, will not be processed by RTA till

the aforesaid details / documents are provided to RTA. In

case any of the above cited documents / details are not

available in the folio(s), RTA shall be constrained to freeze

such folio(s) with effect from 1st April, 2023 and after 31st

December, 2025, the frozen folios will be referred to by

RTA / the Company to the administering authority under

the Benami Transactions (Prohibitions) Act, 1988 and / or

Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002.

15. Forms ISR-1 & ISR-4 along with the supporting documents,

as stated above, are required to be submitted to KFintech

at the address mentioned below:

Ms. Krishna Priya M

Senior Manager - Corporate Registry

KFin Technologies Limited

Unit: UTI Asset Management Company Limited

Selenium

Tower

B

Plot

31-32

Financial

District

Nanakramguda Serilingampally Mandal Hyderabad – 500

032 Telangana.

Toll Free No.: 1800-309-4001

Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com

Website: https://www.kfintech.com or https://ris.kfintech.

com/

16. Members are requested to note that KFintech has launched

a mobile application - KPRISM and a website https://

kprism.kfintech.com/ wherein members can view portfolios

serviced by KFintech, check dividend status, request for

annual reports, change of address, change / update Bank

mandate and download standard forms. The android

mobile application can be downloaded from play store by

searching for ‘KPRISM’.

KFintech has devised a web-based portal for redressal of

investors queries and the members may utilise the facility

by visiting https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc and:

letter providing the email

address, mobile number, self-attested PAN copy and Client

Master copy, in case of electronic folio and copy of share

certificate, in case of physical folio, for sending the Annual

report, Notice of AGM and the e-voting instructions.

iii.

Those members who have registered their email address,

mobile number, postal address and bank account details

are requested to validate / update their registered details

by contacting the DP, in case of shares held in electronic

form or by contacting KFintech, in case the shares held in

physical form.

iv.

After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow all

steps mentioned above to cast your vote by electronic

means.

v.

The details of persons to be contacted for issues relating to

e-voting are provided at point no. 15.

39. Process for joining the AGM through VC / OAVM:

Instructions for all the members for attending the AGM of the

Company through VC / OAVM and e-voting during the meeting.

i.

Members have been provided with the facility to attend the

AGM through VC / OAVM platform of KFintech. Members

may access the same at https://emeetings.kfintech.com/ by

using the e-voting login credentials (user id and password)

provided in the email received from the Company /

KFintech.

ii.

After logging in, click on the ‘Video Conference’ tab and

select the EVEN of the Company. Click on the video symbol

and accept the meeting etiquettes to join the meeting.

iii.

Please note that the members who do not have user id and

password for e-voting or have forgotten the user id and

password may retrieve the same by following the remote

e-voting instructions as mentioned above.

iv.

Facility of joining the AGM through VC / OAVM shall open

15 minutes before the time scheduled for the AGM and will

be available for members on first come first served basis.

The members can join the AGM up to 15 minutes after

the scheduled time of the AGM by following the procedure

mentioned in this Notice.

v.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through

laptops / desktops with Google Chrome (preferred

browser), Safari, Microsoft Edge or Mozilla Firefox 22.

vi.

Members will be required to grant access to the webcam

to enable VC / OAVM. Further, members connecting from

mobile devices or tablets or through laptops connecting

via mobile hotspot may experience audio / video loss due

to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore

recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to

avoid any kind of aforesaid glitches.

vii. The window for e-voting at the AGM shall be activated

upon instruction of the Chairman.

viii. The members who have not cast their vote through remote

e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote through e-voting

system available during the AGM. E-voting during the AGM

is integrated with the VC / OAVM platform. The members

may click on the voting icon displayed on the screen to cast

their votes during the AGM.

NOTICE (Contd.):

letter from T. Rowe

Price International Ltd holding 22.97% of shares, nominating

Mr. Flemming Madsen as Director on the Board of the Company

in exercise of its right under Article 129 of the Articles of

Association of the Company.

Flemming Madsen is the Head of Global Financial Intermediaries

at T. Rowe Price. He is a Vice President of T. Rowe Price Group,

Inc., T. Rowe Price International Ltd and member of the EMEA

Distribution Executive Committee. He has been associated

with T. Rowe Price for 22 years. His total 38 years experience

in the financial industry includes capital markets transactions,

investment banking and asset management.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the

Board of Directors are of the view that Mr. Flemming Madsen

possesses the requisite knowledge of industry and have

diverse skills, leadership capabilities, expertise in financial

industry and vast global business experience which would be

of immense benefit to the Company and hence, it is desirable

to appoint him as a Nominee Director (Non–Executive

Category). Accordingly, pursuant to the recommendation of

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board

of Directors has, in its meeting held on 21st June, 2022,

recommended the appointment of Mr. Flemming Madsen

(DIN: 02904543) who retires by rotation at this AGM

as a Nominee Director (Non–Executive Category) of the

Company, liable to retire by rotation, to the shareholders for

their approval.

The Company has received all statutory disclosures / declarations

from Mr. Flemming Madsen including (i) consent to act as a

director, and (ii) intimation to the effect that he is not disqualified

under Section 164 of the Act. He is also not debarred from

holding the office of director pursuant to any order issued by

the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) or any other

such authority.

Pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial

Standard on General Meetings (SS-2), issued by the Institute

of Company Secretaries of India, the relevant details of

Mr. Flemming Madsen are provided in Annexure-I to this

Notice.

NOTICE (Contd.)

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 of the Act, the director

shall be appointed by the Company at the general meeting.

The Board of Directors recommends the Ordinary Resolution

set out at Item No. 3 of the Notice for the appointment of

Mr. Flemming Madsen as a Nominee Director (Non–Executive

Category) of the Company with effect from 26th July, 2022,

liable to retire by rotation.

Save and except Mr. Flemming Madsen and his relatives to the

extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company,

none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company and their relatives are, in any way, concerned or

interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolutions set out at

Item No. 3 of this Notice.

Item No. 4

Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197 and 203 of

the Act read together with the Companies (Appointment and

Remunaration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (the Rules),

Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman (DIN: 01818725) was appointed as a

Whole-Time Director of the Company by the members at the

16th Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on 22nd August,

2019 for the period from 23rd August, 2019 to 22nd August,

2022.

Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman has more than 32 years of experience in

management, business leadership, leading change and forming

strategic alliances. He joined the UTI Group in 1998 as part of

UTI Investor Technology Services Limited and later joined the

Company in 2003. He was also the CFO of the Company from

2005 till 2019. In his role as Group President & Chief Finance

Officer, he headed the functions of Finance, Accounts, Taxation,

Information Technology, Board related matters, Offshore funds,

Alternate Investments and Portfolio Management Services.

He is a Science graduate, Fellow member of Institute of Cost

Accountants of India and Institute of Company Secretaries of

India, Certified Public Accountant (USA) and GAMP from Indian

School of Business and Kellogg School of Management. He has

been conferred a Honorary doctorate degree, D.Litt, by the ITM

University, Raipur.

Mr. Rahman is on the Board of UTI International (Singapore)

Private Limited, UTI International Limited Guernsey, UTI Venture

Funds Management Company Private Limited, UTI Capital Private

Limited, UTI Retirement Solutions Limited and Indian Oiltanking

Limited. He is a member of the CII National Committee on

Financial Markets as well as the Banking & Finance Committee

of IMC Chamber of Commerce & Industry. He was on the Board

of Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI) and is presently a

permanent invitee to the AMFI Board Meetings.

Prior to joining the Company, he was also associated with

Sumeet Machines Limited, Leasing Finance India Limited, Bells

Controls Limited, New India Rubber Works (P) Limited and S.

Gupta & Co.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board

are of the view that Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman possesses the

requisite knowledge of industry and have diverse skills, leadership

capabilities, expertise in financial industry and vast business

experience which would be of immense benefit to the Company:

Managing Director.

Accordingly, pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors has,

in its meeting held on 21st June, 2022, recommended the

appointment of Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman (DIN: 01818725) as: Managing

Managing Director and thereafter as applicable to retired employees of the

Company.

d.

Entitled variable pay for the financial year till the completion of full term as: Managing

Message From The Chairman

8

Message From The CEO

10

Our Management Team

14

Theme Introduction & Our Approach To Reporting

18

A Name Synonymous With Conviction,

20

Capabilities And Commitment - UTI AMC

Our Milestones Embodying Our Conviction

24

Over The Years

Our Subsidiaries

26

Strategies Driving Our Capabilities

30

Our Committed Offerings Custom-made

32

For Our Valued Customers

Capabilities In Investment Management:

34

Equity And Fixed Income

Presence That Steers Our Capabilities In B30 Cities 38

Committed To Creating Value

40

Capabilities And Conviction:

42

The Driving Force Behind Our Performance

Capabilities Backed By Our Talent Pool

46

Capabilities Backed By Commitment For

52

Technological Advancement

Committed To Our Role Towards Building

56

A Brighter Tomorrow

Delivering On Our Commitments To Stakeholders

58

Stakeholder Engagement & Materiality

66

Empowering Prudence Through Committed

68

Risk Mitigation And Management:

Managing Director of LIC. He has also served as the Executive Director of

International Operations at LIC. He holds a B.Sc. (Honours) degree from the

University of Patna. His appointment as an Independent Director of the Company

was approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 23rd

August, 2017.

governance

At UTI AMC Limited (‘UTI AMC’, or ‘We’ or

‘The Company’), we are proud of the legacy we have

built over 57 years in the Indian investment industry. As a

pioneering institution in the Indian Mutual Fund industry,

we draw strength from our deeply rooted ethos and strong

governance practices and policies. All our endeavours are

aimed to enhance our structures and policies constantly,

thereby promoting accountability, transparency, and

responsible behaviour. Our Board of Directors, along with

the Senior Management, through effective leadership, right

supervision and consistent guidance, bring strategic direction

for the Company to progress. We are proud to state that:

We are a professionally-managed listed Company with no identifiable promoters and

large shareholder base consisting of eminent Indian and foreign institutional investors

We have a strong Independent Board with 6 out of 10 members being Independent

Directors

We have 2 women Directors on our Board

brief Profile of board of Directors

2

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer and SBI Capital

Markets Limited as the Executive Vice President. He was also associated with

IIFCL Projects Limited as its Chief Executive Officer and IIFCL Asset Management

Company Limited as a Director. He holds a B.Sc. (Honours) degree in Physics

from the University of Delhi, a M.Sc. degree in Agricultural Physics from the Indian

Agricultural Research Institute, New Delhi and an MBA from the University of

Delhi. He is also a Certificated Associate of the Indian Institute of Bankers. His

appointment as an Independent Director of the Company was approved by the

shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 25th September, 2018.

Mr. Rajeev Kakar

Rajeev Kakar is an Independent Director of the Company. He currently serves

on the Boards of various banks and financial institutions such as Eurobank Ergasias

SA (Greece), Gulf International Bank (GIB Bahrain), Gulf International Bank (GIB

Saudi Arabia) and Commercial International Bank (Egypt). He started his career in

1988 at Citibank NA, where he worked for 18 years and in his last role, was the: Managing

Dear Stakeholders,

It is encouraging to witness the world embracing this

hybrid of the ‘old-normal’ and ‘new-normal’ and pursue

with renewed vigour, its journey to newer and higher

accomplishments. While FY 2020-21 was a period of

recovery, FY 2021-22 witnessed acceleration.

The geopolitical tension in Europe and its implications

could be a turning point in the macro-economic trends

and it has already affected world economy. With

repercussions such as disrupted global supply chain and

high inflationary pressures, the projected growth rates of

economies worldwide have been impacted since the onset

of the crisis.

While the turbulence in the last three years may have tested

our perseverance, we have constantly responded to the

challenges with determination. With its massive domestic

consumer base and strong fundamentals, the Indian

economy is expected to remain one of the fastest-growing

major economies in the world between FY 21 to FY 24.

With the changing ways of work, the events in the recent

years have catalysed the evolving investment landscape

in the country. We have been witnessing a shift in the

financialisation of Indian household savings, from the

traditional risk-averse avenues of investments towards

the adoption of contemporary savings and investment

instruments. The stock markets and mutual funds are now

amongst the key investment solutions and are being largely

preferred by the new-age as well as informed investors.

The year has seen fundraising through Initial Public

Offerings at its highest.

The Indian Mutual Fund industry is both a beneficiary and

participant of the upward journey of the capital markets

and economy. The industry has grown over six-fold in the

past 10 years. The Assets Under Management (AUM)

crossed ` 37 trillion and has close to 130 mn folios in FY

2021-22.

The performance of the equity markets has largely

contributed to this growth story. The boom is largely

supplemented by the large number of new first-time investors

entering the market and their rising awareness and financial

literacy. The availability and simplification of digital and

fintech investment platforms have eased the onboarding

process of investors.

In the wake of events in recent years, the world is rethinking

its priorities and broadening its outlook. Businesses are

embarking on a newer journey of sustainability. The rising

Environmental, Social and Governance concerns in the

mindset of the investor community as well as the industry has

set in positive shifts. UTI embarked on its journey towards

ESG in 2021 and remains on the path to assimilate best

practices into its processes, policies and systems.

UTI continues its journey to be one of the most preferred

asset managers. The Company with its wide presence across

the country, endeavours to deliver excellence to its growing

investors base with its investment solutions in line with their

needs. UTI has leveraged the positive trends in the market to

uphold its commitments to its stakeholders.

I would like to express my gratitude towards all our valued

stakeholders. We acknowledge your continued support

and encouragement towards the Company as well as

the management, for which we are extremely grateful.

Your steadfast support has helped us to fortify this value-

creating organisation. I would also like to express a heartfelt

appreciation to all our employees who have demonstrated

adaptability and dedication to the organisation despite the

testing times.

I extend my best wishes to all of you and your families.

Warm regards,

Dinesh Kumar Mehrotra

Chairman

uti aSSet management comPanY LimiteD

9

corporate overview:

Dear Stakeholders,

As we reflect upon the last year, I would like to convey

my gratitude to you and extend warm wishes. I am glad

that the Company has completed another successful

year of its business operations, steadfast on its

convictions, strengthening its capabilities and honouring

its commitments. It is my privilege to present to you the

Company’s Annual Report for FY 2021-22.

The year in retrospect

The world witnessed several developments on many fronts

which affected the macro-economic environment and the

business outlook. The year witnessed the geo-political

upheaval in the European continent, affecting the global

supply chain, growth and inflation rates.

However, the key sectors of the Indian economy are poised

for growth and inflation and are expected to be manageable

with the anticipation of a normal monsoon and a favourable

growth in the agricultural sector. The Government capital

outlay on infrastructure is likely to provide the necessary

boost to the economy.

The capital markets have played a critical role in the revival

of the economy in FY 2021-22. Despite the headwinds in

the market, the year saw a large number of IPO issuances.

It is laudable to note that the Indian stock markets have

outperformed global peers and recorded impressive growth

during the year.

Mutual Fund industry’s journey

The performance of the capital market and the economy

has led the Indian investors to shift from the traditional

fixed return-bearing instruments to investment options that

provide them with returns linked to the markets. This has led

to mutual funds emerging as a key investment avenue. This

increasing popularity can also be attributed to the benefits

with mutual funds - such as better returns, professional

portfolio management and better risk management with

diversification.

With Assets Under Management (AUM) of ` 37.57 lakh

crore as of 31st March, 2022, the Indian Mutual Fund

industry has doubled its AUM in the last 5 years. Another

testimony to the growing prominence of mutual fund is the

growth in the number of folios for the industry. During the

year, the industry crossed a milestone of 12 crore folios with

12.95 crore folios at the year-end. Systematic Investment

Plans (SIPs) continue to remain extremely popular with the

mutual fund investors.

Endeavouring to perform consistently

UTI AMC underwent changes and displayed progress during

the year. The Company is one of the largest asset managers

in the country and endeavours to attain a higher position.

UTI has persevered to deliver quality to all its stakeholders

by harnessing its strengths and staying committed to its

conviction.

The Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for the Company

remained highly satisfactory during the last fiscal. I am

pleased to inform you all that for the second consecutive

year, UTI Mutual Fund AUM has continued to grow at a

rate higher than the industry. We recorded a growth of

over 22%, against the industry growth of 19.5%. With the

Quarterly Average Asset Under Management (QAAUM) of

the Company being ` 2.24 lakh crore for the Mutual Fund

business, the Group AUM for UTI AMC reached ` 13.49

lakh crore as of 31st March, 2022. The Company has also

seen an upward movement in its market share.

During FY 2021-22, UTI MF added over 8.5 lakh folios

taking the total number of live folios to 1.19 crore as

on 31st March, 2022. Our open-ended equity-oriented

schemes were the major contributors. This growth in the

numbers was largely supplemented by our SIP book. For

UTI, the SIP AUM grew by almost 32% over the last year

with the number reaching over ` 18,000 crore in March

2022.

Our well-entrenched presence across the country continues

to facilitate the accretion to our market share. We have a

strong presence in the ‘Beyond 30’ (B30) locations, with

108 of the 167 UTI Financial Centres (UFCs) in these cities.

About 23% of our Monthly Average AUM (MAAUM) comes

from the B30 locations whereas the number for the industry

stands at 17%. We aim to further enhance our distribution in

these locations.

Our subsidiary companies too continue to remain focused

on their sustained growth.

uti aSSet management comPanY LimiteD

11

corporate overview:

letter of appointment which inter-

alia incorporates their roles and responsibilities, terms of

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.):

Managing Director / Chief Executive Officer;

iv.

Devise and review the policy on Board diversity;

v.

Identifying persons who qualify to become directors or who

may be appointed in senior management in accordance

with the criteria laid down and the succession plans

and recommending to the Board their appointment,

remuneration (in whatever form) and removal;

vi.

Determining whether to extend or continue the term of

appointment of the independent director, on the basis

of the report of performance evaluation of independent

directors;

vii. Oversee familiarisation programs for Directors;

viii. Formulate scheme / policy on Employees Stock Option,

review the same periodically and recommend to the Board

for its adoption / approval all aspects of Employees Stock

Option Plans (ESOP) including and not restricted to the

following:

a.

administering the ESOP, as may be approved by the

Board and implemented from time to time (the Plan);

b.

determining the eligibility of employees to participate

under the Plan;

c.

granting

options

to

eligible

employees

and

determining the date of grant;

d.

determining the number of options to be granted to

an employee;

e.

determining the exercise price under the Plan;

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.):

letter dated

22nd July, 2021 for the year 2021-22.

Furthermore, the Auditors’ Report for the financial year ended,

31st March, 2022 is annexed herewith for your kind perusal and

information as Annexure –1.

STANDALONE & CONSOLIDATED FINANCIALS:

Qualification in the Audit Report:

There are no qualification in the Statutory Audit Report for the

year.

Conservation of energy, technology absorption and

foreign exchange earnings & outgo:

A. Conservation of energy:

The Company is not paying rent and hence the same is not

applicable.

B. Technology absorption:

Since the Company is carrying on fund management

activity there is no absorption of technology.

C. Foreign exchange earnings and outgo:

Foreign exchange inflow – NIL

Foreign exchange outflow –NIL

Risk Management:

Your Company has periodic assessments to identify the risk

areas. A review of the potential risk is made and management is

briefed on the risks in advance which enables the Company to

control risk through a properly defined plan. The elements of risk

threatening the Company’s existence is very minimal.

Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”):

The Company is not covered under the mandatory provisions of

CSR under the Act, for the said financial year.

Directors and Key Managerial Personnel (“KMP”):

For the financial year ended 31st March, 2022, Mr. I Rahman

(DIN: 01818725) Director,Mr. Surojit Saha (DIN: 06584521)

Director and Mr. Rohit Gulati (DIN: 08366349) Director are on

the Board of your Company.

Meetings of the Board of Directors:

The Company has held 5 (Five) Board meetings during the said

financial year and the attendance details of each of the directors

at the said Board Meetings are as under:

Board Meeting

Attendance of Directors

Mr. I

Rahman

Mr. Surojit

Saha

Mr. Rohit

Gulati

27th April, 2021

Present

Present

Present

7th June, 2021

Present

Present

Present

29th June, 2021

Present

Present

Present

25th October, 2021

Absent

Present

Present

20th January, 2022

Absent

Present

Present

Deposits:

The Company has not accepted any deposits covered under

Chapter V of the Act, during the said financial year.

Internal Financial Controls and their adequacy

The Company has adequate and necessary policies and

procedures in place for orderly and efficient conduct of its

business, safeguarding of its assets, prevention and detection of

frauds and errors and for ensuring accuracy and completeness

of accounting records and timely preparation of reliable financial

statements.

Annual Evaluation:

The provision of section 134(3)(p) relating to Board evaluation is

not applicable on the company for FY2021-22.

Independent directors and declaration:

The provisions of Section 149 pertaining to the appointment of

Independent Directors do not apply to the Company.

Nomination,

Remuneration

and

Stakeholders

Relationship Committee:

The Provisions of Sec. 178(1) of the Companies Act, 2013

read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Meeting of Board and its

Power) Rules, 2014 pertaining to Constitution of Nomination &

Remuneration Committee is not applicable to the Company for

FY 2021-22.

Audit Committee

The provisions of Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 read

with Rule 6 and 7 of the Companies (Meetings of the Board and

its Powers) Rules, 2013 are not applicable to the Company.

Secretarial Audit report:

The provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013

pertaining to the Secretarial Audit do not apply to our Company.

Cost Audit:

The provisions of Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013

pertaining to the Cost Audit do not apply to our Company.

Vigil Mechanism:

The provisions of Section 177(9) and (10) of the Companies Act,

2013 do not apply to our Company.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Contd.):

Director's Fees

Christopher M W Hill

10,980

11,454

No remuneration is paid by UTI International Ltd to Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman, as he is a full time director of UTI AMC Limited.

Details of related parties’ balances included in the statement of financial position are as follows:

Nature of Transaction

Holding Company

Key Management Personnel

Total

31st March, 2022

31st March, 2022

31st March, 2022

31st March, 2021

31st March, 2021

31st March, 2021

GBP

GBP

GBP

Outstanding balances

Trade & other receivables

223,288

-

223,288

146,224

-

146,224

Trade & other payables

335,120

-

335,120

225,911

-

225,911:

Letter Ref

No. File No. PFRDA/16/3/02/ 0001/2020-REG-PF dated

30th March,2021 from 0.0102% of Average AUM to New

Slab rate of the daily closing AUM.

Slab of AUM

Maximum Investment

Management Fees

Permissible Under

PFRDA Guideline

Up to 10,000 crores

0.07%

10,001 - 50,000 crores

0.06%

50,001 – 1,50,000 crores 0.05%

Above 1,50,000 crores

0.03%

Dividend income is recognised when the company’s right

to receive dividend is established by the reporting date.

Interest income are accounted on accrual basis.

2.4 Property, plant and equipment:

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost of

acquisition less accumulated depreciation, and impairment

losses, if any. The cost of acquisition is inclusive of duties,

freight and other incidental expenses related to acquisition

and installation of the assets. Subsequent expenditure

related to an item of Property, Plant and Equipment is added

to its book value, only if it increases the future benefits from

existing asset beyond its previously assessed standard of

performance. Capital work in progress is stated at cost.

The present value of the expected cost for the

decommissioning of an asset after its use is included in the

cost of the respective asset if the recognition criteria for a

provision are met.

Gains or losses arising from disposal of Property, Plant and

Equipments are measured as the differences between the

net disposal proceeds and carrying amount of asset and

are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the

asset is disposed.

The Company has elected to adopt the written down

values of Plant, Property &Equipments as their fair value as

permitted by IND AS.

The company provides depreciation on Property, plant

& equipment in the manner prescribed in schedule II to

Companies Act, 2013 on straight line method (SLM) on

pro-rata basis, based on prescribed useful life of assets

which are as under:

Description of

Assets

Useful Lives in years

As per the

Companies Act,

2013

As per

management’s

estimate

Leasehold

Property

As per Lease

Agreement

5 Years (As per

Executed Lease

Agreement)

Server & Network

6

6

Computer &

Laptop

3

3

Office Equipment

5

5

Furniture

10

10

Vehicle **

8

6

*In order to the determine the useful life of Leasehold

Property, the Company has considered the total useful life

according to the terms of the lease agreement executed as

on 1st January, 2022.

The Company, based on executed Lease Agreement, useful

life on leasehold Property has been considered for 5 years only.

** Management believes that the useful life of asset reflect

the year over which it is expected to be used.

Assets costing individually ` 5,000 or less are depreciated

at the rate of 100% on pro-rata basis.

Considering the materiality aspect, residual value 5 % of

the cost has been taken only for Leasehold Property.:

Managing Director. Claims

34. RATIO

Sr. No. Ratios

31st March, 2022

31st March, 2021

Variance

1

Current Ratio

81.07

32.45

48.62

2

Return on Equity Ratio

0.49

0.09

0.40

3

Trade Receivables turnover ratio

35.02

110.53

-75.51

4

Net profit ratio

0.45

0.19

0.26

5

Return on Capital employed

0.65

0.10

0.55

35.

Previous year’s figures have been regrouped/reclassified wherever necessary, to conform to current year’s classification.

As per our Report of even date

For Bansilal Shah & Co.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Chartered Accountants

UTI Retirement Solutions Limited

Firm Registration No. 000384W

Sahil Kothari

Imtaiyazur Rahman

Balram P. Bhagat

Partner

Chairman & Director

CEO & Whole Time Director

Membership No. 137144

DIN: 01818725

DIN : 01846261

Place : Mumbai

Vivek Vadwana

Shyamkumar Gupta

Date: 20th April, 2022

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

UDIN NO.: 22137144AHLGHG1378

Date : 19th April, 2022

NOTES TO ACCOUNTS ANNEXED TO AND FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2022 (Contd.):

