Message from Managing Director & CEO 12

Key performance indicators

16

18-53

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

Responsible banking

18

Environment

26

Social

32

Governance

44

54-183

STATUTORY REPORTS

Management discussion and analysis

54

Directors’ report

88

Corporate governance report

116

Business responsibility report

171

184-310

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Standalone Financials

184

Consolidated Financials

267

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

YES BANK has now traversed beyond

two years on its extraordinary

transformational journey post the

Bank’s Reconstruction in March 2020.

After deftly navigating a challenging

macro scenario in the wake of

COVID-19 and other extraneous

factors, your Bank is now well placed

to deliver accelerated solid growth

into the future in an inclusive and

sustainable way. Despite several

challenges,

the

Bank

turned

a

significant corner and achieved a

historic milestone of returning to

robust profitability after a gap of

two years.

To ensure seamless and quality growth from

hereon, our top priorities would be to extend the

boundaries of safe and easy banking, establish

new paradigms of customer satisfaction, sharpen

our operating performance, and foster innovation

and digitisation that will give strong momentum

to our fast-emerging business evolution. Your

Bank will continue to ensure that this quality and

sustainable growth is achieved by maintaining

the highest standards of governance, compliance,

and risk assurance.

EXTERNAL ENVIRONMENT

FY 2021-22 has been a year of resurgence for the

economy, and our growth curve has gained from

this upswing. After a year of contraction of 6.6% in

2020-21, the Indian economy is back on track in

FY 2021-22 and has grown by 8.7%. Agricultural growth

remained in the positive territory through the period of

the COVID-19 restrictions. Manufacturing sector growth

was at 9.9% in FY 2021-22, after being in a contraction

zone in the previous year while Services sector growth

was strong at 8.4% in FY 2021-22, recovering from a 7.8%

contraction in FY 2020-21.

The new fiscal has started with its challenges as the world

economy remains on edge against global inflationary

pressures and the unexpected Russia-Ukraine conflict

and its broader geopolitical implications. With oil

and commodity prices ratcheting up, India’s macro

fundamentals are also likely to be under pressure,

especially as inflationary contagion worsens and

external sector vulnerability increases. Consequential

potential adverse impact and volatility of fixed income

and capital markets will need to be closely monitored.

However, as per estimates by multilateral agencies, India

would maintain its position among the fastest-growing

economies globally, with RBI holding adequate stock of

foreign exchange reserves to contain external sector

vulnerabilities. Even with all these global uncertainties,

we expect the government to continue its reforms

process and support robust economic growth through

calibrated public capital expenditure and continued

policy modifications for ease of doing business.

Given the growing uncertainties over global and

domestic risks, your Bank will maintain a strong vigil

for unexpected risks. Over the past two years, we

have steered through a very complex situation and

developed robust risk processes. Therefore, the Bank

remains confident of achieving its full potential in the

current financial year by tapping into emerging growth

opportunities and extending full support and services to

the underserved.

TRANSFORMATION YIELDING STRONG RESULTS

The Bank’s transformation journey is now near complete,

and the restructuring is yielding strong results. While

the year that followed the start of this transformation

was about building more robust internal structures, risk

management mechanisms and growing public trust, this

year’s focus has been on delivering on the promise and

setting a definitive growth agenda for the future.

Your Bank has performed successfully across several

key parameters despite the COVID-19 pandemic and

other headwinds that slowed economic growth over

the year. The Bank reported a net profit of `1,066 crore

in FY 2021-22 – this is the first full year of profitability

reported since FY19. Strong growth is reflected across

total assets, advances, deposits, and the strategic

objective of our advances mix between Retail and MSME

to Corporate at 60:40 has been achieved. Our deposits

growth has been leapfrogging ahead, with current

account deposits growing by 39% and savings accounts

deposits by 48% YoY. Our retail book has become more

diversified this year, and we continue to keep a hawk-eye

focus on the quality and collections under this book. The

Bank’s balance sheet crossed `3 lakh crore for the first

time since September 2019. GNPA ratio has improved

to 13.9% vs 15.4% last year. These positive indicators

Balance Sheet crosses D3 lakh

crore during the year and GNPA

ratio improves to 13.9% vs 15.4%

last year.

CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE

A new beginning with

unbounded opportunities

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

9

8

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

MESSAGE FROM MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO

Positive rebound,

confident growth: Dear Shareholders,

I am happy to report to you that

the Bank has returned to full-

year profitability – a first since

FY 2018-19 with a net profit of

`1,066

crore.

Reflecting

back,

I would like to thank all the 24,346

YES BANKers, our shareholders, our

customers, and other stakeholders

who have supported us in this

transformational journey.

The first quarter of FY 2021-22 coincided with

the second wave of COVID-19 in India, which was

more severe than the first wave. Having said that,

the relative downside to the economy was lower

than during the first wave as the government did

not go in for a blanket lockdown of the economy.

Restrictions to economic activity were more

localised and selective. Economic momentum

was seen to improve over the various quarters

of FY 2021-22, and real GDP growth stands at

8.7% after a contraction of 6.6% in the previous

financial year. Both the government and the

monetary authorities continued their efforts to

stabilise the economy. RBI kept the policy rates

unchanged throughout the year and ensured

the availability of adequate liquidity to meet

credit requirements for different sectors. The

government also encouraged credit flows to

the MSME sector through its ECLGS scheme.

The Union Budget announced in February 2022

signalled a fiscal correction for FY 2022-23 but

kept

the

government’s

capital

expenditure

push intact.

In these uncertain times, the Bank was able to

post one of its strongest annual and quarterly

results. Maintaining that early momentum across

all leading indicators, YES BANK has closed the year with

a first Full Year profit of `1,066 crore and continued its

efforts to build businesses across all areas of banking.

This positive performance has resulted from unwavering

teamwork and a culmination of the YES family’s dedicated

efforts towards achieving service excellence. Every YES

BANKer has gone above and beyond in persevering to

ensure that all vital business opportunities get realized

to enhance value for our stakeholders.

The Bank’s new leadership has been successful in

implementing positive changes and has delivered on the

priorities set out in the last fiscal. During this time, the

work of reconstructing the Bank’s corporate governance,

accountability, monitoring and oversight and risk

management structures was also put in place. Business

priorities have gained precedence on the foundation

of this robust and transparent governance framework.

During the year, sustained growth was recorded across

many key parameters, indicating the strengthening

fundamentals, and firming up public confidence.

GROWTH IN DEPOSITS, ADVANCES,

AND RETAIL ASSETS

At the end of the year, deposits stood at `197,192 crore,

marking a growth of 21% over last year. Advances too

demonstrated a significant upward trend closing at

`181,052 crore for the year, an 8% increase over last

year’s figures. A strong run-rate has been maintained

in the numbers of accounts acquired, with a total of

10 Lakh CASA accounts opened and 11 Lakh retail FD

accounts opened during the year. This uptick has been

achieved despite prevailing low-interest rates offered by

the banking sector.

Retail assets continue to form a mixed portfolio spread

across secured business loans, auto loans, commercial

vehicle loans, personal loans, construction equipment

loans, and credit cards. The Bank reported nearly

`33,000 crore in new sanctions/disbursements in retail

assets in FY 2021-22.

LEADERSHIP IN DIGITAL PAYMENT ECOSYSTEM

Maximising market share growth in the digital payments

space has been our concerted strategy in line with

Digital India, the Government’s flagship programme

with a vision to transform India into a digitally

empowered society and knowledge economy. We are

in a leadership position in UPI and AePS, with a market

share of 43% and 18% in FY2021-22, respectively. In fact,

the Bank processes nearly every third digital transaction

undertaken in India. We also have a reasonable market

share while processing payouts through NEFT (14%

market share), IMPS (12% market share) and Micro ATMs

(3rd largest player with 10% market share). In pursuit of

exploring newer areas, the Bank shall focus on digitising

toll and transit areas. Annuity incomes continue to show

strong growth from trade and cash management on the

back of high API-led banking volumes. The Bank holds

a leadership position in API banking, with 6,815 set-ups

done for customers.

Our early adoption of cloud-based services and AI-led

analytics has created this advantage, with the early

leadership position enhancing our chances of growing

revenues as platforms become ubiquitous. YES BANK is

deepening its presence and raising its service standards

on such platforms while extending its reach at very low

operating costs as part of the Government’s Digital India

and Cashless India initiatives. Such a strategy also aligns

with our growth strategy around rural banking, inclusive

banking, small and micro enterprises.

Maximising market share growth

in the digital payments space has

been our concerted strategy in

line with Digital India. In fact, the

Bank processes nearly every third

digital transaction undertaken in

the country.

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

13

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Message from Managing Director & CEO

GRANULAR APPROACH IN WHOLESALE

BANKING AND EMERGING GROWTH AREAS

A segmental approach with respect to the wholesale

banking clients delivered good results. Bifurcating the

clients into large corporate, institutional clients, emerging

In the rural segment, our portfolio is spread across ~225

districts in 14 states, and the total book size is `4,100 crore.

The Bank’s exposure to rural lenders is well distributed

across the value chain, with the largest share of loanees

under joint liability group (48% share) and farmer financing

(35% share). NPA at <2% is one of the healthiest across the

Bank’s entire loan portfolio.

A similar strategy has been adopted for our MSME clients,

where digital and analytics form the fulcrum of both new

acquisitions and seamless customer service. Analytics

is being used to drive prospective client identification,

while the AI-powered Early Warning Signals framework

helps to flag off incipient sickness and support frontline

remedial management.

UNWAVERING FOCUS ON RECOVERIES

The Stressed Asset Management team of the Bank has

been instrumental in achieving cash recoveries and

upgrades amounting to `7,290 crore in FY 2021-22, which

is on the back of `5,782 crore in FY2020-21. This has been

a focus area of the Bank over the past two years, and the

team has more than achieved its guidance. The strong

push towards business generation has in no way taken

away our focus on improving our loan book quality, with

the GNPA ratio improving to 13.9% and PCR, including

technical write-offs, at 81.5%.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

(ESG) PERFORMANCE

The Bank continues to deliver on its commitment to build

a responsible franchise focused on sustainable growth.

This year, the Bank announced a target to achieve net-

zero emissions from its operations by 2030. As a first

step, it switched to sourcing renewable energy to power

its headquarters in Mumbai. Ensuring that its branches

and offices adhere to the highest environmental

performance standards, the Bank continued to monitor

and enhance its Environmental Management System,

with 732 of its facilities maintaining their ISO 14001:2015

certification for the ninth year in a row. Committed to

building a diverse and inclusive workplace, the Bank is

targeting to increase the participation of women to 30%

of its workforce in the next five years and is in the process

of recruiting differently abled persons at select centres.

The Bank has also instituted important policies to

enhance employee work-life balance and emphasize

its commitment to respect human rights within

the organization and across its value chain. On the

portfolio front, the Bank continues to strengthen the

implementation of its Environment and Social Risk

Management

System

through

specialized

training

modules and is proactively taking steps toward climate

risk measurement and mitigation in its endeavour to align

with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-

Related Financial Disclosures. YES BANK continues to be

the only Indian Bank to measure and report its financed

emissions, targeting to align its electricity generation

sector exposure to the global 1.5-degree decarbonization

pathways. During the year, the Bank was recognized for

its ESG and climate-related disclosures and performance

with its inclusion as a constituent in Morgan Stanley

Capital International’s (MSCI) ACWI ESG Universal Index

and ACWI Low Carbon Leaders Index, among others. The

Bank was also the only Indian Bank to be selected among

the 100 Best Emerging Market Performers in ESG, as

assessed by V.E, part of Moody’s ESG Solutions.

As

we

consolidate

on

the

growth

momentum,

organization-wide initiatives are being taken up to

strengthen our long-term capabilities by ensuring critical

skills in a diverse talent pool. Across the people hierarchy,

we are aligning our people capabilities to deliver on the

strategic growth pillars identified by the organization.

We continue with our light-at-the-top disaggregated

approach, with close to 21,000 of our 24,346 strong

workforce belonging to the junior management level. We

have instituted a dedicated capability building function

called the YES School of Banking for this very large group

to provide specific role and skill-focused training and

certifications. Simultaneously, we continue to stress the

importance of making YES BANK a nurturing workplace

for our employees, with policies that provide creative and

supportive solutions for various employee needs. Our

hybrid and flexible working model are one such example;

skill or goal-based employee training module is another.

Our efforts to create a wholesome work environment

have been recognized -- we have been ranked second

among the large-sized banks in the Best Places to Work

in India 2021 awards, conducted by AmbitionBox.com.

Our constant endeavour is to deliver the best value to

our stakeholders and to honour the trust they have

placed in us. To strengthen our commitment to all our

stakeholders, we have shared our strategic objectives

for FY 2022-23, which include CASA ratio at 35%, Retail

& MSME Advances Mix to further improve by > 400 bps

from the current 60:40, Advances YoY growth > 15% with

corporate advances growth at 10% and Retail, SME and

Medium Enterprises advances growth > 25%, Sustain CD

ratio < 100%, Recoveries and Upgrades > `5,000 crore

and ROA > 0.75%.

The horizon of India’s growth appears dynamic and

replete with promise, and we are invested in leveraging

this immense potential in ways that serve the country

and our stakeholders. I thank each one of you who has

been a part of the YES BANK family for your valued

support and trust. I am confident that we will grow

stronger together as we welcome a more prosperous

tomorrow.

Sincerely,

PRASHANT KUMAR: Managing

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer, Two Non-executive Directors as

named under the Yes Bank Limited Reconstruction

Scheme, 2020 (“the Scheme”), Two Directors nominated

by the State Bank of India, Two Directors appointed by

the Reserve Bank of India as Additional Directors and

Three Non-Executive Directors co-opted pursuant to

Clause 5(5) of the Scheme read with Memorandum and

Articles of Association of the Bank.

Committed to adhere to the highest standard of ethics,

integrity and transparency and to protect the interest of all

its stakeholders, the Bank’s Board is focused on ensuring

both the corporate governance and risk controls of the

Bank. Over the past 2 years, the Bank has strengthened

its governance, compliance and underwriting frameworks

by demarcating roles and responsibilities and enhancing

independence and accountability.

Code of Conduct

The Bank has adopted an Employee Code of Conduct that applies to

all executives. Comprehensive employee trainings are conducted

on the Code, followed by a mandatory certification test. More

details click here: https://www.yesbank.in/regulatory_policies

Code of Business Conduct

and Ethics for the Board

of Directors and Senior

Management

The Board has also formulated and adopted the Code of Conduct

and Ethics that the Board of Directors and Senior Management

must adhere to. More details available here: https://www.yesbank.

in/about-us/corporate-governance

Anti-Bribery and

Anti-Corruption Policy

The Bank has implemented a group-wide Anti-Bribery and

Anti-Corruption policy which defines what constitutes bribery/

corruption (including facilitation payments) and outlines the

corruption control and reporting mechanisms. A summary of the

policy can be accessed at: https://www.yesbank.in/pdf?name=ybl_

abac_policy.pdf

Anti-Money Laundering

Policy (AML)

The Board-approved KYC/ AML policy provides a broad framework

for adherence to national and local regulatory requirements

related to Know Your Client/ Anti-Money Laundering/ Combating

Financing of Terrorism directives.

Whistle Blower Policy

In compliance with the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements, 2015) and other applicable laws and in

accordance with principles of good corporate governance, the Bank

has developed and implemented a Vigil Mechanism, in the form of

its ‘Whistle Blower Policy’. The details of the Whistle Blower Policy

are available here: https://www.yesbank.in/about-us/corporate-

governance

Corporate Social

Responsibility Policy

The Bank has a Corporate Social Responsibility Policy aligned with

Section 135 of The Companies Act, 2013 and in accordance with the

Companies Rules, 2014. The CSR policy is available here: https://

www.yesbank.in/pdf/ybl_corporate_social_responsibility_policy

Tax Strategy

The Bank has instituted a Board approved tax strategy that

incorporates good corporate practices in tax management and tax

transparency and responsibly balances the interests of its various

stakeholders, including our clients, shareholders, employees, and

the society at large. Details of the Bank’s tax strategy are available

on the Bank’s website at https://www.yesbank.in/pdf?name=yes_

bank_tax_strategy_pdf.pdf

The Bank has instituted a number of critical policies to promote a culture of compliance and to ensure that

the organization conforms to highest standards of ethics and integrity

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

45

44

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

& CEO, which oversees the implementation of the Bank’s

sustainability agenda. The Council sets long-, medium

and short-term sustainability targets and evaluates

the Bank’s ESG performance. In FY 2021-22, the Bank

further strengthened its ESG governance by constituting

a Board-level Corporate Social Responsibility and

Environmental Social & Governance Committee to

oversee the Sustainability Council and guide the Bank’s

overall ESG agenda.

YES BANK’S ESG GOVERNANCE

FRAMEWORK

Board Oversight

Corporate

Social

Responsibility

and

Environmental

Social

&

Governance

Committee

Management Oversight

Sustainability Council chaired by the: Managing

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Ravindra Pandey

Non-Executive Director

SBI Nominee Director

Mr. Ananth Narayan

Gopalakrishnan

Additional Director

Appointed by RBI

Mr. Atul Bheda

Non-Executive Director

Mr. R. Gandhi

Additional Director

Appointed by RBI

Mr. Mahesh Krishnamurti

Non-Executive Director

Mr. V. S. Radhakrishnan

Non-Executive Director

SBI Nominee Director

Mr. Atul Malik1

Non-Executive Director

Ms. Rekha Murthy1

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Sharad Sharma2

Non-Executive Director

Notes :

Detailed profiles of all Directors are given in the

Corporate Governance Report.

1. Appointed w.e.f. August 30, 2021

2. Appointed w.e.f. November 01, 2021

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

49

48

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Niranjan Banodkar

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Ravi Thota

Country Head, Large

Corporates

Ms. Anita Pai

Chief Operating Officer

Mr. Rajan Pental

Global Head,

Branch and Retail Banking

Mr. Anurag Adlakha

Chief Human

Resources Officer

Notes:

1. Reports directly to the Risk Management Committee of the Board.

2. Reports directly to the Audit Committee of the Board.

3. Reports directly to the Chairman of Board.

Mr. Arun Agrawal

Country Head, Institutional

& Govt Banking

Mr. Amit Sureka

Country Head,

Financial Markets

Mr. Akash Suri

Country Head, Stressed

Asset Management

Mr. Indranil Pan

Chief Economist

Mr. Gaurav Goel

Country Head, Emerging

Local Corporates

Mr. Ajay Rajan

Country Head,

Transaction Banking

Mr. Rakesh Arya

Chief Credit Risk Officer

Mr. Sandeep Mehra

Chief Vigilance Officer

Mr. Sumit Gupta1

Chief Risk Officer

Mr. Ashish Chandak2

Chief Compliance Officer

Mr. Kapil Juneja2

Chief Internal Auditor

Mr. Shivanand Shettigar3

Company Secretary

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

51

50

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer.

DEPOSITS

Being a banking company, the disclosures required as

per Rule 8(5)(v) & (vi) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules,

2014, read with Sections 73 and 74 of the Companies Act,

2013 are not applicable to your Bank.

AWARDS AND RECOGNITION

During the year under review, the Bank was recognised

in various ways/by various institutions and some of the

key awards presented to the Bank are listed below:

• Best Cash Management Project in India by the Asian

Banker Banker’s Choice Awards

• CIO Circle of Excellence by CNBC TV18

• Best ERP Integration Initiative - Global Transaction

Banking Innovation Awards 2021

• Most

Innovative

Transaction

Banking

Solution

for Liquidity Management in COVID-19 - Global

Transaction Banking Innovation Awards 2021

• Most Innovative Working Capital Solution in COVID-19

- Global Transaction Banking Innovation Awards 2021

• Best Cloud Adoption in Medium Bank Category by IBA

• Best IT Risk Management and Cyber Security Initiatives

in Medium Bank Category by IBA

• India Domestic Transaction Banking Initiative of the

Year award organised by Asian Banking and Finance

Included in the 100 Best Emerging Market Performers

Ranking for its ESG practices, as assessed by V.E, part of

Moody’s ESG Solutions

DIVERGENCE IN ASSET CLASSIFICATION AND

PROVISIONING FOR NPAs

Based on the condition mentioned in RBI circular, no

disclosure on divergence in asset classification and

provisioning for NPAs is required with respect to RBI’s

supervisory process for the year ended March 31, 2021.

SUBSIDIARY, ASSOCIATE AND JOINT VENTURE

COMPANIES AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

As on March 31, 2022, the Bank had one wholly-owned

subsidiary, YES Securities (India) Limited (‘YSIL’).

During the year under review, the Bank divested its 100%

stake in YES Asset Management (India) Limited (‘YAMIL’)

and YES Trustee Limited (‘YTL’), the wholly owned

subsidiaries of the Bank to GPL Finance and Investments

Ltd (“GPL”), pursuant to share purchase agreement dated

August 21, 2020. White Oak Investment Management Pvt

Ltd. owns 99% of GPL. The ultimate beneficial owner of

the GPL is Mr. Prashant Khemka who owns 99.99% of the

White Oak Investment Management Pvt Ltd.

Accordingly, YAMIL and YTL ceased to be the Subsidiaries

of the Bank effective from November 1, 2021.

The Bank does not have any material subsidiary, associate

and joint venture company. There were no entities which

became the Bank’s Subsidiaries, associates or joint

ventures during the year.

Performance and Financial Position of YSIL is given in

Management Discussion & Analysis which forms part of

this Annual Report.

The brief details about business of the subsidiary is

as under:

YES Securities (India) Limited (YSIL)

YES Securities (India) Limited (YSIL) offers retail, HNI and

corporate customers a comprehensive range of products

and services, encompassing Wealth Broking, Investment

Advisory, Investment Banking (including a dedicated

Sustainable Investment Banking practice), Merchant

Banking, Research and Institutional Equities services.

YSIL is a SEBI registered Securities Broker holding

membership of National Stock Exchange (NSE), Bombay

Stock Exchange (BSE), Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX)

& National Commodity & Derivatives Exchange (NCDEX).

YSIL is also registered with SEBI as Category I Merchant

Banker, Investment Adviser, Research Analyst as well as

Depository Participant with CDSL.YSIL is also Sponsor &

Investment manager to YSL Alternates Alpha plus Fund

which is a SEBI registered Category III AIF.

The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bank

and its Subsidiary company for the Financial Year

ended March 31, 2022 prepared in accordance with the

requirement of Section 129(3) of the Companies Act,

2013 shall be laid before the ensuing AGM and it forms

part of this Annual Report.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 129(3) of the

Companies Act, 2013, a statement containing salient

features of Financial Statements of subsidiary company

of the Bank in Form AOC-1 forms part of the Annual

Report. The Financial Statements of the subsidiary

of the Bank are available on the website of the Bank

(www.yesbank.in). Financials of Bank and its subsidiary

shall also be available for inspection by members or

trustees of the holders of any debentures/bonds of the

Bank at its Registered office.

INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND

THEIR ADEQUACY

The Bank has implemented adequate procedures

and

internal

controls

which

provide

reasonable

assurance regarding reliability of financial reporting

and preparation of financial statements. The Bank also

ensures that internal controls are operating effectively.

There is utmost attention accorded to Internal Financial

Controls at both, the highest levels at Management as

well as the Audit Committee of the Board. There is no

material weakness in the Bank’s framework with respect

to Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting

and the Bank shall continue to review its overall control

framework on an ongoing basis to ensure robustness

and effectiveness of its controls.

Directors’ Report

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

93

92

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter No. DoR.PSBD.No. 325/16.05.004/ 2020-21

dated August 24, 2020, Additional Directors appointed

by RBI are not subject to performance evaluation and

the SBI Nominee Directors also have opted out from

the process. Given the present composition of the

Board under the Scheme, the Bank was not required to

mandatorily comply with the stipulated procedure of

Performance Evaluation for FY 2021-22. However, as a

matter of good governance, the Board has carried out the

Performance Evaluation of the Directors, excluding the

Additional Directors appointed by RBI and the SBI Nominee

Directors, for the Financial Year 2021-22, in an appropriate

manner. The Board has also carried out performance

evaluation of Board as Whole and its Committees.

POLICY ON APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors of the Bank had formulated and

adopted policy on “Board Diversity and Fit & Proper

Criteria and Succession Planning” for appointment of

Directors on the Board of the Bank and succession

planning. The details of the same have been included

in the Report on Corporate Governance forming part of

this Annual Report.

REMUNERATION POLICY

The Board of Directors of the Bank had formulated

and adopted policies for Remuneration of Directors

including the Chairman of the Bank. The details of the

same are made available on the Bank’s website and can

be accessed at https://www.yesbank.in/ pdf/board_

kmp_sr_mgmt_remuneration_policy_pdf.

Further, the Bank has a separate Total Rewards Policy

articulated in line with relevant RBI guidelines which

interalia deals with the Compensation & Benefits of the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO - Prashant Kumar

32.54x

The percentage increase in remuneration of each director, CFO,

CEO, CS in the financial year

CFO – Niranjan Banodkar*

NA

CS – Shivanand R. Shettigar**

-13.9%: Managing Director & CEO - Prashant Kumar

35.5%

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN : 07562475)

Sharad Sharma

Chairman of Committee

(DIN : 05160057)

Annexure 2

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

105

104

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated August 02, 2021 imposed a penalty

of ` 500,000 on this matter.

III.

Members’ approval was obtained at the 17th Annual

General Meeting of the Bank held on August 27,

2021, inter alia for borrowing/ raising funds in

Indian/ foreign currency by issue of debt securities,

on private placement basis or otherwise, as deemed

fit by the Board of Directors as per the structure

and within the limits permitted by the RBI upto

an amount of ` 10,000 crore, in domestic and/or

overseas market, during a period of one year from

the date of passing of this resolution, within the

overall borrowing limits of the Bank.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

107

106

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated December 29, 2021 approved

the early redemption of certain Basel II compliant

Lower Tier II & Upper Tier II Bond instruments

aggregating to ` 2609.80 crore. Thereafter, the

Capital Raising Committee of the Bank in its meeting

held on February 11, 2022, considered and approved

the proposal for seeking an approval from the

investors for early redemption of the said bonds.

VII. Members’ approval was obtained on March 31, 2022

through postal ballot authorising raising of Capital

through the issuance of equity shares or other

securities by way of a public issue, preferential

issue, qualified institutions placement, private

placement or a combination thereof of equity

shares of the Bank having face value of ` 2 (Rupees

Two only) each for an amount aggregating up to

` 10,000 crore (Rupees Ten Thousand crore only), in

one or more tranches, at such price or prices, at the

Board’s discretion.

VIII. During the financial year ended March 31, 2022,

the Bank redeemed total bonds aggregating to

` 1410.50 crore.

For Bhandari & Associates

Company Secretaries

Firm Registration No: P1981MH043700

S. N. Bhandari

Partner

FCS No: 761; C P No.: 366

Mumbai | May 06, 2022

ICSI UDIN: F000761D000266191

This report is to be read with our: letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure ‘A’ and forms an integral

part of this report.

‘ANNEXURE A’

To,

The Members,

YES BANK LIMITED

CIN: L65190MH2003PLC143249

Our Secretarial Audit Report for the Financial Year ended on March 31, 2022 of even date is to be read along with

this letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Bank Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Account of the Bank.

4.

Wherever required we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Bank nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Bank.

For Bhandari & Associates

Company Secretaries

Firm Registration No: P1981MH043700

S. N. Bhandari

Partner

FCS No: 761; C P No.: 366

Mumbai | May 06, 2022

ICSI UDIN: F000761D000266191

Annexure 3

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

109

108

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 07562475)

Sunil Mehta

Chairman

(DIN: 00065343)

Annexure 5

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

115

114

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO which oversees the

implementation of the Bank’s sustainability agenda,

sets long, medium & short-term sustainability

targets and evaluates the Bank’s ESG performance.

In FY 2021-22, the Bank strengthened its ESG

governance by change in nomenclature of a Board

level, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee to

Corporate Social Responsibility and Environmental

Social & Governance Committee to oversee the

Sustainability Council and guide the Bank’s overall

ESG agenda.

YES BANK continues to disclose its ESG performance

in line with international benchmark disclosure

frameworks such as Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)

Standards, Integrated Reporting (IR) Framework

and

Taskforce

on

Climate-related

Financial

disclosures (TCFD) recommendations. The Bank has

consequently earned a place in prestigious global

ESG rankings and Indices. In FY 2021-22, YES BANK

was selected among the 100 Best Emerging Market

Performers as assessed by V.E, part of Moody’s ESG

Solutions. The ranking, as of July 2021, comprised

the top 100 performing companies listed in

developing markets with the most advanced scores

in social responsibility, human rights, employment

practices, environmental protection, corporate

governance, business ethics and contributions to

social and economic development in areas where

they operate. YES BANK continues to be the only

Indian Bank in the ranking (It was first included

in the V.E ranking from December 2017-June 2019

period). YES BANK was included as a constituent in

a number of Morgan Stanley Capital International’s

(MSCI) flagship global equity indices aligned with

worldwide ESG benchmarks. As of December 2021,

the Bank featured in the MSCI ACWI’s ESG Universal

Index, MSCI ACWI Low Carbon Leaders Index, MSCI

ACWI Low Carbon Target Index, MSCI ACWI Climate

Change Index, and MSCI ACWI Climate Paris Aligned

Index, among others. The Bank was also rated ‘B’

(Management Band) by CDP for its 2021 Climate

Change disclosures.

The Bank’s sustainability disclosures can be

accessed

here:

https://www.yesbank.in/about-

us/sustainability-at-yes-bank/esg-disclosures/

sustainability-reports.

Governance Structure

YES

BANK’s

Corporate

Governance

Structure

has been designed keeping in view of the

regulatory and business requirements, which

provides

a

comprehensive

framework

to

(i)

enhance accountability to shareholders and other

stakeholders, (ii) ensure timely implementations of

the plans and accurate disclosures of all material

matters, (iii) deal fairly with shareholders and

other stakeholder interests, and (iv) maintain high

standards of business ethics and integrity.

2.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

(a) Composition and Category of Directors:

During the FY 2021-22, the Board of Directors

consisted of Eleven Directors including One Non-

Executive Chairman, One: Managing

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

Appointment - March 26, 2020

Mr. Sunil Mehta

(DIN: 00065343)

Non- Executive Chairman

Appointment - March 26, 2020

Mr. Mahesh Krishnamurti

(DIN: 02205868)

Non-Executive Director

Appointment - March 26, 2020

Mr. Atul Bheda

(DIN: 03502424)

Non-Executive Director

Appointment - March 26, 2020

Mr. Rama Subramaniam Gandhi

(DIN: 03341633)

Additional Director appointed by

Reserve Bank of India

Appointment - March 26, 2020

Mr. Ananth Narayan Gopalakrishnan

(DIN: 05250681)

Additional Director appointed by

Reserve Bank of India

Appointment - March 26, 2020

Mr. Vadalur Subramanian Radhakrishnan

(DIN: 08064705)

Nominee Director appointed by

State Bank of India

Appointment - July 31, 2020

Mr. Ravindra Pandey

(DIN: 07188637)

Nominee Director appointed by

State Bank of India

Appointment - November 03, 2020

Mr. Atul Malik

(DIN: 07872539)

Non-Executive Director

Appointment – August 30, 2021

Ms. Rekha Murthy

(DIN: 07825183)

Non-Executive Director

Appointment – August 30, 2021

Mr. Sharad Sharma

(DIN:05160057)

Non-Executive Director

Appointment – November 01, 2021

Aircraft Leasing. He was on the Board of all AIG

Companies in India and on the Board of IDFC Ltd.

for several years. Prior to joining AIG, he worked

with Citibank for over 18 years where he held

various senior positions covering operations, sales

& risk process re-engineering, risk management,

public sector business and corporate banking.

His last assignment was Corporate Bank Head for

Citibank India and Senior Credit Officer. In addition,

he is a Senior Advisor to notable international/

domestic corporations amongst his other business

responsibilities at SPM Capital Advisers Pvt. Ltd.

Mr. Mehta is also on the Global Advisory Board of

A T Kearney. He was a Non-Executive Chairman of

Punjab National Bank from March 2017 till February

2020. He was an Independent Director on the Board

of State Bank of India from June 2014 to March

2017. He is presently a Board Member of ACC Ltd

(A subsidiary of Holcim Group), Sashakt India Asset

Management Ltd., Welmo Fintech Pvt. Ltd. and

Bodytronix Fitness Pvt. Ltd. He was on the Board of

IL&FS group companies and a startup digital non-

life insurance company - Acko General Insurance

Ltd. He is closely engaged with various Think Tanks

and Chambers of Commerce. He is the founding

Board Member of the Asia Society India Centre and a

Past Chairman of American Chamber of Commerce

(AMCHAM India). He is currently on the India

Advisory Board of US India Strategic Partnership

Forum (USISPF). He has strong interests in building

sustainable communities and is the immediate Past

Chairman of Action for Ability Development and

Inclusion (Formerly the Spastics Society of North

India). He is actively engaged as the founding Board

Trustees of United Way India and Mumbai. He was

the Chairman of both these organisations and also

member of the Global Transition Board of United

Way Worldwide.

He was asked to Chair the Committee on

Resolution of Stressed Assets by the Honorable

Finance Minister of India. Other Members of the

Committee included the Chairman of State Bank

of India,: Managing Director of Bank of Baroda and

Deputy Managing Director of SBI. The Committee

presented the Sashakt Report on Resolution of

Stressed Assets to the Finance Minister on July

2, 2018. The report is under implementation and

made significant progress with adoption of the

Inter Creditor Agreement (ICA) by the Regulator

and all major Banks/NBFC’s in addition to other

recommendations for resolution of stressed assets.

Mr. Mehta is a Graduate from Shri Ram College

of Commerce, Delhi University. He is a Fellow

Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants

of India and an Alumni of the Wharton School of

Management, University of Pennsylvania, USA.

Mr. Mahesh Krishnamurti

(Appointed as Non-Executive Director of the Bank

w.e.f. March 26, 2020)

Mr. Mahesh Krishnamurti has extensive experience

in partnering closely with senior leadership teams

in some of the most dynamic companies in the

world. In December 2018, he left RGP, a leading

Nasdaq-listed global consultancy (“RECN”), where

he had been India MD & Country head and member

of the Global Leadership Team since 2007. He was

selected by the Board to establish and lead RGP

India and relocated to Mumbai from New York in

2007. At RGP, Mr. Krishnamurti advised large MNCs

on operational and strategic initiatives. Prior to

his India assignment, Mr. Krishnamurti’s career in

the US variously covered senior operational, sales,

finance, planning, entrepreneurial, and consultancy

roles at Digital Equipment Corporation, Symbol

Technologies,

Goldman

Sachs,

Worth

Media,

and RGP.

He is a Limited Partner with Arka Venture Labs, a

cross-border, B2B deep-tech seed fund focused

on supporting early-stage technology ventures

in India and transitioning them to the Silicon

Valley ecosystem.

As an Impact Advisor, he is steeped in Sustainability,

and Environmental, Social, Governance (ESG)

challenges. He is Advisor with BuzzOnEarth, a fast-

growing online platform with a global audience

that engages the masses and actively influences

them towards positive action on Sustainability

Development Goals.

Mr. Krishnamurti is also a senior Advisor on ESG and

international operations with Vaco, LLC in the US,

and select social impact and technology start-ups.

He has been

Managing Director, Head of FX, Rates & Credit

Trading South Asia, between 2009-2012.

Prior to Standard Chartered Bank he was with

Citibank till 2005 (Director, Fixed Income & Currencies

Trading, India), and with Deutsche Bank (Managing

Director, Global Rates, South Asia – till 2009). He

served as the Chairman of the board of Standard

Chartered Nepal Limited between 2016–2017. He

was Vice Chairman on the board of Fixed Income

Money Markets Dealer’s Association (FIMMDA)

and Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India

(FEDAI), between 2012 and 2017.

He was on the Board of Central Depository

Services Ltd. and Standard Chartered Securities

India Ltd. between 2012 and 2017. He has been a

part of various RBI committees (including the one

that launched FX Options in India, Interest Rate

Futures, Financial Benchmarks etc). He has chaired

various SEBI working groups (including liquidity

risk management of debt funds, Fund Inter-scheme

Transfers and Fund total expense ratios). He has a B.

Tech (Electrical) from IIT Bombay and a PGDM from

IIM Lucknow.

Mr. Vadalur Subramanian Radhakrishnan

(Nominee Director appointed by State Bank of India

w.e.f. July 31, 2020)

Mr. V. S. Radhakrishnan joined State Bank of India

as Probationary Officer in 1988. He has served

Bank in various geographical locations both in India

and abroad. He has rich experience in Corporate

Banking and worked in both Corporate Accounts

Group (CAG) and Commercial Client Group (CCG)

verticals of the Bank, apart from Forex treasury and

Retail Network. He has worked as General Manager

& Regional Head, CAG, New Delhi and Chief General

Manager (CAG), SBI Corporate Centre, Mumbai.

Presently he is posted as Deputy: Managing Director,

Commercial Client Group at State Bank of India,

Corporate Centre, Mumbai.

Mr. Ravindra Pandey

(Nominee Director appointed by State Bank of India

w.e.f. November 03, 2020)

Mr. Ravindra Pandey, Deputy Managing Director

& CIO, State Bank of India is a career banker and

brings more than 3 decades of experience with deep

domain expertise and leadership experience in

Retail Banking, SME Credit, Digital Transformation,

Digital Strategy, International Banking, etc.

In his current role as DMD& CIO , SBI , he leads the

entire IT ecosystem of the Bank including running

of the Bank’s Core banking system, Digital Channels

etc. He is also responsible implementing future

technologies like AI, ML, Blockchain etc.

In the immediate past, he was DMD (Strategy) & chief

Digital Officer and his repertoire of skills include

– Digital Transformation, Digital and Transaction

Banking

Solutions,

Government

Business

Relationships and Strategy & Business development.

In the past Mr. Ravindra Pandey was Chief General

Manager, Rajasthan ; Chief General Manager

(Payments & Special Projects); General Manager

(Andhra Pradesh); General Manager (Merchant

Acquiring Business); Chief Executive Officer, State

Bank of India, Paris, etc.

Mr. Pandey is also a Member of High Level Group on

Digitalisation and Innovation of World Savings and

Retail Banking Institute (WSBI), Brussels; Director on

the Board of C-Edge Technologies Limited, Member,

FInTECH Advisory Board , IIM, Udaipur etc..

Mr. Atul Malik

(Appointed as Non-Executive Director of the Bank

w.e.f. August 30, 2021)

Mr. Atul Malik is a veteran banker with more than 30

years of widespread experience.

Mr. Malik is currently a Senior Advisor to TPG for

their financial services portfolio. He represents TPG

as the

Letter of Appointment is addressed

to the Independent Director(s) at the time of

their appointment. The terms and conditions of

Appointment of Independent Directors have been

disclosed on the website of the Bank at https://

www.yesbank.in/about-us/corporate-governance.

As already mentioned under para 2(a) of this report,

the current composition of the Board does not entail

Independent Director on the Board of the Bank.

(i)

Policy on Appointment of Directors:

The Bank has a Board approved ‘Policy on Board

Diversity and Fit & Proper Criteria and Succession

Planning’ (‘Fit & Proper Policy’) which comprises

of diversity of Board Composition, succession

planning and the detailed process for appointment

of Directors including the required skill sets,

experience, qualification, etc. as required under the

Companies Act, 2013, SEBI LODR, the BR Act and

other regulatory and business requirements. The

Nomination & Remuneration Committee is being

guided by the said policy while recommending

appointment of Directors. As per the Fit & Proper

Policy of the Bank, Bank ensures that not less than

51% of the total number of members of the Board of

Directors shall have special knowledge or practical

experience in (i) accountancy, (ii) agriculture and

rural economy, (iii) banking, (iv) co-operation, (v)

economics, (vi) finance, (vii) law, (viii) small-scale

industry, (ix) Information Technology (x) Payment &

Settlement Systems (xi) Human Resources (xii) Risk

Management (xiii) Business Management (xiv) any

other skill/ special knowledge/ practical experience

as may be specified by RBI from time to time.

(j)

Criteria

for

Appointment

of

Independent

Directors:

The Nomination & Remuneration Committee

while considering the proposal for appointment of

Independent Directors also considers the criteria

of independence prescribed under the Companies

Act, 2013 and SEBI LODR.

The current composition of the Board of Directors

of Bank is governed under the YBL Reconstruction

Scheme and till the alternate Board is formed in

accordance with the Articles of Association of the

Bank, the requirement of composition of the Board

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

125

124

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO attends the

meetings of the Audit Committee only during

the discussion on Financials Results of the

Bank. The Company Secretary acts as Secretary

to the Audit Committee.

d)

All members of the Audit Committee have

ability to read and understand financial

statements and Chairman of the Committee

possesses requisite accounting and financial

management expertise.

e)

The Chief Internal Auditor attends all the Audit

Committee Meetings as far as possible and brief

the Committee on all the points covered in the

Internal Audit Report as well as the other related

issues that come up during the discussions.

f)

During

the

year

under

review,

the

representatives of the Statutory Auditors have

attended all the Audit Committee meetings,

where Financial Results were approved, and

Direct and Indirect Tax matters were reviewed.

g)

The Chairman of the Audit Committee, Mr. Atul

Bheda was present at the last AGM.

h)

The quorum was present in all the Audit

Committee Meeting held during the FY 2021-22

i)

In order to get the inputs and opinions of

the Statutory Auditors, the Committee also

held four separate one-to-one meetings

on April 29, 2021, July 22, 2021, October 21,

2021 and January 21, 2022 with the Statutory

Auditors

without

the

presence

of

the

management representatives.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

127

126

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer is a permanent invitee to all Nomination & Remuneration

Committee meetings. The Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the Committee.

e.

The quorum was met in all the Nomination & Remuneration Committee Meeting held during the FY 2021-22.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

131

130

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO and Chairman,

Committees of the Board and the Board as a whole.

The framework is monitored, reviewed and updated

by the Board as and when required, in consultation

with the Nomination & Remuneration Committee

(NRC), based on need and new compliance

requirements, if any.

The existing Board of the Bank has been constituted

in accordance with the YBL Reconstruction Scheme,

pursuant to which, till the time an alternate Board

is reconstituted by the Bank in accordance with the

procedure laid down in its Memorandum and Articles

of Association of the Bank, the Board shall continue

irrespective of any breaches of the aforesaid

provisions. Accordingly, the present Board is not

subject to comply with the stipulated procedure of

Performance Evaluation for FY 2021-22.

However, as a matter of good governance, the

Board Performance Evaluation for the FY 2021-22

was carried out as per below process:

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

133

132

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO and the Chairman and

made necessary recommendations to the Board.

• The

Board

basis

the

self-assessment

on

the performance of each of the Board level

Committees, submitted by the Chairman of

each of the Committees and report and rating

of individual Directors on the Peer Review,

Performance

Evaluation

of

the

Managing

Director & CEO and the Chairman and the rating

of individual Directors on the performance of the

Board as a whole and basis recommendation of

NRC, took appropriate steps including providing

necessary feedback to the concerned directors

by the Chairman of NRC.

It may be noted that as per RBI: letter dated August

24, 2020. Additional Directors appointed by RBI i.e.

Mr. Rama Subramaniam Gandhi and Mr. Ananth

Narayan

Gopalakrishnan

are

not

subject

to

performance evaluation.

Further, Mr. Ravindra Pandey and Mr. Vadalur

Subramanian Radhakrishnan, the 2 (two) Nominee

Directors appointed by the State Bank of India had

opted out from the said process.

3.b.5 Remuneration of Directors:

(a) Remuneration Policy:

The Bank has formulated and adopted a

Remuneration Policy for its Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel, Senior Management,

Managing Director

& Chief Executive Officer)

March 26, 2020

N.A.

Notes:

a. Mr. Atul Malik was appointed as member and Chairman w.e.f. September 13, 2021 and Mr. Sunil Mehta ceased to be Chairman but

continued as Member w.e.f. the said date.

b. The Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the Committee.

c. The quorum was present in all the Meetings of Risk Management Committee held during the FY 2021-22.

d. As per RBI Notfication No. RBI/2021-22/24 DOR.GOV.REC.8/29.67.001/2021-22 dated April 26, 2021 on Corporate Governance in

Banks - Appointment of Directors and Constitution of Committees of the Board, the chair of the Risk Management Committee does

not hold chairmanship in other Committees of the Bank

3.e.2 Terms of Reference:

The terms of reference of the Risk Management Committee includes the following:

1)

Integrate risk management into the Bank’s goals and compensation structure;

2)

Review and approve the changes in Risk and Compliance Culture Policy and oversight on fostering the Risk

culture in the Bank;

3)

Assess that the Risk universe (internal as well as external) for the Bank has been adequately identified.

Monitor risk profile of the Bank [including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, IRRBB, operational risk,

model risk, reputation risk, information /cyber security related risk, attrition risk, financial risk, sustainability

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

139

138

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

& Chief Executive Officer)

March 26, 2020

N.A.

3.g.2 Terms of Reference:

The broad terms of reference of the Board Credit

Committee include the following:

1)

To approve / review credit proposals that

are beyond the approval authority of the

Management Credit Committee (MCC);

2)

To approve any other aspects of credit proposals;

3)

To approve Investment proposals beyond

limits / thresholds delegated to Asset Liability

Management Committee (ALCO);

4)

To approve resolution plans and any other

matters for stressed assets that are beyond

the approval authority of the Stressed Asset

Management Committee (SAMC), including but

not limited to proposals for settlement of debt;

5)

To review specific cases that might need special

attention as and when recommended by MCC /

ALCO/SAMC;

6)

To approve/review aspects and proposals

that are specifically delegated to the Board

Credit Committee by the Board or as also

recommended by RBI from time to time:

a.

Loans and advances, aggregating ` 25

lakh and above to the ‘relatives’ of the

Bank’s

Chairman/

Managing

Director

or to Directors of other banks and their

relatives or any firm in which any of such

‘relatives’ is interested as a partner or

guarantor or any company in which such

‘relatives’ hold substantial interest as a

director or guarantor. In case where any

Bank’s Director is an interested person

or has any conflict of interest, then he/

she may recuse themselves from the

decision making and remaining directors

may accordingly discuss the proposal. In

absence of quorum, the proposal may be

referred to the Board for approval. All such

sanctioned proposals would be reported

to the Board on a quarterly basis;

b.

Financing acquisition of shares in an

existing company, which is engaged

in

implementing

or

operating

an

infrastructure project in India adhering to

specific conditions pertaining to extent of

financing, security of shares to be obtained

and tenor;

c.

Exception approval of additional 5% of the

Bank’s eligible capital base (over and above

limit of 20% of the Bank’s eligible capital

base) for Single Counterparty Limit. Such

exceptions will be reported to the Board;

d.

Approval for sale of stressed financial

assets, either basis list identified by the Bank

at the beginning of year as recommended

by Stressed Asset Management Committee

(SAMC), or basis periodic review (on a semi-

annual basis) of all NPAs above a threshold

of ` 25 Cr, or for sale of a stressed asset

outside of these lists.

7)

To

approve/review

credit

proposals/

transactions entered between the Bank as

a holding company and its wholly owned

subsidiary; also to approve/review credit

proposals where the terms & conditions of such

transactions with group entities are inconsistent

with the terms & conditions/benchmarks/

credit standards for similarly rated non-group

entities, subject to sufficient justification;

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

143

142

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer)

March 26, 2020

N.A.

Mr. Ravindra Pandey

Member

Nominee Director of State Bank of India November 12, 2020

N.A.

Mr. Atul Malik

Member

Non-Executive Director

September 13, 2021

N.A.

Notes:

a. Ms. Rekha Murthy was appointed as member and Chairperson w.e.f. September 13, 2021 and Mr. Mahesh Krishnamurti ceased to

be Chairman w.e.f. the said date, however he continued to be a Member of the said Committee.

b. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the Committee.

3.h.2 Terms of Reference:

The broad terms of reference of the IT Strategy Committee includes the following:

1)

To perform oversight functions over the IT Steering Committee (at a senior management level);

2)

To investigate activities within this scope;

3)

To seek information from any employee;

4)

To obtain outside legal or professional advice;

5)

To secure attendance of outsiders with relevant

expertise, if it considers necessary;

6)

To work in partnership with other Board

committees

and

Senior

Management

to

provide input, review and amend the aligned

corporate and IT strategies;

7)

To approve IT strategy and policy documents;

8)

To review that the management has put an

effective strategic planning process in place;

9)

To ratify the IT strategy in alignment with the

business strategy;

10) To provide guidance on the IT organisational

structure to complements the business model;

11) To review whether the management has

implemented processes and practices that

ensure that the IT delivers value to the business;

12) To review that IT & Security tools investments

& budgets represent a balance of risks and

benefit and that budgets are acceptable;

13) To monitor the method that management

uses to determine the IT resources needed to

achieve strategic goals and provide high-level

direction for sourcing and use of IT resources;

14) To review whether there is a proper balance of

IT investments for sustaining bank’s growth;

15) To become aware about exposure towards IT

risks and controls and evaluating effectiveness

of management’s monitoring of IT risks;

16) To assess Senior Management’s performance

in implementing IT strategies;

17) To issue high-level policy guidance (e.g. related

to risk, funding, or sourcing tasks);

18) To confirm whether IT or business architecture

is to be designed, so as to derive the maximum

business value from IT;

19) To oversee the aggregate funding of IT at a bank-

level, and ascertaining if the management has

resources to ensure the proper management

of IT risks;

20) To review IT performance measurement and

contribution of IT to businesses (i.e., delivering

the promised value);

21) To approve the Cyber Security Policy and Cyber

Crisis Management Plan;

22) To be aware of the global cyber security

threat landscape and provide guidance on its

applicability to the Bank;

23) To review the implementation of cyber security

tools and processes in line with the approved

policies and regulatory directives;

24) To perform any other functions or duties as

stipulated by the Companies Act, Reserve Bank

of India, Securities and Exchange Board of India,

Stock Exchanges and any other regulatory

authority or under any applicable laws as may

be prescribed from time to time;

25) Annual

Review

of

Prepaid

Instruments

Security Policy;

26) Uptime Threshold for the ATMs;

27) Digital Channels & Payment Products – Key

Achievements & Metrics for Financial Year;

28) Disaster Recovery Readiness;

29) Central Data and analytics advisory/updates by

CDAG team.

3.h.3 Meetings & Attendance:

During FY 2021-22, Five meetings of the IT Strategy

Committee were held on May 12, 2021, July 15,

2021, September 09, 2021, November 11, 2021

and February 09, 2022. The participation of the

Members at the Meetings of the Committee held

during the year is as under:

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

145

144

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer)

March 26, 2020

N.A.

Mr. Atul Bheda

Member

Non-Executive Director

March 26, 2020

N.A.

Mr. Vadalur Subramanian

Radhakrishnan

Member

Nominee Director of State Bank of India

August 07, 2020

N.A.

Mr. Mahesh Krishnamurti

Member

Non-Executive Director

November 12, 2020

September 13, 2021

Mr. Ravindra Pandey

Member

Nominee Director of State Bank of India

November 12, 2020

N.A.

Mr. Atul Malik

Member

Non-Executive Director

September 13, 2021

November 23, 2021

Mr. Sharad Sharma

Member

Non-Executive Director

November 23, 2021

N.A.

Note:

a.

The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the Committee.

3.i.2 Terms of Reference:

The terms of reference of the Fraud, Willful Defaulters and Non-Cooperative Borrowers Monitoring Committee

includes the following:

1)

To monitor and review in detail all frauds, involving an amount of ` 1 Crore and above so as to:

a)

Identify the systematic lacunae, if any, that facilitate perpetration of the fraud and put in place

measures to plug the same;

b)

Identify reasons for delay in detection and reporting of frauds to top management of the Bank and the

Reserve Bank of India/SFIO, etc.;

c)

Monitor progress of the investigations by Police/Central Bureau of Investigation/ Economic Offences

Wing or any other similar organisation in respect of the cases and recovery position thereof;

d)

Ensure that staff accountability is examined at all levels in the cases of frauds and action against staff,

if required, is completed quickly, with minimum loss of time;

e)

Review the efficacy of the remedial action taken to prevent recurrence of frauds, such as strengthening

of internal control environment;

2)

To review update on Forensic Audit of ‘Red

Flagged Accounts’ (RFAs), Non-Performing

Assets

(NPAs)

and

Suspected

Fraud

(SF) Accounts;

3)

To review electronic banking frauds;

4)

To review and confirm the order of the

Committee for Classification of borrowers

as “Non-Cooperative Borrowers” or “Wilful

Defaulter”;

5)

To review the status of “Non-Cooperative

Borrowers” or “Wilful Defaulters” at least on

half yearly or at such other intervals as may be

required by RBI;

6)

To decide on removal of the names from the

list of “Non-Cooperative Borrowers” or “Wilful

Defaulters” as reported to Central Repository

of Information of Large Credits (CRILC);

7)

To review, note and decide on any matter

pertaining to “Non-Cooperative Borrowers” or

“Wilful Defaulters”.

8)

To

review/

consider

publication

of

the

photographs

of

borrowers,

including

proprietors/ partners/directors/ guarantors

of borrower firms/ companies, who have

been declared as willful defaulters and Non-

cooperative borrowers; and

9)

To perform any other act, duties as stipulated

by the Companies Act, Reserve Bank of India,

Securities & Exchange Board of India, Stock

Exchanges, and any other regulatory authority,

as prescribed from time to time;

10) Noting of the minutes of Executive Committee

for Classification of Willful Defaulter & Non-

Cooperative Borrowers.

3.i.3 Meeting and attendance:

During FY 2021-22, Six Meetings of Fraud, Willful

Defaulters

and

Non-Cooperative

Borrowers

Monitoring Committee were held on April 16, 2021,

July 15, 2021, September 21, 2021, October 14,

2021, January 13, 2022 and March 08, 2022. The

participation of the Members at the Meetings of the

Committee held during the year is as under:

Name of Member

No. of Meetings during the year

Held

Eligible to

attend@

Attended

Mr. Prashant Kumar

6

6

6

Mr. Atul Bheda

6

6

6

Mr. Vadalur Subramanian

Radhakrishnan

6

6

3

Mr. Mahesh Krishnamurti

6

2

2

Mr. Ravindra Pandey

6

6

1

Mr. Atul Malik

6

2

2

Mr. Sharad Sharma

6

2

2

@ Number of meetings held during the tenure of the Director

as a member/Chairman of the Committee.

j)

Capital Raising Committee:

3.j.1 Constitution & Composition:

The constitution and composition of the Capital Raising Committee during the year was as under:

Name of Member

Position

Category

Date of Appointment

Date of Cessation

Mr. Sunil Mehta

Chairman

Non-Executive Director

March 26, 2020

N.A.

Mr. Mahesh Krishnamurti

Member

Non-Executive Director

March 26, 2020

N.A.

Mr. Atul Bheda

Member

Non-Executive Director

March 26, 2020

September 13, 2021

Mr. Prashant Kumar

Member

Executive Director (Managing

Director & Chief Executive

Officer)

March 26, 2020

N.A.

Mr. Vadalur Subramanian

Radhakrishnan

Member

Nominee Director of

State Bank of India

September 13, 2021

N.A.

Mr. Ravindra Pandey

Member

Nominee Director of

State Bank of India

November 12, 2020

September 13, 2021

Mr. Atul Malik

Member

Non-Executive Director

September 13, 2021

N.A.

Note:

a. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the Committee.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

147

146

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director or the Chief Executive

Officer: The Bank has separate persons to

the post of the Chairperson and the Managing

Director and CEO. Further, the Chairperson of

the Bank is Non-Executive Director and not

related to the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO / CFO Certification:

The: Managing

letter to KFIN Technologies Limited (Formerly known

as KFin Technologies Private Limited) mentioning

the relevant Folio number(s)/ DP ID and Client ID,

with updated Bank account details enabling Bank

to remit the unclaimed dividend via electronic bank

transfer. The details of unpaid/unclaimed dividends

are available on the website of the Bank at https://

www.yesbank.in/about-us/investors-relation/

shareholder-information/ir-regulations.

Transfer of ‘Underlying Shares’ in respect of

which Dividend has not been claimed for seven

consecutive years or more, to the IEPF:

In terms of Section 124 (6) of the Companies Act,

2013 read with Investor Education and Protection

Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and

Refund) Rules, 2016 (‘IEPF Rules’), as amended from

time to time, members are requested to note that

the shares in respect of which dividends have been

unpaid or unclaimed for seven consecutive years or

more shall be credited to the IEPF Demat Account

maintained with Depositories. Upon transfer of

such shares, all benefits (e.g. bonus, spilt etc.), if any,

accruing on such shares shall also be credited to the

IEPF Demat Account and the voting rights on such

shares shall remain frozen till the rightful owner

claims the shares.

In this connection, the Bank had sent intimation: letter(s) to members in respect of the shares on

which dividend had remained unpaid or unclaimed

for seven consecutive years or more, requesting

them to claim such dividend so as to avoid the

corresponding shares being transferred to the

IEPF Authority. Simultaneously, an advertisement

to this effect was published in leading English and

Vernacular newspapers.

In compliance with the IEPF Rules, in September

2021, the Bank transferred 27,588 equity shares of

` 2/- each corresponding to the unclaimed dividend

for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2014 to IEPF.

The aforesaid Rules also prescribe the procedure to

be followed by a shareholder to claim the Shares /

Dividend amount transferred to IEPF. Shares which

are transferred to the IEPF Demat Account can be

claimed back by the shareholder from IEPF Authority

by following the procedure prescribed under the

aforesaid Rules.

The information pertaining to unpaid / unclaimed

dividends for last seven years and the details of such

members whose unclaimed dividend / shares have

been transferred to IEPF Authority is also available

on the Bank’s website at https://www.yesbank.

in/about-us/investors-relation/shareholder-

information/ir-regulations.

Intimation to the Investors for claiming of

Dividends:

During the year under review the Bank has

undertaken the following initiatives to reduce the

quantum of unpaid/unclaimed dividend:

• annual reminders to the concerned shareholders

to claim dividend; and

• direct credit of unpaid/unclaimed dividend to

those shareholders’ accounts, who have updated

their bank account details with the Bank/

Depository Participant.

Procedure to claim Unclaimed Dividends/Shares:

The Shareholders whose dividend/shares have been

transferred to IEPF can claim the dividend and/or

shares after following the procedure prescribed by

the MCA which is available on the website of IEPF at

http://www.iepf.gov.in/IEPF/refund.html.

The Bank on receipt of the complete set of prescribed

documents shall submit its e-verification report to

the IEPF Authority within the timeline prescribed

under the IEPF Rules. Upon submission of the

e-verification report by the Bank, the corresponding

action shall solely be at the discretion of the

IEPF Authority.

(h) Queries at Annual General Meeting:

Shareholders who wish to ask questions/express

their views on the items of the businesses to be

transacted at the meeting are requested to write

to the Bank’s investor e-mail-id: AGM@yesbank.in

with regard to the accounts at least 48 hours before

the time fixed for the AGM mentioning their name,

demat account number/folio number, e-mail ID,

mobile number etc. The queries may be raised

precisely and in brief to enable the Bank to answer

the same suitably depending on the availability of

time at the AGM.

(i)

Details of utilisation of funds:

During the FY 2021-22 no funds were raised by

way of a FPO, rights issue, preferential issue,

qualified institutions placement, private placement

or a combination thereof or issuance of GDRs,

ADRs,

FCCBs,

fully

convertible

debentures/

partly convertible debentures/ non-convertible

debentures with warrants, with a right exercisable

by the warrant holder(s) to exchange the said

warrants with Equity Shares/any other securities

(other than warrants), which are convertible into

or exchangeable with equity shares, whether

rupee denominated or denominated in foreign

currency (hereinafter collectively referred to as the

“Securities”) or any combination of Securities.

(j)

Policies of the Bank:

As a part of good Corporate Governance, the Bank

has from time to time adopted various policies/

codes which are hosted on the website of the Bank

at

https://www.yesbank.in/about-us/corporate-

governance.

6.

GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS INFORMATION:

(a) Date, time & venue of the Annual General

Meeting:

The date, time and venue of the 18th Annual General

Meeting of the Bank is as under:

Date: 15/07/2022 Time: 10.30 a.m.

Venue: Through Video Conferencing (VC)/Other

Audio Visual Means (OAVM) the deemed venue of

the meeting is the Registered Office of the Bank

situated at YES BANK House, Off Western Express

Highway, Santacruz East, Mumbai – 400 055,

Maharashtra, India.

(b) Financial Year:

The Financial Year of the Bank starts on April 01 and

ends on March 31 of next year.

(c) Cut-off Date:

The Cut Off Date for determining shareholders

who will be entitled to vote electronically on the

resolutions mentioned in the Notice convening the

Annual General Meeting by remote e-Voting and

also vote on AGM date at the appointed time is

mentioned in the AGM Notice.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

161

160

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director & CEO

and the Company Secretary.

The Bank’s shares are traded under compulsory

dematerialised mode. A half-yearly certificate of

compliance with the share transfer formalities

as required under Regulation 40(9) of the SEBI

LODR is obtained from the Company Secretary in

Practice and a copy of the certificate is filed with the

Stock Exchanges.

Updation of Permanent Account Number (PAN)

and Bank Details:

The Bank had sent individual letters to all the

Members holding shares of the Bank in physical form

for furnishing their PAN, KYC details and Nomination

pursuant to the SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/

CIR/2021/655, November 03, 2021 and SEBI/HO/

MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/687,

December

14, 2021. The aforesaid communication is available

on the website of the Bank. Attention of the Members

holding shares of the Bank in physical form is invited

to go through the said important communication

under the web link at https: https://www.yesbank.

in/pdf?name=normsforprocessinginvestorservice_

pdf.pdf.

Members may please note that SEBI vide its

Circular No. SEBI/ HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/

CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022 has mandated

the Listed Companies to issue securities in demat

form only while processing service requests viz.

Issue of duplicate securities certificate, claim from

Unclaimed Suspense Account; Renewal/ Exchange

of securities certificate; Endorsement; Sub-division/

Splitting of securities certificate; Consolidation

of

securities

certificates/folios;

Transmission

and

Transposition.

Accordingly,

Shareholders

are requested to make service requests by

submitting a duly filled and signed Form ISR – 4,

the format of which is available on the Company’s

website under the link at https://www.yesbank.in/

pdf?name=normsforprocessinginvestorservice_

pdf.pdf Members holding equity shares of the

Company in physical form are requested to kindly get

their equity shares converted into demat/ electronic

form to get inherent benefits of dematerialisation

and also considering that physical transfer of equity

shares/ issuance of equity shares in physical form

have been disallowed by SEBI.

Nomination facility for shareholding:

As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Companies

Act, 2013 facility for making nomination is available

for the members in respect of shares held by them.

Members holding shares in physical form may obtain

a nomination form (Form SH-13), from the Bank’s RTA

or download the same from the Company’s website

through the weblink at https://www.yesbank.in/

pdf?name=normsforprocessinginvestorservice_

pdf.pdf. Members holding shares in dematerialised

form should contact their Depository Participants

(DP) in this regard.

Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit:

Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit, as mandated

by SEBI, has been carried out by Company Secretary

in Practice on quarterly basis, and reports on the

reconciliation of total issued and listed capital

with that of total share capital admitted/ held in

dematerialised form with NSDL and CDSL and those

held in physical form.

The Report in this regard has been duly submitted

to Stock Exchanges viz., National Stock Exchange of

India Limited and BSE Limited on a quarterly basis

and being placed before the Board of Directors of

the Bank for its review.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

165

164

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 07562475)

Sunil Mehta

Chairman

(DIN: 00065343)

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

167

166

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 07562475)

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 06, 2022

COMPLIANCE WITH CODE OF CONDUCT AND ETHICS

CEO / CFO CERTIFICATION

We, Prashant Kumar,: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

b) Details of the BR head

S.

No.

Particulars

Details

1.

DIN Number (if applicable)

N/A

2.

Name

Niranjan Banodkar

3.

Designation

Chief Financial Officer

4.

Telephone number

+91-22-65077147

5.

e-mail id

responsible.banking@yesbank.in

2. Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies (Reply in Y/N)

S.

No.

Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

1.

Do you have a policy/policies for....

Y

Y

Y

Y5

Y

Y

Y

Y9

Y1

2.

Has the policy being formulated in consultation with the relevant

stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

3.

Does the policy conform to any national /international standards? If

yes, specify? (50 words)

Y*

Y*

Y*

Y*

Y*

Y*

Y*

Y*

Y*

4.

Has the policy being approved by the Board?

If yes, has it been signed by MD/owner/CEO/appropriate Board

Director?

Y

Y

Y

Y

N

Y

Y

Y

Y

5.

Does the Company have a specified committee of the Board/

Director/Official to oversee the implementation of the policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

6.

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online?

Y1

Y3

N4

Y5

Y7

Y7

Y8

Y5

Y1

7.

Has the policy been formally communicated to all relevant internal

and external stakeholders?

Y1

Y3

Y4

Y

Y2

Y

Y

Y

Y

8.

Does the Company have in-house structure to implement the

policy/policies.

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

9.

Does the Company have a grievance redressal mechanism related

to the policy/policies to address stakeholders’ grievances related to

the policy/policies?

Y1

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

10.

Has the Company carried out independent audit/evaluation of the

working of this policy by an internal or external agency?

N2

Y2

Y

Y

Y2

Y2

Y2

Y

Y2

* All policies of the Bank have been developed as a result of detailed consultations & research on best practices adopted by banks

and organisations, in line with national and international industry norms, and as per the requirements of the Bank.

1.

The Code of Conduct for employees and certain policies, including the Citizen’s Charter, Charter of

Customer Rights, Grievance Redressal and Banking Practice Code are available on the website at https://

www.yesbank.in/regulatory_policies

2.

Yes, for certain policies and procedures

3.

The Bank has in place an Environment & Social Policy, which integrates environmental and social risks into its

overall credit risk assessment framework. The Summary of the Policy is available at https://www.yesbank.in/

pdf?name=ybl_esp_summary_pdf.pdf. The Bank has an Environmental Management Policy which focuses

on achieving greater environmental sustainability within the Bank’s operations. The Policy is accessible at

https://www.yesbank.in/pdf?name=yes_bank_environmental_management_policy_summary_pdf.pdf.

4.

Employee focused policies are accessible only by employees and are not shared in the public domain. The

bank’s Human Capital Management practices and activities can be accessed at https://www.yesbank.in/

work-with-us.

5.

YES BANK views the unbanked and under-banked population in rural and urban India as a primary

stakeholder for financial inclusion. Through its products and services focused at the Base of the Pyramid,

the Bank aims to positively impact this marginalised and disadvantaged stakeholder group. The Bank has

policies in place, and adheres to regulatory guidelines, to drive its business practices. The Bank as a Code

of Commitment to the MSME Sector, accessible at https://www.yesbank.in/footer/regulatory-policies/

banking-practice-code.

6.

The Bank has several policies and guidelines in place for ensuring all stakeholder rights and the regulatory

laws are adhered to in its operations. Through its policies on environmental and social risk assessment,

the Bank ensures compliance of all pertinent regulations in its lending portfolio as well. Similarly, the Bank

ensures that all regulations are adhered to in its CSR activities.

Business Responsibility Report (BRR)

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

173

172

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO which

reviews the Bank’s BR performance. The Council meets once in 6 months.

Board Level

The Sustainability Council is overseen by the Corporate Social Responsibility and Environment, Social and

Governance Committee (CSR & ESGC) of the Board, which meets at least twice in a year.

b)

Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability Report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this

report? How frequently it is published?

YES BANK publishes its Sustainability Disclosures aligned to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards,

UN Principles for Responsible Banking and Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures in its annual

Sustainability Reports which can be accessed at https:// https://www.yesbank.in/about-us/sustainability-

at-yes-bank/esg-disclosures/sustainability-reports

SECTION E: PRINCIPLE-WISE PERFORMANCE

Principle 1

1.

Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and

corruption cover only the Company? Yes/ No.

Does it extend to the Group/Joint Ventures/

Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs /Others?

The Bank is committed towards conducting

business and dealing with all its stakeholders, with

highest ethical standards and in compliance with

all applicable laws and regulations. All employees

of the Bank are expected to abide by the Bank’s

Employee Code of Conduct.

The Bank has implemented a group-wide Anti-

Bribery and Anti-Corruption policy which defines

and prohibits bribery/ corruption of any kind

(including facilitation payments) and outlines the

corruption control and reporting mechanisms.

The

Anti-Bribery

and

Anti-Corruption

Policy

is implemented to all the agents, associates,

consultants, advisors, contractors, sub-contractors,

suppliers of goods and/or services, representatives

or intermediaries engaged by the Bank. These

entities shall also be required to follow the Policy

while carrying on their assignments with the Bank.

Further, the Bank shall in all respects be within

its rights to inspect the books of account and

other documents of all such agents, associates,

consultants, advisors, contractors, sub-contractors,

suppliers of goods and/or services, representatives

or intermediaries, as part of an investigation in

alleged/identified case(s) of corruption/bribery.

2.

How many stakeholder complaints have been

received in the past financial year and what

percentage was satisfactorily resolved by the

management? If so, provide details thereof, in

about 50 words or so.

The Bank received 9 corruption-related complaints

during the period between April 01, 2021 to March 31,

2022, of which 6 complaints are under investigation.

The Bank received 18 whistle-blower cases during

FY 2021-22, of which 44.4% cases were resolved as

on March 31, 2022.

Principle 2

1.

List up to three of your products or services whose

design has incorporated social or environmental

concerns, risks and/or opportunities.

i.

Inclusive and Social Banking – YES LEAP,

YES Joint Liability Group, Micro Individual

Business Loan, Micro Insurance, Hospital Cash

Insurance, Asset & Liability services through

BC Managed Banking Outlets (BCBOs), digital

interventions include onboarding of customers

through M-Keys, digital field reporting in

Microsoft Kaizala, digital training modules,

semi-automated loan management system

(Ganaseva), cashless disbursements

ii.

Digital Banking – YES MONEY, YES PAY, Transit

& Toll Collection, Aadhar Enabled Payment

Scheme (AEPS), Micro ATMs, Yuva Pay solution

iii. Corporate

&

Government

Advisory

–

Leveraging its expertise in the e-mobility

sector, the unit is working closely with several

state governments in policy development,

implementation,

project

structuring

and

investment

promotion.

The

team

has

supported several States such as Punjab,

Rajasthan, Telangana, Chandigarh and Goa for

the development of the state’s EV Policy. CGA

has leveraged its strong ecosystem connects

to support various Government schemes such

as the Ministry of Electronics & Information

Technology

(MeitY)

R&D

programme

on

development of Electric Vehicle Systems. CGA

is actively supporting the private sector in

their growth and expansion plans through

customised

studies,

facilitating

strategic

partnerships, scheme advisory assistance and

industry intelligence. CGA also works closely

with municipal administration and urban

authorities to develop smart city ecosystem

through

advisory

and

implementation

support for technological solutions and digital

banking products

iv. Sustainable Investment Banking and Infra

Product & Loan Syndication – Lending and

advisory in clean energy

Business Responsibility Report (BRR)

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

175

174

STATUTORY REPORTS

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman

Director

Membership No. 105525

(DIN: 07562475)

(DIN: 00065343)

(DIN: 03502424)

For Chokshi & Chokshi LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No. 101872W/W100045

Vineet Saxena

Mahesh Krishnamurti

Niranjan Banodkar

Shivanand R. Shettigar

Partner

Director

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 100770

(DIN: 02205868)

Mumbai

April 30, 2022

(` in thousands)

Schedule For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

I.

INCOME

Interest earned

13

190,235,113

200,418,353

Other income

14

32,624,693

30,116,944

TOTAL

222,859,806

230,535,297

II. EXPENDITURE

Interest expended

15

125,256,577

126,132,337

Operating expenses

16

68,443,940

57,920,152

Provisions and contingencies (Refer note 17.5.11)

18,497,165

81,105,072

TOTAL

212,197,682

265,157,561

III. PROFIT / (LOSS)

Net profit/(loss) for the year

10,662,124

(34,622,264)

Profit/(loss) brought forward

(108,719,603)

(68,973,880)

TOTAL

(98,057,479)

(103,596,144)

IV. APPROPRIATIONS

Transfer to Statutory Reserve

2,665,531

-

Transfer to Capital Reserve

108,307

4,969,760

Transfer to Investment Reserve

34,300

153,699

Transfer to Investment Fluctuation Reserve

1,347,886

-

Transfer to Revenue and other Reserves (Refer note 17.5.8)

4,752,161

-

Dividend paid

-

-

Balance carried over to balance sheet

(106,965,664)

(108,719,603)

TOTAL

(98,057,479)

(103,596,144)

Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Accounts forming part of financial

statements

17

Earning per share (Refer Sch. 17.5.42)

Basic (`)

0.43

(1.63)

Diluted (`)

0.43

(1.63)

(Face Value of Equity Share is `2/-)

The Schedules referred to above form an integral part of the Standalone Profit and Loss Account

The Profit and Loss Account has been prepared in conformity with Form B of the Third Schedule to the Banking

Regulation Act, 1949.

As per our report of even date attached.

For M P Chitale & Co.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Chartered Accountants

YES BANK Limited

Firm's Registration No. 101851W

Anagha Thatte

Prashant Kumar

Sunil Mehta

Atul Bheda

Partner: Managing Director & CEO

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman

Director

Membership No. 105525

(DIN: 07562475)

(DIN: 00065343)

(DIN: 03502424)

For Chokshi & Chokshi LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No. 101872W/W100045

Vineet Saxena

Mahesh Krishnamurti

Niranjan Banodkar

Shivanand R. Shettigar

Partner

Director

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 100770

(DIN: 02205868)

Mumbai

April 30, 2022

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

195

194

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated July 23, 2021 had sought

explanation in detail of the circumstances which led to the shortfall. The

Bank had submitted its response to the RBI vide email dated July 28, 2021

providing explanation leading to the shortfall and requested RBI to condone

the error.

Subsequently, RBI vide: letter dated August 02, 2021 had imposed a penalty

of ` 5,00,000 on this matter. The penalty has been paid by the Bank on

August 4, 2021.

5,00,000

2.

November

30, 2021 and

December 13,

2021

Irregularities

observed in

the soiled note

remittance

received from

Currency Chest

RBI has imposed a penalty of `550/- on November 30, 2021 and a penalty

of `200/- on December 13, 2021 on account of irregularities observed in the

soiled note remittance received from Yes Bank, Chembur Currency Chest.

The same was informed to the Bank vide emails dated December 01, 2021

and December 13, 2021 respectively.

750

3.

February 22,

2022

Irregularities

observed in

the soiled note

remittance

RBI vide email dated February 23, 2022 has informed that a penalty of

`500 has been levied on February 22, 2022 on account of the irregularities

observed in the soiled note remittance received on November 26, 2021

from Yes Bank Chembur Currency Chest.

500

During the financial year ended March 31, 2021, there were no penalties imposed on the Bank by RBI.

17.5.45 Fees/Remuneration received from Bancassurance

Bank has earned `1,785.54 million from bancassurance business during year ended March 31, 2022 (previous year:

`1,301.96 million). The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the break-up of income derived from

bancassurance business:

(` in million)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

Income from selling life insurance policies

1,464.65

1,146.70

Income from selling non-life insurance policies

320.90

155.26

TOTAL

1,785.54

1,301.96

17.5.46 Overseas Assets, NPAs and Revenue

The below table shows total assets, NPAs and revenue for the overseas branch (IBU) of the Bank.

(` in million)

Particulars

Year ended

March 31, 2022

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Total assets

153,159.65

130,299.26

Total NPAs

10,710.36

10,331.29

Total revenue

3,725.25

4,985.72

17.5.47 Repatriation of profits

The Bank has not repatriated any profit from overseas branch during the FY 2021-22 and FY 2020-21.

17.5.48 Sponsored SPVs

The Bank has not sponsored any SPV and hence there is no consolidation due to SPVs in Bank’s books.

17.5.49 Credit default swaps

The Bank has not transacted in credit default swaps during the year ended March 31, 2022 (Previous year: ‘Nil’).

17.5.50 Credit/Debit card reward points

Provision for credit card and debit card reward points for the year ended March 31, 2022

(` in million)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

Opening provision

451.99

342.86

Provision made during the year

235.27

144.35

Utilised/Write-back of provision

(157.81)

(35.22)

Closing provision

529.45

451.99

The valuation of credit card and debit card reward points is based on actuarial valuation method obtained from an

independent actuary.

17.5.51 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

a)

Amount required to be spent by the Bank on CSR during the year was ‘Nil’ (Previous year: ` ‘Nil’).

Amount spent towards CSR during the year and recognised as expense in the Profit and Loss account on CSR

related activities is ‘Nil’ (Previous year: ` ‘Nil’)

17.5.52 Staff retirement benefits

The following table sets out the funded status of the Gratuity Plan and the amounts recognised in the Bank’s financial

statements as of March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 which is as per AS-15 Employee Benefits (Revised):

a)

Changes in present value of Obligations:

(` in million)

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

Present Value of Obligation at the beginning of the year

1,649.44

1,553.76

Interest Cost

98.90

93.16

Current Service Cost

289.17

303.68

Past Service Cost

-

-

Benefits Paid

(261.67)

(164.10)

Actuarial (gain)/loss on Obligation

(99.70)

(137.06)

Present Value of Obligation at the end of the year

1,676.14

1,649.44

b)

Changes in the fair value of plan assets:

(` in million)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year

1,454.95

1,215.46

Adjustment to Opening Balance

-

-

Expected return on plan assets

87.24

72.88

Contributions

-

300.50

Benefits paid

(261.67)

(164.10)

Actuarial gain/( loss) on plan assets

34.28

30.21

Fair value of plan assets at the end of the period

1,314.80

1,454.95

The Bank has entire contribution of Gratuity Fund as Investments with Insurance Companies which are invested

primarily in debt instruments as approved by IRDA.

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

241

240

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

for the year ended March 31, 2022

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

for the year ended March 31, 2022

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director & CEO

Investing Company

• Investing party – State Bank of India Limited (SBI)

Key Management Personnel (‘KMP’) (Whole time Director)

• Mr. Prashant Kumar,: Managing

Letter of comfort

The Bank has not issued any: letter of comfort which is not recorded as contingent liability during the year ended

March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021.

17.5.75 Software Capitalised under Fixed Assets

The Bank has capitalised software under Fixed Asset amounting to ` 1,043.53 million and ` 2,022.21 million during

the financial year ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 respectively.

(` in million)

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

At cost at March 31 of preceding year

8,252.88

6,248.33

Additions during the year

1,043.53

2,022.21

Deductions during the year

-

(17.67)

Depreciation to date

(6,856.91)

(5,479.94)

Net block

2,439.50

2,772.93

17.5.76 Provision for Long-Term contracts

The Bank has a process whereby periodically all long-term contracts (including derivative contracts) are assessed for

material foreseeable losses. At the year end, the Bank has reviewed and recorded adequate provision as required

under any law /accounting standards for material foreseeable losses on such long-term contracts (including derivative

contracts) in the books of account and disclosed the same under the relevant notes in the financial statements.

17.5.77 PSLCs sold and purchased during the year ended March 31, 2022

(` in million)

Particulars

2021-22

2020-21

Purchased

Sold

Purchased

Sold

PSLC – Agriculture

-

-

-

-

PSLC – SF/MF

138,265

-

-

-

PSLC – Micro Enterprises

-

-

-

-

PSLC – General

-

-

-

-

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

265

264

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

for the year ended March 31, 2022

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

for the year ended March 31, 2022

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman

Director

Membership No. 105525

(DIN: 07562475)

(DIN: 00065343)

(DIN: 03502424)

For Chokshi & Chokshi LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No. 101872W/W100045

Vineet Saxena

Mahesh Krishnamurti

Niranjan Banodkar

Shivanand R. Shettigar

Partner

Director

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 100770

(DIN: 02205868)

Mumbai

April 30, 2022

266

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

for the year ended March 31, 2022

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

To the Members of

YES BANK Limited

Report on the audit of the consolidated fi nancial

statements

Opinion

We have audited the accompanying consolidated

fi nancial statements of YES BANK Limited (hereinafter

referred to as the ‘Bank’ or ‘Holding Company’) and its

subsidiaries (the Holding Company and its subsidiaries

together referred to as ‘the Group’), which comprise

the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31,

2022, the Consolidated Profi t and Loss Account and

the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the year

then ended, and notes to the consolidated fi nancial

statements, including a summary of the signifi cant

accounting policies and other explanatory information

(hereinafter referred to as the ‘Consolidated Financial

Statements’/’Statements’).

In our opinion and to the best of our information and

according to the explanations given to us, and based

on the consideration of report of the other auditor

on separate fi nancial statements and on the other

fi nancial information of the subsidiaries, the aforesaid

consolidated fi nancial statements give the information

required by the Section 29 of the Banking Regulation

Act, 1949 as well as the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’)

and circulars and guidelines issued by the Reserve

Bank of India, in the manner so required for banking

companies and give a true and fair view in conformity

with the accounting principles generally accepted in

India, including the Accounting Standards prescribed

under Section 133 of the Act, read with rules made

thereunder, of the consolidated state of aff airs of the

Bank as at March 31, 2022, and its consolidated profi t,

and its consolidated cash fl ows for the year ended on

that date.

Basis of opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with the

Standards on Auditing (‘SAs’) specifi ed under Section

143 (10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs

are further described in the ‘Auditor’s Responsibilities

for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements’

section of our report. We are independent of the Group

in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (‘the ICAI’)

together with the ethical requirements that are relevant

to our audit of the consolidated fi nancial statements

under the provisions of the Act, and the Rules thereunder,

and we have fulfi lled our other ethical responsibilities

in accordance with these requirements and the Code

of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have

obtained, is suffi cient and appropriate to provide a basis

for our opinion on the consolidated fi nancial statements.

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our

professional judgement, were of most signifi cance in

the audit of the consolidated fi nancial statements of

the current year. These matters were addressed in

the context of our audit of the consolidated fi nancial

statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion

thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion

on these matters. We have determined the matters

described below to be the key audit matters to be

communicated in our report:

Key Audit Matters

Auditor’s Response

Recognition and Measurement of Deferred Tax Asset

The Bank has recognised a net deferred tax asset of

`918,420 lakh as on March 31, 2022, including net

decrease of ` 36,964 lakhs during the year.

Besides objective estimation, recognition and

measurement of deferred tax asset is based on

the judgement and numerous estimates regarding

the availability and visibility of profi ts in the future

and also considering probable impact of Covid-19

pandemic.

The amount of deferred tax assets recognised

presumes availability and forecasting of profi ts

over an extended period of time thus increasing

uncertainty and the inherent risk of inappropriate

recognition of the said asset.

Our audit procedures involved gaining an understanding of the applicable

tax laws and relevant regulations applicable to the Bank. We performed the

following audit procedures as part of our controls testing:

• evaluation of the policies used for recognition and measurement of

deferred tax assets in accordance with AS 22 Accounting for Taxes on

Income;

• assessed the probability of the availability of future taxable profi ts based

on assumptions and other parameters used by the Management including

the probable impact of Covid-19 pandemic against which the Bank will be

able to use this deferred tax asset in the future with reference to forecast as

noted by the Board of Directors while adopting the consolidated fi nancial

statements.

• assessed the method for determining the Deferred Tax Asset with

reference to applicable tax rates and tested the arithmetical accuracy.

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT

267

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman

Director

Membership No. 105525

(DIN: 07562475)

(DIN: 00065343)

(DIN: 03502424)

For Chokshi & Chokshi LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No. 101872W/W100045

Vineet Saxena

Mahesh Krishnamurti

Niranjan Banodkar

Shivanand R. Shettigar

Partner

Director

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 100770

(DIN: 02205868)

Mumbai

April 30, 2022

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

as at March 31, 2022

( ` in thousands)

Schedule

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

CAPITAL AND LIABILITIES

Capital

1

50,109,906

50,109,812

Reserves and surplus

2

286,879,780

281,273,123

Minority Interest

2A

-

-

Deposits

3

1,970,625,763

1,628,459,313

Borrowings

4

723,401,826

639,490,848

Other liabilities and provisions

5

154,760,078

136,601,325

TOTAL

3,185,777,353

2,735,934,421

ASSETS

Cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India

6

90,672,666

68,127,898

Balances with banks and money at call and short notice

7

376,809,359

225,124,617

Investments

8

517,539,857

431,146,483

Advances

9

1,809,590,101

1,668,048,605

Fixed assets

10

21,410,068

21,583,785

Other assets

11

369,755,302

321,903,033

Goodwill on Consolidation

-

-

TOTAL

3,185,777,353

2,735,934,421

Contingent liabilities

12

6,801,462,379

4,596,422,894

Bills for collection

49,919,078

22,140,477

Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Accounts forming part of financial

statements

17

The Schedules referred to above form an integral part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet

The Balance Sheet has been prepared in conformity with Form A of the Third Schedule to the Banking Regulation

Act, 1949

As per our report of even date attached.

For M P Chitale & Co.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Chartered Accountants

YES BANK Limited

Firm's Registration No. 101851W

Anagha Thatte

Prashant Kumar

Sunil Mehta

Atul Bheda

Partner: Managing Director & CEO

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman

Director

Membership No. 105525

(DIN: 07562475)

(DIN: 00065343)

(DIN: 03502424)

For Chokshi & Chokshi LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No. 101872W/W100045

Vineet Saxena

Mahesh Krishnamurti

Niranjan Banodkar

Shivanand R. Shettigar

Partner

Director

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 100770

(DIN: 02205868)

Mumbai

April 30, 2022

CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT

for the year ended March 31, 2022

(` in thousands)

Year ended

31 March, 2022

Year ended

31 March, 2021

Cash flow from/(used in) Operating Activities

Net profit before taxes

14,336,891

(47,617,752)

Adjustment for:

ESOP Compensation Expense

90,449

-

Depreciation for the year

4,033,317

3,600,318

Amortisation of premium on investments

3,400,038

1,785,855

Impairment/Revaluation on Investments

7,596,484

16,130,913

Provision for standard advances

(251,526)

6,895,356

Provision/write off of non-performing advances

21,157,827

71,158,190

Other provisions

(2,190)

2,904,826

(Profit)/Loss on sale of land, building and other assets

125,884

34,601

(i)

50,487,174

54,892,307

Adjustments for:

Increase/(Decrease) in Deposits

342,166,450

575,347,633

Increase/(Decrease) in Other Liabilities

10,136,805

(28,079,679)

(Increase)/Decrease in Investments

43,738,615

(18,097,194)

(Increase)/Decrease in Advances

(162,699,323)

(37,273,428)

(Increase)/Decrease in Other assets

(46,866,663)

15,181,410

(ii)

186,475,884

507,078,742

Payment of direct taxes

(iii)

(985,611)

(8,013,982)

Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities (A) (i+ii+iii)

235,977,447

553,957,067

Cash flow from/(used in) investing activities

Purchase of fixed assets

(4,102,775)

(2,696,005)

Proceeds from sale of fixed assets

117,290

108,671

(Increase)/Decrease in Held To Maturity (HTM) securities

(141,128,511)

6,511,977

Net cash generated/(used in) from investing activities (B)

(145,113,996)

3,924,643

Cash flow from/(used in) financing activities

Increase in Borrowings

98,039,228

(483,088,553)

Innovative Perpetual Debt (paid)/raised

-

(3,070,000)

Tier II Debt repaid during the year

(14,128,250)

(12,064,000)

Proceeds from issuance of Equity Shares (net of share issue expense)

635

148,802,131

Dividend paid during the year

-

-

Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities (C)

83,911,613

(349,420,422)

Effect of exchange fluctuation on translation reserve (D)

(545,554)

487,649

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C+D)

174,229,510

208,948,937

279

278

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

YES BANK LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter. Further Fee

income in relation to public issues/ other securities

is recognised based on mobilization and intimation

received from clients / intermediaries.

• Interest income, account opening income and other

income is recognized on accrual basis..

• Fee for subscription based services are recognised as

earned on a pro rata basis over the term of the plan.

17.5.2 Investments

Classification and valuation of the Bank’s investments

are carried out in accordance with RBI Circular DOR.

MRG.42/21.04.141/2021-22 dated 1 August 25, 2021.

Accounting and Classification

The Bank follows settlement date accounting for

Investments. In compliance with RBI guidelines, all

investments, are categorized as “Held for trading” (‘HFT’),

“Available for sale” (‘AFS’) or “Held to maturity” (‘HTM’) at

the time of its purchase. For the purpose of disclosure

in the balance sheet, investments are classified as

disclosed in Schedule 8 (‘Investments’) under six groups

(a) government securities (b) other approved securities

(c) shares (d) bonds and debentures (e) subsidiaries and

joint ventures and (f) others.

a)

Cost of acquisition

Costs such as brokerage pertaining to investments,

paid at the time of acquisition and broken period

interest are charged to the profit and loss account

as per the RBI guidelines.

b)

Basis of classification

Securities that are held principally for resale within

90 days from the date of purchase are classified

under the HFT category. Investments that The Bank

intends to hold till maturity are classified under the

HTM category, or as per RBI guidelines. Securities

which are not classified in the above categories are

classified under the AFS category.

c)

Transfer between categories

Reclassification of investments from one category

to the other, if done, is in accordance with RBI

guidelines. Transfer of scrips from AFS / HFT

category to HTM category is made at the lower of

book value or market value. In the case of transfer

of securities from HTM to AFS / HFT category, the

investments held under HTM at a discount are

transferred to AFS / HFT category at the acquisition

price/book value and investments placed in the

HTM category at a premium are transferred to AFS/

HFT at the amortized cost.

291

290

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Investing Company

• Investing party - State Bank of India Limited (SBI)

Key Management Personnel (‘KMP’) (Whole time Director)

• Mr. Prashant Kumar,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman

Director

Membership No. 105525

(DIN: 07562475)

(DIN: 00065343)

(DIN: 03502424)

For Chokshi & Chokshi LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No. 101872W/W100045

Vineet Saxena

Mahesh Krishnamurti

Niranjan Banodkar

Shivanand R. Shettigar

Partner

Director

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 100770

(DIN: 02205868)

Mumbai

April 30, 2022

17.6.18

Investor Education and Protection Fund

The unclaimed dividend amount due to be transferred to

the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) during

the year ended March 31, 2022 and year ended March 31,

2021 has been transferred without any delay.

17.6.19 Disclosure on borrowing and lending activities

The Bank, as part of its normal banking business, grants

loans and advances, makes investments, provides

guarantees to and accept deposits and borrowings

from its customers, other entities and persons. These

transactions are part of the Bank’s normal banking

business and are undertaken in accordance with the

guidelines prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India.

Other than the transactions described above, no funds

have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from

borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources

or kind of funds) by the Bank to or in any other persons

or entities, including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”)

with the understanding, whether recorded in writing

or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall lend or

invest in party other persons or entities identified by

or on behalf of the Bank (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or

provide any guarantee, security or like on behalf of the

Ultimate Beneficiaries.

The Bank has also not received any fund from any

persons or entities, including foreign entities (‘Funding

Party’) with the understanding, whether recorded

in writing or otherwise, that the Bank shall whether,

directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or

entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on

behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or

provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of

the Ultimate Beneficiaries

17.6.20 Description of contingent liabilities

Sr.

No. Contingent Liabilities

Brief

1.

Claims against

the Group not

acknowledged as debts

The Group is a party to various legal and tax proceedings in the normal course of business. The Group

does not expect the outcome of these proceedings to have a material adverse effect on the Group’s

financial conditions, results of operations or cash flows.

2.

Liability on account of

forward exchange and

derivative contracts.

The Group enters into foreign exchange contracts, currency options, forward rate agreements,

currency swaps and interest rate swaps with interbank participants and customers. Forward exchange

contracts are commitments to buy or sell foreign currency at a future date at the contracted rate.

Currency swaps are commitments to exchange cash flows by way of interest/principal in one

currency against another, based on predetermined rates. Interest rate swaps are commitments to

exchange fixed and floating interest rate cash flows. The notional amounts of financial instruments

of such foreign exchange contracts and derivatives provide a basis for comparison with instruments

recognized on the balance sheet but do not necessarily indicate the amounts of future cash flows

involved or the current fair value of the instruments and, therefore, do not indicate the Group’s

exposure to credit or price risks. The derivative instruments become favorable (assets) or unfavorable

(liabilities) as a result of fluctuations in market rates or prices relative to their terms. The aggregate

contractual or notional amount of derivative financial instruments on hand, the extent to which

instruments are favorable or unfavorable and, thus the aggregate fair values of derivative financial

assets and liabilities can fluctuate significantly.

3.

Guarantees given on

behalf of constituents,

acceptances,

endorsements and

other obligations

As a part of its commercial banking activities the Bank issues documentary credit and guarantees on

behalf of its customers. Documentary credits such as letters of credit enhance the credit standing of

the customers of the Bank. Guarantees generally represent irrevocable assurances that the Bank will

make payments in the event of the customer failing to fulfill its financial or performance obligations.

4.

Other items for

which the Group is

contingently liable

Purchase of securities pending settlement, capital commitments, amount deposited with RBI under

Depositor Education Awareness Fund (DEAF), bill re-discounting, Foreign Exchange Contracts (Tom &

Spot), undrawn partial credit enhancement facilities, When Issued (WI) securities

Refer Schedule 12 for amounts relating to contingent liability.

309

308

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OUR INTEGRATED APPROACH

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

