Managing Director/CEO

Deep Yellow Limited

This ASX announcement was authorised for release by Mr John Borshoff, Managing

Director/CEO, for and on behalf of the Board of Deep Yellow Limited.

DYL: ASX & NSX (Namibia)

DYLLF: OTCQX (USA)

For further information contact:

John Borshoff: Managing

Managing Director/CEO *

100-104 Railway Road

Ms Gillian Swaby

Executive Director

Subiaco, Western Australia, 6008

Mr Mervyn Greene

Non-executive Director

Telephone: + 61 8 9286 6999

Mr Justin Reid

Non-executive Director

Email: info@deepyellow.com.au

Mr Christophe Urtel

Non-executive Director

* referred to as: Managing Director throughout this report

COMPANY SECRETARY

POSTAL ADDRESS

Mr Mark Pitts

PO Box 1770

Subiaco Western Australia 6904

STOCK EXCHANGE LISTINGS

AUDITOR

Australian Securities Exchange (ASX)

Code: DYL

Ernst & Young

OTC Markets Group (OTCQX)

Code: DYLLF

11 Mounts Bay Road

Namibian Stock Exchange (NSX)

Code: DYL

Perth Western Australia 6000

WEBSITE ADDRESS

SHARE REGISTRY

www.deepyellow.com.au

Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited

Level 11

172 St George’s Terrace

AUSTRALIAN BUSINESS NUMBER

Perth Western Australia 6000

97 006 391 948

Telephone: 1300 787 272

Facsimile: +61 8 9323 2033

CONTENTS

Summary Information

2

Managing Director in October 2016, the Company has set a new direction

built around a unique, counter-cyclical strategy focused on organic and inorganic growth to deliver a 5-10Mlb, Tier 1 uranium

producer with a low cost, multi-project global uranium platform.

Organic growth will be delivered through exploration and development of the Company’s Namibian project portfolio. Since

2016, exploration success has tripled the resource base at the Reptile Project, at an extremely low discovery cost of 11.5c/lb.

The Company’s “inorganic” growth plan is based on a targeted merger and acquisition program to establish a diversified

portfolio of uranium operations for development from 2023 onwards. Effective execution of this unique strategy requires a

leadership team with a proven track record, extensive industry knowledge and capability to deliver.

Deep Yellow has assembled a standout uranium team that brings strong project development, operational and corporate

capabilities. The majority of this team successfully worked together at Paladin Energy, which grew from a $2M explorer into

a $4B high-quality uranium producer pre-Fukushima.

The medium to long-term outlook for uranium is extremely positive, supported by the integral role nuclear power will play in

meeting global clean energy targets. Through the operational expertise of the Company’s Board and management team,

along with the execution of the unique and differentiated dual-pillar strategy, Deep Yellow is well placed to provide uranium

supply security and certainty into a growing market.

HIGHLIGHTS OF THE 2020 FINANCIAL YEAR

Key achievements in the Company have been as follows:



Continued drilling of the prospective Tumas palaeochannel system continued to increase the resource base on the

Reptile Project with 55km of this 125km target remaining to be adequately tested.



With the positive results, a Scoping Study (SS) was completed initiating commencement of a Pre-Feasibility Study

(PFS) to test viability of Langer Heinrich-style deposits which are found to occur on the Tumas Palaeochannel of the

Reptile Project.



Exploration on the on the Nova Joint Venture (NJV) Project funded 100% by JOGMEC continued testing for basement

associated

mineralisation

(Husab/Rössing

alaskite-associated

mineralisation)

and

surficial

calcrete-style

mineralisation (Langer Heinrich-style deposits) with highly encouraging results identified at the Barking Gecko

basement target.



Completion of a capital raising program in July 2019, involving both placements to selected parties to broaden the

shareholder base and a Share Purchase Plan. It jointly raised A$11.3M to support sector consolidation possibilities

and advancement of the feasibility studies on Reptile Project.



Against the uncertainty and volatility caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company conducted a full review of

activities focused on adjusting workstreams to safeguard the Company’s key assets. Proceeded with re-adjusted work

programs to preserve cash, whilst maintaining and advancing the core key drivers of the Company’s strategy. This

included advancing the Tumas 3 PFS, carrying out critical exploration on the NJV and assessing M&A activities.:

LETTER

D e e p Y e l l o w L i m i t e d

3

2 0 2 0 A n n u a l R e p o r t

Dear Shareholder

It has been another year of steady progress at Deep Yellow. Your company is continuing its

journey toward the goals articulated in our annual report last year.

We set a twin strategy for growth. Firstly, through the identification of additional resources in our

Namibian exploration licences. At the same time seeking expansion by way of acquisitions be they

via joint ventures or outright acquisition. Progress on both fronts has been achieved. The discovery

of additional resources and updates to our Mineral Resource Estimates (MRE) has been disclosed

via various ASX announcements. The recent infill drilling has resulted in a successful and

meaningful conversion of resources from Inferred to Indicated. We are all particularly pleased with

the progress. The ongoing work on acquisition opportunities is being conducted internally.

One area I particularly wish to acknowledge is the leadership of Deep Yellow in their overall

management of the COVID-19 issue. This came up for all of us very suddenly but management

responded with effective action on a timely basis. To make matters even more complicated we

have had to deal with the issue in both Namibia and Australia. Full marks go to the whole team and in particular the leadership

shown by John Borshoff and Gill Swaby for getting us through this. Albeit we recognise that it remains an issue.

The frustrating part is our inability to visit our operations in Namibia.

A concerted effort during the year was made to complete the SS. This gave us the confidence to progress to the PFS together

with the Environmental Impact Study. Both are currently underway. We have every expectation to follow this with the next

stage being the Feasibility Study. As part of this process we will be seeking a Mining Licence early next year.

Overall, another solid year for Deep Yellow. While this may be self-evident what does need to acknowledged is that this has

been achieved through the combined effort and energy of our teams of people in both Namibia and Perth. We are fortunate

to have highly experienced and motivated people across a wide range of skill sets.

Finally, the rerate of the uranium price is a matter we believe to be inevitable and in the not distant future.

Yours faithfully

Rudolf Brunovs:

Managing Director/CEO

Mr Borshoff is an experienced mining executive and geologist with more than 30 years of uranium industry experience. He

spent more than a decade at the start of his career as a senior geologist and manager of the Australian activities of German

uranium miner Uranerz. In 1993, following the withdrawal of Uranerz from Australia, Mr Borshoff founded Paladin Energy Ltd

(Paladin). He built that company from a junior explorer into a multi-mine uranium producer with a global asset base and

valuation of more than US$4.5 billion at its peak.

At Paladin, Mr Borshoff led the team that completed the drill out, feasibility studies, financing, construction, commissioning

and safe operation of the first two conventional uranium mines built in the world for 20 years. He also oversaw numerous

successful, large public market transactions including acquisitions and major capital raisings before leaving Paladin in 2015.

Mr Borshoff is recognised as a global uranium industry expert and has a vast international network across the uranium and

nuclear industries, as well as the mining investment market. He has a Bachelor of Science (Geology) from the University of

Western Australia and is a Fellow of both the Australian Institute of Company Directors and the Australasian Institute of Mining

and Metallurgy.

He is a member of the Uranium Forum within the Minerals Council of Australia (of which he is a former Board member), sits

on the Council of the Namibian Chamber of Mines and is a member of the Supply/Demand Working Group of the World

Nuclear Association.

Mr Borshoff serves on the Risk Committee (appointed 29 June 2017).

Gillian Swaby BBus, FCIS, FAICD, AAusIMM

Executive Director

Ms Swaby is an experienced mining executive with a broad skillset across a range of corporate, finance and governance

areas.

She has spent more than 35 years working with natural resources companies in numerous roles including Chief Financial

Officer, Company Secretary, Director and corporate advisor. Ms Swaby worked at Paladin for the period 1993 – 2015 in the

capacity as Executive Director for 10 years and as GM – Corporate Affairs. She had a key role in managing that company’s

growth through mine development, operation, acquisition and exploration. This role included responsibility for the company’s

complex corporate, legal, human relations and corporate social responsibility programs as an operating uranium miner in

multiple African countries.

Ms Swaby holds a Bachelor of Business (Accounting) and is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors (AICD),

the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators, and the Governance Institute of Australia. She is a member of the

WA Council of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

Ms Swaby serves on the Risk Committee (appointed 29 June 2017).

During the past three years Ms Swaby has also served as a Director of the following listed companies:

Comet Ridge Limited - appointed 9 January 2004. * Panoramic Resources Limited – appointed 8 October 2019. *

Birimian Limited – appointed 26 April 2017; resigned 13 November 2018.:

Managing Director of CHQ Dublin

Limited, a leading Irish property developer. All these businesses are located in Dublin, Ireland.

From 1997 – 2005 Mr Greene was the London-based partner of Irwin Jacobs Greene, one of Namibia's premier stockbroking,

private equity and corporate finance advisory firms. Prior to this Mr Greene worked for investment bank Morgan Stanley in

New York and London.

Mr Greene has a Masters in Mathematics and Bachelor degree of Civil Engineering from Trinity College in Dublin. Mr Greene

also has a Masters of Business Administration from London Business School.

Mr Greene was appointed to the Deep Yellow Board in November 2006 and was Chairman from August 2007 to August 2013.

Mr Greene serves on the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee (appointed 1 January 2017).

Christophe Urtel MSc, BSc

Non-executive Director

Mr Urtel has 20 years of experience in the natural resources sector and is currently Group Head of Corporate Development

for Anglo American.

Prior to joining Anglo American he was Head of Strategy and Capital (EMEA) for commodity trader Noble Group Limited, a

Fund Manager at Laurium LP and an Executive Director in J.P. Morgan’s Principal Investment franchise in London,

responsible for natural resources investments. Previously Mr Urtel worked in J.P. Morgan and its predecessor organisations

from 1999 – 2008, specialising in providing M&A, equity capital market and debt capital market advice to companies in the

metals and mining sector.

Mr Urtel graduated with a Masters in Mining and Finance and Bachelor of Science (Geology with Engineering Geology) from

the Royal School of Mines, Imperial College, London.

Mr Urtel joined the Deep Yellow Board in October 2012.

Mr Urtel serves on the Remuneration Committee and has been the Chair since 1 January 2017.

Justin Reid BSc, MSc, MBA

Non-executive Director

Mr Reid is a geologist and capital markets executive with more than 20 years of experience focused exclusively in the mineral

resources sector. He has held a number of senior executive roles, including President and Director of Sulliden Gold

Corporation, until its acquisition of Rio Alto Mining in 2014, President and CEO of Toronto-listed Sulliden Mining Capital Inc

which acquires and develops mining projects in the Americas. He is now CEO of Troilus Gold a Canadian development stage

resource company focusing in Northern Quebec.

Mr Reid started his career as a geologist with SGS and Cominco Limited, before becoming a partner and senior mining analyst

at Cormark Securities in Toronto and then: Managing

Managing Director (MD) / Chief Executive Officer (CEO)

Full financial year

Gillian Swaby

Executive Director

Full financial year

Non-executive Directors (NEDs)

Rudolf Brunovs

Chairman

Full financial year

Mervyn Greene

Non-executive Director

Full financial year

Justin Reid

Non-executive Director

Full financial year

Christophe Urtel

Non-executive Director

Full financial year

There were no changes to KMP after the reporting date and before the date the financial report was authorised for issue.

2.

Overview of Executive Remuneration

(a)

Executive Remuneration Policies, Processes and Practices

Four principles guide the Group’s decisions about executive remuneration:



Fairness: provide a fair level of reward to all employees, benchmarked against peer groups;



Value adding: build a culture of achievement by attracting, motivating and retaining high performing individuals who

will add value to the Group;



Alignment: promote mutually beneficial outcomes by aligning the interests of Executives with shareholder objectives;

and



Group Culture: drive leadership performance that create a culture that promotes safety, diversity and stakeholder

satisfaction.

The key objectives of the Group’s award framework therefore ensure that remuneration practices are based on the above

principles, in compliance with the Corporations Act, the ASX Listing Rules and are also in accordance with principles of good

corporate governance.:

Managing Director and Executive

Director in FY20:: Managing

Managing Director

Executive Director

How is it paid?

36% of STI delivered as cash with 64%

deferred into Loan Plan Shares vesting

equally over three years.

100% of STI deferred into Loan Plan

Shares vesting equally over two years

The deferred component was introduced in FY19 to align with Australian market practice.

How much can be earned?

A maximum STI opportunity of 70% of

annual service fee can be earned as

follows:



25% Cash



45% Deferred into Loan Plan Shares

A maximum STI opportunity of 30% of

annual service fee can be earned as

Deferred Loan Plan Shares

Payment of any STI is entirely discretionary and the mix of cash and Loan Plan Shares

can be adjusted as per Board discretion. The governance process and principles adopted

by the Board in making the executive pay decisions, specifically during the COVID-19

pandemic, are based on but not limited to:



Proactively considering whether discretion needs to be exercised due to the rapid

change in operating environment arising from the COVID-19 pandemic



Receiving structured and broader insights and independent information from control

functions such as finance, risk and human resources;



The Remuneration Committee maintaining an independent role in overseeing the

function of proposing remuneration decisions to the Board; and



Transparently record and communicate the inputs received that led to discretion

being applied.

How is performance

measured?

The STI performance measures were

chosen as they provide a framework for

delivering short term success and long-term

value to the Group and its shareholders.

They reflect the core drivers of short-term

performance and recognises and rewards

the: Managing

Managing Director and Executive Director to reward them for their

contribution to the creation of shareholder value over the long term.: Managing

Managing Director and

Executive Director contained both share price target and time-based vesting conditions.

These conditions were chosen as it reflects an appropriate balance between individual

reward and market performance. Those awards with time-based vesting conditions were

issued to encourage long-term retention. If these vesting conditions are not met the shares

are forfeited and the forfeited shares are treated as full consideration for the repayment of

the loan. Financial based performance conditions such as Total Shareholder Return and

Return on Equity Earnings are not chosen as a performance measure for the Loan Share

Plan as these are difficult to measure in the present operating environment. Loan Plan

Shares were granted under the Loan Share Plan to the: Managing

Managing Director;



the: Managing

Managing Director/CEO

Scomac Management Services Pty Ltd as trustee for the Scomac Unit Trust (Scomac) has been appointed on a non-exclusive

basis to provide the Company with management, strategic, technical and geological expertise and services through Scomac

personnel which they employ or have access to (Scomac agreement).

Consultant personnel who Scomac employ or have access to include Mr John Borshoff, the Company’s: Managing

Managing Director are detailed in section 6(a). An amount of $81,687 was outstanding at 30 June 2020 (2019:$54,486). The

amount for other services was recognised as non-current asset: capitalised mineral exploration and evaluation expenditure.:

Managing Director for FY19 but only paid during FY20.

(iii)

The value is based on the number of Loan Plan Shares vested multiplied by the share price on vesting dates and reduced by the

outstanding loan in relation to the Loan Plan Shares that vested. The outstanding loans were both in excess of the value obtained

on vesting date, therefore no remuneration was earned.

End of Remuneration Report (Audited)

This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.

DATED at Perth this 25th day of September 2020.

John Borshoff: Managing

Managing Director and Executive management team.

The Group has identified its operating segments based on internal reports that are used by the Group: Managing

Managing Director, Executive Director, employees and contractors and

subject to long term performance conditions and repayment of limited recourse loan made to the participant to purchase

the shares. The shares may not be traded until the shares have vested, any imposed dealing restrictions have ended

and the limited recourse loan in respect to those shares has been paid in full.

(ii)

Ordinary shares previously issued under the Loan Share Plan were cancelled as relevant vesting criteria were not met.:

Managing Director, Executive Director, employees and contractors

under the Deep Yellow Limited Loan Share Plan (Loan Share Plan). The Loan Share Plan rewards and incentivises

employees (including Directors who are employees of the Company) and contractors (Participant), where shareholder

approval has been granted (if required), through an arrangement where Participants are offered shares subject to long term

performance conditions. The shares are offered at market value such that the incentive is linked to the increase in value over

and above the purchase price and so aligns the Participants to the risks and rewards of a shareholder. The purchase price

payable by the Participant for the ordinary shares is lent to the Participant under an interest free limited recourse loan, with

the loan secured against the shares. A Participant may not trade shares acquired under the Loan Share Plan until the shares

have vested, any imposed dealing restrictions have ended and the limited recourse loan in respect to those shares has been

paid in full. For so long as there is an outstanding loan balance, the Participant irrevocably and unconditionally directs the

Company to withhold all after tax dividends in respect of the Participants Loan Plans Shares and apply all amounts so withheld

in repayment of the outstanding loan balance. The loan can be repaid at any time, however to avoid compulsory divestment

of Loan Plan Shares, the loan must be repaid on the earlier of periods ranging between 5-10 years (determined with each

issue) after the issuance of the shares and the occurrence of:

(a)

in the case of vested shares, the date being 12 months after cessation of employment or service contract for any

reason; or

(b)

pre-determined occurrences as per the Loan Share Plan including but not limited to a Control Event or material breach

by the Participant.

The shares vest if certain Company share price targets and clearly defined business goals (where applicable) covering non-

financial performance measures are met and the holder of the awards remains employed with the Company during the

measurement period. If these conditions are not met the shares are forfeited and the forfeited shares are treated as full

consideration for the repayment of the loan. The fair value at grant date is estimated using a Black Scholes option pricing

model for shares with non-market based vesting conditions and a Monte-Carlo model for those with market based vesting

conditions.

(a)

Summaries of Performance Rights and Loan Plan Shares granted

The table below illustrates the number (No.) and weighted average exercise price (WAEP) of, and movements in, Loan Plan

Shares during the year:

2020

2020

2019

2019

No.

WAEP (cents)

No.

WAEP (cents)

Outstanding at the start of the year

14,283,941

32.4

9,050,000

25.4

Granted during the year

8,631,205

27.0

6,283,941

46.5

Forfeited during the year

(978,346)

-

(1,050,000)

-

Outstanding at the end of the year

21,936,800

31.9

14,283,941

32.4

The table below illustrates the number (No.) and movements in Performance Rights during the year:

2020

2019

No.

No.

Outstanding at the start of the year

750,048

837,934

Granted during the year

531,363

447,437

Expired during the year

(105,000)

(121,000)

Exercised during the year

(571,850)

(414,323)

Outstanding at the end of the year

604,561

750,048

(b)

Summaries of Loan Plan Shares exercised during the year

No Loan Plan Shares were exercised during the year. The limited recourse loans outstanding in relation to Loan Plan Shares

at 30 June 2020 was $7,089,087 (2019: $5,219,033). 8,631,205 Loan Plan Shares were granted and 746,624 vested during

the year.

(c)

Weighted average remaining contractual life

The Loan Plan Shares outstanding at the end of the year have exercise prices between 22.0 and 46.5 cents. The weighted

average remaining contractual life for the limited recourse loans outstanding in relation to Loan Plan Shares at 30 June 2019

is 5.45 years (2019: 6.83 years)

The weighted average remaining contractual life for the Performance Rights outstanding as at 30 June 2020 is 10.78 months

(2019: 7.05 months).:

Managing Director are detailed in section 6(a). An amount of $81,687 was outstanding

at 30 June 2020 (2019: $54,486). The majority of cost for other services was recognised as non-current asset: capitalised

mineral exploration and evaluation expenditure.

There were no other related party transactions during the year other than those disclosed above in relation to Key

Management Personnel.

Note 23 Events Occurring After Balance Date

There have been no events or circumstances which materially affect the Annual Financial Statements of the Group between

30 June 2020 and the date of this report.

Note 24 Remuneration of Auditors

The auditor of the Deep Yellow Limited Group is Ernst & Young

Consolidated

2020

2019

$

$

Fees to Ernst & Young (Australia)

Fees for auditing the statutory financial report of the parent covering the

group and auditing the statutory financial reports of any controlled entities

49,125

43,260

Fees for assurance services that are required by legislation to be provided by

the auditor – ASIC audit levy

368

552

Fees for other assurance and agreed-upon-procedures services under other

legislation or contractual arrangements where there is discretion as to

whether the service is provided by the auditor or another firm

-

-

Fees for other services

-

-

Total fees to Ernst & Young (Australia)

49,493

43,812

Fees to other overseas member firms of Ernst & Young (Australia)

Fees for auditing the financial report of any controlled entities

27,762

27,438

Fees for assurance services that are required by legislation to be provided by

the auditor

-

-

Fees for other assurance and agreed-upon-procedures services under other

legislation or contractual arrangements where there is discretion as to

whether the service is provided by the auditor or another firm

-

-

Fees for other services

-

Audit of internal procedures

-

3,007

Total Fees to other overseas member firms of Ernst & Young (Australia)

27,762

30,445

Total auditor’s remuneration

77,255

74,257:

Managing Director

25th day of September 2020:

