managing director. I am pleased to announce that Roland

Tatnall was appointed: managing director: energy and a member of

the executive committee. Roland’s multifaceted experience in Africa

and South Africa’s energy sectors will help sustainably drive

our growth.

Together, Mark and Roland, supported by our audit committee

chairperson, CEO and ﬁnance director, have a strong team to deliver

against our strategic priorities.

The third pillar of our diversiﬁcation strategy is the minerals

business, which will be built on commodities with strong

fundamentals that are relevant and sustainable in a low-carbon

world. A minerals diversiﬁcation strategy was approved by the

Exxaro board of directors during June 2020, to create an Exxaro

of the future that is built on three core pillars, coal, minerals and

energy. The minerals division’s ambition is to utilise Exxaro’s core

competencies to supply minerals that power a cleaner world in a

responsible and sustainable manner impacting positively on our

stakeholders while providing superior shareholders returns and

driving our decarbonisation objectives.

OUR STRATEGIC REALIGNMENT: CAPITAL

ALLOCATION, DIVESTMENTS AND DIVIDENDS

In terms of our capital allocation framework, Exxaro remains

disciplined in returning cash to shareholders, managing debt, and

selectively reinvesting for the growth and resilience of the business

in a low-carbon future. As a result, we are implementing exit

strategies for operations that no longer align with our strategic

vision. Our intention is not to operate as an investment holding

company. As mentioned previously, we undertook a strategic

decision to dispose of our total equity interest in Exxaro Coal

Central Proprietary Limited (ECC) and Leeuwpan, having identiﬁed

these assets as non-core to the future objectives of Exxaro.

Subsequent to 31 December 2020, Exxaro signed a sale and

purchase agreement with Overlooked Colliery Proprietary Limited,

who will acquire ECC. The sale will only be effective once all

Managing director: Managing director

Functional department, subsidiaries,

SPVs and trusts

Functional department, subsidiaries,

SPVs and trusts

INTEGRATED REPORTING AND REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

