letter. The: letter, among

other matters, summarises the terms of

appointment including remuneration,

the requirements to comply with key

corporate policies including the Code of

Conduct and Share Trading Policy and

indemnity and insurance arrangements.

All senior executives including the

CEO and the CFO have their position

descriptions, roles and responsibilities set

out in writing in an employment contract.

ASX PRINCIPLES

RECOMMENDATION 1.4

The company secretary of a listed

entity should:

• be accountable directly to the board,

through the chairman, on all matters

to do with the proper functioning of the

board and

• the company secretary has an important

role in supporting the effectiveness of the

board and its committees.

The role of MCM’s Company

Secretary includes:

• advising the Board and its Committees

on governance matters

• monitoring that Board and Committee

policy and procedures are followed

• ensuring that the business at Board

and Committee meetings is accurately

reflected in the minutes

All

Managing Director of Real Gain Investment Pvt. Ltd and was responsible

for infrastructure and construction market development, as well as overseas

market investments. He has previously served as Construction Manager for

CRI – Eagle Investments (Pty) Ltd and Eagle Canyon Investments (Pty) Ltd.

Khomotso Brian

Mosehla

Independent Non-executive

Director

Mr Mosehla is a CA (SA) and completed his articles with KPMG. Khomotso

worked at African Merchant Bank Limited for five years where he gained a

broad range of experience, including management buy-out, leveraged buy-

out and capital restructuring/raising transactions. In 2003, he established

Mvelaphanda Corporate Finance for the development of Mvelaphanda’s

mining and non-mining interests. Mr Mosehla served as a director on the

boards of several companies, including Mvelaphanda Resources Limited.

He is currently the CFO of The Housing Development Agency. Mr Mosehla is

currently a Non-executive Director of Northam Platinum Limited as well as

Zambezi Platinum Limited.

Peter George Cordin

Independent Non-executive

Director

Mr Cordin has a Bachelor of Engineering from the University of Western

Australia and is experienced in the evaluation, development and operation of

resource projects within Australia and overseas. He is a Non-executive Director

of Vital Metals Limited and Aurora Minerals Limited.

Sebastiano Randazzo

Independent Non-executive

Director

Mr Randazzo began his career with Arthur Young (predecessor firm to Ernst &

Young) before working as a consultant across a variety of projects in the USA,

Australia, Canada, Africa and South America and is a member of Chartered

Accountants Australia and New Zealand. He has over 25 years’ experience in

the international mining industry with extensive public company management

expertise from roles as chairman, director, CEO, CFO, company secretary

and executive director positions of ASX, TSX and AIM listed mineral resource

companies. Mr Randazzo has completed numerous feasibility studies, mergers

and acquisitions and capital-raisings and has operational management

experience in Australia, South America, USA, Canada and the UK.

Shangren Ding

Non-executive Director

Mr Ding is an experienced professional engineer and has worked for a

number of mining and energy companies as well as acting as a consultant

to government geological bureaus. Mr Ding has over 30 years’ experience

predominantly in the coal mining sector and has gained extensive operational

coal mining knowledge through chief operating roles at a number of mines

in the Heilongjiang province in the People’s Republic of China. Since 2014,

Mr Ding has worked in a number of senior roles for Beijing Haohua Energy

Resource Co., Ltd.

Thabo Felix Mosololi

Independent Non-executive

Director

Mr Mosololi is a CA (SA) and brings considerable expertise as a director

of various companies as well as from his time as Finance Director and

Operations Director with Tsogo Sun. Mr Mosololi has 20 years of experience

within the South African corporate environment. Mr Mosololi is currently

a Director of Pan African Resources PLC.

Peter Cordin retired on 22 November 2019, Thabo Mosololi resigned on 31 December 2019 and David Brown resigned on 31 January 2020.

All other Directors held office during and since the end of the previous financial year.

MC Mining ANNUAL REPORT 2020

44

OVERVIEW

YEAR IN REVIEW

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

GOVERNANCE

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ADMINISTRATION:

