Managing Director and CEO:

Managing Director of the Virginia Gas

Project since 2013.

CURRENT EXTERNAL APPOINTMENT

None

Managing

Director and

Chief Executive

Officer

corporate governance report:

letter, the audit plan

and the audit fees payable to Mazars. The Audit

Committee further monitored the external

auditor’s progress against the approved audit

plan. Following the statutory audit, the auditor’s

report provided the Audit Committee with the

necessary assurance in respect of Renergen’s

risk management processes, internal control

environment and IT governance.

It is the recommendation of the Committee to

the Board that shareholders reappointed Mazars

as Renergen’s independent external auditor with

Mr S Vorster as auditor for the financial year

ended 28 February 2021 at the Annual General

Meeting to be held on 7 August 2020.

A formal procedure has been adopted to govern

the process where the external auditor may be

considered for non-audit services and the extent

of these services is closely monitored by the

Audit Committee. The Committee approved fees

payable to Mazars for non-audit services for the

year ending 29 February 2020.

The Audit Committee was satisfied that Mazars

were independent of the Company.

EVALUATION OF THE CFO AND THE

FINANCE FUNCTION

The Audit Committee evaluated the expertise

and performance of Ms. F Ravele during the

financial year ended 29 February 2020 and is

satisfied that she has the appropriate expertise

and experience to carry out her duties as the

CFO of the Group. The expertise, experience

and adequacy of the resources making up the

finance function were also considered, and the

Audit Committee is satisfied that these are

appropriate.:

letter of

representation to enable them to attend the AGM, or, alternatively, should the dematerialised

shareholder not wish to attend the AGM, they should provide their CSDP or broker with their

voting instructions.

Forms of proxy must reach the Company’s transfer secretaries, Computershare Investor

Services Proprietary Limited, by emailing proxy@computershare.co.za, to be received by

them by no later than 12:00 on Wednesday, 5 August 2020 (or 48 (forty- eight) hours before

any adjournments of the AGM which date, if necessary, will be notified on SENS).

AGM participants may be required to provide identification to the reasonable satisfaction

of the Chairperson of the AGM. An official identification document issued by the South

African Department of Home Affairs, a driving license or a valid passport will be accepted as

sufficient identification.

Shareholders who have any doubt as to what action they are required to take in respect of

the following resolutions, should consult their CSDP, broker, banker, attorney, accountant or

other professional adviser immediately.

On a poll, ordinary shareholders will have one vote (prior to the AGM) in respect of each

share held.:

Letter to shareholders accompanying this notice of AGM contains details of where

copies of the Integrated Annual Report and Annual Financial Statements can be

downloaded from the Company’s website www.renergen.co.za

REPORT FROM GOVERNANCE, ETHICS, SOCIAL, TRANSFORMATION AND

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE

In accordance with Regulation 43(5)(c) of the Companies Act, the Chairperson of the

Governance, Ethics, Social, Transformation and Compensation Committee or, in his absence,

any member of the Committee, will present the Social and Ethics report to shareholders at

the AGM.

ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS

To consider and, if deemed fit, to pass, with or without modification, all of the ordinary

resolutions relating to the business set out below. Unless otherwise indicated, in order for

each ordinary resolution to be adopted the support of more than 50% of the voting rights

exercised on the resolutions by shareholders, represented by proxy at the AGM and entitled

to exercise voting rights on the resolution, is required.

ORDINARY RESOLUTION NUMBER 1: RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTOR

L Matteucci will retire at the AGM in accordance with Renergen’s memorandum of

incorporation (MOI) and, being eligible, offers himself for re-election.

“Resolved that the re-election of L Matteucci, as an independent Non-executive Director who,

in terms of Article 5.1 of the Company’s MOI retires by rotation at this AGM but, being eligible

to do so, offers himself for re-election, is hereby confirmed with effect from 7 August 2020.”

Rationale: Renergen’s MOI and, to the extent applicable, the Companies Act require that

one third of Renergen’s Non-executive Directors rotate at the AGM and can be eligible

for re-election.

NotES TO Annual

General Meeting:

letter of representation to attend the

AGM in person or by proxy. If they do not wish to attend the AGM in person or by proxy,

they must provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the

relevant custody agreement entered between them and the CSDP or broker. These ordinary

shareholders must not use this form of proxy.

Name of beneficial shareholder:

Name of registered shareholder:

Address:

Telephone: work ( )

home ( )

Cell: ( )

being the holder/custodian of

ordinary shares in the Company, hereby

appoint (see Note):

1.

or failing him/her,

2.

or failing him/her,

3. the Chairperson of the meeting

as my/our proxy to attend and act for me/us on my/our behalf at the AGM of Renergen

convened for purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without modification,

the ordinary and special resolutions to be proposed thereat (resolutions) and at each

Form of

Proxy

196:

