Managing Director: Dear Shareholders

In the year under review, businesses

across the world had to deal with a unique

set of challenges. When the world was

slowly recovering after the virulent waves

of the pandemic, geopolitical conflicts

in the fourth quarter of the fiscal and

consequent supply chain disruptions and

surging inflation further roiled economies

across the world.

Despite multiple headwinds, the Indian

economy remained on the growth path,

with regional economies slowly regaining

their economic outputs. With normalcy

returning to our socio-economic life, the

commercial and industrial sectors were

primarily responsible for the 8% rise in

power demand in FY22, which peaked at

200 GW.

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

08

09

KPI GREEN ENERGY LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Dear Stakeholders,

The last two years of the pandemic have

considerably enhanced the focus of global

businesses on the adoption of sustainable

energies, processes, products and

technologies.

Environmental degradation and climate

change have been identified as the biggest

perils of the 21st century. At the 26th

Session of COP26, India, following other

advanced and developing countries, had

showcased its commitment to sustainability

by adopting ‘Panchamrit,’ the five-point

agenda to combat climate change by

achieving about 50% cumulative electric

power installed capacity from non-fossil

fuel based energy resource by 2030 and

moving towards the goal of reaching net-

zero emission by 2070. Energy security in a

sustainable manner is of prime importance

to the government. Aligned with this, we

are committed to promoting green energy

through the use of innovative technologies.

We are well-equipped with resources,

infrastructure, capital and a team of diligent

employees to capitalise on the emerging

opportunities in the energy sector and

create holistic value for all stakeholders.

During the year under review, we proved

our resilience and capacity to reliably meet

customer needs. Our extensive industry

knowledge, technological capabilities,

expansive footprint, sustainable supply

chains, and operational excellence continue

to contribute to our success.

In keeping with our strategic aim to

de-risk the business, we generated a

healthy performance that was fuelled by

focused execution and financial prudence.

Our market capitalisation has grown in

tandem with a robust and steady increase

in cash flow. Our emphasis on delivering

accretive capacity growth and operational

excellence across all business verticals led

to a remarkable performance. Our revenues

shot up by 122%, from H 103.50 crores in

FY2020-21 to H 229.94 crores in FY2021-22.

The IPP vertical, which accounts for 25%

of our total revenue, contributed H 57.59

crores to the total revenue in FY22. The CPP

vertical, on the other hand, contributed 73%

of the total revenue, amounting to H 167.93

crores.

For the evacuation of the solar energy

produced by our solar plants to the Gujarat

Energy Transmission Corporation Limited

(GETCO) substations situated close to our

solar plants, we have established power

evacuation infrastructure for 100% portfolio,

with 66 KV and 11 KV transmission lines.

We received GETCO’s approval for the

evacuation of 240 MW of consolidated

cumulative power. By entering into a

turnkey agreement, we develop solar power

projects on behalf of CPP customers. This

enables CPP customers to not only use a

common pool of land connected to the grid

to establish and generate solar power, but

also utilise the common infrastructure for

evacuating power, using our transmission

line from solar plants to the nearest GETCO

substation.

In order to guarantee a long-term annuity

source of income, we provide Operation &

Maintenance Services (OMS) by entering

into a separate OMS Agreement with CPP

clients for a period of 25 years.

Consequent to the declaration of the hybrid

power policy by Government of India and

lucrative tariff order by GERC, we plan to

set up, own and operate a hybrid renewable

energy project to generate power and

sell the power produced from it to our

customers. In accordance with the Gujarat

wind-solar hybrid policy, we will develop a

number of projects in Gujarat where we can

leverage our KPE experience to expand the

capacity of our wind project. As part of our

regular commercial operations, we shall also

develop wind-solar hybrid power projects

for KPE, the KP Group’s wind vertical. The

combined synergies of KPE and KPI enables

us to execute projects on time, implement

cost-effective strategies and ensure the

quality of hybrid projects.

To achieve optimal utilisation of the power

evacuation infrastructure under the Hybrid

policy, both wind and solar hybrid capacity

shall be developed and injected into the

same pooling substation and subsequently

to the grid. Utilising their different areas

of expertise and carrying out the projects

under the hybrid policy will benefit both

the Companies. The transaction involves

development of renewable power projects

by KPI and KPE by utilising their synergies

related to Engineering, Procurement,

Construction and Commissioning.

In all of our interactions with our

communities and stakeholders, we continue

to be committed to upholding a strong,

moral, and value-based culture. During

the year, we continued to prioritise our

social and environmental responsibility

and contributed towards education of

vulnerable sections of society to build the

foundation for an equitable and future-

ready India. We also undertake initiatives

to attune our employees to the modern

business environment with various learning

and developmental trainings.

I am proud of the enthusiasm and

commitment demonstrated by our people. I

would like to take this opportunity to thank

everyone for their diligence in ensuring the

continuity of our operations and achieving

significant business milestones. Finally,

I want to express my gratitude to all of

our external stakeholders, including our

customers, investors, regulators, lenders,

rating agencies, suppliers, and advisors for

their constant support all year long

Regards,

Shaheedul Hasan

Chief Operaing Officer

Growth is

never by mere

chance. It is

the result

of forces

working

together

James Cash Penney

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

10

11

KPI GREEN ENERGY LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22:

Managing Director

Mr. Shaheedul Hasan

Chief Operating Officer

Mrs. Venu Birappa

Independent Director

Mrs. Bhadrabala Joshi

Non - Executive Director

Mr. Moh. Sohil Dabhoya

Whole Time Director

Ms. Rajvi Upadhyay

Company Secretary &

Compliance Officer

Mr. Manish Sayata

Chief People Officer (CPO)

Mr. Moh. Hanif Dalchawal

Independent Director

Mr. Chandravadan Raval

Vice President - Projects

Mr. Sharadchandra Patil

Independent Director

36

KPI GREEN ENERGY LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22:

Managing Director

Mrs. Bhadrabala D. Joshi

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Moh. Sohil Y. Dabhoya

Whole Time Director

Mrs. Venu Birappa

Independent Director

(Appointed w.e.f. August 3, 2021)

Mr. Sharadchandra B. Patil

Independent Director

(Appointed w.e.f. October 6, 2021)

Mr. Moh. Hanif Dalchawal

Independent Director

Mr. Vendhan G. Mudaliar

Independent Director

(Resigned w.e.f. May 4, 2021)

Mr. Lakshmana Rao Vaddi

Independent Director

(Resigned w.e.f. October 5, 2021)

Mr. Salim S. Yahoo

(Resigned w.e.f. June 4, 2021)

Mr. Nirav G. Raval

(Appointed w.e.f. August 3, 2021)

(Resigned w.e.f. July 8, 2022)

‘KP House’, Opp. Ishwar Farm Junction BRTS,

Near Bliss IVF Circle, Canal Road,

Bhatar, Surat 395017, Gujarat, India.

M/s Bigshare Services Private Limited

Office No. S6-2, 6th Floor,

Pinnacle Business Park, Next to Ahura Centre,

Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri East,

Mumbai - 400093, Maharashtra.

Reg. Off.: E-3 Ansa Industrial Estate,

Saki Vihar Road, Sakinaka,

Mumbai 400093, Maharashtra.

Tel. No.: 91 22 62638200, Fax No.: 91 22 62638299

Email: ipo@bigshareonline.com

Website: www.bigshareonline.com

Audit Committee

Sharadchandra B Patil, Chairman

Farukbhai G. Patel, Member

Venu Birappa, Member

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Venu Birappa, Chairperson

Farukbhai G. Patel, Member

Bhadrabala Dhimantrai Joshi, Member

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Bhadrabala Dhimantrai Joshi, Chairperson

Moh. Sohil Y. Dabhoya, Member

Venu Birappa, Member

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Moh. Hanif Dalchawal, Chairman

Sharadchandra B Patil, Member

Venu Birappa, Member

Risk Management Committee

(Applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2022)

Constituted w.e.f. May 7, 2022)

Sharadchandra B Patil, Chairman

Farukbhai G. Patel, Member

Venu Birappa, Member

Moh. Sohil Y. Dabhoya, Member

Ms. Rajvi Upadhyay

M/s K A Sanghavi & Co LLP

Chartered Accountants, Surat:

Managing Director (designated as the

‘Chairman and: Managing Director’) of the Company for a

period of five years.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution,

with or without modification, as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 196, 197

& 203 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) read with the Companies

(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014

(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof

for the time being in force) and Schedule V of the Act, and based

on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company,

Mr. Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel (DIN: 00414045) be and is

hereby re-appointed as the Managing Director (designated as

the ‘

letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the

duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to the

Scrutinizer and to the Company, if voted from individual tab

& not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for the

scrutinizer to verify the same.

If you have any queries or issues regarding attending AGM & e-Voting

from the CDSL e-Voting System, you can write an email to helpdesk.

evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 22 55 33.

All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic

means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, Sr. Manager, (CDSL)

Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor,

Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower

Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@

cdslindia.com or call toll free no. 1800 22 55 33.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS VOTING ON THE DAY

OF THE AGM ON e-VOTING SYSTEM ARE AS UNDER:

1.

The procedure for attending meeting & e-Voting on the day of the

AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for e-voting.

2.

The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available where

the EVSN of Company will be displayed after successful login as

per the instructions mentioned above for e-voting.

3.

Only those Members, who will be present in the AGM through

VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on the

Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not

barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting

system available in the AGM

4.

If any Votes are cast by the Members through the e-voting

available during the AGM and if the same Members have not

participated in the meeting through VC/OAVM facility, then the

votes cast by such Members shall be considered invalid as the

facility of e-voting during the meeting is available only to the

members participating in the meeting.

5.

Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be

eligible to attend the meeting. However, they will not be eligible

to vote at the AGM.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM

THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:

1.

Members will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM

through VC/OAVM or view the live webcast of AGM through the

CDSL e-Voting system. Members may access the same at https://

www.evotingindia.com under shareholders’/ Members login

by using the remote e-voting credentials. The link for VC/OAVM

will be available in shareholder/Members login where the EVSN

of Company will be displayed.

2.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops /

IPads for better experience.

3.

Further shareholders will be required to allow Camera and use

Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the

meeting.

4.

Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or

Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may

experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective

network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN

Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

5.

For ease of conduct, members who would like to ask questions

may send their questions in advance at least seven (7) days before

AGM mentioning their name, demat account number / folio

number, email id, mobile number at cs@kpgroup.co and register

themselves as a speaker. Those Members who have registered

themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their

views/ask questions during the AGM.

6.

Since the AGM will be held through VC/OAVM, the Route Map is

not annexed in this Notice.

PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE

NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH THE COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES.

1.

For Physical shareholders- please provide necessary details

like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share

certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of

PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card)

by email to Company/RTA email id.

2.

For Demat shareholders -, Please update your email id & mobile

no. with your respective Depository Participant (DP):

Managing Director”

of the Company with effect from January 17, 2023, for the period of 5

(five) years starting from January 17, 2023 to January 16, 2028.

Mr. Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel is not disqualified from being

reappointed as a Director or Chairman &: Managing Director in terms

of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013. He has given his consent to

act as

Managing Director, the Company will pay Remuneration

to the: Managing Director within the maximum ceiling per annum

as per section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Companies Act,

2013, including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s)

thereof, for the time being in force, as per the recommendation

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the

approval of the Board of Directors of the Company.

The following additional information as per item (iv) of third proviso of

Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 is given

below:

I.

GENERAL INFORMATION:

1.

Nature of Industry: KPI Green Energy Limited (Formerly known

as K.P.I. Global Infrastructure Limited) is solar power generating

Company focused on generating and supplying power both as an

Independent Power Producer (IPP) and Captive Power Producer

(CPP) under the ‘Solarism’ brand. Under IPP Segment, the Company

build, own, operate and maintain grid connected solar power

projects as IPP and generate revenue by entering into Power

Purchase Agreements (‘PPA’) with third parties for selling power

units generated through our solar projects. Under CPP Segment,

the Company develop, transfer, operate and maintain grid

connected solar power projects for CPP customers and generate

revenue by selling these projects to CPP customers for their captive

use requirements. Going forward, the Company has desired to set

up, own and operate Hybrid Renewable Energy Project to generate

power and Sale the Power generated out of it to its customers due

to its added benefits, flexibility and grid stability.

2.

Date or expected date of commencement of commercial

production: The Company is in business of development of solar

power project and also generates revenue accordingly.

3.

In case of new companies, expected date of commencement

of activities as per project approved by financial institutions

appearing in the prospectus: Not Applicable

4.

Financial performance based on given indicators: The

financial data as per last audited balance sheet as on March 31,

2022 is as under:

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

FY 2021-22

Paid up Capital

1,806.70

Reserves and surplus

13,728.97

Total Revenue

22,050.34

Total Expenses

16,259.87

Less: Exceptional Items

11.45

Profit before Tax

5,779.02

Less: Tax Expenses

1,317.32

Profit after Tax

4,461.70

5.

Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: The Company

has not made any Foreign Investments and neither entered into

any collaborations during the last Financial Year.

II.

INFORMATION ABOUT THE APPOINTEE:

1.

Background details:

Mr. Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel is Founder of KP Group and

Promoter,

Managing Director

shall be within the maximum permissible limits specified under

Section II of Part II of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013.

2.

Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement: The

Company has taken various steps on a regular basis to scale

up the operations of the Company. Company has chalked out

ambitious growth plans to scale up operations and profitability.

Further, the management has adopted focused business

strategies in all spheres of business activities to improve the sales

and profitability of the Company.

3.

Expected increase in productivity and profits in measurable

terms: The Company is conscious about improvement in

productivity and continually undertakes measures to improve its

productivity and profitability. The Management is confident of

achieving sustained revenue growth in the future.

The Board of Directors and Nomination and Remuneration Committee

recommends the resolution set out at Item Nos. 5 of the Notice for

approval of the members of the Company.

Except Mr. Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel, the proposed appointee and

his relatives to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, none

of the other Directors or key managerial personnel or their relatives,

in anyway, concerned or interested in the resolution, as set out in the

Item No. 5 of this Notice.

For Item No. 6

Regulation 23 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as

amended vide SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

(Sixth Amendment) Regulations, 2021, effective April 1, 2022, states

that all Material Related Party Transaction(s) (‘RPT’) with an aggregate

value exceeding H 1000 crore or 10% of annual consolidated turnover

of the Company as per the last audited financial statements of

the Company, whichever is lower, shall require prior approval of

shareholders by means of an ordinary resolution. The said limits

are applicable, even if the transactions are in the ordinary course of

business of the concerned company and at an arm’s length basis.

The amended Regulation 2(1)(zc) of the SEBI Listing Regulations has

also enhanced the definition of related party transaction which now

includes a transaction involving a transfer of resources, services or

obligations between a listed entity or any of its subsidiaries on one

hand and a related party of the listed entity or any of its subsidiaries

on the other hand, regardless of whether a price is charged or not. It

is in the above context that Resolution No. 6 is placed for the approval

of the Members.

Background, details and benefits of the transaction:

KPI Green Energy Limited (the ‘Company’ or ‘KPI’) and K P Buildcon

Private Limited (‘KPB’) are commonly controlled entities. Both, KPI

and KPB are located in India and are related parties to each other. KPB

is engaged in the business of Fabrication and Hot-Dip Galvanising

of Transmission Line Structure, Windmill Structures, Telecom

Towers, Substation & Switchyard Structures, Solar Module Mounting

structure, Cable trays, Earthing strips, pole structure, operation and

maintenance of Optical Fiber Cable infrastructure in Gujarat.

KPI is solar power generating Company focused on providing solar

power, both as an Independent Power Producer (‘IPP’) under the

brand name of ‘Solarism’ and as service provider to Captive Power

Producer (‘CPP’) customers. Under IPP Segment, the Company build,

own, operate and maintain grid connected solar power projects as IPP

and generate revenue by entering into Power Purchase Agreements

(‘PPA’) with third parties for selling power units generated through our

solar projects. Under CPP Segment, the Company develop, transfer,

operate and maintain grid connected solar power projects for CPP

customers and generate revenue by selling these projects to CPP

customers for their captive use requirements. Going forward, the

Company has desired to set up, own and operate Hybrid Renewable

Energy Project to generate power and Sale the Power generated out

of it to its customers due to its added benefits, flexibility and grid

stability.

The Company for developing solar power project for CPP Customers

as well as for supplying power to the clients from own IPP solar power

plant and also for developing wind-solar hybrid projects requires

certain materials including Transmission Line Structure, Solar Module

Mounting structure, pole structure etc. It would be in the best interest

of the Company to procure these materials from KPB in order to

achieve the delivery timelines. KPB being the related company, all

materials sourcing becomes faster and at beneficial arm length rates

in the Ordinary course of the business. Therefore, this transaction

between KPE and KPB is essential of the Company and in the beneficial

interest of the Company.

Details of the proposed transactions are as follows:

Information pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2022.

Sr.

No. Description

Details

1.

Details of Summary of information provided by the management to the Audit Committee

a. Name of the related party and its relationship with the listed

entity or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern or

interest (financial or otherwise);

K P Buildcon Private Limited is a related party company of KPI Green

Energy Limited and both are related by virtue of the common control

of management.:

Managing Director of KPI is

also a Director of the KPB.

c. Nature, material terms, monetary value and particulars of

contracts or arrangement

The transaction involves sale and purchase of Goods or Materials.

d. Value of Transaction

Up to INR 100 Crores (within period of 36 months w.e.f. April 1, 2022)

e. Percentage of annual consolidated turnover of KPI

considering FY 2021-22 as the immediately preceding

financial year

43.49%

2.

Justification for the transaction

Please refer to ‘Background, details and benefits of the transaction’,

which forms part of the explanatory statement to the resolution no. 6.

3.

Details of transaction relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the listed entity or its

subsidiary: Not Applicable

(i) details of the source of funds in connection with the

proposed transaction

Not Applicable

(ii) where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make or give

loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments –

nature of indebtedness; cost of funds; and tenure

(iii) applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate

and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if

secured, the nature of security

(iv) the purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the

ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT

4.

A statement that the valuation or other external report, if any,

relied upon by the listed entity in relation to the proposed

transaction will be made available through registered email

address of the shareholder

All transactions with related party defined as per the provisions of

the Companies Act, 2013 are being reviewed for arm’s length testing

internally and by internal Auditor periodically.

Company’s Related Party Transaction Policy and governance policies

with respect to negotiation with third parties are being followed for

all related party transactions as defined under SEBI Listing Regulations.

These related party transactions are also being approved by the Audit

Committee and being reviewed by it on quarterly basis.

5.

Any other information that may be relevant

All important information forms part of the statement setting out

material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013

forming part of this Notice.

Arm’s length pricing:

The related party transaction(s)/ contract(s)/ arrangement(s)

mentioned in this proposal has been evaluated by the internal auditor

of the Company. The related party transaction(s)/ contract(s) /

arrangement(s) entered or to be entered are qualified as contract

under ordinary course of business.

The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI

Listing Regulations, the related parties as defined thereunder (whether

such related party(ies) is a party to the aforesaid transactions or not),

shall not vote to approve resolutions under Item No. 6. Mr. Farukbhai

Gulambhai Patel, Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director of KPI is

also a: Managing

Managing Director of the Company and

his relatives to the extent of their shareholding interest, is deemed to

be interested or concerned in the said resolution, being a Managing

Director of KPE.

The Board of Directors and Audit Committee recommends the

resolution set out at Item Nos. 7 of the Notice for approval of the

members of the Company.

None of the other Directors except Mrs. Bhadrabala Joshi and

Mrs. Venu Birappa, along with their relatives, being Non-Executive

Directors of KPI are also Non-Executive Directors of KPE or key

managerial personnel or their relatives, in anyway, concerned or

interested in the resolution, as set out in the Item No. 7 of this Notice.

For Item No. 8

Mr. Mohmed Sohil Yusufbhai Dabhoya, Whole Time Director, associated

with the Company for more than 14 years. During his tenure, he has

managed all levels of large-scale projects of the Company as well as of

the Group, including budgeting and administration of the same. In the

past years, Mr. Mohmed Sohil Yusufbhai Dabhoya has been effectively

headed the Marketing Department, Purchase Department, HR

Department and has also act as Business Development Officer, Public

Relation Officer, Sr. Vice President (Marketing) with the Company with

his problem-solving attitude along with a smart working mentality.

Currently, he is actively headed and supervised the Marketing

Department along with execution and operation part of the project

of the Company.

Considering his long and remarkable association with the Company

and rich experience in various fields, Mr. Mohmed Sohil Yusufbhai

Dabhoya appointed as Whole Time Director of the Company in its

Annual General Meeting held on September 28, 2019, in terms of

Section 197, 198, Schedule V and any other applicable provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013, and in terms of Regulation 17(6)(e) of

the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)

and at the terms and conditions as set out below:

REMUNERATION,

PERQUISITES,

ALLOWANCES

&

OTHER

BENEFITS:

•

Basic Salary: Not exceeding H 2,00,000/- (Rupees Two Lakhs

only) per month as may be decided by the Board of Directors

from time to time.

•

Perquisites: He shall be entitled to perquisites, allowances,

benefits, facilities and amenities (collectively called Perquisites)

such as medical reimbursement, leave travel assistance, House

Rent Allowance, City Compensatory Allowance and any other

perquisites as per the policy of the Company in force and/or as

may be approved by the Board from time to time.

•

In addition to the above, he shall be entitled to the allowance and

benefits as per the policy of the Company in force and/or as may

be approved by the Board from time to time, such as:

vi.

Company maintained car with driver.

vii. Company’s contribution to Provident Fund

viii. Payment of gratuity and other retirement benefits

ix.

Encashment of leave

x.

Personal Accident, Mediclaim and Life Insurance

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained,

where in any financial year, the company has no profits or its

profits are inadequate, the company will pay Mr. Mohmed Sohil

Yusufbhai Dabhoya, Whole Time Director of the company,

the remuneration by way of salary, perquisites, Allowances and

other benefits as specified above shall be within the maximum

permissible limits specified under Section II of Part II of Schedule

V of the Companies Act, 2013. The Whole Time Director shall also

be entitled to reimbursement of expenses actually incurred by

him for the business of the company. He shall not be paid any

sitting fees for attending meetings of the Board or Committee

thereof. Mr. Mohmed Sohil Yusufbhai Dabhoya, Whole

Time Director shall be liable to retire by rotation and fulfils the

conditions mentioned in Part I and Para B of Section II of Part II:

Managing Director and rich knowledge and experience of the

appointee, the remuneration is fully justifiable and comparable

to that prevailing in the industry.

7.

Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with the

company, or relationship with the managerial personnel or

other director, if any.

Besides the remuneration proposed, Mr. Mohmed Sohil

Yusufbhai Dabhoya does not have any pecuniary relationship

with the Company. Further, he is not related to any managerial

personnel or other director of the Company.

III. OTHER INFORMATION:

1.

Reasons of loss or inadequate profits: The Company does

not envisage any loss or inadequate profits during the tenure of

appointment of Mr. Mohmed Sohil Yusufbhai Dabhoya. However,

in the event of absence or inadequacy of profits in any financial

year, the remuneration payable to Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director of the Company:

Name of Director

Mr. Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel (DIN: 00414045)

Date of Birth

March 24, 1972

Date of Appointment

February 1, 2008

Qualifications

Diploma in Textile Engineering

Expertise in Specific functional areas

Mr. Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel is the Founder of KP Group and Promoter, Chairman

&: Managing

letter ref.

no. LO/Migration/VM/MIG-TP/112/2021-22 dated July 23, 2021

and NSE/LIST/C/2021/0515 dated July 23, 2021, respectively for

migration of the Equity Shares of the Company from the BSE

SME platform to main board of BSE Limited and National Stock

Exchange of India Limited respectively with effect from Tuesday,

July 27, 2021. The Annual listing fee for the year 2021-22 has been

paid to both the Exchanges.

9.

Change of Name of the Company:

During the year 2021-22, the shareholders of the Company

has approved the special resolution for Change of Name of

the Company by way of Postal Ballot on March 9, 2022 and the

application for Change of Name of the Company has also been

approved by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Registrar of

Companies, Ahmedabad (‘ROC’) on April 6, 2022. Accordingly,

the Company’s name has been changed from ‘K.P.I. Global

Infrastructure Limited’ to ‘KPI Green Energy Limited’ w.e.f. April

6, 2022. Further, both the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE and National

Stock Exchange of India (NSE) vide their: Letter / Notice dated

April 21, 2022 intimated the Trading Members of the Exchange

about the name and symbol change of the Company w.e.f. April

27, 2022.

10. Employee Stock Option Plan:

During the financial year 2021-22, your Company has not granted

any Stock Options under Employee Stock Option Scheme/

Employee Stock Purchase Scheme and there were no Stock

Options outstanding as on March 31, 2022. Hence there are

no disclosures provided, as required under Rule 12(9) of The

Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014.

11. Material changes and commitments affecting the

financial position of the Company:

During the financial year 2021-22, the financial assistance of H

193.50 (Rupees One Hundred Ninety-Three Crores and Fifty

Lakhs only) earlier availed by the Company from Power Finance

Corporation Limited (PFC), currently, which is amounting to H

178 Crores (Rupees One Hundred Seventy-Eight Crores only)

has entirely taken over by State Bank of India (SBI), Surat. It is

pertinent to note that the aforementioned financial assistance

availed from PFC was at the average interest rate of 11.30% p.a.,

which shall be substantially reduce to 7.45% p.a. post takeover

by SBI. The Company has availed immense financial benefit in

the Rate of Interest through this financial restructuring. Except

this, there have been no material changes and commitments

which affects the financial position of the Company which have

occurred between the end of the financial year to which the

Financial Statements relate and the date of this Report.

12. Directors and Key Managerial Personnel:

•

Board of Directors:

As on March 31, 2022, the Company has Six (6) Directors,

consisting of three (3) Independent Directors, one (1)

Non-Executive Directors and two (2) Executive Director

out of which one (1) is Whole Time Director and one (1) is

Managing Director nor the Whole-time

Directors of the Company receive any remuneration or

commission from any of its subsidiaries.:

Managing Director

Date: September 1, 2022

DIN: 07112947

DIN: 00414045

37. Acknowledgement:

The Directors would like to place on record the appreciation

for the continued co-operation and support received by the

Company during the year from bankers, financial institutions,

Government authorities, Regulatory Authorities, Customers

and Suppliers, Business Partners, Shareholders and other

Stakeholders and all persons who are directly or indirectly

associated with the company. The Directors also place on

record their sincere appreciation for the dedicated efforts and

consistent contribution made by the employees at all levels, to

ensure that the Company continues to grow and excel.:

letter ref. no.

LO/Migration/VM/MIG-TP/112/2021-22 dated July 23, 2021 and NSE/

LIST/C/2021/0515 dated July 23, 2021, respectively for migration of

the Equity Shares of the Company from the BSE SME platform to

main board of BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India

Limited respectively with effect from Tuesday, July 27, 2021.

We further report that, the consent of the members of the company

was accorded for Change of name of the Company by way of Postal

Ballot on March 9, 2022, moreover, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs,

Registrar of Companies, Ahmedabad (‘ROC’) has also approve the

application for change of name of the Company on April 6, 2022

and the name of the Company has been changed from ‘K.P.I. Global

Infrastructure Limited’ to ‘KPI Green Energy Limited’ w.e.f. April 6,

2022. Accordingly, both the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE and National

Stock Exchange of India (NSE) vide their: Letter / Notice dated April 21,

2022 intimated the Trading Members of the Exchange about the name

and symbol change of the Company w.e.f. April 27, 2022.

CS Janki Shah

Proprietress

SJV & Associates

Membership No.: ACS-29657

Place: Ahmedabad

C.P. No: 10836

Date: September 1, 2022

UDIN: A029657D000891133

This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as “Annexure 1” and forms an integral part of this report.

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on

these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records.

We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening

of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management.

Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

CS Janki Shah

Proprietress

SJV & Associates

Membership No.: ACS-29657

Place: Ahmedabad

C.P. No: 10836

Date: September 1, 2022

UDIN: A029657D000891133

“Annexure 1”:

Managing Director

Date: September 1, 2022

DIN: 07112947

DIN: 00414045:

Managing Director

Date: September 1, 2022

DIN: 07112947

DIN: 00414045:

Managing Director of

the Company is also a Director in K P

Buildcon Private Limited)

Purchase of

Goods or

Materials

NA

777.71

30.04.2021

NIL

2.

K P Buildcon Private Limited

(Mr. Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel,

Chairman &: Managing Director of

the Company is also a Director in K P

Buildcon Private Limited)

Sale of Goods or

Materials

NA

32.43

30.04.2021

NIL

3.

Sundrops Energia Pvt. Ltd.

(Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company)

Sale of Solar

Power Plant

NA

1513.60

30.04.2021

NIL

4.

Mr. Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel

(

Managing Director

Date: September 1, 2022

DIN: 07112947

DIN: 00414045:

Managing Director)

30.78 : 1

Mr. Moh. Sohil Yusuf Dabhoya

(Whole Time Director)

7.63 : 1

Name of Directors & KMP

Designation

% Increase

Mr. Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel

Chairman &: Managing Director

Nil

Mr. Moh. Sohil Yusuf Dabhoya

Whole Time Director

36.71%

Mr. Salim Suleman Yahoo*

Chief Financial Officer

Nil

Mr. Nirav Girishbhai Raval **

Chief Financial Officer

Nil

Ms. Rajvi Upadhyay

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

23.08%

(i) The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the

financial year 2021-22 and such other details as prescribed is as given below:

(ii) For this purpose, sitting fees paid to the directors has not been considered as remuneration. The percentage increase

in remuneration of each director, Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary or Manager, if any, in the financial year:

*resigned w.e.f. June 4, 2021

**appointed on August 3, 2021 & resigned on July 8, 2022

(iii) The Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year 2021-22: 22.03%

(iv) Number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2022: 128

(v) Average percentile increase already made in salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last

financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification

thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration:

The average percentage increase already made in the salary of the employees other than managerial personnel in the financial year 2021-22

is 20.26% whereas Remuneration of managerial personnel is increased by 29.33%.

(vi) The Company affirms remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.

For and on behalf of

KPI Green Energy Limited

(Formerly known as K.P.I. Global Infrastructure Limited)

Moh. Sohil Yusufbhai Dabhoya

Farukhbhai Gulambhai Patel

Place: Surat

Whole Time Director

letter of law but also from our inherent belief in doing

business the right way. As a good corporate citizen, the Company

lays great emphasis on a corporate culture of conscience,

integrity, fairness, transparency, accountability and responsibility

for efficient and ethical conduct of its business.

The Company has complied with all the requirements stipulated

under provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), as

applicable, with regard to Corporate Governance and listed

below is the status with regard to same.

2. Board of Directors:

a.

Composition of the Board:

The Company has a balanced Board with optimum

combination of Executive and Non-Executive Directors,

including independent Directors, who plays a crucial role

in Board processes and provides independent judgment on

issues of strategy and performance.

The Board comprises of 6 (Six) Directors as on March 31,

2022 out of which 2 (two) Directors are Executive Directors

includes the Chairman &: Managing Director and Whole-

time Director, 1 (One) Director is Non-Executive Director

and 3 (Three) Directors are Independent Directors.

There is no inter-se relationship between the directors of

the company. The maximum tenure of the independent

Directors is in compliance with the Companies Act, 2013.

Independent directors are Non-Executive directors as

defined under Regulation 16(1) (b) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations and Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013. All

the Independent Directors have confirmed that they meet

the criteria as mentioned under regulation 16(1)(b) of the

SEBI Listing Regulation and Section 149 of the Companies

Act, 2013.

The Independent Directors have included their names in

the data bank of Independent Directors maintained with the

Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs in terms of Section 150

of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment

& Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.

Listing Regulations, none of Company’s Director is a

member of more than 10 (ten) committees or acts as

an independent director in more than 7 (seven) listed

companies or chairperson of more than 5 (five) committees

(committees being, audit committee and stakeholders’

relationship committee) across all the companies in which

he/she is a Director. All the Directors have made necessary

disclosures regarding Committee positions held by them in

other companies and do not hold the office of Director in

more than 10 (ten) public companies as on March 31, 2022.

The details of the Board and the number of Directorships and Committee positions held by the Directors as on March 31, 2022 are as

under:

Sr.

No.

Name, Designation and DIN of

Directors

Category of

Directorship

Director ship

held in other

Companies#

Details of Membership and

Managing Director

Mrs. Bhadrabala Dhimant Joshi

K.P. Energy Limited

Chairperson & Non-Executive Director

Mr. Vendhan Ganesan Mudaliar*

K.P. Energy Limited

Independent & Non-Executive Director

b.

Board Meetings and Procedure:

The Board of Directors met 15 (Fifteen) times during the

financial year 2021-22. The meetings were held on April 30,

2021, May 29, 2021, June 28, 2021, August 3, 2021, August

14, 2021, August 31, 2021, September 22, 2021, October 6,

2021, November 2, 2021, November 26, 2021, December 23,

2021, January 17, 2022, February 1, 2022, February 14, 2022

and March 30, 2022. The maximum time gap between any

two consecutive meetings did not exceed 120 days. The

necessary quorum was present in all the meetings.

The Companies Act, 2013 read with the relevant rules made

thereunder, now facilitates the participation of a Director in

Board/Committee Meetings through video conferencing

or other audio visual mode. Accordingly, the option to

participate in the Meeting through video conferencing was

made available for the Directors.

* Mr. Vendhan Ganesan Mudaliar, Independent Director of the Company has resigned w.e.f. May 4, 2021 from KPI Green Energy Limited

During the year, the Board of Directors accepted all

recommendations of the Committees of the Board, which

were statutory in nature and required to be recommended

by the Committee and approved by the Board of Directors.

Hence, the Company is in compliance of condition of clause

10(j) of schedule V of the Listing Regulations.

During the year under review, the Board of Directors of the

Company has reviewed / adopted / revised various policies

like Corporate Social Responsibility policy, Nomination and

Remuneration Policy, Policy on Related Party Transaction,

Policy for determining material subsidiary, Code of Conduct to

regulate, monitor and report trading by insiders and also other

statutory policies to comply with the recent amendments in

the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Regulations; and also other

statutory policies. Accordingly, the updated policies are

uploaded on website of the Company.

The details of attendance of Directors at the Board Meetings and at the Annual General Meeting held on September 30, 2021, are as under:

Sr.

No.

Name of Director(s)

No. of Meetings

Attendance

at last AGM

Held during the tenure

Attended

1

Mr. Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel

15

15

Yes

2

Mr. Mohmed Sohil Yusufbhai Dabhoya

15

14

Yes

3

Mrs. Bhadrabala Dhimant Joshi

15

12

Yes

4

Mr. Lakshmana Rao Vaddi*

7

6

Yes

5

Mr. Vendhan Ganesan Mudaliar**

1

1

NA

6

Mr. Mohamed Hanif Mohamed Habib Dalchawal

15

12

Yes

7

Mrs. Venu Birappa$

11

10

Yes

8

Mr. Sharadchandra Babhutabhai Patil$$

8

8

NA

* Cessation w.e.f. October 5, 2021

** Cessation w.e.f. May 4, 2021

$ Appointed on August 3, 2021 in the Board Meeting of the Company and Regularized on Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September

30, 2021

$$ Appointed on October 6, 2021 in the Board Meeting of the Company and Regularized by way of postal ballot on March 9, 2022:

Managing Director)

✓

✓

✓

✓

Mr. Mohmed Sohil Yusufbhai Dabhoya

(Whole Time Director)

✓

✓

✓

✓

Mrs. Bhadrabala Dhimant Joshi

(Director)

✓

-

✓

✓

Mr. Lakshmana Rao Vaddi*

(Independent Director)

✓

✓

✓

✓

Mr. Vendhan Ganesan Mudaliar**

(Independent Director)

✓

✓

-

✓

Mr. Mohamed Habib Mohamed Habib

Dalchawal (Independent Director)

✓

✓

✓

-

Mrs. Venu Birappa$

(Independent Director)

✓

✓

-

✓

Mr. Sharadchandra Babhutabhai Patil$$

(Independent Director)

✓

-

✓

✓

Note - Each Director may possess varied combinations of skills/ expertise within the described set of parameters and it is not necessary that all

Directors possess all skills/ expertise listed therein.

* Cessation w.e.f. October 5, 2021

** Cessation w.e.f. May 4, 2021

$ Appointed on August 3, 2021 in the Board Meeting of the Company and Regularized on Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September

30, 2021

$$ Appointed on October 6, 2021 in the Board Meeting of the Company and Regularized by way of postal ballot on March 9, 2022

d.

Independent Directors’ familiarisation Programme:

As per the delegation given by the Board to the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee (NRC) of the Company,

consisting exclusively of Independent Directors, the NRC

screens and selects the suitable candidates, based on the

defined criteria and makes recommendations to the Board

on the induction of new directors. The Board appoints the

Director, subject to the shareholders’ approval.

All new directors are taken through a detailed induction

and familiarization program when they join the Board of

the Company. Details of familiarization program under

Regulations 25(7) and 46 of SEBI Listing Regulations to

Independent Directors are available on the website of the

Company

at

https://kpigreenenergy.com/Policies-

Disclosures.html

e.

Meeting of Independent Directors:

The Independent Directors met on March 30, 2022, without

the attendance of Non- Independent Directors and members

of the management. The Independent Directors reviewed the

performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board as

a whole, the performance of the Chairman of the Company,

taking into account the views of Executive Directors and Non-

Executive Directors and assessed the quality, quantity and

timeliness of flow of information between the Management

and the Board that is necessary for the Board to effectively

and reasonably perform their duties.:

letter dated May 4, 2021. The said

confirmation received has already been submitted to

stock exchanges on May 4, 2021.

b.

Mr. Lakshmana Rao Vaddi has tendered his resignation

from the position of the Independent Director of

the Company with effect from October 5, 2021. Mr.

Lakshmana Rao Vaddi has been associated with the

Company since July 9, 2019. He has resigned due to

pre-occupations. Further, the Company has received

confirmation from Mr. Vaddi that there are no other

material reasons for his resignation other than those

which is provided in the resignation: letter dated October

5, 2021. The said confirmation received has already been

submitted to stock exchanges on October 5, 2021.

i.

Remuneration to Directors:

The Nominations & Remuneration Committee determines

individual remuneration packages for Directors, KMPs

and Senior Officials of the Company taking into account

factors it deems relevant, including but not limited to

market, business performance and practices in comparable

companies, having due regard to financial and commercial

health of the Company as well as prevailing laws and

government/other guidelines. The Committee consults

with the

Managing Director

of the Company forms part of this Report. The Board has

also adopted separate code of conduct with respect to

duties of Independent Directors as per the provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013.

3.

Committees of Board:

The Board Committees plays a vital role in ensuring good corporate

governance practices. The Committees are formed to handle

specific activities and ensure the timely resolution of various

issues. The Board oversees and is accountable for the Committees’

performance in carrying out their responsibilities. The minutes of

all Committee meetings are presented to the Board for review. As

on March 31, 2022, the Board has following Committees:

a)

Audit Committee

b)

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

c)

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

d)

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

a)

Audit Committee:

The Audit Committee acts as a link between Management,

Statutory Auditors, Internal Auditors, and the Board in order

to oversee the Company’s financial reporting process. The

purpose of the Committee is to monitor the quality and

integrity of the accounting, auditing, and financial reporting

processes, including the review of internal audit reports and

action taken reports.

As on March 31, 2022, the Audit Committee comprise

solely of Independent Directors to enable independent

and transparent review of financial reporting process and

internal control mechanism with an objective to further

strengthen the confidence of all stakeholders.

i.

Brief Description of Terms of reference:

The powers, role and terms of reference of the Audit

Committee covers the areas as contemplated under

the SEBI Listing Regulations and Section 177 of the

Companies Act, 2013. The brief terms of reference of

Audit Committee are as under:

1)

Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting

process and the disclosure of its financial

information to ensure that the financial statement

is correct, sufficient and credible

2)

Recommendation for appointment, remuneration

and terms of appointment of auditors of the

Company

3)

Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any

other services rendered by the statutory auditors

4)

Reviewing, with the management, the annual

financial statements and auditor’s report thereon

before submission to the board for approval, with

particular reference to:

a.

Matters required to be included in the

Director’s Responsibility Statement to be

included in the Board’s report in terms of

Section 134(3)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013

b.

Changes, if any, in accounting policies and

practices and reasons for the same;

c.

Major accounting entries involving estimates

based on the exercise of judgment by

management

d.

Significant adjustments made in the financial

statements arising out of audit findings

e.

Compliance with listing and other legal

requirements relating to financial statements

f.

Disclosure of any related party transactions

g.

Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report

5)

reviewing, with the management, the quarterly

financial statements before submission to the

board for approval

6)

Reviewing, with the management, the statement

of uses / application of funds raised through an

issue (public issue, rights issue, preferential issue,

etc.), the statement of funds utilized for purposes

other than those stated in the offer document /

prospectus / notice and the report submitted by

the monitoring agency monitoring the utilisation

of proceeds of a public or rights issue, and making

appropriate recommendations to the board to

take up steps in this matter

7)

Reviewing

and

monitoring

the

auditor’s

independence

and

performance,

and

effectiveness of audit process;

8)

Approval or any subsequent modification of

transactions of the Company with related parties

9)

Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments

10) Valuation of undertakings or assets of the

Company, wherever it is necessary;

11) Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk

management systems;

12) Reviewing, with the management, performance

of statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of the

internal control systems;

13) Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function,

if any, including the structure of the internal audit:

Managing Director(s) and Whole-time Director(s)/

Executive Director(s) based on their performance

8)

To carry out any other function as is mandated

by the Board from time to time and/or enforced

by any statutory notification, amendment or

modification, as may be applicable.

9)

To perform such other functions as may be

necessary or appropriate for the performance of

its duties.

10) To recommend to the board, all remuneration, in

whatever form, payable to senior management.

ii.

Meeting, Attendance & Composition of Nomination

& Remuneration Committee:

During the financial year 2021-22, Meeting of Nomination

& Remuneration Committee was held five times on

June 28, 2021, August 3, 2021, August 31, 2021, October

6, 2021, and February 1, 2022. The Composition of the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee and details of

attendance of the members at the committee meetings

during the year are given below:

Name & Designation of Members

Category

No. of Meetings

Held During the

tenure

Attended

Mr. Vendhan Ganesan Mudaliar, Chairman*

Independent & Non-Executive Director

-

-

Mr. Mohamed Hanif Mohamed Habib

Dalchawal, Chariman**

Independent & Non-Executive Director

5

5

Mr. Lakshmana Rao Vaddi, Member***

Independent & Non-Executive Director

3

3

Mrs. Bhadrabala Dhimantrai Joshi,

Member#

Non-Executive Director

2

2

Mrs. Venu Birappa, Member##

Independent & Non-Executive Director

3

3

Mr. Sharadchandra B Patil, Member ###

Independent & Non-Executive Director

2

2

* Ceased as a Chairman w.e.f. May 4, 2021

** Appointed as Chairman w.e.f. May 29, 2021, earlier he was member of the committee.

*** Ceased as a member w.e.f. October 5, 2021

# Appointed as member w.e.f. May 29, 2021 and ceased as a member w.e.f. August 3, 2021

## Appointed as member w.e.f. August 3, 2021

### Appointed as member w.e.f. October 6, 2021:

Managing Director

2

2

Mrs. Bhadrabala Dhimant Joshi,

Member

Non-Executive Director

2

2

Mrs. Venu Birappa, Member**

Independent & Non-Executive Director

1

1

* ceased to be a member w.e.f. August 3, 2021

** appointed as member w.e.f. August 3, 2021.

The Board review the minutes of the CSR Committee Meetings at its subsequent meetings. The Committee’s constitution and terms of

reference meet with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013.

4. Whistle Blower Policy:

The Company has adopted a Whistle Blower Policy and has established the necessary vigil mechanism for its employees and Directors to

report concerns about unethical improper activity and financial irregularities. No person has been denied access to the Chairman of the

Audit Committee. The said policy is uploaded on the website of the Company at https://www.kpigreenenergy.com/policies-disclosures.

html.

5.

General Body Meetings:

a.

Annual General Meetings:

The date, time and location of the Annual General Meetings held during the preceding 3 (three) financial years and special resolutions

passed thereat are as follows:

AGM

Financial

Year

Date

Location of Meeting

Time

No. of special

resolutions passed

13th

2020-21

September 30, 2021

Through Video Conferencing /

Other Audio Visual Means

11.00 am

2

12th

2019-20

September 29, 2020

Through Video Conferencing /

Other Audio Visual Means

11.00 am

4

11th

2018-19

September 28, 2019

Topaz Hall, 1st Floor, The Grand

Bhagwati, Magdalla Road, Dumas

Road, Surat- 395007, Gujarat

3.00 pm

5

All the resolutions proposed by the Directors to shareholders in last three years are approved by shareholders with requisite majority.

Voting results of the last AGM is available on the website of the Company at: https://www.kpigreenenergy.com/stock-exchange-

submissions.html

b.

Whether special resolutions were put through postal ballot last year, details of voting pattern: Yes

During the year under review, three special resolutions was passed by means of postal ballot, the details of which are as follows:

1.

Change of name of the Company from K.P.I. Global Infrastructure Limited to KPI Green Energy Limited:

Resolution required: (Ordinary / Special)

Special- Change of name of the Company from K.P.I. Global

Infrastructure Limited to KPI Green Energy Limited

Whether promoter/promoter group are interested in

the agenda/resolution?

No:

letter ref. no. LO/Migration/VM/

MIG-TP/112/2021-22 dated July 23, 2021 and NSE/LIST/C/2021/0515 dated July 23, 2021, respectively for migration of the Equity

Shares of the Company from the BSE SME platform to main board of BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited

respectively with effect from Tuesday, July 27, 2021. The Annual listing fee for the year 2021-22 has been paid to both the Exchanges.

2.

During the year 2021-22, the shareholders of the Company has approved the special resolution for Change of Name of the Company

by way of Postal Ballot on March 9, 2022 and the application for Change of Name of the Company has also been approved by the

Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Registrar of Companies, Ahmedabad (‘ROC’) on April 6, 2022. Accordingly, the Company's name has

been changed from ‘K.P.I. Global Infrastructure Limited’ to ‘KPI Green Energy Limited’ w.e.f. April 6, 2022. Further, both the Stock

Exchanges i.e. BSE and National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) vide their: Letter / Notice dated April 21, 2022 intimated the Trading

Members of the Exchange about the name and symbol change of the Company w.e.f. April 27, 2022.

Annual listing fees for the financial year 2022-23 have been paid by the Company to both the exchanges.

i.

Market Price Data:

Source: This information is compiled from the data available on the websites of BSE and NSE

h.

Listing on Stock Exchanges:The Equity shares of the Company are listed with the following stock exchanges:

Managing Director of the Company have

furnished a Certificate to the Board, for the year ended on

March 31, 2022 and the same is attached to this Report.

They have also provided quarterly certificates on financial

results while placing the same before the Board pursuant to

Regulation 33 of SEBI Listing Regulations.

d) Subsidiary Companies:

The Company does not have any material unlisted Indian

subsidiary company. The Company has a policy for

determining ‘material subsidiaries’ which is uploaded on the

website of the Company at https://kpigreenenergy.com/

Policies-Disclosures.html.

e) Certification on Non-disqualification any directors:

The Company has obtained a certificate from M/s SJV &

Associates, Practising Company Secretaries confirming

that none of the Directors of the Company is debarred or

disqualified by the Securities and Exchange Board of India

/ Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such authority from

being appointed or continuing as Director of the Company

and the same is also attached to this Report.

f)

Details of utilization of funds raised through

preferential

allotment

or

qualified

institutions

placement as specified under Regulation 32(7A): Not

Applicable

g) Where the board has not accepted any recommendation:

Not Applicable:

Managing Director

Date: September 1, 2022

DIN: 07112947

DIN: 00414045:

Managing Director (‘CMD’) of the Company do hereby certify to the Board that:

A.

We have reviewed the financial statements including the cash flow statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2022 and to the

best of my knowledge and belief:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be

misleading;

(ii) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing Accounting

Standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year ended March 31, 2022 are fraudulent,

illegal or violation of the Company’s code of conduct.

C.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal control system and that we have evaluated the effectiveness of internal

control systems of the Company and we have disclosed to the auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of

internal control system, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

D.

We further certify that we have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee, that

(i)

there have been no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting system during the year;

(ii) there have been no significant changes in accounting policies during the year except for the changes disclosed in the notes to the

financial statements, if any; and

(iii) there have been no instances of significant fraud, of which we have become aware, involving management or an employee having a

significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Place: Surat

Faruk G. Patel

Date: September 1, 2022

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director)

(Whole Time Director)

M. NO. 101413

DIN : 00414045

DIN : 07112947

ICAI UDIN : 22101413AIJQNS2849

Rajvi Upadhyay

Nirav G. Raval

(Company Secretary)

(Chief Financial Officer)

Place : Surat

Place : Surat

Date : May 3, 2022

Date : May 3, 2022:

Managing Director)

(Whole Time Director)

M. NO. 101413

DIN : 00414045

DIN : 07112947

ICAI UDIN : 22101413AIJQNS2849

Rajvi Upadhyay

Nirav G. Raval

(Company Secretary)

(Chief Financial Officer)

Place : Surat

Place : Surat

Date : May 3, 2022

Date : May 3, 2022

Standalone Profit and Loss

For the year ended 31st March, 2022

* Figures are in absolute amount.:

Managing Director)

(Whole Time Director)

M. NO. 101413

DIN : 00414045

DIN : 07112947

ICAI UDIN : 22101413AIJQNS2849

Rajvi Upadhyay

Nirav G. Raval

(Company Secretary)

(Chief Financial Officer)

Place : Surat

Place : Surat

Date : May 3, 2022

Date : May 3, 2022:

Managing Director)

(Whole Time Director)

M. NO. 101413

DIN : 00414045

DIN : 07112947

ICAI UDIN : 22101413AIJQNS2849

Rajvi Upadhyay

Nirav G. Raval

(Company Secretary)

(Chief Financial Officer)

Place : Surat

Place : Surat

Date : May 3, 2022

Date : May 3, 2022

Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity

For year ended 31st March, 2022

A. Equity Share Capital

B. Other Equity:

letter obtained from Bank.

B. Hypothecation of entire plant and

machinery of the company both present

and future.

C. Pledge of 48,55,039 equity shares of Mr.

Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel as a colleteral

security.

D. Personal guarantee of Mr. Farukbhai

Gulambhai Patel, Sohil Dabhoya, Rashida

Patel and Gulam Ahmed patel.

E. Corporate guarantee of M/s Faaiz Money

Changer Private Limited.

F. Charge on immovable property of M/s Faaiz

Money Changer Private Limited.

G. Hypothecation of movable properties and

assets, including plant and machinery,

machinery spares, furniture, fixtures,

vehicles and all other movable assets,

intangible assets, uncalled capital relating to

25MW project.

H. Charge on the operating cash flows, book

debts, receivables, revenues, etc.

I.

Charge on the Debt Service Reserve

Account, TRA, any: letter of credit, and any

other bank accounts.

J.

Charge on Fixed Deposit of Rs. 3.16 Crore

State Bank of India

7400.00

6 Months

MCLR +

0.5%

129

57.00

State Bank of India

7600.00

6 Months

MCLR +

0.5%

150

127.00

21. Lease liabilities

(All the figures are in Lakhs)

Particulars

31/03/2022

31/03/2021

01/04/2020

Lease Liability KP House

424.20

425.32

409.88

Lease Liability Plot

7879.01

7484.90

7133.55

Lease Liability Land

2460.71

-

-

10763.93

7910.22

7543.42

The birfurcation of lease liability into Current and Non-current is not ascertainable as on the date of Balance sheet and hence the entire lease

liability has been classified as non-current liability.

Managing Director

Mohmed Sohil Yusuf Dabhoya

Whole Time Director

Bhadrabala Dhimantraj Joshi

Director

Rajvi Vinodchandra Upadhyay

Company Secretary

Nirav Girishbhai Raval

Chief Financial Officer

Key Management Personnel

46. Related Party Transactions (Contd..)

The details of amounts due to or due from related parties as at March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021

(All the figures are in Lakhs)

Particulars

As at

31st March, 2022

As at

31st March, 2021

Managerial Remuneration Payable

Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel

4.13

5.34

Mohmed Sohil Yusuf Dabhoya

0.96

0.85

Rajvi Vinodchandra Upadhyay

0.44

0.34

Nirav Girishbhai Raval

1.26

-

Salim Suleman Yahoo

-

1.00

Unsecured Loan

Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel

-

256.60

Loan Given

Rajvi Vinodchandra Upadhyay

3.75

1.37

Salim Suleman Yahoo

-

5.00

KPIG Energia Pvt. Ltd.

-

376.81

Sundrops Energia Pvt. Ltd.

-

350.45

Sundry Creditor

K. P. Buildcon Private Limited

6.20

-686.39

KP Energy Limited

-

-5.34

Advance to Suppliers

K. P. Buildcon Private Limited

17.61

-

KP Energy Limited

2.26

-

Deemed Investments

KPIG Energia Pvt. Ltd.

2066.27

-

Sundrops Energia Pvt. Ltd.

730.57

-

Advance given for purchase of land

Farukbhai Gulambhai patel

-

266.15

Sitting Fees Payable

Bhadrabala Dhimantraj Joshi

0.38

-

The details of the related-party transactions entered into by the company, for the years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 are

as follows :

Particulars

Year ended

31st March, 2022

Year ended

31st March, 2021

Deposit Received

Quyosh Energia Private Limited

-

40.00

Kpark Sunbeat Private Limited

40.00

40.00

Kpgenix Sunray Private Limited

-

40.00

Kpig Renewables Private Limited

-

40.00

Kp Sor-Urja Limited

-

40.00

Kpev Charging Private Limited

-

40.00

Deposit Returned:

Managing Director)

(Whole Time Director)

M. NO. 101413

DIN : 00414045

DIN : 07112947

ICAI UDIN : 22101413AIJQNS2849

Rajvi Upadhyay

Nirav G. Raval

(Company Secretary)

(Chief Financial Officer)

Place : Surat

Place : Surat

Date : May 3, 2022

Date : May 3, 2022:

Managing Director)

(Whole Time Director)

M. NO. 101413

DIN : 00414045

DIN : 07112947

ICAI UDIN : 22101413AIJQSZ6981

Rajvi Upadhyay

Nirav G. Raval

(Company Secretary)

(Chief Financial Officer)

Place : Surat

Place : Surat

Date : May 3, 2022

Date : May 3, 2022:

Managing Director)

(Whole Time Director)

M. NO. 101413

DIN : 00414045

DIN : 07112947

ICAI UDIN : 22101413AIJQSZ6981

Rajvi Upadhyay

Nirav G. Raval

(Company Secretary)

(Chief Financial Officer)

Place : Surat

Place : Surat

Date : May 3, 2022

Date : May 3, 2022

Consolidated Profit and Loss

For the year ended 31st March, 2022

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

Note

No.

For the year ended

31st March,2022

For the year ended

31st March,2021

I.

Revenue from operation

29

22994.11

10350.21

II. Other Income

30

157.58

43.53

III. Total Income (I+II)

23151.69

10393.73

IV. Expenses

a) cost of materials consumed

31

9141.16

2260.71

b) purchase of stock-in-trade

32

339.30

272.22

c) Changes in inventories of finished goods, Stock-in-Trade and work-in-

progress

33

-70.36

-81.80

d) Employee benefits expense

34

426.11

169.16

e) Finance costs

35

3693.32

2506.18

f) Depreciation and amortization expenses

36

1406.01

1647.14

g) Other expenses

37

2268.68

1358.06

Total expenses (IV)

17204.21

8131.67

V. Profit/(loss) before exceptional items and tax (I-IV)

5947.48

2262.06

VI. Exceptional Items

38

11.45

11.40

VII. Profit/(loss) after exceptions items and tax (V-VI)

5936.03

2250.66

VIII. Tax expenses

a) Current tax

b) Deferred tax

39

1611.50

815.19

IX. Profit/(loss) for the period from continuing operations (VII-VIII)

4324.53

1435.47

X. Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations

-

-

XI. Tax expenses of discontinued operations

-

-

XII. Profit(loss) from discontinued operations (after tax) (X-XI)

-

-

XIII. Profit/(loss) for the period (IX+XII)

4324.53

1435.47

XIV. Other Comprehensive income

a) (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

40

1.49

8.78

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or

loss

41

-0.37

-2.21

b) (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

-

-

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

-

-

XV. Total Comprehensive Income for the period (13+14) comprising Profit/(loss)

and other comprehensive income for the period

4323.42

1428.90

XVI. Earnings per equity share (for continuing operation)

a) Basic*

23.93

7.91

b) Diluted*

23.93

7.91

* Figures are in absolute amount.:

Managing Director)

(Whole Time Director)

M. NO. 101413

DIN : 00414045

DIN : 07112947

ICAI UDIN : 22101413AIJQSZ6981

Rajvi Upadhyay

Nirav G. Raval

(Company Secretary)

(Chief Financial Officer)

Place : Surat

Place : Surat

Date : May 3, 2022

Date : May 3, 2022:

Managing Director)

(Whole Time Director)

M. NO. 101413

DIN : 00414045

DIN : 07112947

ICAI UDIN : 22101413AIJQSZ6981

Rajvi Upadhyay

Nirav G. Raval

(Company Secretary)

(Chief Financial Officer)

Place : Surat

Place : Surat

Date : May 3, 2022

Date : May 3, 2022

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For year ended 31st March, 2022

(All the figures are in Lakhs)

Particulars

Amount

Balance as at 31st march, 2020

1806.70

Changes in Equity Share Capital during the year

-

Balance as at 31st march, 2021

1806.70

Changes in Equity Share Capital during the year

-

Balance as at 31st march, 2022

1806.70

A. Equity Share Capital

(All the figures are in Lakhs)

Particulars

Reserves and Surplus

Items of Other

Comprehensive

Income

Total

Securities

Premium

General

Reserve

Capital

Reserve

Retained

Earnings

Acturial Gains

and Losses

Balance as at 1st April, 2020

5139.40

-

-

2855.12

-

7994.52

Profit for the year

-

-

-

1435.47

-

1435.47

Other Comprehensive Income for the year

-

-

-

-

-8.78

-8.78

Tax impact of items not classified to statement of

profit and loss

-

-

-

-

2.21

2.21

Balance as at 31st March, 2021

5139.40

-

-

4290.59

-6.57

9423.42

Profit for the year

-

-

-

4324.53

-

4324.53

Dividend Distributed

-

-

-

-179.98

-

-179.98

Other Comprehensive Income for the year

-

-

-

-

-1.49

-1.49

Tax impact of items not classified to statement of

profit and loss

-

-

-

-

0.37

0.37

Balance as at 31st March, 2022

5139.40

-

-

8435.14

-7.69

13566.86

B. Other Equity:

letter obtained from Bank.

B. Hypothecation of entire plant and machinery

of the company both present and future.

C. Pledge of 48,55,039 equity shares of Mr.

Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel as a colleteral security.

D. Personal guarantee of Mr. Farukbhai

Gulambhai Patel, Sohil Dabhoya, Rashida

Patel and Gulam Ahmed patel.

E. Corporate guarantee of M/s Faaiz Money

Changer Private Limited.

F. Charge on immovable property of M/s Faaiz

Money Changer Private Limited.

G. Hypothecation of movable properties and

assets, including plant and machinery,

machinery spares, furniture, fixtures, vehicles

and all other movable assets, intangible assets,

uncalled capital relating to 25MW project.

H. Charge on the operating cash flows, book

debts, receivables, revenues, etc.

I.

Charge on the Debt Service Reserve

Account, TRA, any: letter of credit, and any

other bank accounts.

J.

Charge on Fixed Deposit of Rs. 3.16 Crore

State Bank of India

7400.00

6 Months

MCLR +

0.5%

129

57.00

State Bank of India

7600.00

6 Months

MCLR +

0.5%

150

127.00

19. Borrowings (Contd..)

letter

obtained from Bank.

B. Hypothecation of entire plant and

machinery of the company comprising of

solar plants.

C. Personal guarantee of Mr. Farukbhai

Gulambhai Patel and Sohil Dabhoya.

D. Corporate guarantee of KPI Green Energy

Limited.

E. Pledge of 51 % of Shares of KPIG Energia Pvt.

Ltd. held by KPI Green Energy Limited.

State Bank of India

2300.00

MCLR- 6

Month

+3.25 %

114

20.00

State Bank of India

2301.00

EBLR- 3

Month +

2.75%

120

19.18 A. Mortgage of Immovable properties in the

form of various lands as per Sanction: letter

obtained from Bank.

B. Hypothecation of entire plant and

machinery of the company comprising of

solar plants.

C. Personal guarantee of Mr. Farukbhai

Gulambhai Patel and Sohil Dabhoya.

D. Corporate guarantee of KPI Green Energy

Limited.

E. Pledge of 30% of shares of Sun Drops Energia

Pvt. Ltd. held by KPI Green Energy Ltd.

19. Borrowings (Contd..)

The birfurcation of lease liability into Current and Non-current is not ascertainable as on the date of Balance sheet and hence the entire lease

liability has been classified as non-current liability.

21. Other financial liabilities

(All the figures are in Lakhs)

Particulars

31/03/2022

31/03/2021

01/04/2020

Other Long Term Liabilities

Bondada Engineering Private Limited

50.00

50.00

50.00

Mafatlal industries

-

-

11.00

Solarsquare Energy Private Limited

-

-

50.00

Tierra Manpower & Consultancy Private Limited

-

-

0.06

50.00

50.00

111.06

Managing Director

Mohmed Sohil Yusuf Dabhoya

Whole Time Director

Bhadrabala Dhimantraj Joshi

Director

Rajvi Vinodchandra Upadhyay

Company Secretary

Nirav Girishbhai Raval

Chief Financial Officer

(All the figures are in Lakhs)

Particulars

As at

31st March, 2022

As at

31st March, 2021

Managerial Remuneration Payable

Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel

4.13

5.34

Mohmed Sohil Yusuf Dabhoya

0.96

0.85

Rajvi Vinodchandra Upadhyay

0.44

0.34

Nirav Girishbhai Raval

1.26

-

Salim Suleman Yahoo

-

1.00

Unsecured Loan

Farukbhai Gulambhai Patel

-

256.60

Loan Given

Rajvi Vinodchandra Upadhyay

3.75

1.37

Salim Suleman Yahoo

-

5.00

Sundry Creditor

K. P. Buildcon Private Limited

7.63

-686.39

KP Energy Limited

-

-5.34

Advance to Suppliers

K. P. Buildcon Private Limited

26.76

-

KP Energy Limited

2.26

-

Advance given for purchase of property

Farukbhai Gulambhai patel

-

266.15

K. P. Buildcon Private Limited

250.00

-

Sitting Fees Payable

Bhadrabala Dhimantraj Joshi

0.38

-

46. Related Party Transactions (Contd..)

Name of Entity

Nature of Relationship

K.P Energy Mahua Windfarms Private Limited

Entity in which KMP is having controlling interest

Wind Farm Developers Private Limited

Entity in which KMP is having controlling interest

Ungarn Renewable Energy Private Limited

Entity in which KMP is having controlling interest

Evergreen Mahuva Windfarms Private Limited

Entity in which KMP is having controlling interest

Hgv Dtl Transmission Projects Private Limited

Entity in which KMP is having controlling interest

Vg Dtl Transmission Projects Private Limited

Entity in which KMP is having controlling interest

Kp Energy Oms Limited

Entity in which KMP is having controlling interest

Mahuva Power Infra LLP

Entity in which KMP is having controlling interest

Manar Power Infra LLP

Entity in which KMP is having controlling interest

Miyani Power Infra LLP

Entity in which KMP is having controlling interest

Belampar Power Infra LLP

Entity in which KMP is having controlling interest

Hajipir Renewable Energy LLP

Entity in which KMP is having controlling interest

Vanki Renewable Energy LLP

Entity in which KMP is having controlling interest

Key Management Personnel

The details of amounts due to or due from related parties as at March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021:

Managing Director)

(Whole Time Director)

M. NO. 101413

DIN : 00414045

DIN : 07112947

ICAI UDIN : 22101413AIJQSZ6981

Rajvi Upadhyay

Nirav G. Raval

(Company Secretary)

(Chief Financial Officer)

Place : Surat

Place : Surat

Date : May 3, 2022

Date : May 3, 2022:

