Managing Director

Businesses, LN Mahluza Chief People Officer, *N Sing Chief Risk Officer, AP Theophanides Chief Sustainability Officer,

*NA le Riche Chief Growth Officer, *ML Tshabalala Audit & Assurance, AM Babu Consulting, TA Odukoya Financial Advisory,

G Rammego Risk Advisory, DI Kubeka Tax & Legal, DP Ndlovu Chair of the Board

A full list of partners and directors is available on request

*

Partner and Registered Auditor

B-BBEE rating: Level 1 contribution in terms of the DTI Generic Scorecard as per the amended Codes of Good Practice

Associate of Deloitte Africa, a Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited

AGM

LA

1

AECI LIMITED INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

VALUE CREATION

AND PRESERVATION

GOVERNANCE

CREATING A BETTER WORLD

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

OVERVIEW:

Dear stakeholders

A century of AECI

In March 1924, African Explosives and Industries was

registered in South Africa and 20 years later, Chemicals

was added to its name. Not only was a great company

born but so too a legacy that would stand the test of

time. Very few companies in the world today can boast

such a long history and demonstrable endurance.

AECI was established in the aftermath of a terrible world

war and, as we look to ushering in our second century, we

find ourselves again in a world of uncertainty. Next year,

from the company’s perspective, we will pause to reflect

on a century filled with a number of achievements,

challenges, triumphs and misfortunes. We will embark

on the next 100 years with a determined approach and

better equipped to grow in directions that our founders

would be extremely proud of.

Today, AECI is represented in 22 countries globally; in

Africa, North and South America, Europe and Asia-

Pacific; and it all started in Modderfontein with our South

African-grown products and expertise. The group is at an

inflection point, undergoing profound change and driven

by the desire to accelerate our growth trajectory and

continue to create sustainable value for all stakeholders.

A new century of possibilities

The AECI board has been substantially transformed and includes world-class

non-executive directors drawn from six nationalities, representing a broad spectrum of

skills and experiences fit for the group’s growth strategy.

Our existing culture with the typical attributes of a strong South African enterprise will

evolve over time into a culture that fully embraces the attributes of a global company.

Since I joined the board of directors six years ago, it has been satisfying to see AECI

continue its evolution into a company that has a united focus and a singular identity,

a clear brand and a strong operating model. From this vantage point, opportunities for

modernising and broadening the culture of the group are being well harnessed. The One

AECI purpose is evident across our assets, with commonality in digitalisation, customer

approach and the elevation of Zero Harm and sustainability imperatives, including ESG,

across all regions.

2022 in review

Looking back, I am particularly pleased by the progress made over the years in advancing

towards Zero Harm. After a record workplace safety performance in 2021, we did even

better in 2022 with an even lower Total Recordable Incident Rate. Having said this, on

8 March 2023 my fellow board members and I learned, regretfully, of the tragic passing

of a contract employee at AECI Mining in Ghana. The full board and management join

me in expressing our sincere condolences to the family, friends and colleagues of the

deceased. Appropriate actions have been taken by management to offer support and

ensure that an incident of this nature is prevented in the future.

In 2022, we cemented significant strides we made in sustainability and continued to

progress the realisation of our related goals; see pages 15 and 44 as well as our SR .

Here I should acknowledge not only AECI’s people, including management, but also the

broader civil society in supporting the delivery of a sustainable future for our children and

grandchildren. We still have a long road to travel but I firmly believe that we are headed in

the right direction.

The last few years have been very testing for people and economies everywhere, yet

AECI again delivered solid results on various fronts and gives me the sense that our value

proposition will remain strong for years to come.

Our strong financial performance for the year was bolstered by market share gains,

and further supported by high input chemical commodity prices, reconfirming the

fundamental value of the group’s four key operating business segments.

27

AECI LIMITED INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

OVERVIEW

VALUE CREATION

AND PRESERVATION

GOVERNANCE

CREATING A BETTER WORLD

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:

Dear stakeholders

Our Zero Harm focus

Our Zero Harm journey remains well on track. Having

said this, unfortunately and very tragically, I must report

the work-related death of a contract employee in Ghana,

in March 2023.

This incident is a sober reminder to each of us about the

importance of being laser-focused on creating a safe

environment for all our people. As a board and

the executive team, we extent our deepest condolences

to the family, friends and co-workers of our colleague.

At all levels in AECI, including board oversight level,

safety, health and risk mitigation remain at the forefront

of our efforts across every aspect of the business.

The company has a proud history in this area and we

remain firmly committed to further improvements in all

regions, all time zones and all cultures where we operate.

2022, a transformational year

Since joining this exciting company as an independent

non-executive director (INED) in July 2022, I have been

fortunate to witness a wonderful transformation on many fronts at AECI.

During the year the company changed its executive leadership team at the highest level,

which will culminate with the new CE taking up the role on 1 May 2023. My time as

interim CE can only be described as extremely fortunate, allowing me to experience

first-hand the wonderful momentum existing throughout the group.

A definitive can-do attitude is emerging in areas of ESG, health and safety, financial

acumen, regional growth and most of all in establishing a strong and resilient culture.

In many of these areas we have witnessed record achievements, and although our priority

is sustainable growth and not records, our successes in 2022 validated our strategy.

As much as the business as a whole and its constituent operating business segments

individually are focused on creating great financial value for shareholders, they’re equally

motivated to deliver environmental and social benefits.

Business performance review

Our 2022 financial performance was strong, whether measured by growth in revenue,

EBITDA or headline earnings per share. We saw solid contributions from AECI Mining,

AECI Water and AECI Agri Health. Most pleasing was increased sales and strong

market-share gains in a number of businesses, in a very challenging environment.

Our teams have continued to expand their presence into new jurisdictions or markets;

we are now focused on unlocking future value by optimising existing businesses and

accelerating the growth momentum.

AECI Mining achieved a record performance. Revenue increased by 51% to

R 18 096 million (2021: R 11 969 million) on the back of strong market share gains,

export growth in mining chemicals and increased chemical commodity prices.

In line with the segment’s growth strategy, 67% (2021: 64%) of the total revenue was

generated outside of South Africa. EBIT for the segment increased by 36% to

R 1 743 million (2021: R 1 277 million) and EBITDA by 29% to R 2 342 million

(2021: R 1 814 million). The EBIT margin was 10% compared to 11% in 2021, primarily

as a consequence of ammonia prices which were, on average in the South African

Rand terms, 116% higher year-on-year. Capex spend of R 582 million was invested,

R 204 million was for growth projects primarily in Botswana, Australia and Chile in line

with our growth strategy.

AECI Water revenue was 31% higher at R 2 018 million (2021: R 1 541 million) following

market share gains in public water as well as higher demand from existing customers in the

industrial sector. Sales to the oil and refining sector grew by 14% and exports to other

African countries also improved, in line with the segment’s diversification strategy. Public

water customers accounted for 43% of total revenue, up from 34% in 2021, and this

market sector sales mix had a negative EBIT effect. Furthermore, it was not possible to

From our

interim CE

Our greatest achievement in 2022 was our safety, health and

environmental performance, with year-on-year improvement

in all categories. Most pleasing were increased sales and strong

market-share gains in a number of businesses, in a very challenging

environment. While the environment remains challenging,

we continue to see potential growth opportunities in the countries

and markets where we operate.

33

AECI LIMITED INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

OVERVIEW

VALUE CREATION

AND PRESERVATION

GOVERNANCE

CREATING A BETTER WORLD

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:

Dear stakeholders

Since joining the group, I have been focused on

determining the key aspects of our business which, going

forward, will maximise shareholder value amidst difficult

operating conditions. This being said, I am assured of the

fierce commitment of the teams in all operations globally,

to build the AECI of the future.

Our results for 2022 reflected the group’s resilience

inherent in our diverse portfolio of assets as well as the

proactive steps taken by management to improve and

bolster performance.

Solid performance from core

businesses despite AECI Schirm

Germany write-off

Revenue increased by 37% to R 35 583 million

(2021: R 26 053 million), driven up by significantly

improved sales at AECI Mining, AECI Water and

AECI Agri Health. Earnings before interest and tax

(EBIT) plateaued, however, at R 2 047 million

(2021: R 2 052 million), impacted by a disappointing

performance by the AECI Schirm Germany business

which incurred an operating loss of R 228 million.

This triggered an impairment of property, plant and

equipment (PPE) of R 445 million.

Consequently, group earnings per share (EPS) declined by 22% to 878 cents. Headline

EPS (HEPS), adjusted for impairments as well as profits and surpluses on disposals,

increased by 15% to 1 287 cents. Cash generated from operations increased by 17% to

R 3 840 million (2021: R 3 289 million).

Performance summary

R million (unless stated otherwise)

2022

2021

% change

Revenue

35 583

26 053

37

EBITDA

3 570

3 091

16

EBITDA margin (%)

10

12

-2

Depreciation and amortisation

1 026

1 032

1

EBIT

2 047

2 052

–

EBIT margin (%)

6

8

-2

Net profit after tax

956

1 210

-21

Earnings per share (EPS) (cents)

878

1 125

-22

Headline earnings per share (HEPS)

(cents)

1 287

1 116

15

Cash generated from operations

3 840

3 289

17

AECI Schirm

With both a strong clientele and management team in place, the USA business, of AECI

Schirm delivered to expectations, with EBIT up 31% to R 101 million as sales increased

on the back of continued growth in demand for agrochemicals.

The financial performance of AECI Schirm Germany weakened as operating costs

rose and revenue declined on poor demand from the automotive and chemicals

manufacturing sectors.

In 2022, AECI produced strong financial results despite a tough

operating environment that included high inflation, subdued global

growth and structurally elevated commodity prices.

EBIT: Earnings before interest and taxation is defined as profit before interest, taxation

and share of profit of equity-accounted investees, net of taxation

EBITDA: Earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation calculated as

profit from operations and equity-accounted investees plus depreciation, amortisation

and impairments. EBITDA is not audited by the company’s external auditor

41

AECI LIMITED INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

OVERVIEW

VALUE CREATION

AND PRESERVATION

GOVERNANCE

CREATING A BETTER WORLD

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:

Dear stakeholders

51

AECI LIMITED INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

OVERVIEW

VALUE CREATION

AND PRESERVATION

GOVERNANCE

CREATING A BETTER WORLD

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:

