Letter from the Chairmen of the Remuneration &

Nomination Committee: Dear shareholders

On behalf of the Committees, we present the FY2022 remuneration

report. This report highlights Afrimat’s remuneration philosophy and

policy and illustrates how the policy has been implemented,

disclosing payments made to non-executive and executive directors

during the year.

In line with King IV Code on Corporate Governance for South Africa,

and our commitment to fair and responsible remuneration, our

policies are reviewed annually to ensure that Group remuneration and

recruitment is aligned with the overall business strategy, with the aim

of enabling Afrimat to attract and retain personnel who will create

long-term value for all stakeholders.

The Company is committed to shareholder engagement on its

remuneration policy and its consistent implementation in order to

maintain a strong relationship with our shareholders. We will continue

to improve policies and practices to be aligned with remuneration

developments in local and global best practices but also more

importantly aligned with Afrimat’s strategy and values.

Both the Company’s remuneration policy and its implementation

report thereon will again be presented to shareholders for separate

non-binding advisory votes at Afrimat’s 2022 AGM. In the event that

25% or more of the shareholders vote against either the remuneration

policy or the implementation report at the meeting, Afrimat will

engage with such shareholders through dialogue, requesting written

submissions or otherwise, in order to address their concerns, always

with due regard to meeting the Company’s stated business objectives

while being fair and responsible toward both the employees and

shareholders.

Employee development remains a critical

item and we will continue to enhance our

communication and focus on fair pay

principles across the Group

Sound shareholder

engagement to ensure

a balanced and healthy

relationship

Attract and retain

personnel who will

create long-term value

Continued focus on

a healthy culture

Focus areas for FY2023

AFRIMAT integrated annual report 2022

68

letter to participants annually.

Benchmarking

The Group uses industry and country specific benchmarking in ensuring

that we apply the right mix and remunerate our executives competitively.

The Committee uses remuneration surveys and peer group data from the

JSE construction/mining sector. Afrimat targets the 25th percentile of

the market for executives due to higher relative variable pay with regards to

the short-term incentive bonus scheme (‘STIBS’) and LT incentives.

Employment contracts

Refer to note 20 on

page 138 of the annual financial statements for further

information.

Share appreciation right plan (‘SAR’)

Upon recommendation of the CEO and the Remuneration & Nominations

Committee, the Board may approve and grant equity-based remuneration in

the form of SARs.

SARs are granted to executives and key employees having regard, among

other things, to the past and potential contribution of the person to the Group

and the need to retain the skills of the employee. The instruments provide

 BS  ST incentives  LT incentives

0

20

40

60

80

100

Executive

Director

CFO

CEO

Target

Actual*

Target

Actual*

Target

Actual*

33,3

57

30

30

40

27

21

52

33,3

33,3

22

21

%

30

48

23

29

30

40

On-target policy pay mix vs actual policy

pay mix

* Actual pay mix excludes the value of shares allocated under FSP to the executive

directors and will only be included on vesting date.

AFRIMAT integrated annual report 2022

70

REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED):

Managing Director and CEO of the highly successful Victoria &

Alfred Waterfront Proprietary Limited, in Cape Town when he left to start his own company, DVDM

Properties Proprietary Limited (that also operated in the People Spaces group until 2014) both offering

international property development management and consulting services. Prior to that, he was an

executive director within various companies in the Stocks & Stocks construction group of companies.

Derick is also a non-executive director of PNA Stationers Proprietary Limited and served as

non-executive director on a few other boards and trusts. Derick was appointed to Afrimat’s Board in

August 2014. Derick was appointed as Chairman of the Audit & Risk Committee in May 2019.

4.4

Ordinary resolution number 8

‘Resolved that, subject to the approval of ordinary resolution number 3, Ms Sisanda Tuku, being

eligible, be and is hereby appointed as a member of the Audit & Risk Committee of the Company,

as recommended by the Board, until the next annual general meeting of the Company.’

A summary curriculum vitae of Ms Sisanda Tuku has been included in paragraph 3.1 above.

5.

RE-APPOINTMENT OF AUDITOR

5.1

Ordinary resolution number 9

‘Resolved that PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. be and is hereby re-appointed as auditor of the Company

for the ensuing financial year or until the next annual general meeting of the Company, whichever is the

later, with the designated auditor being Mr David de Jager, a registered auditor and partner in the firm,

on the recommendation of the Audit & Risk Committee of the Company.’

The reason for ordinary resolution number 9 is that the Company, being a public listed company, must

have its financial results audited and such auditor must be appointed or re-appointed each year at the

annual general meeting of the Company as required by the Companies Act and the JSE Listings

Requirements.

6.

NON-BINDING ENDORSEMENT OF AFRIMAT’S REMUNERATION POLICY

6.1

Ordinary resolution number 10

‘Resolved that the Company’s remuneration policy, as set out on

pages 68 to 73 of the integrated

annual report of which this notice forms part, be and is hereby endorsed by way of a non-binding

advisory vote.’

The reason for ordinary resolution number 10 is that the King IV Report on Corporate Governance™ for

South Africa, 2016 (‘King IV™’) recommends, and the JSE Listings Requirements require, that the

remuneration policy of a company be tabled for a non-binding advisory vote by shareholders at each

annual general meeting of such company. This enables shareholders to express their views on the

remuneration policy adopted by the Remuneration Committee of the Company. The effect of ordinary

resolution number 10, if passed, will be to endorse the Company’s remuneration policy. Ordinary

resolution number 10 is of an advisory nature only and failure to pass this resolution will therefore not

have any legal consequences relating to existing remuneration agreements. However, the Board will

take the outcome of the vote into consideration when considering amendments to the Company’s

remuneration policy.

AFRIMAT integrated annual report 2022

147:

Managing Director

‘MQA’

Mining Qualification Authority

‘NEMA’

National Environmental Management Act, 1998

‘NOSA’

National Occupational Safety Association (South Africa)

‘previous/prior year’

or ‘FY2021’

Year ended 28 February 2021

‘QAQC’

Quality assurance/Quality control

‘SAR’

Share Appreciation Right

‘SARS’

South African Revenue Service

‘SARMA’

South African Readymix Association

‘SENS’

Securities Exchange News Service, the regulatory information dissemination

platform for the JSE

‘SHE’

Safety, Health and Environment

‘SHEQ’

Safety, Health, Environment and Quality

‘SLP’

Social and Labour Plan

‘TCFD’

Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures

‘year’ or ‘year under

review’ or ‘FY2022’

Year ended 28 February 2022

‘WUL’

Water use license

Financial definitions

‘CAGR’

Compound annual growth rate

‘FY’

Financial year ending February

‘IFRS’

International Financial Reporting Standards

‘HEPS’

Headline earnings per share

‘NAV’

Net asset value

‘PAT’

Profit after tax

‘PBIT’

Profit before interest and tax

‘ROE’

Return on equity

‘ROI’

Return on investment

‘RONA’

Return on net operating assets

AFRIMAT integrated annual report 2022

155:

