letter of the law, including aligning tax treatment with

commercial reality. We seek certainty on tax matters where possible. In all our dealings with tax

authorities, including where we seek certainty, our relationships are centred on transparency. Where

tax authorities have adopted co-operative compliance arrangements, we will therefore favourably

consider participation.

As set out in our tax strategy, we allocate value by reference to where it is created and managed within

the normal course of commercial activity, and we pay tax on that basis. We do not use tax haven

jurisdictions to manage taxes and we commit to not transfer value created to low tax jurisdictions.

Tax transparency

We are committed to providing tax transparency to our stakeholders. We see the benefits of this

transparency with all our stakeholders, including:

• Shareholders: the knowledge that we are deeply committed to good tax governance

and responsible tax practices, thereby mitigating tax risk

• Tax authorities: the development and maintenance of long-term, open and constructive

relationships

• Communities: understanding the economic benefits attributable to mining activities in

their regions

• Others: making a meaningful contribution to ongoing tax and transparency debates.

We proactively engage with industry bodies, business forums and civil society.

Public disclosure is essential to building trust in the mining industry. Anglo American has

voluntarily provided information about tax payments in each of the business units for many years and

the first tax and economic contribution report was published in 2014 to provide details for all major

operating jurisdictions of the taxes and royalties they pay, taxes they collect and other key economic

contributions to local economies, such as wages/salaries, capital investment and procurement spend.

1

Core element of

governance overseen

by the board

4

Only use business

structures driven

by commercial

consideration, aligned

with business and

substance

3

Pay the right amount at

the right time in the right

place and respect the

spirit of the law

2

Aligned with group’s

values, purpose and

sustainable mining plan

5

Seek to engage

positively and

constructively

Tax strategy summary

Principles

Tax mission

Through our people we are respected partners, delivering sustainable

value and innovation, and responsibly leading change

Introduction

Our business

Business model and operating context

Performance

Shareholder information

121

Anglo American Platinum Integrated report 2022:

