letter

P18

Board leadership

P20

Our corporate governance

P22

World in which we operate

External operating environment

P33

Managing our risks and opportunities

P39

Integrated stakeholder engagement

P47

Strategic response and delivery

CEO’s review and outlook

P56

Executive Committee

P58

Revitalising our culture, refreshing our values

P59

Performance and delivery by strategic

focus area

Prioritise people, safety, health and sustainability

P61

Maintain financial flexibility

P69

Optimise overhead, costs and capital expenditure

P71

Improve portfolio quality

P73

Maintain long--term optionality

P75

Strategic trade-offs – impact on our capitals

P78

Climate change disclosure

P82

Performance by region – Africa, Americas, Australia

P85

Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve – summary

P94

Exploration and planning for the future

P101

Value created, preserved, eroded

CFO’s report and outlook

P104

Financial review

P112

Economic value-added statement

P116

Value distributed by stakeholder

P118

Rewarding delivery

Section I: Remuneration and Human Resources

Committee – chairperson’s: letter

P125

Section II: Remuneration Policy report

P128

Section III: Remuneration implementation report

(January – December 2022)

P139

Forward-looking statements

P154

Administration and corporate information

P155

Supplementary Information

AngloGold Ashanti is an

independent, global gold mining

company with a diverse, high-

quality portfolio of operations,

projects and exploration

activities across nine countries

on four continents. We pursue

value-creating opportunities

involving other minerals, where

we can leverage our existing

assets, shareholdings, skills

and experience.

Safety

We put safety first, before anything

Respect

We treat each other with dignity and respect

Integrity

We are honest and true to what we commit to

Sustainability

We make a positive contribution towards an enduring world

Excellence

We focus on continuous improvement towards a high performing culture

Collaboration

We work together to build a better company

OUR VALUES

Safety

We put safety first, before anything else

Respect

We treat each other with human dignity and respect

Integrity

We are honest and true to what we commit to

Sustainability

We make a positive contribution towards an enduring world

Excellence

We focus on continuous improvement towards a high performing culture

Collaboration

We work together to build a great company

OUR VALUES

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2022

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2022

1

letter

“ ...it is vital to ensure AngloGold

Ashanti remains vibrant and

profitable, in order to continue

making meaningful contributions to

our shareholders and the societies

in which we work as an employer,

a reliable payer of taxes and a

consumer of goods and services from

our host communities.”

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2022

18

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2022

19:

letter.

Company secretary

The company secretary is responsible for developing,

implementing and maintaining effective processes and

procedures to support the Board and its committees in the

discharge of their duties and responsibilities. The company

secretary advises the Board and individual directors on their

fiduciary duties and on corporate governance requirements and

best practices.

In accordance with the JSE Listings Requirements, the Board

evaluated the qualifications, competence and experience of the

company secretary for 2022 and was satisfied that Leeanne

Goliath is qualified to serve as company secretary. Leeanne has

experience as a company secretary and in corporate governance

and securities and exchange regulatory requirements applicable

in South Africa and other jurisdictions, gained during her tenure

working in regulated and listed companies. Leeanne holds BCom

and MBA degrees as well as certificates for the Management

Advanced Programme and in Advanced Company Law. The Board

also confirmed the company secretary’s independence and that

she maintains an arms-length relationship with the Board.

Other governance practices

Legal, ethical and regulatory compliance

The Group’s geographical spread makes its legal and regulatory

environment diverse and complex. The Board has oversight

responsibility for ensuring that the Company complies with

applicable laws and regulations, codes and standards, and has

delegated this responsibility to the Audit and Risk Committee.

Group Compliance plays an essential role in the management of

designing and implementing appropriate compliance policies

and procedures.

During 2022, Group Compliance continued with activities aimed

at enhancing the Company’s governance. Key among these

activities were:

• Leading a benchmarking exercise and review of AngloGold

Ashanti’s governance documents. A Group-wide documents

standard was launched to establish the AngloGold Ashanti

controlled documents framework, creating consistency and

purpose across different document types. As part of the

new group-wide documents framework, Group Compliance

manages the development, amendment, review, approval

process and publication of all group-wide documents. Group

Compliance also manages the only internal repository

for Group-wide documents. Policies demonstrate the

organisation’s aspirational commitments to achieve its

objectives and describe the behaviours and actions of the

organisation. Beneath each policy, group-wide standards set

out the minimum mandatory requirements for how AngloGold

Ashanti will deliver the commitments in the policies and group-

wide procedures set out how mandatory requirements must be

performed to mitigate key risks

• The publication of new group policies in relation to Asset

Security and Value Protection, Business Integrity, Health, Safety

and Security, Operations and Mineral Resource Development,

People, Sustainability and a new Supplier Code of Conduct

• The global rollout of the anti-bribery and anti-corruption

online training to all employees with computer access. The

training covers anti-bribery and anti-corruption, payments

to government officials, gifts, hospitality and sponsorships,

engagement of agents and intermediaries, conflicts of

interest, reporting wrongdoing, and political donations

and activities

• Tracking and monitoring compliance with laws and

regulations, including self-certification processes and legal

registers, by country

• The rebranding of our whistleblowing platform to “Speak-up”

with updated communication and increased awareness around

the availability of this platform. AngloGold Ashanti continued

to have a robust Speak-Up platform, administered by a third-

party, to which all employees, directors, officers and external

parties have access via hotlines, email and web facilities.

Reporting is anonymous unless the reporter specifically

nominates to disclose his or her identity. All concerns are

carefully investigated, and feedback is provided through the

third-party service partner to the person raising the concern.

Speak-up results are communicated quarterly to the Audit and

Risk Committee as well as the Social, Ethics and Sustainability

Committee and to the Serious Concerns Committee, a

management committee. Whistleblowing plays a key role

in giving credence to the Board’s commitment to ethical

leadership and responsible corporate citizenship

Compliance with

laws and regulations

Fraud, bribery

and corruption

Conflicts

of interest

Gifts, hospitality

and sponsorship

Responsible

sourcing

Confidential

reporting

Compliance risk

assessments

• Continued development of a compliance programme aligned

with “best practice” principles identified by, among others,

bodies responsible for the prosecution of violations of key

extra-territorial legislation such as the US Foreign Corrupt

Practices Act, and that are adaptable at an operational level to

enhance the effectiveness of the compliance framework

• Continued embedding of our responsible sourcing

programme to align suppliers with our business ethics

and values. Our Supplier Code of Conduct encourages all

suppliers, including contractors, to align their businesses

with our internal policies and codes of ethical behaviour,

particularly on human rights practices, labour relations and

employment practices, the environment, our anti-bribery

and corruption policies, and safety procedures, policies and

standards. Our approach to suppliers involves mandating that

responsible environmental, social and governance practices

are carried out by those we associate and/or do business

with. Suppliers are assessed on their governance conduct in

addition to their socio-economic behaviour

• Regular assessment of the online registers for gifts, hospitality

and sponsorship and conflicts of interest

• Business unit assessments for risks related to bribery and

corruption, including virtual assessments as part of our

combined assurance audit programme

External and internal standards and regulations

AngloGold Ashanti complies with legislative and regulatory

requirements, including several external and voluntary industry

and international standards and recommendations that are

relevant to the business.

AngloGold Ashanti is a member of, and a signatory to, the:

• Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI)

• International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM)

• International Cyanide Management Code

• Principles of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)

• Responsible Gold Mining Principles

• Sustainability Accounting Standards Board

• United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and

Human Rights

• United Nations Women Empowerment Principles (WEP)

• Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights (VPSHR)

• World Gold Council’s Conflict-Free Gold Standard and

Responsible Gold Mining Principles

We are committed to complying with the following standards:

• International Bill of Human Rights

• Universal Declaration on Human Rights

In addition, we have Group policies and charters to which we

adhere. Increasingly, customers and consumers want assurance

that the gold they are purchasing has not contributed to conflict

or human rights abuse. This has resulted in several measures

being introduced by industry-related organisations of which we

are part, to prevent gold and other commodities from being used

to fund conflict and other violations of human rights.

By virtue of its securities being registered with the United States

Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), AngloGold Ashanti

is also subject to the various securities laws applicable in the

United States. This is in addition to being subject to the various

listing requirements applicable for all the stock exchanges on

which the Company’s shares or depositary receipts are listed.

These are the Johannesburg, New York, Ghana and Australian

stock exchanges.

Climate change

The Board recognises the impacts of climate change that could

exacerbate existing mining-related risks and the effect on

ecosystems, communities and employees.

The Board previously approved a Climate Change Strategy, and

the Company published its inaugural Climate Change Report in

late 2021, which is aligned to the recommendations of the Task

Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. Furthermore, as

a member of the International Council on Mining and Metals,

AngloGold Ashanti was part of a landmark climate change

commitment to achieve net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG

emissions by 2050 and to accelerate action on Scope 3 GHG

emissions, including setting credible targets in partnership with

its suppliers.

During the year, the Board endorsed the Company’s commitment

to achieve a 30% reduction in its absolute Scope 1 and 2

GHG emissions by 2030 (as compared to 2021) through a

combination of renewable energy projects, fleet electrification

and lower-emission thermal power sources. The capital cost

required to achieve these reductions over the next eight years

was anticipated to be approximately $1.1 billion, of which about

$350m would be funded over that period by the Company and

the balance through third-party funding, including from providers

of renewable energy infrastructure. Climate change will remain a

priority in future years and the Board will monitor the Company’s

progress towards its GHG emission reduction targets. See

Climate change disclosure.

Governance of supply chain management and

procurement policies

Effective supply chain management, undertaken with integrity,

fairness and transparency and in line with our values and

governance principles, adds value to our business, by improving

efficiency, relationships and reputation, ultimately, impacting

our long-term sustainability. As a global company, responsible

management of our supply chain is an increasingly important

ethical, equality and human rights consideration.

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2022

28

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2022

29:

letter

P125

Section II: Remuneration Policy report

P128

Section III: Remuneration Implementation report

(January – December 2022)

P139

It is in this operating context and the restructuring that took

place during the year, that the Committee elected not to award

salary increases to the Company’s leadership team in 2022.

Non-Executive Directors also elected not to receive a fee increase

for 2022, to align themselves with the Executive and senior

management teams.

Focus areas

Given the degree of change in the business during 2022, the

Committee focused on the following important areas:

• Company performance – the operational, financial, safety

and sustainability performance of the business were of great

importance and focus of the Committee. As in prior years, it

measured performance against a clear set of objective criteria

• Talent and succession review – the Committee was especially

pleased with the efforts made to identify talent and potential

successors across disciplines and geographies, ensuring

improved visibility of opportunities for career progression.

It was encouraging to see increased representation of women

on these talent slates, particularly in the technical disciplines

and at operations

• OneHR Project – to enable the new operating model, the

organisation reviewed its global HR Systems and launched the

OneHR Project instituted by the CEO under the umbrella of the

Business Transformation Programme (Thrive). The Committee

was satisfied that this project will ensure standardisation of

people processes that are simplified and efficient thereby

providing reliable data to facilitate global reporting and effective

people management decisions

• Culture Assessment – the Committee was especially interested

in the extensive work done with respect to the Culture

Assessment. The results and qualitative feedback from the

survey were reviewed across the organisation and areas of

improvement were identified and implemented. A key outcome

of this work has been the refreshed organisational values,

which focus the priorities of the business in improving safety

and promoting a culture of respect, integrity, sustainability,

excellence and collaboration

• Sexual harassment awareness campaign – the Committee was

very pleased with a Group-wide sexual harassment awareness

campaign titled “Don’t Cross the Line” launched mid-year.

This campaign was spearheaded by the CEO together with his

executive team emphasising AngloGold Ashanti’s zero-tolerance

approach to sexual harassment and assault. The launch came

with the introduction of a careline, offering a range of employee

assistance support, including specialised support for people

seeking information or impacted by sexual harassment or

assault. The promotion of the Speak-up line, formerly known

as the Whistle Blowing channel, was launched as a safe and

anonymous way to report misconduct

Section 1: Remuneration and Human Resources Committee

Ensuring fair, responsible and transparent remuneration

CHAIRPERSON’S: LETTER

Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to present the AngloGold Ashanti remuneration

report for the year ended 31 December 2022, which provides an

overview of our remuneration and human resource practices,

and their alignment with the Company’s strategic objectives.

The Remuneration and Human Resources Committee aims to

ensure that both the remuneration policy and its implementation

direct the efforts and behaviours of employees and leaders to

create safe and sustainable long-term value for stakeholders.

The principle of fair and responsible pay continues to guide our

decision making, as does our aim to appropriately recognise

the contribution of the Company’s employees. We recognise

the dynamic nature of the remuneration and incentivisation

field and, with the help of Deloitte, our newly appointed adviser,

have continued to scrutinise our remuneration policy for its

appropriateness, and to ensure it reflects both our pay philosophy

and the current realities of our business and industry.

AngloGold Ashanti has experienced significant changes

during 2022, with a great deal of restructuring needed to place

performance on a more favourable long-term trajectory after

especially challenging conditions in the prior two years. The

beginning of the year saw the conclusion of an operating

model revamp under Chief Executive Officer, Alberto Calderon

and Lisa Ali, the new Chief People Officer who joined in April.

This restructuring was accompanied by widespread and profound

changes to the organisational structure, resulting in greatly

reduced unnecessary duplication, and providing the operational

business units with the necessary resources to safely deliver

their budgets, as well as ensuring that accountability is more

clearly located and defined.

The Committee reviewed and questioned the rationale

for this restructuring and received frequent reports on its

implementation. We are not only satisfied that the changes

were necessary for the efficient delivery of our strategy, but

also that those affected were appropriately compensated and

treated with dignity and respect, in line with the organisation’s

values. The Committee has also watched closely as the new

organisational model has been embedded in the business, to

ensure it is achieving the desired outcomes.

Business context and decision making

Several important considerations informed the Committee’s

decisions in 2022, including financial and non-financial

performance in both relative and absolute terms; the ongoing

competition for scarce skills; the views and expectations of our

stakeholders; our key environmental, social and governance

objectives; and strains placed on the business, our employees

and the broader operating environment by the highest level of

inflation in more than four decades.

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2022

124

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2022

125

