Dear stakeholders

I was recently asked why I had accepted election

to the hot seat that is the ArcelorMittal South Africa

chair. It was an extremely easy question to answer –

although my answer might, I fear, have seemed a bit

long-winded.

Long-winded because I had so many reasons for

grabbing this wonderful opportunity.

ArcelorMittal is a proudly South African company

I have admired since my youth when, of course, it was

known as Iscor, a giant of the South African economy.

A giant that had been founded almost a century ago

by that genius giant of our history, Hendrik van der Bijl.

One company that, more than any other, had literally

built this country.

Secondly, there is a very big, very challenging job to

be done in making this great business sustainable in

the short term – and resilient in the long term. Steel

is a tough, complex, cyclical industry – which is what

makes it so exceptionally interesting.

Challenges are there to test leaders’ mettle; how

leaders play with the cards they are dealt shows how

good their leadership really is. There is nothing I relish

more than a good challenge and I believe that I can

play my small part in helping ArcelorMittal South Africa

meet the challenge of achieving sustainability and

resilience – and emerging stronger than ever.

Building. Self-belief

A third reason for my jumping at the chance to

chair this company’s board was the outsize positive

influence ArcelorMittal South Africa can have on our

economy and our society and on the business of

creating jobs.

So much to do – from our chairman:

letter of intent with an

independent solar power producer for the supply of

10MW of wheeled power, expected to come online in

Q4 2024. Other agreements are being actively pursued.

In 2022, phase two of a variable speed drive (VSD)

project was successfully implemented at both

Newcastle and Vanderbijlpark. In six years, this

project has resulted in sustainable energy savings of

78-gigawatt hours (GWh) per year – a cumulative

469GWh to date or R172 million in savings. This

represented a 4% cost saving in the year relative to

Eskom’s 2022 electricity tariffs.

Stakeholder relations

Raw material suppliers

Our relationships with regional and local

suppliers of iron ore, coking coal and coal are

all relatively new. Mutual trust is a top concern

for all parties. We negotiate the best possible

price and supply terms with these suppliers, but

are mindful of their need to assure their investors

that our offtake is in their best interests. As such,

we offer sizeable contracts but without tying

them into onerous conditions.

Automation and digital transformation

In the three years to 2021, we spent R470 million on our

IT – the largest such outlay in the company’s history.

In 2022, the focus turned from scoping and acquiring

third-party software and platforms to embedding

these tools throughout the organisation and training

and equipping users to derive maximum value. IT

expenditure for the year amounted to just R186 million.

Most significantly, the IT department has now given

effect to the OneOrg concept where, using a single

unified IT architecture, silos are broken down and

management has clear sight across functions and

processes.

The business’s migration to the cloud made good

progress in 2022, such that the whole enterprise

resource planning system was migrated without a

single tonne of steel being unaccounted for.

In the previous year, we used IT to reduce the time

it takes to resolve customer complaints by 90%. We

(slightly) improved on this in 2022, but made significant

progress on reducing the time it takes to resolve

complaints – from a typical two to three months to an

average of two to three weeks. By year-end, the value

of claims unresolved after longer than six months had

declined from R100 million to under R60 million.

Previously, we had separate complaints systems for

long and flat products. As we have customers buying

both types of steel from us, this detracted from the

customer experience. From 2022 these systems were

unified so that customers can interact with just one

interface.

Positively, customer uptake of our web-based customer

relationship management (CRM) platform grew while

the user experience was significantly enhanced.

Stakeholder relations

Transnet

We rely on TFR to bring raw materials to our plants

in the required quantities and (from domestic miners

and increasingly, regional suppliers) as scheduled.

In 2022, we initiated more thorough, more regular

interaction with senior Transnet management on

improving their service delivery. We also worked

closely with Transnet Port Terminals to improve

throughput of, especially, imported coke and to

avoid us incurring costly demurrage charges.

Strategic objective 2: Long-term sustainability continued:

letter in terms of the JSE Listings

Requirements, paragraph 22.15(h) has been submitted

by EY. The committee is satisfied that EY is compliant

with the relevant external audit partner JSE

qualification and the rotation rules.

The committee further approved the fees paid to

EY and its terms of engagement. The details of the

fees paid to EY are disclosed in note 6 of the annual

financial statements.

All non-audit services were approved by the

committee during the current financial year in

accordance with the board-approved policy on

non-audit services performed by the external auditor.

The committee meets with the auditor independently

of senior management.

The committee agendas provide for confidential

meetings between committee members and the

internal and external auditors.

Statutory reporting

The committee has evaluated the annual financial

statements of ArcelorMittal South Africa Ltd and the

group for the year ended 31 December 2022 and,

based on the information provided to the committee,

considers that the company and group comply, in

all material respects, with the requirements of the

Companies Act, the International Financial Reporting

Standards (IFRS), the SAICA Financial Reporting Guides

as issued by the Accounting Practices Committee,

and the Financial Pronouncements as issued by the

Financial Reporting Standards Council and applicable

legislation.

Key financial statement reporting issues

The committee reviewed the critical judgements and

assumptions made by management together with the

sensitivity analyses performed and the conclusions on

the key financial statement reporting issues during

the year.

The key issues are:

• Impairment of property, plant, and equipment:

− The committee reviewed and assessed the

assumptions used in determining the recoverable

amount of the cash-generating units (CGUs).

The committee supported management’s

recommendation that none of the CGUs should

be impaired

• Environmental remediation provision and asset

retirement obligation:

− The committee reviewed the key assumptions

and the discount rate used together with the

movement in the provisions. The environmental

remediation and asset retirement obligation

cost models were assessed during the current

financial year by an external independent third-

party reviewer in terms of standard internationally

recognised good practices to ensure objectivity

of costs related to rehabilitation and closure.

The committee is satisfied with management’s

assessment of the reviewer’s reports.

The committee had oversight and monitored the

liquidity and cash management including the

covenants of the borrowing-based facility.

The committee is satisfied that the group and

company have complied with all covenants as at

year-end and that the liquidity position is adequate to

support the going concern basis applied in preparing

the financial statements.

Internal financial controls

The committee has oversight of the group’s financial

statements and reporting process, including the

system of internal financial control. It is responsible

for ensuring that the group’s internal audit function

is independent and has the necessary resources,

standing and authority in the organisation to

discharge its duties. In addition, it ensures that the

internal audit function is subject to independent

quarterly reviews as appropriate. The committee

oversees cooperation between internal and external

auditors and serves as a link between the board of

directors and these functions. The head of internal

audit reports administratively to the CEO and

functionally to the chairman of the committee and

head of group internal audit of the holding company,

ArcelorMittal Holdings AG.

Audit and risk committee report continued:

