Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to provide BHP’s Annual Report for

FY2022 which was a transformational year for

your company.

During the year BHP:

– unified our dual listed company structure

under a single parent company listed on the

Australian Securities Exchange

– merged our Petroleum business with

Woodside to create a top 10 energy provider

and provide shareholders with further choice

as to their exposure to oil and gas

– simplified the coal portfolio through the sale of

our interests in Cerrejón and BHP Mitsui Coal

to concentrate on higher-quality metallurgical

coal which is forecast to be critical for

making the steel necessary to support

decarbonisation and infrastructure growth

over coming decades

– approved an investment of US$5.7 billion

in our Jansen Potash Project in Canada,

marking BHP’s entry into a new commodity

which provides shareholders with exposure to

the growing population megatrend

Your Board would like to thank all shareholders

for the trust you have shown in supporting these

changes which set your company up to deliver

value into the future.

That trust is built over time and through

performance, and this year Mike Henry, his

management team and all our people, have

continued to deliver strong operational and

financial performance through a challenging

period of ongoing pandemic disruption, global

supply chain challenges and cost pressures.

Safety and wellbeing

In terms of safety, FY2022 was the third

consecutive year in which there were no

workplace occupational fatalities, and the Group

made strong progress on other leading safety

indicators such as a 30 per cent reduction in

high-potential injuries.

These are pleasing indicators of the progress

we can make when our focus is unwavering.

To achieve truly safe, inclusive and diverse

workplaces for all our people we know we must

bring this same focus to bear on all aspects of

workplace safety including addressing sexual

harassment, racism and bullying.

The value we create

It is against a backdrop of commitment to

performance and continuous improvement, that

BHP has delivered considerable value to you,

our shareholders.

In FY2022, the Board determined dividends

worth US$36 billion to shareholders (including

the distribution of Woodside shares). This takes

the total amount returned to shareholders over

the past four years to more than US$50 billion.

But it is not just value to shareholders. This year,

we also made substantial headway in our

sustainability aspirations and focus on social

value. We provided shareholders with the first

‘Say on Climate’ shareholder resolution in the

Australian market, and our Climate Transition

Action Plan (Plan) was supported by almost

85 per cent of shareholders. This Plan aligns

our climate goals with our strategic goals, and

provides a clear basis for measuring BHP’s

climate performance.

We also launched a social value framework and

scorecard with 2030 goals to bring additional

transparency to our social value goals and

outcomes. We are working hard to embed social

value in our strategy, capital allocation decisions,

plans, processes and culture. It is not only the

right thing to do, but we believe it provides a

significant competitive advantage for BHP and is

vital to delivering long-term sustainable value.

As well as the value delivered to shareholders,

this year, we made significant contributions to

the communities where we operate, through

employment, partnerships, and taxes and

royalties paid to governments. This amounted

to US$57.5 billion in Australia, US$7.7 billion

in Chile and US$12.9 billion in the rest of the

world, and our local procurement has increased

40 per cent over the past three years with

US$2.7 billion directed to 2,700 local suppliers

during FY2022.

Board succession

We welcomed Michelle Hinchliffe and Catherine

Tanna to the BHP Board as independent

Non-executive Directors. Both bring over 35

years’ experience to BHP – Michelle in financial

controls and risk management, and Catherine

in energy, long-life capital allocation and

HSE. We are delighted to welcome Michelle

and Catherine.

At the other end of the succession process,

we will farewell Malcolm Broomhead and John

Mogford at the conclusion of the 2022 Annual

General Meeting. Both have announced their

intention to retire following exceptional periods

of service, and I would like to thank Malcolm and

John for their outstanding contribution to BHP

and the Board.

FY2022 was a successful year of transformation

for our business. I am confident we are building

BHP for the future and to create enduring

value for our shareholders and communities,

customers, suppliers and partners.

Thank you for your continued support of BHP.

Ken MacKenzie

Chair

FY2022 was a successful year of

transformation for our business. I am

confident we are building BHP for the

future and to create enduring value for

our shareholders and communities,

customers, suppliers and partners.:

Dear Shareholders,

BHP performed well in FY2022. Our strong

production outcomes and solid cost control

allowed us to capture the greatest benefit from

the tailwind of high commodity prices during

the year. It was pleasing to all of us at BHP to

be able to deliver not only record returns to

shareholders, but also record contributions to

our other stakeholders. We paid record taxes

and royalties during the year of US$17.3 billion,

slightly higher than our cash returns to

shareholders of US$16.4 billion.

Most importantly, we did so safely and

sustainably. No one has lost their life while

working at BHP for over three and a half

consecutive years now. This is a very significant

milestone, but we must guard against

complacency. We will continue to prioritise our

efforts to reduce fatal risk from our workplaces.

We also reduced our operational greenhouse

gas emissions by 24 per cent over the past two

years and have reduced freshwater withdrawals

by almost 30 per cent since 2017.

We were successful in partially mitigating the

impacts of a number of external challenges,

including the ongoing pandemic, to deliver well

against our production and unit cost guidance for

the year. We achieved record full-year shipments

from our Western Australia Iron Ore business for

the third year running, and we remain the world’s

lowest cost major producer. In copper, our

Escondida business in Chile had record material

mined and near-record concentrator throughput,

while Olympic Dam in South Australia performed

strongly in the fourth quarter after our major

smelter maintenance overhaul, which takes

place every four years.

We anticipate the economic headwinds,

including inflation and tight labour markets, and

the impacts from COVID-19 will continue through

the year ahead. We aim to navigate these

challenges better than our competitors and have

the focus and capabilities in place to enable us

to do so. Our continued high performance in the

past year is thanks to 80,000 highly capable,

diverse, engaged people across BHP, who have

continued to show tremendous resilience in the

face of the multiple challenges thrown at us by

the external environment.

We will be safer, more reliable, lower cost and

more productive if we are able to more fully

harness the experience, passion and ingenuity

of everyone across BHP. This is being hard-

wired through the BHP Operating System (BOS),

which is building a continuous improvement

culture and capability right through to the

fingertips of the company. This shift, coupled

with our progress on creating a more inclusive

and diverse workforce is unlocking performance

and achieving this in a way that is exciting for

BHP and more fulfilling for our people.

I am proud to say that the proportion of females

and Indigenous peoples at BHP continues to

grow. Representation of female employees

reached 32.3 per cent in FY2022 and the

executive leadership team is fully balanced.

Indigenous peoples now represent 8.3 per cent

of our operational workforce in Australia, 8.7

per cent in Chile and 7.2 per cent in our Jansen

Potash Project in Canada.

While we have made strong progress in

improving the composition of our workforce,

you will see in this year’s report increased

disclosure in respect of cases of sexual

harassment, racism and bullying that have

occurred during the year in the company. I am

ashamed that these behaviours still occur in

BHP. We are fiercely determined to stop them

from happening. During the year, we progressed

work on upgrading our facilities, improving

our processes, providing more support to

impacted persons and bystanders, and shifting

culture. In the past year, we invested more

than US$200 million to improve the security

and experience in our accommodation villages,

established a global support service to provide

dedicated, end-to-end case coordination for

anyone impacted by sexual harassment, and

enhanced training programs, including for both

leaders and bystanders. Most recently we took

time out from work and production across all of

BHP to discuss sexual harassment, racism and

bullying. These Safety Stops involved the whole

of the workforce globally and were intended to

build awareness, understanding, capability, and

collective commitment to action.

As well as building an even safer and more

inclusive workplace at BHP, we must help to

build a better world for all of our stakeholders.

We aim to create social value, which is the

positive contribution BHP makes to society: our

people, partners, the economy, the environment

and local communities for the mutual benefit of

shareholders and the community. We see this

as fundamental to our long-term success and a

competitive advantage that will support growth.

During the year, we launched our new social

value framework and set short-term milestones

as well as 2030 goals under each of our six

social value pillars. Our commitment to social

value contributes to the relevant United Nations

(UN) Sustainable Development Goals and aligns

with our continued support for the UN Global

Compact and its 10 principles.

FY2022 was a year in which we also made

significant progress transforming our business

for the future through reshaping our portfolio and

simplifying our corporate structure. We divested

our Petroleum business and created a stronger,

more resilient stand-alone business by merging

it with Woodside, creating more choice

and opportunity for value for shareholders.

We further optimised our coal portfolio through

the divestment of our stakes in BHP Mitsui

Coal and in Cerrejón. We approved the Jansen

Stage 1 Potash Project in Canada, opening up

a new long-term growth front for the company

in potash, a fertiliser that will enable more

sustainable farming globally. Finally, we unified

our corporate structure, removing the more

complex dual listed structure in place since the

BHP and Billiton merger of 2001.

We now have a leaner, more agile and more

efficient BHP, with a portfolio more aligned to

the global megatrends unfolding around us, and

better positioned to grow value by supplying the

commodities required for a decarbonising world.

I am excited about our plans for the year ahead

and for the future. Despite external volatility,

the fundamentals that underpin our business

are positive and strongly position BHP for

enduring success.

Thank you for your ongoing support.

Mike Henry

Chief Executive Officer

BHP performed well in FY2022 with strong

production outcomes and solid cost

control. We paid record taxes and royalties

during the year of US$17.3 billion and cash

returns to shareholders of US$16.4 billion.

And most importantly, we did so safely

and sustainably.:

Letter of Intent

with Mundoro to cooperatively explore for copper

resources in the highly prospective belt in Serbia

and Bulgaria. Several drill-ready targets are

scheduled to be tested during FY2023.

Growth through exploration, focused on copper and nickel

BHP exploration regions

Western Australia

Southwest

United States

Northwest

Mexico

Colombia

Peru

Ecuador

Chile

Eastern

Canada

Northern

Territory

South Australia

Nickel exploration regions

Copper exploration regions

Exploration expenditure

Our resource assessment exploration expenditure increased by 30 per cent in FY2022 to

US$179 million, while our greenfield expenditure increased by 43 per cent to US$77 million.

Expenditure on resources assessment and greenfield exploration over the last three financial years

is set out below.

Year ended 30 June

2022

US$M

2021

US$M

2020

US$M

Greenfield exploration

77

54

44

Resources assessment

179

138

132

Total metals exploration and assessment

256

192

176

Exploration expense

Exploration expense represents that portion of exploration expenditure that is not capitalised in

accordance with our accounting policies, as set out in Financial Statements note 11 ‘Property, plant

and equipment’.

Exploration expense for each segment over the last three financial years is set out below.

Year ended 30 June

2022

US$M

2021

US$M

2020

US$M

Exploration expense

Copper

85

53

54

Iron Ore

54

55

47

Coal

6

7

9

Group and unallocated items1

54

19

13

Total Group

199

134

123

1

Group and unallocated items includes functions, other unallocated operations, including Potash, Nickel West

and legacy assets (previously disclosed as closed mines in the Petroleum reportable segment), and

consolidation adjustments.:

Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to report on BHP’s FY2022

financial results.

BHP delivered strong financial results this year

against a backdrop of increasing economic

volatility, inflationary impacts and supply

chain pressures.

Managing uncertainty and risk is a core part of

our business, and our systems and processes

have allowed us to address these challenges

in a disciplined way. This, combined with our

focus on operational excellence and safety,

quality assets and leading approach to social

value means we remain positioned to deliver

consistently strong results through the cycle.

Our operational performance, combined

with higher prices for most of our core

commodities, drove our positive results this year.

Excluding Petroleum, underlying EBITDA was

up 16 per cent to US$40.6 billion at a record

margin of 65 per cent. Underlying attributable

profit increased to US$21.3 billion (for

continuing operations).

The shareholder dividend for the first half was

150 US cents per share. Combined with 175

US cents per share in the second half, the total

return to shareholders in FY2022 was a record

US$16.4 billion, which represents a 77 per cent

payout ratio. We also distributed US$19.6 billion

as an in specie dividend through the merger of

our Petroleum business with Woodside.

BHP’s total direct economic contribution in

FY2022 was US$78.1 billion. This includes

payments to suppliers, wages and benefits for

around 80,000 employees and contractors,

dividends, taxes, royalties and voluntary

investment in social projects across the

communities where we operate.

In FY2022, our tax, royalty and other payments

to governments totalled US$17.3 billion.

Of this, 77.5 per cent or US$13.4 billion was

paid in Australia. During the last decade, we

paid US$90.5 billion globally in taxes, royalties

and other payments, including US$70 billion

(approximately A$90.1 billion) in Australia.

BHP’s global adjusted effective tax rate in

FY2022 was 32.1 per cent,1 which is broadly

in line with our average adjusted effective tax

rate over the past decade of 33.3 per cent.1

Once royalties are included, our FY2022 rate

increases to 38.9 per cent.1

We continue to use our Capital Allocation

Framework to decide where to direct cash

to generate the strongest returns. Over the

year, underlying return on capital employed

strengthened to 48.7 per cent.

We are proud of these results, the record

shareholder returns, and the economic

contribution we have made to the governments

and communities where we operate.

Thank you for your continued support.

David Lamont

Chief Financial Officer

1

Presented on a Total operations basis.

Our operational performance, combined

with higher prices for most of our core

commodities, drove underlying EBITDA

(excluding Petroleum) up 16 per cent

to US$40.6 billion, at a record margin

of 65 per cent. Underlying attributable

profit increased to US$21.3 billion

(for continuing operations)

US$78.1 bn

Our total FY2022 economic contribution

US$17.3 bn

Tax, royalty and other payments

to governments in FY2022

325 US cents

Shareholder dividends per share

48.7 per cent

Underlying return on capital employed:

letter of

credit’. Most families of Gesteira have chosen

this option, and the 12th Federal Court has

ratified their agreements.

Some families have chosen not to join the

resettlement of their previous community and

instead resettle elsewhere. For these families,

88 houses and plots have been purchased, built

and/or renovated, and 13 are under construction

or renovation as at 30 June 2022. Other families

have opted for a cash payment in lieu of any

of the other resettlement solutions offered by

Fundação Renova.

Updates on the progress of Fundação

Renova’s resettlement program are

available at fundacaorenova.org/

en/repair-data/resettlement-and-

infrastructure

Other socio-economic programs

Fundação Renova continues to implement a

wide range of socio-economic programs in

addition to the compensation and resettlement

programs. These programs cover health and

infrastructure projects in the Rio Doce basin,

promotion of economic development in the

impacted communities and sewage treatment

facilities to improve the water quality in the

Rio Doce.

Environmental remediation

Since December 2019, the riverbanks and

floodplains have been vegetated, river margins

stabilised and in general, water quality and

sediment qualities have returned to historic

levels. Long-term remediation work is continuing

to re-establish agriculture and native vegetation.

A ban on fishing activities along the coast of

Espírito Santo and a precautionary conservation

restriction preventing fishing for native fish

species in the Rio Doce in Minas Gerais remain

in place. Fundação Renova continues to support

the recovery of habitats and aquatic ecology and

engage with the authorities with the goal of lifting

the restrictions.

Updates on the progress of

Fundação Renova’s environmental

remediation programs are available

at fundacaorenova.org/en/repair-data/

socio-environmental-repairs

Legal proceedings

BHP Group Limited, BHP Group (UK) Ltd

(formerly BHP Group Plc) and BHP Brasil are

involved in legal proceedings relating to the

Samarco dam failure.

For more information on the significant

legal proceedings involving BHP refer

to Additional information.

1

USD amount is calculated based on actual transactional (historical) exchange rates related to Renova funding.:

letter to shareholders

107

1

Remuneration governance

109

2

Remuneration framework

110

3

Remuneration for the CEO and other Executive KMP

113

4

Remuneration for Non-executive Directors

119

5

Statutory KMP remuneration and other disclosures

121:

letter of appointment

that contains the terms on which Non-executive

Directors will be appointed, including the basis

upon which they will be indemnified by the

Group. The: letter of appointment defines the

role of

Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer of Amcor Limited, a global packaging company

with operations in over 40 countries, from 2005 until

2015. During his 23-year career with Amcor, Ken gained

extensive experience across all of Amcor’s major

business segments in developed and emerging markets

in the Americas, Australia, Asia and Europe.

Ken currently sits on the Advisory Board of American

Securities Capital Partners LLC (since January 2016) and

is a part-time adviser at Barrenjoey (since April 2021).

Mike Henry

BSc (Chemistry)

Non-independent Director since January 2020

Chief Executive Officer since 1 January 2020

Mr Henry has over 30 years’ experience in the global

mining and petroleum industry, spanning operational,

commercial, safety, technology and marketing roles.

Prior to joining BHP, Mike worked in the resources

industry in Canada, Japan and Australia. Mike joined

BHP in 2003, initially in business development and

then in marketing and trading of a range of mineral and

petroleum commodities based in The Hague, where he

was also accountable for BHP’s ocean freight operations.

He went on to hold various positions in BHP, including

President Operations Minerals Australia, President

Coal, President HSE, Marketing and Technology, and

Chief Marketing Officer. Mike has been a member of the

Executive Leadership Team since 2011.

NG

2.1 Biographical details

Terry Bowen

BAcct, FCPA, MAICD

Independent Non-executive Director since October 2017

Mr Bowen has significant executive experience across a

range of diversified industries, deep financial expertise,

and extensive experience in capital allocation discipline,

commodity value chains and strategy.

Terry was formerly Managing Partner and Head of

Operations at BGH Capital and an Executive Director

and Finance Director of Wesfarmers Limited. Prior to

this, Terry held various senior executive roles within

Wesfarmers, including as Finance Director of Coles,: Managing

Managing Director of Energy

Australia between 2014 and 2021. Prior to this, she held

senior executive roles with Shell and BG Group with

responsibility for international operations. Catherine was

also a member of the Board of the Reserve Bank of

Australia from 2011 to 2021 and a Director of the Business

Council of Australia from 2016 to 2021.

Catherine is currently a Senior Advisor at McKinsey &

Company Inc (since April 2022) and a member of the

Advisory Board of Fujitsu Australia (since February 2022).

Dion Weisler

BASc (Computing), Honorary Doctor of Laws

Independent Non-executive Director since June 2020

Mr Weisler has extensive global executive experience,

including transformation and commercial experience in

the global information technology sector, with a focus on

capital discipline, as well as perspectives on current and

emerging ESG issues.

Dion served as a Director and the President and Chief

Executive Officer of HP Inc. from 2015 to 2019, and

continued as a Director and Senior Executive Adviser

until May 2020. Dion previously held a number of senior

executive roles at Lenovo Group Limited. Prior to this, Dion

was General Manager Conferencing and Collaboration

at Telstra Corporation, and held various positions at Acer

Inc., including as: Managing

letter to shareholders

107

1

Remuneration governance

109

2

Remuneration framework

110

2.1

How the remuneration framework is set

110

2.2

Remuneration framework operation

110

2.3

Potential remuneration outcomes

112

3

Remuneration for the CEO and other Executive KMP

113

3.1

FY2022 remuneration received by the CEO

113

3.2

FY2022 CDP performance outcomes

114

3.3

FY2022 LTIP performance outcomes

117

3.4

Overarching discretion and vesting underpin

117

3.5

Sign-on performance shares

118

3.6

LTIP allocated during FY2022

118

3.7

FY2023 remuneration for the CEO and other

Executive KMP

118

4

Remuneration for Non-executive Directors

119

4.1

Remuneration framework

119

4.2

Non-executive Directors’ remuneration in FY2023

120

5

Statutory KMP remuneration and other disclosures

121

5.1

KMP remuneration table

121

5.2

Equity awards

122

5.3

Estimated value range of equity awards

123

5.4

Ordinary share holdings and transactions

123

5.5

Prohibition on hedging of BHP shares and

equity instruments

124

5.6

Share ownership guidelines and the MSR

124

5.7

Transactions with KMP

124

Abbreviation

Item

AGM

Annual General Meeting

CDP

Cash and Deferred Plan

CEO

Chief Executive Officer

DEP

Dividend Equivalent Payment

ELT

Executive Leadership Team

GHG

Greenhouse gas

HSEC

Health, safety, environment and community

IFRS

International Financial Reporting Standards

Abbreviation

Item

KMP

Key Management Personnel

LTIP

Long-Term Incentive Plan

MAP

Management Award Plan

MSR

Minimum shareholding requirement

ROCE

Return on Capital Employed

STIP

Short-Term Incentive Plan

TSR

Total Shareholder Return:

Letter to Shareholders: Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to introduce BHP’s Remuneration

Report for the financial year to 30 June 2022.

During FY2022, the Remuneration Committee

(Committee) continued its focus on achieving

remuneration outcomes that fairly reflect the

performance of BHP and the contribution

of our employees, and which are aligned

to the interests of shareholders and other

key stakeholders.

Our approach and framework

Our Charter sets out our values upon

which the Committee places great weight

in the determination of performance-based

remuneration outcomes for BHP executives.

Our Charter places health and safety at the

forefront of our values while setting out our

purpose, our strategy and how we measure

success. The Committee aims to support our

executives to take a long-term approach to

decision-making in order to build a sustainable

and value-adding business.

The Committee is focused on a remuneration

framework and approach that supports the

Group’s strategy and enables us to attract,

retain and motivate our executives located in

different geographies. This is critical to delivering

the best outcomes for all BHP stakeholders.

As BHP is a global organisation, the Committee

is also mindful of navigating the priorities and

expectations of multiple jurisdictions.

At the 2021 AGMs, we received strong support

for our remuneration framework and outcomes,

with over 97 per cent voting in favour of the

Remuneration Report. This means that over

the past five years we have received an

average of approximately 96 per cent support.

The Committee and the Board continue to

incorporate shareholder feedback into their

approach to remuneration.

FY2022 represents the third year of operation

of our revised remuneration framework and

we believe the framework is continuing to

serve stakeholders well. The key changes to

variable remuneration that took effect from

1 July 2019 for the CEO were to significantly

reduce the LTIP grant size from 400 per cent of

base salary (on a face value basis) to 200 per

cent, and a rebalancing to a CDP award with a

long-term focus. The CDP outcome is delivered

one-third as a cash award, with two-thirds

delivered in equity that is deferred equally for

two-year and five-year periods. This structure

aligns participants’ incentive remuneration

with performance over the short, medium and

long term.

We continue to benchmark the CEO and other

executives’ remuneration against CEO and

executive roles in other global companies of

similar complexity, size, reach and industry.

This detailed benchmarking ensures BHP’s

executive remuneration framework remains

competitive to attract, motivate and retain key

talented executives and is consistent with the

global market.

The majority of the CEO’s remuneration

package continues to be delivered in BHP

equity, not in cash, and the CEO’s remuneration

is deliberately tied to the performance of the

business. In addition, the CEO is required to

meet a MSR of five times pre-tax base salary

and this applies for two years post-retirement.

This ensures that the CEO’s remuneration is

aligned to the experience of BHP’s shareholders.

As at the date of this Report, the CEO’s BHP

shareholding is in excess of his MSR.

Business performance

I am pleased to say BHP’s performance

for FY2022 has been underpinned by safe,

reliable operations and firm demand for our

commodities. We completed another year

fatality free and we are unwavering in our effort

to improve safety, including the elimination of

sexual harassment, racism and bullying.

We delivered reliable operational performance

at Western Australia Iron Ore, with record sales

for a third consecutive year and the South Flank

project ramp up ahead of schedule. In copper,

Escondida in Chile achieved record material

mined and near-record concentrator throughput,

while Olympic Dam in South Australia performed

strongly in the fourth quarter after planned

smelter maintenance. Queensland metallurgical

coal ended the year with strong underlying

performance in the face of significant

wet weather.

We have made strong progress on actions

required to meet our commitments to reduce

operational GHG emissions, which are down

by 15 per cent since FY2017. We have further

progressed our emission reduction partnerships

with three major steelmakers in China and Japan

and we also entered a new partnership with a

fourth steelmaker in South Korea. The combined

output of these four steelmakers equates to

around 12 per cent of global steel production.

Our US$5.7 billion Jansen potash project in

Canada is tracking to plan and opportunities to

bring forward first potash production at Jansen

continue to be assessed. In addition, during

FY2022, we merged our Petroleum business

with Woodside, completed the sales of our

interests in BMC and Cerrejón, and following a

strategic review decided to retain New South

Wales Energy Coal. As a consequence, we will

seek approvals to continue mining until 2030.

We also unified our corporate structure, and

added to our global options in copper and nickel.

COVID-19 continued to impact in FY2022,

particularly in the areas of labour and supply

chain constraints. We remain vigilant with

continued social distancing and hygiene

practices, and other additional protocols as

appropriate to protect our workforce and

communities. Despite the challenges that the

COVID-19 pandemic continues to present, in

FY2022 BHP continued its approach to not

furlough any employees, did not seek any

government assistance, and did not raise

additional equity. In addition, BHP’s safe and

reliable operational performance through this

year, together with strong profitability, enabled

the Board to announce record dividends for

FY2022. This continues the delivery of strong

and consistent returns to shareholders.

FY2022 CDP

The CDP scorecard used to assess Mike

Henry’s annual performance comprises

stretching performance measures, including

HSEC, financial and individual performance

elements. For FY2022, the Committee

has assessed the CEO’s performance and

determined a CDP outcome of 96 per cent

against a target of 100 per cent (and 64 per cent

of the maximum).

For the HSEC element, the outcome took into

account BHP’s strong HSEC performance

during the year, with no fatalities recorded, the

strong progress against our Fatality Elimination

Program and delivery of our cultural heritage

commitments. This year we have also made

progress on the implementation of controls for

sexual harassment, although there remains

more to be done. We also saw strong progress

against our climate change targets, and our

progress in the management of priority tailings

storage facilities was pleasing. The CDP

outcome for the HSEC measures was 31 per

cent out of a target of 25 per cent.

Our financial performance was strong,

and during FY2022 shareholders have

again benefitted through record dividends.

However, after fully eliminating the positive

impacts of commodity prices during the year,

operating performance at our assets was

below the challenging internal targets set at

the commencement of the year. This is in part

due to higher than expected unplanned costs

and other impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic,

which flowed through into CDP outcomes

without moderation for FY2022. This is a

similar approach that was applied in FY2021

and FY2020 and has the effect of reducing the

remuneration outcomes for executives. The CDP

outcomes for the financial measure was 40 per

cent out of a target of 50 per cent.

Finally, from a personal performance

perspective, the Committee considered Mike

Henry’s performance against his individual

measures. These included projects and

initiatives in respect of social value (long

term growth in value and returns for all

stakeholders), people (right people, right skills,

coming together in the right way to support

exceptional performance), performance (material

improvement in the system that supports

exceptional performance) and portfolio (material

Christine O’Reilly

Chair, Remuneration Committee

letter of appointment that contains the terms on which Non-executive Directors will be appointed, including the basis upon

which they will be indemnified by the Group. The Board has adopted a policy under which all Non-executive Directors must seek re-election at the AGM

each year. As a result of requiring re-election each year, Non-executive Directors do not have a fixed term in their: letter of appointment.

The maximum aggregate fees payable to Non-executive

