letter and various further e-mail correspondence for the request for a shareholders’ meeting. The request to

call a shareholders’ meeting has for various reasons not been approved by the Independent Board of Brikor and,

accordingly, the directors applied to the court in terms of section 61(5) of the Companies Act for an order to

set aside the request for a shareholders’ meeting on the grounds that the request is frivolous and/or otherwise

vexatious.

Court proceedings have commenced in the High Court of South Africa under Case Number 11622/2020 and

court dates are being awaited subsequent to the receipt of an additional request for a shareholders’ meeting

as noted below.

As announced on SENS on 15 and 19 February 2021, the Company Secretary received a: letter for the request

for another shareholders’ meeting. The request to call a shareholders’ meeting has for various reasons not

been approved by the Independent Board of Brikor and, accordingly, the directors will in accordance with

the provision of section 61(5) of the Companies Act, apply to court for an order to set aside the request for a

shareholders’ meeting.

Included in trade and other payables is a remaining provision of R0,2 million (Feb 2021: R1,2 million) in respect

of legal fees relating to the matter noted above. The case could, however, result in additional future obligations

that would require the Group to raise additional cost in respect of legal fees. As a result of uncertainty relating

to the timing and amount of potential legal fees that would need to be incurred as well as the resultant outcome

of the court case, the exact amount cannot be measured reliably at the date of these consolidated and separate

financial statements.

Subsequently, as announced on SENS on 4 May 2021, shareholders were advised that the revised request to

call a shareholders’ meeting on 15 and 19 February 2021 have been withdrawn.

CORPORATE ACTIVITY AFTER THE REPORTING DATE

Grootfontein mine

On 6 June 2022, Brikor celebrated the launch of Kopanela Mining by breaking ground on the Grootfontein mine

in Nigel, Gauteng. Situated adjacent to Ilangabi, Kopanela Mining will create around 300 new jobs over the

next five years. In addition, it is expected to produce 50 000 tonnes per month with the potential to increase

production further. The Department of Mineral Resources and Energy (DMRE) has granted mining rights for a

period of 30 years.

The formation of Kopanela Mining affirms Brikor’s support and compliance with the DMRE’s objectives and

regulations by its 30% BBBEE ownership. This initiative will play a significant role in aiding recovery from the

impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the community by securing employment and financial sustainability to

many in Nigel.

CEO’s report

continued

letter granting

an Environmental Authorisation was received on 15 March 2021. A joint IWULA with Vlakfontein has been

submitted. A Section 11 application is under preparation for the transfer of the right into the name of Kopanela

Mining (Pty) Ltd (“Kopanela”). In the same manner, all future mining rights will be applied for in the name of

Kopanela.

The surrounding areas are dominated by farmlands, particularly dedicated to grazing and agriculture. The

Marievale Bird Sanctuary lies in close proximity to these projects. Two wetland areas have been identified on

the Grootfontein Project Area. These are excluded from the Coal Resources estimation, and cognisance of these

must be taken with layout and development planning. No further major environmental issues are highlighted in

the environmental studies and are mainly confined to disruption of topography. No major adverse impacts on:

letter, the audit plan and the budgeted audit fees payable to the

external auditors.

• No non-audit services were provided by the external auditors during the 2022 financial year.

Quality of

external audit

• The quality of the audit has been of a high standard with independence and objectivity always at the

forefront.

Approval of

annual and

interim financial

statements

• Considered the accounting treatments and the appropriateness of the accounting policies. The accounting

policies applied in the 2022 financial statements are consistent with those applied in the prior year.

• Reviewed a documented assessment by management of the going concern premise of the Company and

the Group before recommending to the Board that the Company and the Group will be going concerns in

the foreseeable future.

• Met separately with management and external auditors and was satisfied that there were no material

control weaknesses.

• Reviewed the representation: letter relating to the consolidated and separate financial statements.

• Ensured that appropriate financial reporting procedures exist and are working, which included

consideration of all entities included in the consolidated financial statements, and confirmed that the

Committee had access to all Brikor’s financial information to confirm the effective preparation and

reporting of the Group and Company’s financial statements.

• Examined the interim and annual financial information made public, prior to their approval by the Board.

Report of the Audit and Risk Committee

continued

for the year ended 28 February 2022

letter and

various further e-mail correspondence for the request for a shareholders’ meeting. The request to call a shareholders’ meeting

has for various reasons not been approved by the Independent Board of Brikor and, accordingly, the directors applied to the

court in terms of section 61(5) of the Companies Act for an order to set aside the request for a shareholders’ meeting on the

grounds that the request is frivolous and/or otherwise vexatious.

Court proceedings have commenced in the High Court of South Africa under Case Number 11622/2020 and court dates are

being awaited subsequent to the receipt of an additional request for a shareholders’ meeting as noted below.

As announced on SENS on 15 and 19 February 2021, the Company Secretary received a: letter for the request for another

shareholders’ meeting. The request to call a shareholders’ meeting has for various reasons not been approved by the

Independent Board of Brikor and, accordingly, the directors will in accordance with the provision of section 61(5) of the

Companies Act, apply to court for an order to set aside the request for a shareholders’ meeting.

As announced on SENS on 15 and 19 February 2021, the Company Secretary received a letter for the request for another

shareholders’ meeting. The request to call a shareholders’ meeting has for various reasons not been approved by the

Independent Board of Brikor and, accordingly, the directors will in accordance with the provision of section 61(5) of the

Companies Act, apply to court for an order to set aside the request for a shareholders’ meeting.

Included in trade and other payables is a remaining provision of R0,2 million (Feb 2021: R1,2 million) in respect of legal fees

relating to the matter noted above. The case could, however, result in additional future obligations that would require the Group

to raise additional cost in respect of legal fees. As a result of uncertainty relating to the timing and amount of potential legal

fees that would need to be incurred as well as the resultant outcome of the court case, the exact amount cannot be measured

reliably at the date of these consolidated and separate financial statements.

Subsequently, as announced on SENS on 4 May 2021, shareholders were advised that the revised request to call a shareholders’

meeting had been withdrawn.

EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD

Impact of COVID-19

COVID-19 still existed globally at the reporting date and is in itself not a subsequent event, however, the continuous extension

of the National State of Disaster, subsequent upliftment of the National State of Disaster (on 4 April 2022) and suggested

changes to health, social development, labour and other laws and regulations are events that occurred after the reporting date.

The impact of COVID-19 on accounting standards that require the use of forward-looking information was assessed based on

information available as at 28 February 2022 and has not resulted in any other adjustments and/or disclosures as the impact

was assessed to be not material.

Other

Other than as disclosed above and in these consolidated and separate financial statements, the Board is not aware of any

material events which occurred subsequent to the year ended 28 February 2022 and which need adjustment or disclosure.

letter and

various further e-mail correspondence for the request for a shareholders’ meeting. The request to call a shareholders’ meeting

has for various reasons not been approved by the Independent Board of Brikor and, accordingly, the directors applied to the court

in terms of section 61(5) of the Companies Act for an order to set aside the request for a shareholders’ meeting on the grounds

that the request is frivolous and/or otherwise vexatious.

Court proceedings have commenced in the High Court of South Africa under Case Number 11622/2020 and court dates are being

awaited subsequent to the receipt of an additional request for a shareholders’ meeting as noted below.

As announced on SENS on 15 and 19 February 2021, the Company Secretary received a: letter for the request for another

shareholders’ meeting. The request to call a shareholders’ meeting has for various reasons not been approved by the Independent

Board of Brikor and, accordingly, the directors will in accordance with the provision of section 61(5) of the Companies Act, apply

to court for an order to set aside the request for a shareholders’ meeting.

Included in trade and other payables is a remaining provision of R0,2 million (Feb 2021: R1,2 million) in respect of legal fees

relating to the matter noted above. The case could, however, result in additional future obligations that would require the Group

to raise additional cost in respect of legal fees. As a result of uncertainty relating to the timing and amount of potential legal fees

that would need to be incurred as well as the resultant outcome of the court case, the exact amount cannot be measured reliably

at the date of these consolidated and separate financial statements.

Subsequently, as announced on SENS on 4 May 2021, shareholders were advised that the revised request to call a shareholders’

meeting on 15 and 19 February 2021 have been withdrawn.

Letter of Representation to attend the AGM in person and vote, or, if they do not wish to attend the meeting in person, but wish to be represented thereat, provide their

CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and their CSDP or broker in the manner and cut-off

time stipulated therein.

An ordinary shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the AGM to be held at Brikor Limited, Plant 1 Main Boardroom, 1 Marievale Road, Vorsterskroon, Nigel at 10:00

on Thursday, 24 November 2022 is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend, speak or vote thereat in his/her stead. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company.

All forms of proxy must be lodged at the Company or the Company’s transfer secretaries, JSE Investor Services Proprietary Limited, 13th Floor, 19 Ameshoff Street,

Braamfontein, Johannesburg 2001 (PO Box 4844, Johannesburg, 2000) before the time appointed for the meeting, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays or

may be tendered at the meeting.

I/We (please print name in full)

of (address)

Telephone work:

Telephone home:

being an ordinary shareholder(s) of the company holding ordinary shares in the company do hereby appoint

1.

or failing him/her

2.

or failing him/her

3.

the chairman of the annual general meeting

or failing him/her the Chairperson of the AGM as my/our proxy to act for me/us at the AGM of the Company to be held on Thursday, 24 November 2022 and at any

adjournment thereof, for the purpose of considering, and, if deemed fit, to vote for or against the resolution with or without modification and/or to abstain from voting

thereon, in respect of ordinary shares in the issued capital of the Company registered in my/our name(s) in accordance with the following instructions:

Number of votes

(one per share)

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1:

Re-appointment of Mr Steve Naudé as Director

Ordinary resolution number 2:

Re-appointment of auditors, Nexia SAB&T, represented by Aadila Aboobaker

Ordinary resolution number 3:

Appointment of Mr Steve Naudé as member and Chairperson of the Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary resolution number 4:

Appointment of Ms Mamsy Mokate as member of the Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary resolution number 5:

Appointment of Ms Funeka Mtsila as member of the Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary resolution number 6:

The authorised and unissued ordinary share capital of the company be and is hereby placed under

the control of the directors

Ordinary resolution number 7:

General authority to allot and issue ordinary shares for cash

Ordinary resolution number 8:

Non-binding endorsement of Brikor’s Remuneration Policy

Ordinary resolution number 9:

Non-binding endorsement of Brikor’s Remuneration Implementation Report

Special resolution number 1:

General authority to the Company to repurchase its own shares

Special resolution number 2:

Approval of Non-Executive Directors’ fees

Special resolution number 3:

Section 45 authority to provide financial assistance to companies related to or inter-related to Brikor

Special resolution number 4:

Section 44 authority to provide financial assistance to companies related to or inter-related to Brikor

Ordinary resolution number 10:

Authorisation of the Directors to implement the special and ordinary resolutions

Insert an “X” in the appropriate block. If no indications are given, the proxy will vote as he/she deems fit. Each member entitled to participate and vote at the

meeting may appoint one or more proxies (who need not be a member of the Company) to attend, speak and vote in his/her stead.

Signed at

on

2022

Signature

Assisted by (where applicable)

Please read the notes on the reverse side hereof.

FORM OF PROXY

Brikor Limited

Registration number: 1998/013247/06 • Incorporated in the

Republic of South Africa • JSE code: BIK • ISIN: ZAE000101945

(“Brikor” or “the Company” or “the Group”):

