Managing Director at the beginning of 2007, a position he

held until the end of 2010. He remained a director of that company

until September 2011. Since November 2011, Mr Tolcher has been

self-employed as an independent Non-Executive Director and holds

directorships within a number of other fund structures domiciled in

Guernsey, including a number listed on the London Stock Exchange

and the International Stock Exchange. Mr Tolcher is a Chartered

Fellow of the Chartered Institute for Securities and Investment.

Mr Tolcher is a British citizen and is a resident of Guernsey.

Sean Gilbertson (50)

B S C ( M I N I N G E N G I N E E R I N G )

Chief Executive Officer − Executive Director

Sean Gilbertson graduated as a mining engineer from Wits University

in South Africa, having spent time in the country’s deep-level gold

and platinum mines. Mr Gilbertson worked as a project financier for

Deutsche Bank in Frankfurt and London, specialising in independent

power projects and public–private partnerships.

In 1998 Mr Gilbertson co-founded globalCOAL, a company that

played a central role in the commoditisation of the thermal coal industry,

and was appointed Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) in 2001 when the

business was acquired by industry players, including Anglo American

plc, BHP Billiton plc, Glencore International AG and Rio Tinto plc. He

was also co-founder of the pioneering Spectron eMetals trading platform

for category I and II members of the London Metals Exchange.

Mr Gilbertson was a co-founder of the Pallinghurst Group in 2005

and bore responsibility for Pallinghurst’s coloured gemstone strategy

from 2006 to 2017. After the unbundling of the Pallinghurst Group

in 2017/2018, Mr Gilbertson was appointed CEO of Gemfields

Group Limited on 31 March 2018 and remains CEO of Gemfields

Limited, Fabergé Limited and Kagem Mining Limited, on whose

boards he has served for more than a decade.

Mr Gilbertson is a British and South African citizen.:

letter from the Federal Ministry

of Mines in Ethiopia notifying the company of the termination of its

exploration license in southern Oromia. The: letter states, incorrectly,

that no exploration work has been carried out in the nine years since

the licence was issued, hence the termination. There was no

acknowledgement of the extensive exploration programme the

company has conducted, nor of the considerable investment made

to develop the licence, nor of the 2018 licence invasion and

subsequent force majeure circumstances that have prevented the

company from resuming operations. The company is formally

challenging the termination on the grounds that it was based on

IMAGE Mixed sapphires

letter

confirming their intention to renew the facility in 2023, subject to normal credit checks. Nevertheless, renewal of these facilities is not

necessary as Group has sufficient cash to meet its obligations under the base case.

MRM has also secured an additional USD15.0 million lease facility from BCI to finance the construction of the second treatment plant.

The drawdown of this facility will match the capital expenditure for this plant. The repayment of lease facility is not subject to any

covenants.

Scenario analysis – risk assessment

Under the base case MRM and Kagem continue with six to seven auctions scheduled per year in 2023 and 2024. Group revenues also

include direct sales, cut and polished sales, jewellery sales and inaugural gold and ruby sales by development assets. Capital expenditures

mainly comprise investments in mining equipment and infrastructural development. All existing debt facilities are available in 2023 and

2024, but are not required throughout the going concern period.

The base case forecast indicates that the Group has a significant cash headroom after settling all its liabilities as they fall due throughout the

going-concern assessment period. The going concern assessment is highly dependent upon the timing and size of the ruby and emerald

auctions held in 2023 and 2024, and to a lesser extent the ongoing inflationary pressures.

Several scenarios were modelled in the Directors’ assessment, including, but not limited to (i) a 30% reduction in revenues at Kagem, MRM

and Fabergé and increase in costs – 30% higher fuel costs and 10% increase in all other costs at Kagem and MRM across the going concern

period to 31 December 2024; and (ii) insurgency scenario assuming three insurgency months May-July in each year, six months in total.

(i)

Reduction in revenues and increase in costs scenario

The reduced revenue and increased costs scenario is designed to reflect the risks of:

•

Changing levels of demand resulting in deferrals in the planned auction schedule;

•

Any significant downside trends in the grade would have an impact on revenues. The up-to-date production profile remains

robust across both mines and the mix of high quality emeralds and rubies is above budget.

•

Potential implications on the Group’s operations in respect of the conflict in Ukraine, in particular on the operating cash base at

the mines. Trade disruptions together with soaring commodity prices have already affected our cost base across both mines with

diesel price expected to increase at USD1.5 per litre in FY23 (FY22: USD1.0-1.3 per litre).:

managing director of, and holds a beneficial interest in, Assore International Holdings Limited which in turn holds 326,569,660 ordinary shares in the

Company.

2 – Sean Gilbertson has an interest in Ordinary Shares, not included in the tabulated figure, by virtue of being a beneficiary of the Brian Patrick Gilbertson Discretionary

Settlement, a family trust which: (i) holds directly 27,659,667 Ordinary Shares and (ii) owns Autumn Holdings Asset Inc., which, in turn, holds a further 1,887,230 Ordinary

Shares.

3 – GigaJoule Ltd, a company wholly owned by Sean Gilbertson, may become entitled to 103,147 Ordinary Shares if a loan granted to a third party by GigaJoule Ltd is not

repaid.

The Company had 1,211,014,532 shares in issue at 31 December 2022 (2021: 1,169,478,030).

27. E V E N T S O CC U R R I N G A F T E R T H E E N D O F T H E P E R I O D

Cabo Delgado insurgency

On Sunday 12 February 2023, an attack attributed to insurgents took place in the village of Nairoto in the Cabo Delgado province of

Mozambique. The village of Nairoto lies: (i) approximately 15km south west of the exploration camp of Nairoto Resources Limitada

(“NRL”), in which Group owns 75%; and (ii) approximately 83km north of MRM, in which Group also owns 75%. As a consequence,

NRL has initiated the process of evacuating operational employees and contractors, and therefore operations at the site have ceased. There

is no present impact on operations at MRM.

Gemfields, MRM and NRL hold the health and safety of their employees and contractors as their highest priority and remain in regular

contact with government authorities.

The Group continues exploration and evaluation of the Nairoto licences which are all still valid and available to it to operate. Sustained

insurgent activity could impact the carrying value of NRL and management will assess the situation at the next reporting period.

Announcement of dividend payment

Off the back of the strong 2022 results and the future prospects, the Board have approved the payment of Gemfields’ 2022 final dividend

of USD35.0 million, or approximately USDc 2.9 per share. The dividend will be distributed to shareholders during the first half of 2023.

Approval of Consolidated Financial Statements

The Consolidated Financial Statements were approved by the Directors and authorised for issue on 23 March 2023.:

