DEAR STAKEHOLDERS

This is my first report as Gold Fields’

Chairperson since I took over from

Cheryl Carolus at the Company’s AGM

on 1 June 2022. It was an eventful year,

characterised by our nine-month

takeover bid for Yamana Gold, a

transaction we ultimately terminated, and

leadership changes within the Company.

However, as I reflect on the last year and

review Gold Fields’ performance, I am

proud to report that the Group started

implementing its new strategy, launched

in December 2021, throughout 2022

and emerged from the year in a

stronger position.

We maximised the potential from our

current assets through people and

innovation during 2022. Once again,

Gold Fields met its production and cost

guidance – one of the few gold miners

that achieved this – while our mines

generated almost US$900m in cash.

This enabled us to fund growth, pay

record dividends to shareholders and

reduce net debt to the Company’s lowest

level in over a decade.

In 2022, management started

implementing key programmes to evolve

Gold Fields’ culture, which we identified

as part of our strategy development.

The Board actively supports building a

culture of care and respect among our

increasingly diverse, inclusive and

supportive workforce. Above all, this

means keeping our workforce physically

and psychologically safe, and, as such,

Gold Fields expanded its definition of

zero harm to embed our zero-tolerance

approach to harassment, bullying and

discrimination. The Board commissioned

an independent review for employees to

share their experiences in this regard,

and we will use the feedback from our

people to work with management in

addressing any shortcomings. We will

release the report’s key findings and

action programmes in H2 2023.

We still have a lot of work to do in all

areas of safety. We recorded a fatal

incident at our St Ives mine in Australia

and five serious injuries during 2022.

Subsequent to year-end, we had a fatal

incident at our Tarkwa mine in Ghana,

and two contractors died after a vehicle

accident at the Galiano Gold-managed

Asanko JV, also in Ghana. We again

express our heartfelt condolences to the

families of those affected and commit our

teams to continuously strengthen our

safety systems, standards and

behaviours.

Successfully managing ESG issues is

intrinsic to Gold Fields’ long-term

success, and we continue to build on our

leading commitments to ESG. In

December 2021, we took a significant

step on this journey by committing to a

range of 2030 ESG-related targets for

our six sustainability priorities. We started

implementing the targets in 2022 and

are on track to meet them by 2030.

Two highlights for Pillar 2 during the year

included the launch of two new solar

plants and the almost US$1bn in value

we created for our host communities.

The Yamana Gold transaction sought to

address the third pillar of our strategy,

namely to grow the value and quality of

our portfolio of assets. The Board still

believes a successful Yamana Gold bid

would have been a composite solution

by providing a portfolio of operating

mines and a pipeline of longer-term

growth or replacement options in

favourable jurisdictions. But, in line with

the Company’s commitment to financial

prudence, the Board decided to walk

away from the deal when rival bidders

emerged. The net break fee of

US$202m (after taxes and costs) was a

windfall to shareholders by boosting the

final dividend and further reducing the

Company’s debt.

That we ultimately did not go through

with the transaction is certainly not a

failure of Gold Fields’ strategy, as some

market participants have suggested.

Yamana Gold was not the only option

Gold Fields considered when assessing

future growth options, and our

management team continues analysing

other alternatives. Where these

alternatives involve potential acquisitions,

we are more focused on incremental

growth at operational level than on

transformational, large-scale mergers

and acquisitions.

“ Gold Fields will explore

its growth options

from a position of

strength, bolstered

by high-quality mines

and projects, a robust

balance sheet and

world-class operational

management.”

Yunus Suleman

Gold Fields Integrated Annual Report 2022

IAR

20:

DEAR STAKEHOLDERS

Despite a challenging year for the gold

mining industry and our business,

Gold Fields emerged from 2022 in

sound financial and operational health.

This was thanks to the commitment of

our people and their ongoing execution

of our strategy, underscored by our

purpose of creating enduring value

beyond mining for the benefit of our

stakeholders.

After launching our current strategy in

late 2021, this past year saw our teams

implementing and embedding the

Group’s three strategic pillars across the

business. While doing this, we navigated

another challenging year driven by

volatile gold prices and currency

movements, shortages of critical skills in

our regions, high mining cost inflation

and supply chain challenges. The

Covid-19 pandemic, though muted,

continued to impact some of our

operations.

For Gold Fields, 2022 was dominated

by our bid to acquire Yamana Gold, a

transaction we ultimately terminated

when rival bidders emerged and we

chose not to increase our offer beyond

fair value. There have also been

significant leadership changes within the

Company – most notably, the Board

appointed a new Chairperson, Yunus

Suleman, and a new director, Cristina

Bitar, while our former CEO, Chris Griffith,

stepped down in December. Four

Executive Committee (Exco) members

resigned during 2022. For more details

on these changes, see p27.

Gold Fields’ strategy remains focused on

the following pillars:

z Pillar 1: Maximise the potential from

our current assets through people and

innovation

z Pillar 2: Build on our leading

commitment to ESG

z Pillar 3: Grow the value and quality

of our portfolio of assets

The Board has reaffirmed its support

of Gold Fields’ strategy and supports

management as it drives its

implementation.

The Yamana Gold transaction was in

support of our third strategic pillar, and

I believe it could have been the right

composite solution to address the

longer-term challenges facing Gold

Fields and the global gold sector in

general. However, it was not the only

option Gold Fields considered when

assessing our strategic options, and we

will continue working on the alternatives.

While mergers and acquisitions will likely

be part of Gold Fields’ future growth,

large transformative transactions are

unlikely options, and we will instead

focus on smaller transactions.

In line with this, and subsequent to

year-end, we announced a proposed

JV in Ghana, managed by Gold Fields,

to create Africa’s largest gold mine by

combining our Tarkwa mine with

AngloGold Ashanti’s neighbouring

Iduapriem mine. If approved by

government, it will contribute

approximately 600koz of attributable

production to the Group over the next

five years at sustaining costs of less than

US$1,000/oz (see p83).

Our 2022 results again confirmed a solid

operational performance by our mines,

and whatever options we pursue to

expand our future pipeline, Gold Fields

will do so from a position of strength.

Attributable gold production for 2022 at

2.40Moz, All-in cost (AIC) at US$1,320/oz

and All-in sustaining costs (AISC) at

US$1,105/oz were in line with revised

guidance, despite significant mining cost

inflation at all our operations. As a result,

our shareholders benefited from

increased normalised earnings and, with

it, improved dividends as committed. Our

balance sheet remains healthy and has

been bolstered by the net US$202m

break fee (after tax and costs) paid to us

by Yamana Gold.

Our high-quality, near-term growth also

sets us apart from our global peers.

Salares Norte in Chile is progressing to

deliver first gold later this year and is

building up to full production in 2024

and 2025 at low cost. In South Africa,

South Deep performed well in recent

years and is on track to ramp-up to

around 380koz by 2025. In addition, our

Australian mines continue to deliver a

strong Mineral Reserve position, enabling

these operations to extend their

lives-of-mine and consistently produce

a combined 1Moz of gold a year.

During the year, our management team

identified a number of key strategic

initiatives to deliver on the three pillars of

our strategy. We commenced work on all

“ Gold Fields’ current portfolio

of mines has put us in a

strong position to achieve

steady production growth and

financial stability over the

next three years.”

Martin Preece

Gold Fields Integrated Annual Report 2022

IAR

26:

