Dear shareholders and stakeholders

Harmony achieved its objectives of delivering safe and profitable

ounces, while advancing its strategy of becoming a low-cost,

and globally competitive gold and copper producer. We

continued to create value for our shareholders and stakeholders

in South Africa and Papua New Guinea.

I am pleased to report that Harmony produced approximately

1.5Moz of gold in FY22, through continued sustainable mining

practices.

The higher average gold price received, including hedging and

improved revenue, enabled Harmony to declare a final dividend

of 22 South African cents (1 US cent) per share. An interim

dividend of 40 cents per share was paid in April 2022. Dividends

are paid on the basis that the company is sustainable and that

dividend payments will not inhibit future value-enhancing

growth opportunities.

We are encouraged by investors who still consider gold as a safe

haven asset and a hedge against geopolitical uncertainty in

periods of extreme volatility.

On 6 October 2022, Harmony announced that it had entered

into an agreement to acquire the entity that owns 100% of the

Eva Copper Project and a package of regional exploration

tenements from Copper Mountain Mining Corporation in

Australia. This acquisition will position Harmony well and scale

Supporting a sustainable global transition

Harmony’s strategic decisions are guided and underpinned by

four strategic pillars, namely: operational excellence; responsible

stewardship; cash certainty; and effective capital allocation.

We are committed to taking appropriate climate action

measures, which includes reaching net-zero carbon emissions

by 2045.

The importance of copper and silver, in the global transition

towards a low-carbon economy will add to the long-term value

proposition of Harmony. To meet demand and limit the increase

in the global average temperature to 1.5°C, worldwide

production of base metals is expected to increase exponentially

over the next 30 years. The mining industry’s contribution to

climate action could rise even faster as the energy needed to

meet growing demand surges.

Harmony invested in decarbonisation by setting science-based

targets to reduce emissions in line with the Paris Agreement

goals, implementing energy efficiency and renewable energy

initiatives and allocating capital towards projects and metals that

advance our decarbonisation strategy.

Our Social Labour Plans and Corporate Social Investment

expenditure are enabling community resilience to climate

change and are supporting a sustainable transition to a

low-carbon world.

Since 2016, initiatives at Harmony’s operations saved 1.3TWh of

electricity, translating to a reduction of 1.5 million tons of carbon

dioxide and over R1.3 billion in electricity costs.

Harmony’s decarbonisation strategy aims to create lasting impact

and a sustainable future for our stakeholders. As we continue to

become even more energy-efficient and begin to switch to

lower-cost renewable power, energy costs and carbon emissions

will reduce. Fast-tracking decarbonisation initiatives reduces

risks, helping Harmony to position for the expected tightening of

carbon regulations. Harmony has secured early long-term access

to renewable power with potential for other scarce sustainable

resources such as low-carbon hydrogen.

Harmony will also benefit from more flexible, sustainability-

linked funding, as outlined by our CEO in his report. The

company has secured new debt facilities that tie finance costs to

achieving sustainability targets. In addition, a R1.5 billion green

loan has been ring-fenced to fund phase 2 of the 137MW

renewable solar energy rollout.

Harmony renewable energy rollout plan

2023

to

2024

Phase 1

30MW

(75GWh per annum)

Peak PV energy

generation

Tshepong

10MW

Eland

10MW

Nyala

8MW

2024

to

2025

Phase 2

137MW

(343GWh per annum)

2025

to

2026

Phase 3

56MW

(139GWh per annum)

2026

First

interim target

20%

CO2e reduction

2031

Second

interim target

40%

CO2e reduction

2036

Third

interim target

60%

CO2e reduction

2045

Net-zero

carbon

emissions

Read more about Harmony’s focus on ESG matters in the Social and ethics committee chairperson’s report in the ESG report.

9

Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited Integrated annual report 2022

8

Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited Integrated annual report 2022

OUR BUSINESS

HOW WE CREATE VALUE

WORLD IN WHICH WE CREATE VALUE

GOVERNING WITH PURPOSE

THE VALUE WE’VE CREATED

ANCILLARY INFORMATION:

letter (cases including

other conditions, specifically tuberculosis, are not included in this number)

Social and labour plans (SLPs)

Social and labour plans aimed at promoting employment and advancing the social and economic welfare of all South Africans while

ensuring economic growth and socio-economic development as stipulated in the MPRDA

Term

Definition

SOP

Standard operating procedure

Tailings/TSF

Tailings are finely ground rock of low residual value from which valuable minerals have been extracted. Discarded tailings are

deposited and stored in tailings storage facilities (TSF)

TB

Tuberculosis

TCFD

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. The task force, established in 2015 by the Financial Stability Board (FSB), will

develop voluntary, consistent climate-related financial risk disclosures for use by companies to provide information to investors,

banks, lenders and insurers. Increasing the amount of reliable information on financial institutions’ exposure to climate-related risks

and opportunities will strengthen the stability of the financial system, contribute to greater understanding of climate-related risks and

facilitate financing the transition to a more stable and sustainable economy

Tonne/ton (t)

Metric = 1 000 kilograms/Imperial = 2 000 pounds (1 016 kilograms)

UASA

Formerly the United Association of South Africa, now known as UASA

US

United States of America

US$

United States dollar

Volume of mineral waste disposed (tonnes)

Mineral waste consists of waste rock and slimes/tailings:

• Waste rock refers to the amount of waste rock produced and/or hoisted to surface and placed on a waste rock disposal site during

the reporting year

• Slimes/tailings refers to the total amount of slimes/tailings produced by the processing plant during the reporting month.

Waste

Material with insufficient mineralisation for future treatment and discarded

Water used for primary activity (kilolitres)

The total make-up or new water drawn into the boundaries of the operation from all sources (including surface water, groundwater

and municipal water supply or water utilities) for use for mining and processing-related activities including use by contractors

(excludes internally recycled water, affected fissure water, water discharged to receiving environment and supply to third parties such

as communities and businesses)

Weighted average number of ordinary shares

Number of ordinary shares in issue at the beginning of the year, increased by shares issued during the year, weighted on a time basis

for the period in which they have participated in the income of the company, and increased by share options that are virtually certain

to be exercised

Yield

Amount of valuable mineral or metal recovered from each unit mass of ore expressed as ounces per short ton or grams per metric

tonne

129

Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited Integrated annual report 2022

128

Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited Integrated annual report 2022

OUR BUSINESS

HOW WE CREATE VALUE

WORLD IN WHICH WE CREATE VALUE

GOVERNING WITH PURPOSE

THE VALUE WE’VE CREATED

ANCILLARY INFORMATION:

