Letter from the outgoing Chairperson

18

Introducing the new Chairperson

19

Chief Executive Officer’s review

21

Risks and opportunities

24

Market overview

33

OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

04

Operational, projects and

financial review

35

GOVERNANCE

05

Board overview

44

Corporate governance

46

Section 172 statement

51

Engaging our stakeholders

52

Directors’ report

56

COMMITMENT TO SUSTAINABILITY

06

Our contribution to achieving

the SDGs

62

Our employees

65

Safety and health

69

Environmental management

and stewardship

75

Our communities

84

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

07

Independent auditor’s report to

the members of Jubilee Metals

Group Plc

88

Group and Company statements

of financial position

92

Group and Company statements

of comprehensive income

93

Group and Company statements

of changes in equity

94

Group and Company statements

of cash flows

96

Notes to the Group and Company

financial statements

97

ANCILLARY INFORMATION

08

Shareholder analysis

156

Forward looking statement

157

Administrative information

158

Contents

Jubilee Metals Group Integrated Annual Report 2022

1:

Letter from the outgoing Chairperson: Dear Stakeholders,

Since we first listed, it is fair to say the Company has been a

trailblazer in the sector. At the time we entered South Africa’s

Bushveld Complex in 2004, the rich resources of that world-

famous geological phenomenon were locked up in concessions

tightly held by several major mining companies and the barriers to

entry were immense. Prior to our and others’ entry to that space,

the phrase ‘junior explorer’ was almost non-existent in the South

African mining context.

Thanks to our perseverance, coupled with significant reform of the

country’s mineral and mining legislative landscape that coincided

with our entry into South Africa, we have been able to forge a

unique path in one of the most valuable mining jurisdictions in

the world. We realised early on that, to develop any mining project

in the best way, access to industry-leading processing technology

would not only facilitate Jubilee’s development into an established,

independent producer, but would also prevent us from becoming

a contractor to the majors, either through joint venture or onerous

toll treatment contracts.

This then, was the rationale behind our merger with Braemore

Resources, which gave us access to a whole new spectrum of

activities within the PGM-industry.

Most significantly, as part of that transaction, we were able to

retain the services of Leon Coetzer, whose career in the field of

mineral processing technology was formidable. I stood down

from the Chief Executive Officer role not long after the Braemore

Resources transaction was consummated, clearing the way for

Leon to implement our new strategy.

Over more than a decade working with Leon, I have been fortunate

enough to witness at close hand his drive and tenacity in creating

something special in South Africa’s PGM sector. On a much greater

scale, Leon’s vision and natural entrepreneurship is infectious and

together over the years we have been able to attract some of the

top minds and operators in the processing business to build the

capacity required to reach our goals.

The mark of any good leader is one who rises to the challenges,

and like any growth company Jubilee has faced and overcome

adversity as we have transitioned from junior platinum explorer to

fully fledged multi-metal producer.

Perhaps the greatest challenge tackled by the Company, and

certainly a notable challenge of my career, has been the Covid-19

pandemic, which catapulted businesses across the globe, not

to mention all our lives, into unprecedented territory. The

implementation of emergency measures to manage the spread of

the virus not only significantly restricted the movement of people

but resulted in the massive upheaval in global logistics, particularly

in the shipped transport of goods from the Far East. In learning

to operate in a world with novel operating challenges, Jubilee has

demonstrated that it has been able to weather the storm, continue

production, and continue its upward growth trajectory. I firmly

believe that the last two years have proved our resilience as a

company and made us stronger for the difficulties faced.

Despite the ongoing impact of Covid-19, our employees and

contractors remained safe, and Jubilee’s operations continued

apace, reaching major milestones, the most significant of which

included the completion and recommissioning of the Inyoni PGM

and chrome facility in South Africa, and realising the first copper

production from Project Roan in Zambia.

Other key achievements of the Company over the last year

included the significant increase in chrome ore beneficiation

capacity in South Africa, enabling us to target production of

1.2 million tonnes of chrome concentrate per annum, the delivery

of the Southern Copper Refining Strategy in Zambia, which

targets to produce up to 12 000 tonnes of copper units per annum

initially, and 50 000 tonnes over the mid-term. The development

and construction of the South African and Zambian operations

will form a solid platform for global growth, embracing all of the

fundamentals that enabled our initial success.

Climate change and the green energy transition has become an

increasingly crucial point on the global agenda since our primary

listing on the LSE’s Alternative Investment Market twenty years

ago. As a company involved in treating, deriving value from, and

rehabilitating environmentally hazardous tailings, and one that

produces some of the metals critical to facilitating a low carbon

future, this is a shift we have fully embraced.

Our work in treating historic Zambian tailings dumps aptly highlights

this, and I know that the Company will relish the opportunity

to continue to positively affect the lives of Zambians through

environmental rehabilitation and socio-economic partnerships.

We have always been and will always remain, committed to our

responsibility to enhance sustainable growth and return to our

investors, a consideration at the forefront of every Company

decision. Jubilee is now well-positioned to expand globally.

I also welcome the new Chairperson, Ollie Oliveira. Ollie’s

appointment has been made with the Company and Shareholders’

best interests foremost, and it will ensure that the Board’s

composition meets the highest standards of corporate governance

expected of London-listed companies.

I have absolute confidence in Ollie’s ability to guide Jubilee to

continued success. I continue to be involved with Jubilee in an

advisory capacity and look forward to seeing the new heights to

which I know Ollie and Leon will take the Company.

Colin Bird

24 October 2022

1. Introduction

2. About us

4. Operational and

financial review

3. Business context

Jubilee Metals Group Integrated Annual Report 2022

18

