letter was received following the arrest and subsequent release, without

charge, of two senior employees of the Company by the RoC police. Neither the employees nor the Company have been

informed of the reason for the arrests.

•

The Company provided a response to the Minister on 11 November 2022. On 17 December 2022, the Company met in

person with the Minister, and the discussion included a further update on the progress towards financing Kola. At the

end of the meeting the Minister expressed his thanks for how the Company responded to his most recent: letter and

assured the Company of his and the RoC Government’s ongoing support for Kore Potash and to develop the Kola

Project.

•

Since this time the Company has held multiple meetings with the Minister of Mines and is assured that the Company

has and will continue to have his full support and that the Company’s tenements in the RoC remain in good standing.

•

Subsequent to the end of the period on the 24 January 2023, the Company announced the updated Dougou Extension

PFS and Production Target.

SUMMARY OF FINANCIALS

•

During the Period, the Group’s Total Comprehensive Loss was USD 10,174,361 (2021: Loss USD 13,470,876), and the

Group experienced net cash outflows from operating and investing activities of USD 5,744,285 (2021: USD 7,499,811

million). Cash and cash equivalents totalled USD 5,046,629 as at 31 December 2022 (2021: USD 11,092,509).

•

Group net assets decreased in the year to USD 167,650,279 (2021: USD 177,419,886). This was primarily driven by a

USD 5,064,934 increase in exploration expenditure capitalised offset by a USD 8,949,642 reduction in the capitalised

exploration costs due to the strengthening of the USD against the currency of the RoC.

•

The

letter of appointment for an initial term of six years after which the re-election will be subject to a review to ensure

the Board remains progressive. The appointment of the NED may be terminated by the Company giving one month notice, by

the NED by immediate notice and also in accordance with the Company’s articles of association.

Indemnifying Officers and Directors and Officers Liability Insurance

The Company indemnifies all directors of the Company named in this report and current and former executive officers of the

Company and its controlled entities against all liabilities to persons (other than the Company or the related body corporate) which

arise out of the performance of their normal duties as director or executive officer unless the liability relates to conduct involving

bad faith. The company also has a policy to indemnify the directors and executive officers against all costs and expenses incurred

in defending an action that falls within the scope of the indemnity and any resulting payments.

During the year, the Company has paid a premium in respect of directors’ and executive officers’ insurance. The contract contains

a prohibition of disclosure of the amount of the premium and the nature of the liabilities under the policy.:

Letter of Appointment in

place to ensure they clearly understand the requirements

of their role.

Details of executive directors’ service contracts and the

Chairman’s and NEDs’ appointment letters are provided

within the Directors Report, copies of all of which are also

available for inspection by request at the Company’s

registered office during normal business hours and at the

AGM.

The number of meetings of the Board and its committees

and the individual attendance by directors is set out within

the Directors Report.

15. When making new appointments, the board should take

into account other demands on directors’ time. Prior to

appointment, significant commitments should be disclosed

with an indication of the time involved. Additional external

appointments should not be undertaken without prior

approval of the board, with the reasons for permitting

significant appointments explained in the annual report.

Full-time executive directors should not take on more than

one non-executive directorship in a FTSE 100 company or

other significant appointment.

Directors are required to disclose prior appointments and

other significant commitments and are required to inform

the Board of any changes or additional commitments in a

timely manner. Details of the external appointments can be

found on pages 27 to 29. Before accepting new

appointments, directors are required to obtain approval

from the Chairman and the Chairman requires approval

from the whole Board. It is essential that no appointment

causes a conflict of interest or impacts on the Director’s

commitment and time spent with the Group in their existing

appointment.

16 All directors should have access to the advice of the

company secretary, who is responsible for advising the

board on all governance matters. Both the appointment

and removal of the company secretary should be a matter

for the whole board.

All directors have access to the advice and services of the

joint company secretaries and each director, and each

Board committee member may obtain independent

professional advice at the Company’s expense, subject to

prior notification to the other NEDs and the joint company

secretaries. The joint company secretaries are accountable

directly to the Board through the Chairman. The Company

currently has two joint company secretaries, one based in

London, and one based in Australia. Both the appointment

and removal of the company secretary is a matter for the

whole Board.:

letter of appointment for an initial term of six

years (with the exception of the Chairman whose

agreement continues until terminated by the Board or in

accordance with its terms). The appointment of the NED

may be terminated by the Company giving one month

notice, by the NED by immediate notice and also in

accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association.:

letter of appointment. The: letter summarises the

Board’s policies and terms, including remuneration, relevant to the office of director.

