letter of the findings.

During the year, the compliance function provided reports to the

Management Risk Committee and the Social, Ethics and

Transformation Committee on the level of regulatory compliance

by the Company to the applicable mining and related legislation,

regulations, standards, best practices and codes that have been

identified to be of importance.

The compliance function reports operationally to the Company

Secretary and has regular direct contact with the Chief Financial

Officer, Chief Executive and senior management. In addition, the

compliance function attends key management and governance

meetings.

Annual compliance certificate

The annual compliance certificate confirming the Company’s

compliance with the JSE Listings Requirements for the period was

completed and will be submitted to the JSE on 14 April 2023.

Trading in securities

Kumba has a defined trading in securities policy, which is in

alignment with the JSE Listings Requirements, and sets out

provisions as to how trading is to be conducted by Kumba’s

directors, directors of Kumba’s major subsidiaries, the Company

Secretary and relevant employees, when dealing in the Company’s

securities, to prevent the misuse of inside information.

The Kumba policy and JSE Listings Requirements prohibit directors

and employees from trading in any securities relating to Kumba

without obtaining prior approval from the Chairperson of the Board

or other designated directors.

Directors are also required to publicly disclose any dealings in the

Company’s securities by themselves or their associates. The

JSE Listings Requirements has defined closed periods that prohibits

trading in Kumba securities during these periods:

– the time period from 1 January every year to the date on which

the annual financial results are published (1 January 2022 to

22 February 2022)

– the time period from 1 July every year to the date on which interim

financial results are published (1 July 2022 to 26 July 2022)

– any period when Kumba is trading under a cautionary

announcement

The prohibition applies equally to the directors, executive and

designated employees’ associates. At the start of a closed period,

directors and employees are formally advised of the

commencement and duration of the closed period. In addition, ad

hoc trading embargoes are imposed on individuals who possess

price-sensitive information of a particular nature, at any given time,

if it is the opinion of Kumba that there exists a risk of insider trading.

Sponsor

Kumba fully understands the role and responsibilities of the sponsor

stipulated in the JSE Listings Requirements and has cultivated a

good working relationship with its sponsor, Rand Merchant Bank.

The Company is satisfied that the sponsor has executed its

mandate with due care and diligence for the year under review.

Corporate governance cont.

Komatsu 830E truck next to safety signage at Kolomela.

32

Kumba Iron Ore Limited

Integrated Report 2022

Introduction

Our business

Governance

Our operating context

Our strategy and

performance

Appendices:

letter to the Transnet chair, Dr Molefe, expressing concern

about the severe impact that Transnet’s deteriorating

performance is having on the bulk commodity mining

industry and the country, and calling for urgent and

radical intervention. The: letter, signed by council president

Nolitha Fakude, called for various immediate interventions to

be taken, including changing the management team of both

Transnet SOC and TFR, recruiting industry experts to work

directly with the Board, and establishing multi-disciplinary

“war rooms” for each rail corridor. In late December,

the Council and Transnet announced an agreement to

collaborate on long-standing problems and to maximise

the bulk export potential, by working together to stabilise

the SOE’s infrastructure and establish an oversight panel,

a recovery steering committee, and channel optimisation

teams for each of the major commodities – coal, iron ore,

manganese and chrome. The oversight panel is made up

of the principals and office bearers of the Minerals Council

and the Transnet board, and is jointly chaired by the Minerals

Council president and the chair of the Transnet board.

It will guide the work of a recovery steering committee, and

work towards rebuilding good relations between mining

companies and Transnet’s executives and management.

The five-a-side recovery steering committee, made up

of Transnet board members, the Minerals Council Chief

Executive, and Chief Executive representatives of the bulk

commodities, will agree on practical solutions to improve

flows across the system.

The mining sector has also developed a comprehensive

partnership proposal aimed at bringing the country’s rail and

port infrastructure to global standards, providing access to

urgently needed capital to fix the deteriorating rail and port

network, improving the infrastructure decay on our roads,

and accelerating the introduction of emerging miners to the

rail network.

Provide leadership through

responsible citizenship (page 62)

Proactively engaging with key

stakeholders (page 62)

Capitals materially impacted:

Operating context cont.

Kolomela mine load out station.

41

Kumba Iron Ore Limited

Integrated Report 2022

Introduction

Our business

Governance

Our operating context

Our strategy and

performance

Appendices

Letter from the Chairperson of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee (Remco)

Effective delivery of Kumba’s long-term growth strategy depends ultimately on the quality of its people

and the strength of its leadership team. Our role as the Remco is to ensure that the Company has the right

remuneration and incentive policies and practices in place so that Kumba continues to attract, motivate,

and retain the best people. In addition to directly influencing Kumba’s ability for long-term value creation,

a company’s remuneration practices are also of particular interest to many of its stakeholders.

Delivering on our responsibilities as Remco

This year marks the culmination of Kumba’s 2017-2022

Tswelelopele strategy; One of the core objectives of this strategy is

to be the employer of choice in the South African mining sector.

Remco’s primary responsibility is to assist Kumba to deliver on this

objective by ensuring that we have appropriate remuneration and

reward practices in place – especially at the executive level – for

Kumba to successfully recruit, incentivise and retain talent in a

particularly competitive environment.

As a committee, we strive to ensure that Kumba provides

competitive remuneration that is seen as fair and appropriate in

the context of general market conditions and overall employee

remuneration, and that provides the right incentives to ensure

delivery of the Company’s strategic objectives over the short,

medium and long term.

Each year, we assess the performance of Kumba’s executive team

and overall workforce against the Kumba business unit scorecard,

as agreed with Anglo American and sanctioned by this Remco.

Members of the executive team are mutually responsible for

delivering on the scorecard’s operational and strategic objectives,

and ultimately are held accountable by the Chief Executive and the

Board for their individual contribution to achieving the team goals.

The Chief Executive is measured against her personal scorecard,

which is aligned with the Kumba scorecard. Remco is also

responsible for reviewing the Company’s remuneration disclosure

in Kumba’s annual integrated report to ensure that it is accessible,

accurate and complete, and that it is aligned with best practice

governance requirements. Through this disclosure, we strive to

provide sufficient forward looking information for shareholders to

assess the remuneration policy and to approve a resolution in terms

of section 66(9) of the Companies Act, 2008.

Kumba’s Remco engages independent remuneration consultants

(Bowmans) who report directly to the Committee, The Remco has

reviewed this remuneration report. We believe it provides an

accurate and objective account of the company-wide remuneration

policy and its implementation for 2022, and that the policy has met

its objectives.

Key Remco decisions and activities in 2022

Reflecting on Remco’s activities in 2022, there are four

developments that I wish to highlight:

– We successfully launched Kumba’s new hybrid ESOP scheme,

Semela, replacing the Karolo ESOP scheme that had been in

place since 2018. Under Karolo, around 5,500 qualifying

employees were awarded R20,000 (escalated annually with CPI)

worth of free Kumba shares on an annual basis for three years,

with a three-year vesting period for each award. The new Semela

scheme has a hybrid design, comprising an evergreen

component of non-transferable SIOC shares, and a vesting

component of around R20,000 per employee of Kumba shares

per annum. The Semela scheme was approved by the SIOC

Board in May 2022 and by SIOC shareholders at the 2022 SIOC

AGM, and formally launched in July 2022.

– With effect from 1 January 2022, we commenced with the

implementation of our updated employee housing policy at

Kumba’s operations. The new policy places greater emphasis on

homeownership over rental options, provides for recent regulatory

and policy developments, and is fully aligned with the Housing

and Living Conditions Standard for the South African mining and

minerals industry, as well as with Kumba’s long-term sustainability

objectives. After experiencing higher than anticipated levels of

interest in home ownership, particularly for the purchase of

company-owned rental accommodation, we have a dedicated

housing project manager, with the support of a collaborative

working group, to identify and develop alternative solutions to

rebalance supply and demand.

– In our May 2002 meeting – and against the backdrop of the

prevailing market settlement trends and inflationary outlook at

the time – the Remco reviewed the average salary adjustment

mandate agreed as part of the 2020 wage agreement with

Kumba’s recognised trade unions. Given that the year-on-year

headline consumer price index was significantly higher than the

agreed multi-year wage agreement adjustment for the period, the

Remco mandated Kumba’s management team to engage with

the recognised trade unions to honour the agreement proviso.

The wage negotiations team reached an agreement with all three

unions within one day, with unions agreeing to a R1,400 monthly

base salary increase across the Board, effective 1 July 2022. With

Kumba’s 2020 three-year wage agreement drawing to a close on

30 June 2023, we are preparing for negotiations on a renewed

wage agreement to be effective and implemented as of

1 July 2023.

– Following a review across the group’s businesses of Anglo

American’s breakthrough accelerator short-term incentive

initiative, the Anglo American Group Management Committee

(GMC) approved a replacement structure, the “Exceptional

Performance awards“. These awards will recognise and reward

individuals or small teams that have delivered exceptional,

out-of-day-job, demonstrable results, with awards being granted

twice per annum.

Further details on key discussions throughout the year are provided

in the full report below.

Appreciation

I wish to thank my colleagues on Remco for their advice and support

in ensuring that we deliver on our mandate. On behalf of Remco,

I extend our collective thanks to the executive team, management

and employees for their commitment this year. Finally, I would like to

acknowledge Kumba’s shareholders and proxies who provide

valuable insights on our remuneration activities. I encourage all our

stakeholders reading this report to please give us any additional

feedback on the Company’s remuneration practices.

Ntombi Langa-Royds

Chairperson of the Human Resources and Remuneration

Committee

17 March 2023

77

Kumba Iron Ore Limited

Integrated report 2022

Introduction

Our business

Governance

Our operating context

Our strategy and

performance

Appendices:

