Letter from the Chair

10

Strategic

report

12-83

Our business model

14

Market context

18

Our strategy

20

Strategic framework

20

Chief Executive Officer’s strategic review

22

Key performance indicators

30

Section 172 statement

32

Mondi Action Plan 2030

(including our TCFD disclosure)

36

Business unit trading review

66

Financial review

68

Principal risks

72

Viability statement

82

Governance

84-153

Chair’s introduction

86

Board of directors

88

Executive Committee and Company Secretary

90

Corporate governance report

92

Nominations Committee

107

Audit Committee

112

Sustainable Development Committee

121

Remuneration report

124

Other statutory information

152

Financial

statements

154-256

Directors’ responsibility statement

157

Independent auditors’ report

158

Financial statements

171

Production statistics and exchange rates

239

Group financial record

240

Alternative Performance Measures

242

Additional information for shareholders

249

Shareholder information

251

Glossary of sustainability-related terms

255:

Letter from the Chair

Welcome to Mondi’s Integrated report

for 2022. The year has been marked by

very significant external challenges, not

least the devastating conflict in Ukraine,

the consequential increase in energy costs,

the broader inflationary pressures and the

uncertain economic environment the world

still faces. However, I am pleased to report

that Mondi has demonstrated exceptional

resilience through the relevance of our

products, our integrated low-cost business

model and the financial flexibility afforded

by our strong balance sheet.

Our teams at all levels have responded

well to the challenges and opportunities this

new environment has thrown up. Moreover,

our strong relationships with customers

and communities have stood us in good

stead as we continue to pursue our plans

to support a sustainable future.

Focusing on our opportunities

Mondi delivered strongly on all key

performance metrics during the year.

Our continuing operations (which exclude

any contribution from our Russian

businesses) generated underlying EBITDA

of €1,848 million (up 60% on 2021) and

ROCE of 23.7% (2021: 13.9%).

Through our integrated value chain, low-

cost position and long-term investments

to drive energy self-sufficiency, we are

well positioned to navigate the challenges

and opportunities of recent turbulence.

In 2022, we both mitigated the impact

of significantly higher input costs and

benefited from expanded margins.

We continue to prioritise the growth of our

packaging businesses to satisfy increases

in demand for sustainable products and

eCommerce solutions. As Andrew discusses

in detail on pages 24-25, Mondi offers a

unique customer proposition in this space.

With a broad product portfolio, deep

technical expertise and an integrated value

chain, we can help customers to make the

best material choices and make progress with

us on the journey towards a circular economy.

I draw your attention to the many product

innovations and partnerships illustrated in

case studies throughout this report.

Our evolving business

Beyond the devastating humanitarian

tragedy which it unleashed, the geopolitical

ramifications of the conflict in Ukraine are

profound. After careful consideration the

Board concluded that a divestiture of our

Russian businesses to acceptable parties

would be the right way forward. In August

2022 we announced an agreement to sell

our operations at Syktyvkar to Augment

Investments Limited, a disposal which will

be subject to shareholder approval due

to its size. In December 2022 we followed

this announcement with an agreement

to divest the Group’s converting plants in

the region which will complete our planned

exit from Russia once finalised. It is planned

that the net proceeds from both disposals

will be returned to shareholders as soon

as reasonably practicable following receipt.

The necessary steps continue to be

taken with the relevant authorities towards

finalising the approval of these divestitures,

but complex and evolving regulatory

considerations mean that there can be no

certainty on when this may be completed.

Andrew discusses more about the impact

of the divestiture on page 25.

Philip Yea

Chair

10

Mondi Group

Integrated report and financial statements 2022:

managing director

at Investcorp from 1999 to 2004, leaving to become

CEO of 3i Group plc, a role he held until 2009.

He has held a number of non-executive roles,

including Chair at Equiniti Group plc, Greene King

plc and bwin.party digital entertainment plc; Senior

Independent Director at Vodafone Group plc,

Manchester United plc and Computacenter plc;

and non-executive director at Marshall of Cambridge

(Holdings) Ltd, Aberdeen Standard Asia Focus plc,

Rocket Internet SE and HBOS plc.

Current external appointments

None.

finance department in 1998. He worked on a number

of group M&A activities before being appointed a

vice president of Anglo American Corporate Finance

in 1999.

He was appointed Mondi’s Vice President of Business

Development in 2002 and Corporate Development

Director in 2004. He served as CFO of Mondi from

June 2005 to May 2006. He was then appointed as

Group Strategy and Business Development Director

before becoming the CFO of the Mondi Group

in 2008.

Andrew was appointed CEO of the Mondi Group

on 1 April 2020.

Current external appointments

None.

He was subsequently appointed Group Finance

Director at BBA Aviation plc, before being appointed

Group Chief Financial Officer at Ferguson plc,

a multinational distributor of plumbing and heating

products. Mike also served as a non-executive

director of Low & Bonar from December 2016

to May 2020.

Mike joined Mondi as Group CFO in November 2020.

Current external appointments

None.

He held this role for nine years, before being

appointed CEO in 2013. Stephen stepped down

from the board of Meggitt plc on 31 December 2017.

He was also a non-executive director of Derwent

London plc from 2010 until May 2019.

Stephen was appointed as Senior Independent

Director of Mondi plc on 6 May 2021. To support

Mondi’s compliance with new diversity requirements

in the UK Listing Rules, Stephen will relinquish this

role at the conclusion of the 2023 Annual General

Meeting, with Dominique Reiniche taking over.

Stephen’s position as Chair of the Audit Committee

will not change.

Current external appointments

Non-executive director and Audit Committee Chair

at Weir Group plc.

Appointed to the Board

November 2020

Independent

No

Committee membership

Executive

Qualifications

Graduated in Computer

Science & Accounting

from the University of

Manchester, member

of the Chartered

Institute of Management

Accountants (UK)

Skills and experience

Mike has significant financial and strategic experience

and extensive experience leading finance teams, having

been chief financial officer and an executive director

of a number of large international listed companies.

He brings a clear operational focus, strong leadership

experience and knowledge of operating in large

industrial groups across a variety of geographies.

The strategic financial insight Mike brings drives

Mondi’s strong financial performance and culture

of continuous improvement.

Mike started his career at Pilkington plc, spending

15 years in a variety of finance and operational roles.

He went on to become Chief Financial Officer

at Nippon Sheet Glass and then AZ Electronic

Materials plc.

Appointed to the Board

May 2018

Independent

Yes

Committee memberships

Audit (Chair),

Nominations, Sustainable

Development

Qualifications

Graduated in

Mathematics from

Southampton University,

member of the Chartered

Institute of Management

Accountants (UK)

Skills and experience

Stephen brings a strong financial and general

management background to the Board with

experience gained internationally across a variety of

sectors, including industrial and engineering. Stephen’s

experience brings crucial insight to maintaining and

developing Mondi’s robust risk management system

and allows him to act as an experienced sounding

board for executive management.

He spent his early career in commercial accounting

and finance roles at companies including Ford Motor

Company, Mars, Inc and Grand Metropolitan plc (now

Diageo plc). He was Group Finance Director of the

Automobile Association until its acquisition by Centrica

in 2000 before becoming Group Finance Director at

Thistle Hotels plc.

In 2004 Stephen was appointed Group Finance

Director at Meggitt plc, an international engineering

business specialising in aerospace equipment.

Appointed to the Board

April 2020 and as Chair

in May 2020

Independent

Yes (on appointment)

Committee memberships

Nominations (Chair),

Remuneration

Qualifications

Graduated with an MA

in Modern Languages

from Oxford University,

Fellow of the Chartered

Institute of Management

Accountants (UK)

Skills and experience

Philip has extensive listed company experience, both

as an executive and non-executive director, across

a range of sectors. His broad industry background

and knowledge of operating within large, international

corporates, as well as his significant leadership

experience, bring invaluable insight to the Board

and are key to the future growth and development of

Mondi. Philip’s experience and knowledge of UK listed

companies underpins the Board’s commitment to

delivering best practice corporate governance.

88

Mondi Group

Integrated report and financial statements 2022:

managing director at Transnet Limited,

the company responsible at that time for South Africa’s

rail network, harbours and South African Airways.

Appointed to the Board

April 2021

Independent

Yes

Committee memberships

Audit, Nominations,

Remuneration

Qualifications

BSc in Biological

Sciences from the

University of Manchester

and an MBA from Heriot

Watt University

Appointed to the Board

April 2021

Independent

Yes

Committee memberships

Nominations,

Remuneration (Chair),

Sustainable Development

Qualifications

BSc and PhD in Geology

from the University

of Manchester and a

Chartered Engineer

Skills and experience

Sue brings to the Board significant commercial

and strategic experience gained across a range

of industries, with exposure to a broad range

of stakeholders in both an executive and non-

executive capacity. Sue has significant experience

in the consumer goods sector and understands the

challenges of changing customer and consumer

preferences and the need to build and protect the

company’s reputation with all its stakeholders.

Sue started her career with the Central Electricity

Generating Board before holding a variety of

communication roles at National Power plc. She went

on to join Scottish Power plc, where she became

Director of Corporate Affairs. In 2000, Sue joined

Skills and experience

Angela has extensive experience of operating in

large, international companies in both executive and

non-executive roles, with expertise including operations,

technology and sustainability. Her valuable knowledge

of combining technology, sustainability and low-carbon

energy brings key insight into innovation for circular driven

solutions and business growth, and her international

executive leadership in the UK-listed environment will

prove valuable for guiding executive remuneration.

Angela started her career with the Institute of Geological

Sciences before joining BP plc in 1982, where she held

various international senior leadership and strategic

technology/engineering-focused roles. She was

appointed BP Chief Scientist and Head of Downstream

Technology in 2014 and was appointed to the Group

Executive Committee in 2018, a position she held until

her retirement in 2020. Angela was honoured with a

Damehood (DBE) in 2017, and is a Fellow of the Royal

Society, the Royal Academy of Engineers and the

Institute of Chemical Engineers, as well as an honorary

Fellow of the UK Energy Institute. Angela holds

honorary DSc degrees from Royal Holloway University

and the University of Bradford, and is an honorary

professor of the University of Manchester.

Angela was also a non-executive director of Severn

Trent plc until she stepped down in March 2022.

Current external appointments

Non-executive director of SSE plc and Rolls-Royce

Holdings plc.

In 2001, he joined New African Investments Limited,

a publicly listed investment company, as Chief

Executive Officer, a role he held until 2004. He was

also previously chair of MTN Group Limited and

a non-executive director of Standard Bank Group

Limited, Liberty Holdings and Murray and Roberts

Holdings Limited.

Current external appointments

Chair of Vodacom Group Limited, Safika Holdings

(Pty) Ltd, Tshipi é Ntle Manganese Mining (Pty) Ltd

and Ntsimbintle Mining (Pty) Ltd.

Railtrack Group plc, before moving to SABMiller plc

in 2003, where she was a member of the executive

management team, and Director of Corporate Affairs

until 2012 and then: Managing

letter of appointment

setting out, among other things, their

term of appointment, the expected time

commitment for their duties to Mondi and

details of any committee memberships.

Non-executive directors are initially

appointed for a three-year term, subject

to annual re-election by shareholders,

after which a review is undertaken to

consider renewal of the term for a further

three years.

to assist with the selection process

External independent search agent engaged

the long list to include male and female candidates

from a variety of backgrounds

Search conducted and long list of potential candidates

provided for consideration

for interview by the Chair and at least one other appropriate director

Short list chosen from long list

for interview by other executive and non-executive directors

Short list reduced to an agreed number of candidates

and whether to proceed with the appointment

Board considers the recommendation

Nominations Committee considers the preferred candidates

including ability to commit time to the role, confirmation that each individual

would be deemed independent on appointment and the likely views of key

stakeholders, including major shareholders and regulatory bodies and in

relation to financial, sustainability, strategy and risk management experience.

A recommendation is made to the Board

taking into account succession planning requirements, gender, ethnic

and other forms of diversity and the key skills and experience required

to strengthen Board and committee capabilities and to ensure they have

the competencies necessary to manage the impacts of the business

Key requirements agreed and candidate specification drawn up

Board appointments

Anke Groth’s biography

Anke began her career in the energy industry,

initially in business development and mergers and

acquisitions in two regional energy companies,

before working for E.ON SE from 2001 to 2018.

Her roles at E.ON SE included Vice President

of Mergers & Acquisitions; Chief Financial Officer,

Spain; Senior Vice President Investor Relations and,

from 2016 to 2018, Chief Financial Officer of E.ON

UK plc. In 2018 Anke decided to join KION Group

AG, active in the capital goods sector and publicly

listed on the German stock exchange, as Group

Chief Financial Officer & HR Director, a role she

held until stepping down in 2022.

She is currently a member of the Supervisory Board

at E.ON SE and the Administrative Board at DKV

Mobility Group SE. Anke has a degree in Business

Economics.

Anke’s independence was reviewed and confirmed

as part of the appointment process. At the date of

this report, Anke does not hold any shares in Mondi

plc. Anke has received a: letter of appointment

from Mondi plc, the terms of which provide for

her appointment to be terminable on six months’

notice. Her fees will be in accordance with the

details set out on page 132 for non-executive

directors.

109

Mondi Group

Integrated report and financial statements 2022

Overview

Financial statements

Governance

Strategic report

letter of allotment or

transfer was lodged with Mondi, send to the allottee or transferee a notice of the refusal.

The directors may decline to register any instrument of transfer unless the instrument of the transfer: (i) is in respect of only one class

of share; (ii) is lodged at the transfer office (duly stamped if required), accompanied by the relevant share certificate(s) and such other

evidence as the directors may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer (and, if the instrument of transfer

is executed by some other person on their behalf, the authority of that person to do so); and (iii) is fully paid.

Subject to the Companies Act 2006 and regulations and applicable CREST rules, the directors may determine that any class of shares

may be held in uncertificated form and that title to such shares may be transferred by means of the CREST system, or that shares of any

class should cease to be so held and transferred.

A shareholder does not need to obtain the approval of Mondi, or of other shareholders of Mondi, for a transfer of shares to take place.

Notwithstanding the above, some of the Mondi employee share plans include restrictions on transfer of shares while the shares are

subject to such plan.

Directors

Directors shall be no less than four and no more than 20 in number. A director is not required to hold any shares of Mondi by way of

qualification. Mondi may by special resolution increase or reduce the maximum or minimum number of directors. Each director shall retire

at the Annual General Meeting held in the third calendar year following the year in which the director was elected or last re-elected by

Mondi, or at such earlier Annual General Meeting as the directors resolve. A retiring director shall be eligible for re-election.

The Board may appoint any person to be a director (so long as the total number of directors does not exceed the limit prescribed in the

Articles). Any such director shall hold office only until the next Annual General Meeting (or if the notice of the next Annual General Meeting

has already been sent at the time of such person’s appointment, the Annual General Meeting following that one) and shall then be eligible

for re-election.

Subject to the Articles, the Companies Act 2006 and any directions given by special resolution, the business of Mondi will be managed

by the Board who may exercise all the powers of Mondi.

The Board may exercise all the powers of Mondi to borrow money and to mortgage or charge any of its undertaking, property and

uncalled capital and to issue debentures and other securities, whether outright or as collateral security for any debt, liability or obligation

of Mondi or of any third party.

Indemnities

As at the date of this report, indemnities are in force under which Mondi has agreed to indemnify its directors, to the extent permitted

by law and the Articles in respect of all losses arising out of, or in connection with, the execution of their powers, duties and responsibilities,

as directors of Mondi or any of its subsidiaries.

Significant agreements: change of control

All of Mondi’s employee share plans contain provisions relating to a change of control. Outstanding awards and options would normally

vest and become exercisable on a change of control, subject to the satisfaction of any performance conditions at that time and under

certain plans, time pro-rating. The Group also has in place certain borrowing facilities and banking arrangements, some of which could

be cancelled, become immediately payable or subject to acceleration upon a change of control of Mondi. Of these arrangements,

only one facility agreement is considered to be significant to the Group. There are no other significant agreements that would take effect,

alter or terminate upon a change of control following a takeover bid.

Amendment of the Articles

Any amendments to the Articles may be made in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2006 by way of special resolution.

Additional information for shareholders continued

250

Mondi Group

Integrated report and financial statements 2022:

