managing director (MD), has kept his finger on the

pulse and allowed us to achieve what we have over

this demanding period. Our PPC South Africa and

Botswana MD, Njombo, continues to ensure that we

have a PPC today that is better than the PPC

of the past.

I would also like to acknowledge and thank

our employees. Their ongoing dedication and

courage has not gone unnoticed, and I am deeply

appreciative of their significant contributions.

I extend my gratitude to our clients and suppliers,

shareholders, business partners and other

stakeholders who have continued to support us

through headwinds and difficult circumstances.

We look forward to a bright and rewarding future.

Jabu Moleketi

Chairman

22 July 2022

PPC INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 4

CHAPTER 1:

Managing director South Africa and Botswana

CFO

Head group legal and compliance and group company secretary

Head human resources South Africa and Botswana

i

For detailed qualifications and experience of SETCO committee members, refer to page 78.

SOCIAL, ETHICS AND

TRANSFORMATION COMMITTEE REPORT

The role of SETCO is to assist the board by providing independent oversight and reporting on

organisational ethics, responsible corporate citizenship, sustainable development and stakeholder

relationships while facilitating and supporting the development of transformation objectives. SETCO’s

activities include fulfilling its statutory duties as set out in section 72(4)(a) of the Companies Act read

with Regulation 43 to the Act.

PPC INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 89

CHAPTER 5:

Dear shareholders,

On behalf of the reward and talent committee

(RTC) (the committee), I am pleased to provide

an overview of both director and wider workforce

remuneration for the year ended 31 March 2022.

During the year the remuneration committee

and the nominations committee merged into

one committee and the committee’s name was

changed to the reward and talent committee.

The new name is more reflective of the oversight

the committee has when it comes to the overall

group talent management and rewards, which

incorporates inter alia, talent programmes,

remuneration and employee benefits.

The committee determines, on behalf of the board,

the company’s policy on the remuneration of

executive directors and prescribed officers and the

total remuneration packages and contractual terms

and conditions for these individuals. The committee

also provides oversight of all employee rewards to

ensure the alignment of rewards throughout the

group and approves the mandate for annual pay

increases, as well as the parameters and overall cost

of the short-term incentives (STIs) and long-term

incentives (LTIPs) for the South African operations

and provides guidance through group policies to the

international subsidiaries.

In line with King IV and the JSE Listings

Requirements, the report is presented in three parts:

this background statement (part 1), followed by

the company-wide remuneration philosophy and

policy with specific focus on the policy as it applies

to executive management (part 2) and lastly,

implementation of the policy for the 12 months

from 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022 (part 3). Parts

2 and 3 will be put forward for separate non-binding

votes at the upcoming AGM.

We take pride in our balanced approach to creating

long-term, sustainable value for investors while

delivering a high-quality service for our customers,

a great place to work for our people and having

a meaningful, positive impact on the communities

we operate in.

As a committee we are focused on ensuring that

the reward our senior executives receive reflects the

results of the company and remains proportionate

to the overall employee base and to the returns

received by shareholders. We are mindful of the

external focus on executive pay and the need to

ensure outcomes that are fair and responsible and

reported in a transparent manner.

OUR PERFORMANCE AND SUMMARY OF

REMUNERATION OUTCOMES

PPC continued to operate in a difficult trading

environment in South Africa due to the lacklustre

economic performance and the lasting negative

impact of COVID-19 on the economy, high imports,

inflationary pressures on key cost components

such as electricity, fuels and coal, and the

heavy rains in the last quarter of the financial

year which negatively impacted sales volumes.

Notwithstanding these factors the group managed

to produce and sustain resilient overall performance

over the review period.

In reviewing the salary increase process,

management successfully finalised union

negotiations at acceptable levels, with unions

settling at or below the mandate average across

the SA operations of 5%. Overall, non-management

employees received a 4,94% salary increase while

management employees received 4,04%.

Decisions on EXCO remuneration in the year were

taken within the framework of the policy endorsed

by shareholders in 2021, which can be found on

PPC’s website. When considering remuneration

outcomes this year, the committee considered

the experience of its wider stakeholders. Further

comments on our overall performance during the

2022 financial year is set out in the CEO’s review

on page 5 i . The committee believes that the

outcomes of the annual bonus and LTIP accurately

reflect the performance of the company over

this period.

The challenging operating environment had a direct

impact on the group EBITDA and Free Cash Flow

conversion which are among the main performance

metrics used for the payment of the short-term

incentive. The committee is pleased that employees

will still share in some of the success for the hard

work over the past year. STI payments were made

to employees and executives, albeit at a lower level

than the previous year.

The group’s EBITDA and Free Cash Flow conversion

performance also had a knock-on effect on the

performance metrics that were set for the LTIP. The

LTIP performance conditions which were measured

over the financial year under review were achieved

at 109,02%, compared to the prior year vesting at

114,4% and the LTIP awards will be awarded after

the year-end closed period.

Full details of the STI and LTIP measures used,

together with the outcomes are disclosed in

part 3 of this report.

WIDER WORKFORCE PAY

The committee is regularly informed of pay

and employment conditions throughout the

company and we focus on pay fairness across

the organisation. During this year the committee

once again actively engaged on the topic of fair,

equitable and responsible remuneration and took

active steps to reduce the internal wage gap with

the adoption of a minimum living wage for all our

employees in South Africa (further work is under-

way in the remainder of our operations). We view

this as an important step to assist our employees in

living dignified lives. We also offer several additional

benefits at no cost to employees, for example: study

assistance, health clinic services, transport services

and subsidised housing at some sites, training and

development programmes.

As part of the process to ensure pay fairness,

management further entrenched the pay for

performance salary increase model across all

the operations, which considers employees’

performance against their job profiles with defined

PPC INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 96

CHAPTER 5:

Managing director

Mining Charter

Broad-based Socio-economic Empowerment Charter for the Mining and Minerals

Industry

MoI

Memorandum of incorporation

MSR

Minimum shareholding requirements

mtpa

Million tonnes per annum

MVA

Megavolt amperes

NED

Non-executive director

NGO

Non-governmental organisation

NOMCO

Nominations committee

NOx

Nitrogen oxides

NRCS

National Regulator for Compulsory Specifications

NWC

Net working capital

OECD

Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development

OEE

Overall equipment efficiency

OEM

Original equipment manufacturer

OHSAS

Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series

PM

Particulate matter

POPI

Protection of personal information

PPA

Power purchase agreement

PV

Photovoltaic

REAL

Relevant, empowering, actualising and lasting

REMCO

Remuneration committee

RSE

Rwanda Stock Exchange

RTC

Reward and talent committee

SA

South Africa

SABS

South African Bureau of Standards

SAGERS

South African Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reporting System

SDG

Sustainable Development Goal

SETCO

Social, ethics and transformation committee

SHE

Safety, health and environment

SIP

Strategic infrastructure project

SLP

Social and labour plan

SOx

Sulphur oxides

STI

Short-term incentive

TCFD

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures

TGP

Total guaranteed pay

TJ

Terajoule

TRIFR

Total recordable injury frequency rate

TSR

Total shareholder return

UN

United Nations

UNGC

United Nations Global Compact

VCF

Value Creation Framework

WACC

Weighted average cost of capital

WBC

Whistleblowing committee

WULs

Water use licences

ZSE

Zimbabwe Stock Exchange

PPC INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 128

CHAPTER 6:

