letter of representation to attend the

AGM, which: letter of representation must be submitted to CTSE before they will be able to provide a link to the online registration and

voting platform.

4.

CTSE will assist shareholders with all the requirements for electronic participation and is obliged to validate the information of each

shareholder’s entitlement to participate in and/or vote at the AGM before providing it with the necessary means to access the AGM

electronically and/or the electronic voting platform.

5.

Aside from the cost incurred by Randgold as a result of the hosting by CTSE of the AGM by way of a remote interactive electronic

platform, which shareholders can choose to access, shareholders will be liable for their own network charges in relation to electronic

participation in and/or voting at the AGM. Any such charges will not be for the account of the JSE, Randgold and/or CTSE. None of the

JSE, Randgold or CTSE can be held accountable in the case of loss of network connectivity or other network failure due to insufficient

airtime, internet connectivity, internet bandwidth and/or power outages which prevents any such shareholder from participating in and/or

voting at the AGM.

6.

Notwithstanding the availability of the electronic voting platform, shareholders may still submit forms of proxy to CTSE (in the case

of certificated shareholders and dematerialised shareholders with “own-name” registration) or provide instructions to their appointed

CSDP or broker (in the case of dematerialised shareholders without “own-name” registration) by no later than 11:00 a.m. on Thursday,

4 May 2023 or the time and date stipulated by the CSDP or broker, respectively.

By order of the board

Randgold & Exploration Company Limited

Statucor (Pty) Ltd

Company Secretary

Johannesburg

30 March 2023

Registered office

Meeting administrators

Suite 25, Third floor, Katherine & West Building

114 West Street, Sandown

Sandton, 2196

CTSE Registry Services Proprietary Limited

The Woodstock Exchange Building, 5th Floor, Block B, 66-68 Albert Road,

Woodstock, 7925

(Postnet Suite 5, Private Bag X4, Woodstock, 7915)

Postal address

PO Box 202, Stellenbosch, 7600

letter of representation or

instruct the CSDP or broker to vote by proxy on their behalf in terms of the custody agreement entered into between the shareholder and the CSDP or broker.

3.

A shareholder is entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend, speak and vote in his/her place at the annual general meeting. The name/s of choice is to be

inserted on the form of proxy in the space provided. The person whose name stands first on the form of proxy and who is present at the annual general meeting

will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of those whose names follow (who need not be a shareholder of the Company).

4.

A shareholder’s instruction to the proxy must be indicated by the insertion of the relevant number of votes exercisable by that shareholder in the appropriate box

provided on the form of proxy.

5.

If a shareholder does not indicate on the form of proxy how his/her proxy is to vote, or gives contradictory instructions, or should any further resolution(s) or any

amendment(s) that may properly be put before the annual general meeting be proposed, the proxy shall be entitled to vote as he/she deems fit, in respect of all the

shareholder’s votes exercisable thereat.

6.

Documentary evidence establishing the authority of a person signing the form of proxy in a representative capacity must be attached to the form of proxy, unless

previously recorded by the company or its transfer secretaries or waived by the chairman of the annual general meeting.

7.

Any alterations or corrections to the form of proxy must be initialled by the signatory(ies).

8.

The completion and lodging of the form of proxy will not preclude the shareholder from attending the annual general meeting and speaking and voting in person at

such meeting to the exclusion of the proxy appointed in terms thereof, should he/she wish to do so.

9.

The form of proxy must be completed and lodged at, or posted to, or emailed to the transfer secretaries or lodged at the Company’s registered office by no later than

11:00 on Thursday, 4 May 2023, provided that any form of proxy not delivered to the transfer secretaries by this time may be handed to the chairman of the annual

general meeting prior to the commencement of the annual general meeting, at any time before the appointed proxy exercises any shareholder rights at the annual

general meeting.

Company address

Randgold & Exploration Company Limited

Suite 25, Third floor, Katherine & West Building

114 West Street, Sandown

Sandton, 2196

Meeting administrators

CTSE Registry Services Proprietary Limited

The Woodstock Exchange Building, 5th Floor, Block B, 66-68 Albert Road, Woodstock, 7925

(Postnet Suite 5, Private Bag X4, Woodstock, 7915)

admin@ctseregistry.co.za

10. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the chairman of the annual general meeting may waive any formalities that would otherwise be a prerequisite for a valid proxy.

11. A minor must be assisted by his/her parent or guardian unless the relevant documents establishing his/her legal capacity are produced or have been registered by

the transfer secretaries.:

