letter to shareholders

1

Integrated Report to stakeholders

3

Audited annual financial statements and related reports

45

Administration

100

Notice of annual general meeting

101

Form of proxy

Attached

CONTENTS:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Overview

Sabvest Capital Limited (“Sabcap”) is an investment group first listed on the JSE in 1988 as Sabvest Limited and as Sabcap

from 2020. Details of the Group are set out in the Corporate Profile on page 4.

2022 performance

Sabcap achieved very satisfactory results for the year with NAV per share increasing by 17,6% to 11 017 cents per share,

with PAT of R627m being 7,6% lower than the previous year.

Dividends for the year were increased by 20% to 90 cents per share.

The Group’s balance sheet is strong with shareholders’ equity of R4,3bn and gross assets of R5,1bn.

Medium-term performance

Management and the Board remain focused on achieving sustainable long-term investment returns primarily focused on

growth in NAV per share.

Capital allocation decisions are carefully considered between new investments, strengthening liquidity, dividends and

share buybacks. With the exception of dividends declared for the 2020 COVID year, dividends have been maintained or

increased annually for over twenty years.

The Board expects continued growth in NAV per share for the 2023 financial year.

Governance and functions of the Board

The Board and management maintain the highest levels of governance.

The Board is accountable for the approval and execution of the Group’s strategy and its operating performance, as well

as being the arbiter and monitor of risk and custodian of its corporate governance policies and procedures. The Group’s

compliance with the Principles of King IVTM is set out on pages 22 to 32.

It should be noted that in terms of Sabcap’s Partnership Principle, it usually invests alongside family, operating or financial

partners with the result that, in addition to Sabcap’s executive directors running the investment portfolio, that function is

supported materially by the partners in each investment.

Shareholders

I am pleased to welcome all new shareholders who have invested in Sabcap during the year.

In addition to the 40,5% economic shareholding held by The Seabrooke Family Trust, the percentage of shares held by

Institutions, Family Offices and High-Net-Worth Individuals has increased to 48% from 46% at the end of 2021.:

letter to shareholders

continued:

Managing Director of Petroleum Investment

Partners (Pty) Ltd and a Non-Executive Director of

Blue Label Telecoms Limited, Metrofile Holdings

Limited and Old Mutual Investments.

Bheki James Themba Shongwe (68)

BA (Econ), MBA, ACIS, FCIBM

Chairman of the Remuneration and Social and Ethics

Committees and a member of the Investment, Audit and Risk,

Nominations and Remuneration Committees

Appointed to the Board in 2005.

Chairman of Flow Communications (Pty) Ltd,

Executive Chairman of Matsamo Group Ltd, Non-

Executive Director of Matsamo Capital (Pty) Ltd,

Cigicell (Pty) Ltd and Kaimot Investments (Pty) Ltd.

Leon Rood (46)

BCom, LLB

Executive Director

Appointed to the Board in 2019.

In addition to being an admitted attorney, holds

diplomas in advanced taxation, corporate and

securities law and international taxation. Previously

a senior director of Werksmans and held various

positions with Cliffe Dekker Hofmeyr and KPMG.

Kyle De Matteis (39)

B.Bus.Sc, PGDA, CA(SA), CFA

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed to the Board effective 30 April 2022.

Joined the Group in October 2020. Previously in

various roles with Deloitte in South Africa, New York

and London, was head of credit at Merchant Capital

and most recently was a senior financial manager at

Brait.:

letter of

representation) in terms of the custody agreement entered into between you and your CSDP or broker and upload

same.

PARTICIPATION

Following successful completion of the registration process contemplated above, you will be required to connect to the

annual general meeting by using the link below and following the relevant prompts::

letter of representation from their CSDP or Broker.

A Sabcap Shareholder is entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend, participate in, speak and vote or abstain from voting in the place of that Sabcap

Shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.

Shareholders are advised to consult the Notice for full details on electronic participation and voting at the Annual General Meeting.

I/We (Full name in block letters)

of address

Telephone number:

Cellphone number:

being the holder of Sabcap Shares, do hereby appoint

1.

or failing him/her,

2.

or failing him/her,

3. the chairman of the Annual General Meeting

as my/our proxy to attend and speak for me/us and on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting and at any adjournment or postponement thereof and to vote or abstain from voting

as indicated on the resolutions to be considered at the Annual General Meeting

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number one – Re-election of director – Mr CS Seabrooke

Ordinary resolution number two – Re-election of director – Mrs O Ighodaro

Ordinary resolution number three – Re-election of director – Ms L Mthimunye

Ordinary resolution number four – Re-election of director – Mr K De Matteis

Ordinary resolution number five – Appointment of independent external auditors

Ordinary resolution number six – Re-election of Audit Committee member – Ms L Mthimunye

Ordinary resolution number seven – Re-election of Audit Committee member – Ms O Ighodaro

Ordinary resolution number eight – Re-election of Audit Committee member – Mr BJT Shongwe

Ordinary resolution number nine – Non-binding advisory vote on Remuneration Policy

Ordinary resolution number ten – Non-binding advisory vote on Remuneration Implementation Report

Ordinary resolution number eleven – Approval of proposed amendment to the Investment Policy

Ordinary resolution number twelve – Authority to sign all documents required

Special resolution number one – Approval of proposed non-executive directors’ remuneration for the year ending 31 December 2023

Special resolution number two – Authority to provide financial assistance in terms of Section 45 of the Companies Act to any group company

Special resolution number three – Authority to provide financial assistance in terms of section 44 of the Companies Act

Special resolution number four – General authority to repurchase shares

Note: Please indicate with an “X” or the number of Sabcap Shares in the spaces above how you wish your votes to be cast. If no indication is given, the proxy will vote or abstain in his

discretion.

All resolutions put to the vote shall be decided by way of a poll. Every Ordinary Shareholder who is present in person, by proxy or represented at the Annual General Meeting shall, on a

poll, have 1 vote for each Ordinary Share held by it.

Signed this

day of

2023

Signature

Assisted by (where applicable) (state capacity and full name)

Please read the notes appearing on the reverse hereof.

FORM OF PROXY

SABVEST CAPITAL LIMITED

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa

Registration number 2020/030059/06

ISIN: ZAE000283511 JSE share code: SBP

“Sabcap” or “the Company”:

