letter, plan and

budgeted audit fees. Fees paid to the auditor are detailed in

note 28 to the consolidated annual financial statements;

• Reviewed the audit results, evaluated the effectiveness of

the auditor and its independence, and evaluated the external

auditor's internal quality control procedures;

• Obtained a statement from the auditor that its independence

was not impaired;

• Considered the reports of the external auditor on the group’s

systems of internal control, including financial controls; and

• Determined the nature and extent of all non-audit services

provided by the external auditor and preapproved all

non-audit services.

Risk management

The committee oversaw the implementation of predetermined

risk and compliance implementation plans at an operational and

strategic level with the assistance of the company’s compliance

and risk officer.

The committee closely monitored the company’s risk register,

key risks and mitigatory controls implemented in respect of

these risks.

The committee is satisfied with the processes and measures that

have been put in place and the board will remain consistent in

evaluating the company’s risk tolerance and appetite levels.

Financial statements, accounting practices and

going concern assessment

Following its review of the consolidated annual financial

statements of the group for the year ended 31 March 2022, the

committee believes that, in all material respects, these comply

with the relevant provisions of the Companies Act and IFRS and

fairly present the consolidated and separate financial position

of the company at that date and the results of its operations

and cash flows for that year. The committee has also satisfied

itself on the integrity of the integrated annual report for the year

ended 31 March 2022.

A going concern assessment for the group and company

has been performed based on cash flow projections and the

consolidated annual financial statements were prepared on a

going concern basis following the conclusion of the analysis.

The board continues to place great emphasis on monitoring

and improving the company’s performance. Having achieved

its objectives, the audit, risk and compliance committee

recommended the approval of the consolidated annual financial

statements.

Internal audit and internal control

The committee:

• reviewed and approved the internal audit charter and annual

audit plan, and evaluated the independence, effectiveness and

performance of the internal audit function in compliance with

the internal audit charter;

• assessed reports of the internal auditor on the group's

systems of internal control including financial controls and

business risk management;

• received assurance that an adequate and effective system of

internal control and risk management is being maintained;

• received assurance that proper and adequate accounting

records were maintained and that the group's systems

safeguarded its assets against unauthorised use or disposal;

• reviewed significant issues raised by the internal audit

function and the adequacy of corrective action taken; and

• assessed the performance of the internal audit function and

found it to be satisfactory.

The committee confirms that it has no reason to believe there

were any material breakdowns in the design and operating

effectiveness of internal financial controls.

Internal financial controls

The committee has considered the results of the formal

documented review of the company’s system of internal

financial controls and risk management, including the design,

implementation and effectiveness of the internal financial

controls, as conducted by the internal audit function during

the period under review. The committee has also assessed

information and explanations given by management and

discussions with the external auditor on the results of the

audit. Through this process, no material matter has come to

the attention of the audit, risk and compliance committee or

the board that has caused the directors to believe that the

company’s system of internal controls and risk management

is not effective and that the internal financial controls

do not form a sound basis for the preparation of reliable

financial statements.

JSE compliance

The committee noted and reviewed the JSE’s latest report on

the proactive monitoring of financial statements for compliance

with IFRS (“the 2021 report”), considered the detailed findings

and emerging issues of the 2021 report and specifically

Annexure 3 of the report, that contained a checklist of the

information to be considered by the committee. The committee

noted the items that required consideration in respect of

the preparation of the interim statements and applied these

considerations in their review of the interim and final results.

Chief financial officer and finance function

The committee is satisfied that the expertise and experience

of the CFO, Ms Jubilant Speckman, is appropriate to meet the

responsibilities required by the position. This is based on the

qualifications, levels of experience and the board’s assessment

of the financial knowledge of the CFO. The committee is also

satisfied as to the appropriateness, expertise and adequacy of

resources of the finance function and the experience of senior

members of management responsible for the finance function.

The committee noted the resignation of the CFO in April 2022

and will assist the board with the process of appointing a

suitable candidate in her stead.

Focus areas for 2023

• Monitoring of risks and opportunities against the group’s

revised strategy with a focus on investment in renewable

energy opportunities;

• Compliance management;

• Monitoring of the company’s financial performance.

On behalf of the committee

Zukie Siyotula

Audit, risk and compliance committee chairperson

4 July 2022

Audit, risk and compliance committee report | continued:

letter of

demand received from SARS dated 17 September 2021.

The: letter of demand resulted in a tax liability of R87 million of which the capital amount is R77 million and the interest is

R9 million. Keaton disputed the audit outcome based on factual reasons that SARS did not take into consideration in arriving at

their conclusion. Keaton is of the view that SARs’ basis of seeking to claim diesel refunds previously paid to Keaton during the

audit period is misdirected.

Keaton has performed an analysis of the merits of SARs’ claim and is of the view that such a claim will be limited to R13 million.

This amount has been recognised in the financial statements for the period ended 31 March 2022.

