letter

63

Remuneration report

65

ADMINISTRATION

Contact details

74

Forward-looking statements

74

Photography

74

Abbreviations

74

CONTENTS

OUR SUITE OF REPORTS

IR

SR

CCR

20-F

AFS

Employees and organised labour | Shareholders and providers of capital | Customers

Governments and regulators | Communities and societies | Non-governmental organisations (NGOs)

Suppliers | Media | Organised business and industry

STAKEHOLDERS

Reporting boundary for the Integrated Report

(risks, opportunities and outcomes)

Financial reporting entity (control and significant influence)

SASOL

Subsidiaries

Joint ventures

Other investments

REPORTS

These reports are available on our website, www.sasol.com, or on

request from Investor Relations. Contact details are on page 74 of

this report.

The International Integrated Reporting <IR> Framework

IR

AFS

South African Companies Act 71 of 2008, as amended

IR

AFS

Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Listings Requirements

IR

AFS

King IV™ Report on Corporate Governance for South Africa, 2016

IR

AFS

International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)

IR

AFS

20-F

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards

SR

CCR

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD)

IR

SR

CCR

United Nations Advanced Reporting Criteria and Sustainable

Development Goals (SDGs)

SR

CCR

United States Securities and Exchange Commission

rules and regulations

20-F

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

20-F

JSE Sustainability and Climate Disclosure Guidelines

IR

SR

CCR

Our suite of reports

is informed by the

following standards

and initiatives.

We have sought

alignment with

key reporting

expectations and

compliance with

all relevant legal

requirements.

Integrated Report

Concise communication on Sasol’s strategy, governance, performance

and outlook and how these lead to the preservation and creation of value

over the short, medium and long term.

Sustainability Report

Communication on Sasol’s environmental, social and governance

(ESG) performance.

Climate Change Report

Information on Sasol’s climate change risk management process,

response strategy and summary of work underway to address our

climate change risks and opportunities.

Annual Financial Statements

A complete analysis of the Group’s financial results, with detailed

financial statements, as well as the Remuneration Report and Report

of the Audit Committee.

Form 20-F

Our annual report filed with the United States Securities and Exchange

Commission (SEC), pursuant to our New York Stock Exchange listing.:

Dear stakeholders

Our Future Sasol strategy, introduced in

September 2021, underpins our ambition to grow

shared value for all our stakeholders, while we

accelerate our transition to a low-carbon world.

Framed within the triple bottom line outcomes of

People, Planet and Profit, I am pleased with the

progress we recorded in each of these, in a reporting

period characterised by significant change and

uncertainty.

As in past years, Team Sasol stepped up and delivered

in a challenging operating environment and I wish to

express my sincere appreciation for our people’s

continued diligence, commitment and support.

Through our collective efforts and resilience,

we have reinforced and strengthened the foundation

to deliver our Future Sasol aspirations, underscored

Fleetwood Grobler

President and Chief Executive Officer

SASOL INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

14

In a period of significant change and uncertainty we delivered on our triple

bottom line outcomes.

Growing shared value, while

accelerating our transition.

Our pressing concern for the deterioration in our

safety performance was the source of significant

introspection and further intensified our focused

safety interventions. These efforts saw an

improvement in our performance in the second

half of the year.

As a result, lost workday cases continued on a

downward trajectory, ending the year at a rate of

0,10 against a target of 0,13, while our recordable

case rate (RCR) was 0,27, marginally above the

previous year’s 0,26.

Sasol in society

Our intent to be a force for social good is integral

to our business strategy, while our Purpose –

Innovating for a better world – inspires our journey

to realise measurable, data-driven socio-economic

benefits for communities.

This is demonstrated in the many ways we positively

impact economies and support our communities in

the regions where we operate.

Among a few key examples, in South Africa we spent

over R33 billion with businesses that have majority

Black-ownership, up R10 billion from the previous

year, demonstrating our ongoing commitment to

sustainable transformation and Broad-Based Black

Economic Empowerment.

The more than R743 million we invested globally

in socio-economic development enabled funding

for small to large enterprises and the awarding of

bursaries, as well as other educational, learnership,

health and community service infrastructure

investments. We also invested R1,2 billion in skills

development.

Sasol remains a significant investor in our

communities and I am encouraged by the leading role

we play in driving positive socio-economic change.

2030 decarbonisation plans on track

The plans for meeting our 30% GHG reduction target

by 2030, which forms the foundation to meeting

our 2050 Net Zero ambition, are progressing well.

In FY22 we progressed several key milestones

to realise our 2030 target, spanning large-scale

renewable energy integration, incremental gas

and energy efficiency improvements.

Significant progress has been made in procuring

renewable energy for both our Energy and Chemicals

businesses. In South Africa, we have agreed the key

terms with Independent Power Producers (IPPs)

to secure approximately 600 megawatts (MW)

of solar and wind power to start coming online

before end-2025. Regulatory approval processes

are ongoing.

Through our collective efforts and resilience, we have reinforced and strengthened

the foundation to deliver our Future Sasol aspirations.

KEY MESSAGES

Relentless safety focus Catalyst for positive socio-economic change

GHG reduction plans progressing well Significant step-up in financial performance:

Dear stakeholders

The past financial year saw significant volatility, with

businesses across the world facing uncertainty from

the ongoing impact of COVID-19, global supply chain

disruption and the Russia/Ukraine conflict. Sasol was

also materially impacted by these factors.

Operational challenges, particularly experienced in

the first half of the financial year, led to lower

volumes, but there was a strong overall outcome

with improved financial performance alongside

higher Brent crude oil, refining margins and chemical

prices. This financial performance was enhanced by

realisation of asset divestment proceeds resulting in

a stronger balance sheet and proactive management

of the headwinds ensuring efficiency and

effectiveness of the business. In this context Sasol

can look ahead to FY23 with renewed confidence and

therefore approved the reinstatement of the

dividend.

Strong financial performance

During the year, the pricing environment for Sasol’s

key products and increased demand were offset by

operational challenges faced at our South African

operations where coal quality and supply were

constrained and resulted in lower production.

Operations in the South African value chain stabilised

during the second half of the year and largely achieved

their revised operating plans. Adjusted earnings

before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation

(Adjusted EBITDA) increased by 48% to R71,8 billion.

Cash fixed costs increased by 2% compared to the

prior year, to R62,1 billion. The increase in cost is

underpinned by higher labour and maintenance cost,

as well as increased electricity purchases from

Hanré Rossouw

Chief Financial Officer

Improved

profitability

R72bn adjusted

EBITDA*

Strengthened

balance sheet

US$3,8bn

net debt**

Dividend

restored

1 470 cents

per ordinary share

KEY MESSAGES

We can look ahead with renewed confidence supported by a strengthened

balance sheet and strong liquidity.

Strategic divestments successfully concluded Continued delivery of Sasol 2.0

Climate change delivery framework Disciplined capital allocation

Self-funded

transition

R15 – 25bn

capital delivering

2030 target

*

Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by adjusting earnings before interest and tax for depreciation, amortisation, share-based payments, remeasurement items,

change in discount rates of environmental provisions, all unrealised translation gains and losses on our derivatives and hedging activities.

** Total debt excluding leases less cash and cash equivalents.

Eskom arising from the diversion of gas from utility

generation to production, offset by savings from

Sasol 2.0 initiatives. The ongoing recovery and

stabilisation of the South African value chain remains

a key focus area for FY23, with specific focus on

security of quantity and quality of coal supply,

as well as gas supply from Mozambique.

Further balance sheet strengthening was achieved

through realisation of asset divestments alongside

stronger operating cash flows. At 30 June 2022,

our total debt was R105,1 billion (US$6,5 billion)

compared to R102,9 billion (US$7,2 billion) at

30 June 2021, and our liquidity headroom was

R100,7 billion (US$6,2 billion), consistent with

our objective to maintain liquidity in excess of

US$1 billion. Our net debt** at period end was

US$3,8 billion excluding leases while the net debt

to EBITDA (bank definition) at 30 June 2022 was

0,8 times, significantly below the covenant threshold

level of three times.

At the start of the period, protection of downside

risk for the balance sheet was a key priority for

the company with elevated leverage and a volatile

macroeconomic environment. The hedging

programme was therefore in place to mitigate

the risk of adverse movements in oil price, ethane

price and currency. As a result of unexpected pricing

strength, the hedging programme resulted in

significant losses – R18,3 billion in this period.

The hedging programme is updated regularly to

address changes in our commodity and currency

exposure. The balance sheet has significantly

deleveraged and we are reducing the hedge cover

ratio as our balance sheet strengthens further.:

LETTER

Mpho Nkeli

Chairman of Remuneration Committee

SASOL INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

63: Dear stakeholders

In the first half of 2022, Sasol benefited from a

more favourable macroeconomic environment and

increased demand for our products.

The second half of 2022 presented new challenges,

including the devastating floods in KwaZulu-Natal

(KZN) and the impact of the Russia/Ukraine conflict.

Challenges at some of our South African operations

resulted in lower fuel and chemical production as

well as a reduced ability to export products due to

the extreme weather events which impacted the

KZN province of South Africa.

Sasol cares deeply for our people, planet and

communities. As such, and in addition to providing

support to our own employees impacted by this

The Committee’s key task is to ensure

that executive remuneration is aligned

with stakeholder value creation in the

context of the short- medium- and long-

term strategy. On the back of a satisfactory

set of business results, we believe that

this alignment has been achieved.

The following table lists the three main concerns raised by shareholders during 2022 and Sasol’s response:

Shareholder concerns

Sasol’s responses

• Adjusted EBITDA measure

in the Long-Term Incentive

Plan is not considered to be

appropriate as it is subject to

too many uncontrollable factors

with discretion in the application

of adjustments.

This measure will be removed for 2023.

• Peer group for relative Total

Shareholder Return (rTSR)

(LTI) measure excludes larger

comparator companies.

The peer group for purposes of determining rTSR was adjusted

to include larger comparator companies and was split from the

peer group used for executive and non-executive benchmarking

purposes where the inclusion of large comparator companies

is not considered appropriate.

• ROIC (LTI) measure should

be reconsidered given the low

level of capital spend on large-

scale projects.

Sasol is entering a phase where capital investments will again be

made ensuring ongoing growth of the business and capitalising on

new opportunities, especially through developing new low-carbon

value pools in Energy. As a result, Sasol is retaining this measure.

The year under review

COVID-19 AND ITS IMPACTS

Sadly, by 30 June 2022, 94 Sasol employees had

succumbed to COVID-19. We mourn their loss and

extend our heartfelt condolences to their families,

friends and colleagues. Despite the easing of

COVID-19 regulations, Sasol continues to conduct

risk assessments and observe COVID-19 protocols.

We also continue to provide various forms of

support to employees, including access to emotional

wellbeing programmes. All employees are offered

membership of health insurance, retirement, death

and disability plans as part of their employment

contracts. Membership of funeral plans is optional.

In the latter part of 2022 those office-based

employees who had previously worked from home

returned to the workplace on hybrid workplace

arrangements. Employees exposed to COVID-19

or who fell ill from the virus were granted paid leave

for the period of absence. No employees had to claim

from the South African government’s COVID-19 relief

fund to replace salaries lost as a result of suspended

operations, nor did they have to take unpaid leave.

We continue to provide various forms of support to employees, including access

to emotional wellbeing.

tragedy, we rallied behind non-profit organisations

and community development agencies to provide

support to communities affected by the KZN floods.

Sasol also joined organisations and people from all

over the world in support of humanitarian relief

efforts in Ukraine.

Tragically, we continued to lose employees who

succumbed to complications related to the COVID-19

pandemic and were also deeply saddened by six

workplace fatalities in 2022. The Committee wishes

to express its condolences to all who have lost loved

ones in this period.

Through both financial and non-financial means,

including wellness programmes, Sasol supported

the families of employees who passed on in the year.

KEY MESSAGES

Reward outcomes align with Company performance Bolstering Executive Leadership

Benchmarking of Executive and non-Executive

LETTER (CONTINUED)

CHANGES TO THE GROUP EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Mr Riaan Rademan, a former Sasol Group executive

who retired in 2017, was appointed as the Executive

Vice President of Mining effective 9 March 2022.

He will assist in stabilising our mining business

and advancing our recovery plans. His appointment

is for a period of 16 months, with an option to extend

the term. Mr Rademan does not participate in the

Group’s LTI plan.

On 30 June 2022, Sasol bid farewell to Chief

Financial Officer (CFO) Mr Paul Victor. We welcomed

Mr Hanré Rossouw who was appointed CFO designate

effective 4 April 2022. Mr Rossouw officially assumed

the role of Executive Director and CFO on 1 July 2022.

We announced the retirement of Mr Bernard

Klingenberg, from August 2022, and the appointment

of Mr Simon Baloyi as the Executive Vice President:

Energy Operations and Technology effective

1 April 2022.

KEY COMMITTEE DECISIONS

Performance against the Group STI targets was

mostly below or on-target, with a total score of

64,35% of the 150% maximum on the Group STI

scorecard. Consistent with previous years, and in line

with our Policy, normalisation for factors outside of

management’s control was applied. The two areas

where minimal discretion was applied are detailed in

the Implementation Report.

IR

Refer to page 69 for Implementation Report.

The sales volumes target was missed due to

feedstock supply and operational issues. The

Committee was comfortable with Cash Fixed Cost and

Capital expense management and pleased with the

progress made on Sasol ecoFT. For incentive

purposes, an 18% penalty was applied due to the

tragic loss of six of our employees and

the disappointing high-severity injury (HSI) rate in

the year. The business is reporting five fatalities, as

the one HSI happened in 2021. The Board requested

the implementation of a safety remediation plan.

Excluding the President and CEO, members of the

GEC also participated in the Chemicals and/or Energy

BU STI plan. The final approved score for Chemicals

was 108,09% and for Energy was 100,95%.

More detail on the calculations is provided in the

Implementation Report.

The Committee believes that this outcome is a fair

representation of the results which were achieved

across all financial and non-financial metrics in 2022.

For members of the GEC, subject to further service

criteria being met, LTIs issued in 2020 will vest at

54,31%. These were subject to performance targets

over the period 1 July 2019 – 30 June 2022.

The Committee is concerned about the continuous

low level of vestings on the LTI plan but believes

that it is reflective of both the Group’s absolute

performance and performance relative to the market

over the past three years and hence agreed to not

amend the final vesting percentage.

Severe cash cost pressures in recent years meant

that members of management at Sasol had not

received salary increases for a number of years from

2016. In 2022, the Committee requested an extensive

benchmarking exercise and, as a result, awarded

members of the GEC higher-than-inflation increases

in October 2021. We also approved location-specific

inflation-related percentage increases for the

October 2022 salary increase cycle for employees

outside of collective bargaining units, including

members of the GEC.

As previously reported, the vesting of long-term

incentives awarded as part of the annual LTI award

on 4 December 2020 are subject, inter alia, to the

achievement of a set of performance targets.

Among them is the ESG target of implementing

150 MW of renewable energy capacity by 30 June

2023. Subsequent to December 2020, Sasol’s ability

to achieve this target has been affected by

unforeseen delays, including the sale of air

separation units to Air Liquide, the inclusion of

Air Liquide as a partner in our Renewable Energies

programme in Secunda and constrained supply

in South Africa. Considering these factors as well as

the macro impacts on the acquisition of renewable

energy, the final implementation date will only be

known in 2023. The Committee will consider this

matter during 2023 in view of the uncontrollable

events external to the organisation.

Shareholders will be requested to approve the new

LTI plan at the 2022 AGM. The main changes from

the 2016 LTI plan are specifically related to the

introduction of a post-termination shareholding

requirement for members of the GEC, and the

removal of the accelerated vesting regime for all

participants whose services are terminated under

good leaver provisions, thus ensuring awards vest

at their normal vesting date.

Following concerns raised by shareholders, an

extensive review of the structure and quantum

of the non-Executive Directors’ fees was conducted

which included a review of the peer group and a

detailed benchmarking exercise. This led to a

significant reduction in Board fees, and – where

necessary – Committee fees were also reduced to

ensure alignment. The new fee structure received

support from our shareholders at the previous AGM.

INDEPENDENT ADVISORS

Mr David Tuch,: Managing Director at Alvarez &

Marsal Taxand UK LLP (A&M) continued to act as

an Independent External Advisor to the Committee

in 2022. A&M provided information on global reward

trends as well as market insights into discussions

on executive reward matters. A&M did not provide

any other services to Sasol and the Committee

was satisfied with the advisor’s independence.

Looking forward 2023

We are driven to ensure that ESG issues receive

the necessary attention at Sasol, and to this end

the incentive targets for 2023 focus on Sasol’s drive

to decarbonise. Incentive plans include a holistic

approach to overall ESG matters balanced with

the requirement to deliver financial returns to our

shareholders. Several partnerships have been

concluded to realise our ESG ambitions. In the year

ahead, our high-severity incident programme will

receive additional leadership focus.

The Group is still intent on sustainably reducing our

levels of debt and as such will continue to focus on

cash fixed cost management and prudent capital

allocation. Free cash flow as a percentage of turnover

will also, for the first time, be introduced into our

Group STI Scorecard as we phase out the Sasol 2.0

specific targets. The Business Unit scorecards that

were introduced in 2022 will again be a feature of

the STI calculation for 2023 to ensure that there is

dedicated focus not only on Group priorities, but also

on the Business Unit priorities in Chemicals, Energy

and Mining. The final STI calculation will be weighted

between the Group and BU STI scorecards, depending

on line of sight and level of accountability.

In closing

The Committee remains dedicated to ensuring that

Sasol’s Remuneration Policy and the implementation

thereof is fair and responsible, enabling the

achievement of the Group’s strategic priorities

including value preservation and creation for our

shareholders, customers, communities and

employees. The Committee is satisfied that the

Policy meets the agreed objectives. It is also satisfied

that the remuneration outcomes for 2022 reflect

alignment between performance and rewards and are

appropriate and fair considering what was achieved

in the year. Ultimately, our success will be reflected in

the Sasol share price which significantly contributes

to the reward outcomes of our executive team.

The Committee appreciates the support of all Sasol

people and their resilience, dedication and generosity

displayed over this past year. I would like to express

appreciation to shareholders for their continued

commitment to engaging with me and look forward

to their endorsement of the advisory votes on our

Remuneration Policy and Implementation Report at

the 2022 AGM. I would also like to extend my

personal thanks to the Committee members for

their support, input and guidance in 2022.

Mpho Nkeli

Managing Director

Mr D Tuch acts as an independent advisor for the

Committee. The Committee is comfortable with

Mr Tuch’s independence.

At the end of each financial year, the President and

CEO tables the performance of all Prescribed Officers

to inform the decisions on annual increases and

incentive pay-outs. External market benchmark

data is also provided to the Committee to ensure

competitive reward practices. The Chairman of

the Board tables the performance outcomes and

proposed rewards for the Executive Directors and

the Company Secretary and the Committee then

recommends it for approval to the Board.

Regulatory compliance

Our reporting complies with:

• South African Companies Act requirements;

• Principles and recommended practices of King IVTM;

• Requirements of the Securities and Exchange

Commission (SEC) for secondary issuers; and

• The Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Listings

Requirements.

The Remuneration Report is a summary of the full Remuneration Policy and the Implementation Report

published in the Annual Financial Statements.

AFS For more detail refer to our Annual Financial Statements available on our website, www.sasol.com:

