Dear shareholders

As I reported in last year’s remuneration report, in line with our commitment to taking ESG into account in a meaningful way in

determining remuneration outcomes, the Remuneration Committee had decided to apply a 20% deduction to the STI payments for

the 2021 cycle and on the LTI award vestings in March 2022 in respect of the high number of fatalities that were experienced in 2021.

I am pleased to report the very significant turnaround in this respect in 2022, with a general improvement in safety lagging indicators

year-on-year upwards of 20% and a lowest ever number of fatalities experienced in a calendar year since Sibanye-Stillwater was

established. This is despite the substantial growth of the Group that now employs nearly three times the number of people than in its

early days. These are remarkable achievements. While ensuring that we have an adequate weighting towards ‘Safety KPIs’ in the

scorecards of management, we are confident that management nonetheless adopted an intense focus on safety as a moral and

business imperative and succeeded in delivering a remarkable turnaround.

Due to the exceptional share price performance over the three years from the LTI share awards date in March 2019 to the vesting

date in March 2022 (and notwithstanding the ESG deduction imposed to the fullest extent enabled by the LTI contracts), the 2022

remuneration received from the 2022 vesting of LTI awards was again high and at comparable levels to 2021. The share price had

increased over this 3-year period from a 20-day VWAP (volume-weighted average price) of R14.26 to R57.74, representing a total

shareholder return — including dividends — of 354% over the three years, or an annual return of 67%. These are exceptional

investment return outcomes enjoyed by shareholders and executives alike. While we recognise that commodity prices were a large

factor in the outcome, Sibanye-Stillwater’s performance exceeded that of all but one of its peers by a substantial margin. We

consider this to be a valid demonstration of pay for performance and alignment of outcomes for management with those of

shareholders as per the intention of the LTI scheme.

Although by far the majority of shareholders appreciated the correlation between pay and shareholder value and regarded the LTI

pay outcomes as acceptable, a meaningful minority of shareholders voted against the 2021 Remuneration Implementation report,

largely due their view of the LTI vesting outcome being ‘excessive remuneration’. Following consultation with concerned

shareholders as well as major shareholders despite their having voted in favour of the Implementation report, the Remuneration

Committee robustly interrogated the long-term linkage between pay and performance, the results of which are presented later on

in this report - and which conclusively demonstrate that rewards for the executive management of Sibanye-Stillwater are strongly

related to the performance that they deliver. Despite this, we have implemented some refinements to our remuneration policies to

ensure that the share prices used in share price-linked remuneration are representative of the Group’s long-term value, and not

influenced by short-term anomalies. The details of this moderating approach are outlined below.

From an operational perspective, 2022 proved to be a challenging year, with major external disruptions affecting delivery against

targets amid a global economic downturn that dampened commodity prices. This included the regional flooding in Montana,

the protracted strike in pursuit of unsustainable wage demands at our South African gold operations, escalating power unreliability,

and the progressive increase of organised criminal activities in South Africa that disrupted business continuity. Management is to

be commended for dealing with these factors while also pursuing the strategy to build Sibanye-Stillwater’s green metals business in

Europe and the Committee was mindful of relevant factors beyond their control when assessing performance such that the rewards

for 2022 are appropriately in line with the performance achieved.

Based on thorough reviews conducted on an ongoing basis by the Remuneration Committee together with necessary refinements

from time to time, I am confident that Sibanye-Stillwater’s remuneration philosophy and policies are appropriately suited to reward

executive management fairly in respect of the value that they deliver to all stakeholders, and to shareholders in particular.

REMUNERATION REPORT continued

SIBANYE-STILLWATER INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

236:

letter to concerned shareholders on 28 September 2022, providing a detailed statement of all

the concerns raised and our position on the issues, including the actions that we intended to take to address their concerns.

The table below provides an overview of the main points arising from these shareholder engagements and a summary of our responses.

The very high value achieved

by the executives on the

vesting of their LTI awards

(awarded in March 2018,

vested in March 2021), with

specific reference to the value

of the vesting of the CEO’s LTI

awards, which vested in 2021

The March 2018 LTI awards were made and vested in accordance with the remuneration policy that had

been consistently supported by shareholders, and the outcomes reflect the exceptional performance that

was delivered over the period, with Sibanye-Stillwater well exceeding the total shareholder returns delivered

by all but one of the peers over that time. Our review confirms that the arrangements in place result in a

strong pay for performance linkage and are effective in aligning executive management with shareholder

interests, who were the beneficiaries of a 67% per annum total shareholder return over the 3 years.

However, we have recognised a need for refinements to avoid the impact of anomalous short-term share

price fluctuations distorting the outcomes. Going forward, we will adopt a price smoothing mechanism that

ensures that we use a share price which represents longer-term value delivery to shareholders. In addition,

the rules have been updated to include provision for Remuneration Committee discretion in respect of the

value on vesting to cater for exceptional circumstances which we did not have in the past given the

contractual nature of the LTI awards once granted..

High levels of executive pay

in general when, in particular,

contrasted against post-Covid

and other economic

challenges in South Africa and

to the recent performance of

the Group

We continue to maintain that our approach to remuneration benchmarking is well founded, well applied,

and represents common market practice – albeit that we favour paying a slightly lower base pay compared

to ‘market’, combined with a slightly higher than ‘market’ potential variable pay. We will continue to apply

this basis until changes in market practice warrant otherwise.

We do so in the interests of paying a fair and competitive price as well as offering appropriate incentive pay

opportunities in order to attract, employ and retain the executive talent we seek such that they will be

suitably engaged and rewarded for their efforts in driving forward the company’s strategies, outcomes and

stakeholder value.

The level of disclosure relating

to pay differentials as well as

KPIs and performance

outcomes

Readers of our Integrated report will readily appreciate the difficulty faced in ensuring the right balance

between detail and conciseness for the purposes required. Our Integrated report is already a very extensive

and detailed document and the remuneration report comprises a considerable portion of it.

There are indeed further disclosures we will have to make should the South African Companies Act be

amended in the form that was last circulated for comment. We have considered carefully the specific

suggestions or requests made to add further granularity in future and have made some further changes.

Apparent inconsistency

in retirement ages in the Group

There is no policy or requirement that the retirement age needs to be the same everywhere across the

Group and, in fact, the retirement age is different for every region/domicile where we operate according

to local practices, needs and employment legislation. With the executive leadership of the Group becoming

more global, international peer comparisons provide the most appropriate reference points on which to

base retirement ages.

A concern that union member

employees should be given

the same percentage increase

as workers on other mines

The Group applies a remuneration policy that pays attention to both external and internal parity in terms of

remuneration levels, in order to avoid discrimination and unfairness. When it comes to applying this

comparative principle to the pay levels of unionised employees, the focus is on the actual and potential

levels of pay rather than the percentage increases being made in any one year by other companies.

As such, our emphasis is on the absolute figures that are (or can be) earned and not on the percentage

increases being applied elsewhere.

Furthermore, annual increases in pay are also influenced by financial sustainability considerations at the units

where collective bargaining is conducted. These vary across the Sibanye-Stillwater operations according to

their particular circumstances and are taken into account through the wage negotiation process.

Shareholder concerns

and feedback

RESPONSE

REMUNERATION REPORT continued

SIBANYE-STILLWATER INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

238:

