Managing Director

on 21 January 2015

Location: Australia

Board of Directors

N

R

S

Chair appointment

N

Nomination and Governance Committee

R

Remuneration Committee

RA

Risk and Audit Committee

S

Sustainability Committee

Committee membership key:

64

GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director Technical

Services, where she led Rio Tinto’s global technical services unit.

Prior to her retirement, Dr Liu was President and Chief Executive

Officer of Rio Tinto Minerals, with responsibility for integrated

operations of mining, processing, supply chain, marketing and

sales for its Borates business in the United States, Europe and

Asia.

Dr Liu has served as Vice President of the Board of the Australian

Aluminium Council, a Board Member of the California Chamber

of Commerce, a Director of Melbourne Business School and

Chancellor of Queensland University of Technology. She has also

served as a Non-Executive Director at Newcrest Mining Limited

(September 2015 until November 2020) and Iluka Resources

Limited.

External appointments:

ASX listed: Dr Liu is currently a Non-Executive Director of Incitec

Pivot Limited (since November 2019) and Chair of its Health,

Safety, Environment and Community Committee.

Skills & experience: With her accomplished career as a global

executive in the resources industry, Dr Liu brings to our Board

expertise in mining and processing operations, the execution of

major capital projects and commodity value chain management.

Her high financial acumen, expertise in health and safety and

strong understanding of the key environmental impacts, risks

and opportunities relevant to our operations, make her a valued

contributor to the Committees on which she serves. Dr Liu’s

knowledge and experience in technology and innovation,

together with her technical background, is an asset to our Board

as it oversees our advancement towards a low-carbon future.

Career summary: Dr Mtoba qualified as a chartered accountant

in South Africa and joined Deloitte and Touche in 1988,

specialising in financial services. She was one of the first African

Black women to be appointed Partner by one of the Big Four

accounting firms, and later was appointed Chairperson of Deloitte

Southern Africa.

Dr Mtoba is President and founder of TEACH South Africa, which

recruits skilled teachers for underprivileged schools. She has held

several board positions at organisations focused on economic

development and community engagement, including the New

Partnership for Africa’s Development Business Foundation and

the African Union Foundation. Dr Mtoba has also been President

of the Association for the Advancement of Black Accountants and

Business Unity South Africa and chaired the University of Pretoria

Council for over ten years.

Other positions Dr Mtoba has held include being a member of

the International Monetary Fund Advisory Group of Sub-Saharan

Africa, the World Economic Forum Global Advisory Council, and

the United Nations Global Compact Board. She has received

several awards for contributions to business and society,

including Most Outstanding Leadership Women of the Year

(Africa Economy Builders, 2018).

External appointments: Dr Mtoba is currently a Non-Executive

Director and Deputy Chair of the Public Investment Corporation

Limited and Chair of its Audit Committee; a Director of Discovery

Bank Holdings Limited and Lead Independent Director and Audit

Committee Chair of Discovery Bank Limited and a Director of

Vumelana Advisory Fund and the International Women’s Forum

(South Africa).

Skills and experience: Dr Mtoba’s tenure as partner and a leader

at one of Africa’s predominant financial professional services

firms, and the numerous roles she has held in local, regional and

international organisations and forums, means that she provides

our Board with considerable financial, economic and public policy

expertise and leadership. Dr Mtoba brings a strong focus on

culture and her expertise in social performance and community

and stakeholder engagement are an asset to our Board as it

supports our aspiration to contribute social and economic value

where we operate.

Dr Xiaoling Liu BEng (Extractive Metallurgy), PhD (Extractive

Metallurgy), FAusIMM, FTSE, 65

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed: 1 November 2017

Location: Australia

Dr Ntombifuthi (Futhi) Mtoba CA(SA), DCom (Honoris Causa),

BCompt (Hons), HDip Banking Law, BA (Econ)(Hons), BA (Arts), 67

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed: 7 May 2015

Location: South Africa

N

N

RA

66

GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director,

leading an integrated business comprised of bauxite mining,

alumina refining, coal mining, power generation and aluminium

smelting until his retirement in 2008.

Since 2008, Mr Osborn has served as a Non-Executive Director

in the mining, energy and construction industries. Most recently,

he was a Non-Executive Director of Wesfarmers Limited from

March 2010 to October 2021.

Other key roles Mr Osborn has held include Chairman of the

Australian Institute of Marine Science, Chairman of the Western

Australia Branch of the Australia Business Arts Foundation

and Vice President of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry,

Western Australia. He is also a recipient of the WA Business

Leader Award (2007) and the Australian Institute of Company

Directors Award for Excellence (2018).

External appointments: None.

Skills and experience: Mr Osborn brings expertise in mining

and smelting operations, large-scale capital projects and

commodity value chain management to our Board. His broad

skills and experience in health and safety management and

strong understanding of the key environmental issues, risks

and opportunities relevant to our operations, are an asset to

our Board as it oversees our commitments to improve our

safety performance, address climate change and manage our

environmental impact. Mr Osborn’s experience leading large

workforces, expertise in overseeing remuneration design and

implementation and strong focus on sustainability, make him a

highly capable Remuneration Committee Chair.

Career summary: Mr Rumble is a qualified geologist. He joined

Richards Bay Minerals (at that time, a joint venture between

BHP and the Rio Tinto Group) in 1980, working in smelting and

metallurgy, and held various management positions before

becoming CEO in 1996. Prior to that appointment, Mr Rumble

spent just under three years with Rio Tinto’s iron and titanium

business as Director of International Sales and Marketing and re-

joined the business in 2000 as President and CEO of Rio Tinto Iron

and Titanium Inc. in Canada.

In 2001, Mr Rumble joined Impala Platinum, where he held the

role of CEO until 2006, after which he moved to junior miner SUN

Mining (part of the SUN Group), also as CEO.

Since his retirement as an executive in 2008, Mr Rumble has held

Non-Executive Director positions at the BHP Group and South

African infrastructure and resources company, Aveng Limited.

External appointments: Mr Rumble is currently a Director of

Enzyme Technologies (Pty) Limited and Elite Wealth (Pty) Limited.

Skills and experience: With his substantial tenure as an

executive leader in the resources industry, Mr Rumble brings

deep knowledge and experience in mining and smelting

operations. His expertise in geological and geoscience matters

and strong understanding of the key environmental impacts, risks

and opportunities relevant to our business, enhance our Board’s

capability to oversee our sustainability commitments, risks

and impacts. These skills, together with his health and safety

management expertise and proficiency in risk management,

make him a highly capable Sustainability Committee Chair.

Mr Wayne Osborn Dip Elect Eng, MBA, FTSE, 70

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed: 7 May 2015

Location: Australia

Mr Keith Rumble BSc, MSc (Geology), 68

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed: 27 February 2015

Location: South Africa

N

N

R

R

S

67

SOUTH32 ANNUAL REPORT 2022:

Managing Director, Graham

Kerr, holds rights over South32 Limited

shares, granted under the South32 Equity

Incentive Plan. You can find more details

about this in the Remuneration report on

page 100.

The total number of rights over South32

Limited shares on issue as at 30 June

2022 is set out in note 23 to the financial

statements (Employee share ownership

plans) on pages 152 to 155.

South32 Limited does not have any options

on issue. No options or rights have been

granted since the end of FY22.

As of the date of this report, the total

number of rights over South32 Limited

shares on issue is 42,614,372. The

Remuneration report contains details of

rights on issue. No shares have been issued

on vesting of rights during or since the end

of FY22.

Company Secretary

Claire Tolcon

LLB, BComm, GCertCorpMgt, FGIA

Claire Tolcon is our Manager Company

Secretariat and Corporate Counsel. She

was appointed Company Secretary on

30 October 2020. Before joining South32 in

2017, Claire held the role of General Counsel

and Company Secretary for a number of

ASX listed entities, prior to which she was

a partner of a corporate law firm in Perth.

She holds a Bachelor of Laws and Bachelor

of Commerce from Murdoch University and

a Graduate Diploma of Applied Finance and

Investment from Kaplan.

Indemnities and insurance

The South32 Limited Constitution requires

that we indemnify each Director and

Company Secretary (including employees

appointed as directors of a Group

company) on a full indemnity basis and

to the extent permitted by law against

liability incurred by them in their capacity

as an officer of any Group company. The

Directors and the Company Secretary

named in this report have the benefit

of this indemnity (as do individuals who

formerly held one of these positions).

As permitted by our Constitution,

South32 Limited has entered into Deeds

of Indemnity, Access and Insurance with

each of the Company’s Directors, Company

Secretary and the Chief Financial Officer

under which we agree to indemnify those

persons on a full indemnity basis and to the

extent permitted by law.

We purchase Directors' and Officers'

liability insurance which insures against

certain liabilities (subject to exclusions) in

respect of current and former Directors

and other Officers of the Group. Due

to confidentiality obligations and

undertakings of the insurance, we can’t

disclose any further details about the

premium or insurance.

During FY22 and as at the date of this

Directors’ report, no indemnity in favour of

a current or former Director or Officer of

the Group has been called on.

Corporate Governance

Under ASX Listing Rule 4.10.3,

ASX listed entities are required to

benchmark their corporate governance

practices against the fourth edition

of the ASX Corporate Governance

Council’s Corporate Governance

Principles and Recommendations (ASX

Recommendations).

South32 is compliant with all relevant ASX

Recommendations.

Our Corporate Governance Statement

is available at www.south32.net/who-

we-are/risk-governance. It also contains

the information required under the UK

Financial Conduct Authority’s Disclosure

Guidance and Transparency Rules.

Auditor

Our External Auditor has provided an

independence declaration in accordance

with the Corporations Act, which is set out

on page 167 and forms part of this report.

The External Auditor also provides

our Directors with an independent

assurance conclusion. This relates to

certain sustainability information and

is in accordance with the International

Standards on Assurance Engagements

ISAE 3000 Assurance Engagements

other than Audits or Reviews of Historical

Financial Information and ISAE 3410

Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse

Gas Statements.

A copy of the External Auditor’s assurance

report is included in the Sustainability

Databook, available at www.south32.net

Non-audit services

All non-audit services provided by our

External Auditor are considered and

approved in accordance with the process

set out in our Provision of Non-Audit

Services Policy.

No non-audit services were undertaken

by, and no amounts paid to, our External

Auditor during FY22. Refer to note 21

to the financial statements (Auditor’s

remuneration) on page 151.

Political donations and community

investment

Our Code of Business Conduct sets out

our approach to political donations and

community investment.

In FY22, we made no political donations to

any political party, politician, political party

official, elected official or candidate for

public office in any country. On occasion, our

representatives attend political events that

charge an attendance fee where attendance

is approved beforehand in accordance with

our internal approval requirements. We

record the details of attendances and the

relevant costs at a corporate level.

In FY22, we contributed US$31.1 million

for the purposes of supporting community

programs that comprised direct investment,

in-kind support and administrative costs.

For more information on our community

investment, please visit www.south32.net/

community-society/community-investment.

Directors’ report continued

70

GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director

See page 64 for Graham Kerr’s

qualifications and experience.

Katie Tovich

BCom, CA, GAICD, 52

Chief Financial Officer

Katie Tovich joined South32

in 2015 and became our Chief

Financial Officer in May 2019.

Prior to this role, Katie was Vice

President Corporate Affairs

and Investor Relations, as

well as Head of Treasury. She

is responsible for Financial

Reporting, Financial Analysis,

Treasury, Business Evaluation,

Tax, Investor Relations, Risk and

Group Assurance.

Katie brings more than 25

years of global experience in

the resources sector. Before

joining South32, she held

senior finance and marketing

roles at BHP in Australia and

Asia, including Vice President

Corporate Finance, Head of

Finance Worsley Alumina

and Vice President Finance

Marketing – Carbon Steel

Materials. Earlier in her mining

career, she held finance and

marketing leadership positions

at WMC Resources Limited in

Australia and North America.

Katie holds a Bachelor of

Commerce from the University

of Tasmania, is a member

of Chartered Accountants

Australia and New Zealand and

is a graduate of the Australian

Institute of Company Directors.

Jason Economidis

MBA (Executive), GAICD, 53

Chief Operating Officer

Australia

Jason Economidis became our

Chief Operating Officer in July

2020, assuming responsibility

for Australia Manganese,

Cannington, Illawarra

Metallurgical Coal and Worsley

Alumina. Prior to this role, Jason

was Vice President Operations

at Illawarra Metallurgical Coal.

Jason is an experienced mining

executive having worked in the

sector in Australia and overseas

for more than 25 years. He

joined South32 from Orica,

where he held the position of

Vice President Coal and was

responsible for 25 mining

operations across Queensland

and New South Wales.

Jason has held several other

senior positions in the industry

including General Manager of

the Coppabella and Moorvale

Complex for Peabody Energy,

Chief Operating Officer of

Vale Coal Australia, General

Manager of Goonyella-Riverside

and Caval Ridge, Vice President

Health, Safety, Environment and

Community for BHP and Chief

Operating Officer of Discovery

Metals, based in Botswana.

Jason holds a Master of

Business Administration

(Executive) from the

Australian Graduate School of

Management and is a graduate

of the Australian Institute of

Company Directors.

Noel Pillay

NHDP Mech Eng, 54

Chief Operating Officer Africa

and Colombia

Noel Pillay became our Chief

Operating Officer in October

2021 and is responsible for

our operations in Africa and

Colombia.

Prior to this role, Noel was

Vice President Operations at

Worsley Alumina where he was

responsible for the operation’s

safety, production and cost

performance. Before his time at

Worsley Alumina, Noel was Vice

President Operations at Hillside

Aluminium in South Africa.

Before joining South32, Noel

worked for BHP from 1994 as

a Maintenance Engineer at

Hillside Aluminium and has

held several leadership roles

in Maintenance, Production,

Business Improvement and

Human Resources in South

Africa and Australia.

Noel is a trained Mechanical

Engineer and holds a National

Higher Diploma from the

University of Johannesburg.

72

GOVERNANCE:

LETTER FROM

OUR REMUNERATION

COMMITTEE CHAIR: Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Remuneration report for the financial year to 30 June 2022 (FY22).

Our performance

In FY22, we took important steps to transform our portfolio toward the metals critical to a low-carbon future and we accelerated the

decarbonisation activities that will help us achieve our climate change objectives.

Our operations delivered to revised plans, despite a challenging external environment which included managing the ongoing impacts

of COVID-19, labour availability and extreme weather events. We delivered record production at Worsley Alumina and operated at

maximum technical capacity at Hillside Aluminium and Mozal Aluminium. The combination of consistent operating performance and

favourable market conditions allowed us to deliver a 282 per cent increase in Underlying EBIT and a 432 per cent increase in Underlying

earnings. These record levels of profitability underpinned record shareholder returns in respect of FY22, including dividends totalling

US$1.2B and a further US$128M returned via our ongoing on-market share buy-back.

Following the divestment of South Africa Energy Coal and TEMCO in FY21, we restated our Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF)

for previous years and on this basis our TRIF for FY22 decreased by 12 per cent to 5.3 per million hours worked (FY21 6.0). While our

TRIF did not meet our 20 per cent reduction target, we made strong progress in reducing injuries at a number of sites and significant

progress in reducing potential material health exposures. More broadly, a further improvement in hazard management was embedded

and this will remain a critical focus given its role as a key leading indicator for health and safety outcomes.

Our performance across the year is recognised in our Business Scorecard, where an overall outcome of 99.6 per cent (out of a possible

150 per cent) was achieved (refer to page 87 for additional detail).

Application of the Business Modifier

As the intent of the short-term incentive (STI) is to focus our executives on what they can influence in the performance year, we remove

the impacts of external factors such as commodity price volatility and foreign exchange rate movements. Conversely, the Business

Modifier component of the STI considers factors not specifically contemplated in the Business Scorecard such as fatalities, other

unexpected events, and the shareholder experience, to ensure unintended reward outcomes are avoided.

Notwithstanding our stable operating performance and strong financial results, the Board’s primary concern when considering the

application of the Business Modifier for FY22 related to the loss of our colleague, Desmin Mienies, who was fatally injured at our Wessels

mine. Recognising our commitment that our employees and contractors must go home safely at the end of every shift, the Board chose

to exercise its discretion by reducing the overall STI outcome for both the CEO and the Chief Operating Officer accountable for South

Africa Manganese at the time of the fatality by 20 per cent. A reduction of five or ten per cent has also been applied to the STI outcome

of other Executive key management personnel (KMP) and members of the Lead Team. The application of the Business Modifier reflects

our commitment to safety and takes all factors into account, including overall reward for the CEO and Executive KMP (see page 89).

Changes to the reward framework

We announced enhancements to our Reward Framework in the FY21 Remuneration report following completion of an extensive review

and a series of engagements with investors and other external stakeholders. We have implemented these enhancements from FY22,

which include:

–

A 33 per cent reduction in the face value of the long-term incentive (LTI) for all Executive KMP;

–

The incorporation of two strategic measures for 20 per cent of our LTI, directly linking executive reward to climate change and the

transition of our portfolio toward the metals critical to a low-carbon future;

–

An increase in the weighting of the financial measures in the STI to achieve an appropriate balance across the elements of variable

pay, given the inclusion of our strategic measures in the LTI; and

–

A shift from an index to a constituent group of companies for the global mining comparator group in the LTI, against which two-thirds

of relative total shareholder return performance is measured, to better align our approach to market practice.

We were pleased to receive strong support for these changes at the 2021 Annual General Meeting with over 98 per cent voting ‘for’ the

Remuneration report.

We have included an initial update for our strategic measures in this report to highlight the early progress we’ve made in the first

year of the four-year performance period (refer to page 94 for this update). We have advanced our decarbonisation initiatives with the

completion of feasibility studies and other foundational work, while we also made material changes to our portfolio with the integration

of a 45 per cent interest in the Sierra Gorda copper mine in Chile and the addition of low-carbon aluminium production capacity (refer to

page 94 for additional detail).

74

GOVERNANCE

Managing Director

Dated 8 September 2022

166

FINANCIAL REPORT:

