letter dated July 01, 2021, wherein the Company intimated about the ensuing 29th

Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Members of the Company on Friday, July 30, 2021 at 09:00 A.M.

through VC/OAVM. In view of the continuing Covid-19 pandemic, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs vide

circular dated April 08, 2020 and April 13, 2020, May 05, 2020 and January 13, 2021 (referred as ‘MCA

Circulars’) and SEBI vide its Circular dated May 12, 2020 & January 15, 2021 have permitted the holding

of Annual General Meeting through VC/ OAVM without the physical presence of members at a common

venue. In compliance with the provisions of the MCA Circulars, the AGM of the Company will be held

through VC/OAVM.

Pursuant to provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies

(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended by the Companies (Management and

Administration) Amendment Rules, 2015 and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements), Regulations, 2015, the Company is pleased to provide members facility to exercise their

right to vote at the ensuing AGM by electronic means and the business may be transacted through e-Voting

Services. The facility of casting the votes by the members using an electronic voting system from a place

other than venue of the AGM (“remote e-voting”) will be provided by National Securities Depository

Limited (NSDL). The facility for voting through remote e-voting shall also be made available at the AGM.

The Notice is also available on the website of the Company (www.coforgetech.com) and National

Securities Depository Limited (NSDL), www.evoting.nsdl.com. inter alia indicating the process and

manner of e-Voting process.

The e-voting period will be from July 27, 2021 at 9:00 A.M. till July 29, 2021 at 5:00 P.M. During this

period shareholders of the Company may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module shall also be

disabled for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the shareholder, the shareholder shall

not be allowed to change it subsequently.

The voting rights of members shall be in proportion to their shares of the paid up equity share capital of the

Company as on the cut-off date of July 23, 2021. Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and

become member of the Company after dispatch of the notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date i.e.

July 23, 2021 may obtain the login ID and password by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or

investors@Coforgetech.com or rta@alankit.com:

letter, determining the

form, proportion and manner of the issue, including

the class of investors to whom the Securities are to

be allotted, number of Securities to be allotted, issue

price, premium amount on issue, fixing record date,

seeking listings on one or more stock exchanges

in India or abroad, entering into arrangements for

managing,

underwriting,

marketing,

listing

and

trading, to issue placement documents and to sign all

deeds, documents and writings and to pay any fees,

commissions, remuneration, expenses relating thereto

and for other related matters and with power on behalf

of the Company to settle all questions, difficulties

or doubts that may arise in regard to such offer(s)

or issue(s) or allotment(s) as it may, in its absolute

discretion, deem fit.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and

is hereby authorised to appoint merchant bankers,

underwriters, depositories, custodians, registrars,

trustees, bankers, lawyers, advisors and all such

agencies as may be involved or concerned in the

DR Issue/Issue and to remunerate them by way of

commission, brokerage, fees or the like (including

reimbursement of their actual expenses) and also

to enter into and execute all such arrangements,

contracts/agreements,

memorandum,

documents,

etc., with such agencies, to seek the listing of Securities

on one or more recognized stock exchange(s), to affix

Engage With The Emerging

Coforge Limited (erstwhile NIIT Technologies Limited)

(CIN: L72100DL1992PLC048753)

8, Balaji Estate, Third Floor, Guru Ravi Das Marg, Kalkaji New Delhi-110019, India

Tel: +91-11-41029297, Fax: +91-11-26414900, Email: investors@coforgetech.com

Corporate Website: www.coforgetech.com

N O T I C E:

letter

signed by all the shareholders along with self-attested

copies of PAN Card and address proof to register their

email ids. In view of extraordinary circumstances due

to pandemic caused by Covid-19, and line with the

MCA Circulars, physical copies of the AGM Notice are

not being dispatched. Shareholders may note that this

notice is also available on the website of the Company

(www.coforgetech.com)

and

National

Securities

Depository Limited (NSDL), www.evoting.nsdl.com.

3.

The relevant details as required pursuant to Regulations

26(4) and 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and

Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued

by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, of

the person seeking appointment/re-appointment as

Director under Item Nos. 3, 4 & 5 of the Notice are

also annexed.

4.

A Member entitled to attend and vote at the Annual

General Meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to

attend and the proxy need not be a member of the

Company. Since the AGM is being held through VC/

OAVM, physical presence of the members have

been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for

appointment of proxies by the members will not be

available for the AGM and hence the proxy form and

attendance slip are not annexed to this notice.

5.

Members attending the meeting through VC/OAVM

shall be counted for the purpose of quorum under

Section 103 of the Act.

6.

Corporate Members including Institutional/ Corporate

Shareholders (i.e. other than individuals /HUF, NRI,

etc.) are requested to send a certified true copy of

the Board Resolution authorizing their authorized

representative to attend the AGM through VC/ OAVM

and vote on their behalf through remote e-voting.

The said Resolution/ Authorization shall be sent to

the Scrutinizer by email through its registered email

address to officenns@gmail.com with a copy marked

to investors@coforgetech.com.

7.

Members seeking any information with regard to the

accounts or any matter to be placed at the AGM, are

requested to write to the Company on or before July

28, 2021 by 05:00 P.M. through email on investors@

coforgetech.com. The same will be replied by the

Company suitably.

8.

Members who hold shares in physical form in multiple

folios in identical names or joint accounts in the

same order of names are requested to send share

certificates to the Company for consolidation into a

single folio.

9.

Members are requested to intimate changes, if

any, pertaining to their name, postal address, email

address, telephone/ mobile numbers, Permanent

Account Number (PAN), mandates, nominations,

power of attorney, bank details such as, name of the

bank and branch details, bank account number, MICR

code, IFSC code, etc., to their DPs in case the shares

are held by them in electronic form and to TCPL in

case the shares are held by them in physical form.

Engage With The Emerging

Coforge Limited (erstwhile NIIT Technologies Limited)

(CIN: L72100DL1992PLC048753)

8, Balaji Estate, Third Floor, Guru Ravi Das Marg, Kalkaji New Delhi-110019, India

Tel: +91-11-41029297, Fax: +91-11-26414900, Email: investors@coforgetech.com

Corporate Website: www.coforgetech.com

N O T I C E:

letter to the Company at its

Engage With The Emerging

Coforge Limited (erstwhile NIIT Technologies Limited)

(CIN: L72100DL1992PLC048753)

8, Balaji Estate, Third Floor, Guru Ravi Das Marg, Kalkaji New Delhi-110019, India

Tel: +91-11-41029297, Fax: +91-11-26414900, Email: investors@coforgetech.com

Corporate Website: www.coforgetech.com

N O T I C E:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of

the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized

to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to officenns@

gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login

to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five

unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password.

In such an event, you will need to go through the

“Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User

Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.

nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the

download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on

toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or

send a request to Mr. Narender Dev at evoting@nsdl.

co.in

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are

not registered with the depositories for procuring

user id and password and registration of e mail ids for

e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please

provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned

copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN

(self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR

(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email

to investors@coforgetech.com.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please

provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16

digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of

Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested

scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested

scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to investors@

coforgetech.com. If you are an Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode, you are requested

to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e.

Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting

for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat

mode.

3.

Alternatively shareholder/members may send a

request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user

id and password for e-voting by providing above

mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020

on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies,

Individual shareholders holding securities in demat

mode are allowed to vote through their demat

account maintained with Depositories and Depository

Participants. Shareholders are required to update

their mobile number and email ID correctly in their

demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.

The instructions for members for e-voting on the day

of the AGM are as under:-

1.

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is

same as the instructions mentioned above for remote

e-voting.

Engage With The Emerging

Coforge Limited (erstwhile NIIT Technologies Limited)

(CIN: L72100DL1992PLC048753)

8, Balaji Estate, Third Floor, Guru Ravi Das Marg, Kalkaji New Delhi-110019, India

Tel: +91-11-41029297, Fax: +91-11-26414900, Email: investors@coforgetech.com

Corporate Website: www.coforgetech.com

N O T I C E:

Managing Director

and a Member of the Investment Committee and

Portfolio Management Committee of BPEA. Mr. Cheong

joined BPEA in 1998. Mr. Cheong is involved in BPEA’s

investments in Southeast Asia. Mr. Cheong has also been

involved with BPEA’s investments in China, Korea, U.S.

and India. Mr. Cheong was previously a Manager with BZW

Asia for three years, where he was involved in corporate

finance and M&A in the Region. Prior to that, Mr. Cheong

spent three years with DBS Bank, where he was involved

in credit, marketing and loan syndications.

Brief profile of Mr. Patrick John Cordes (DIN: 02599675)

Mr. Patrick John Cordes is a: Managing

letter

of appointment outlining his/her role, functions, duties

and responsibilities. The terms and conditions of the

appointment of Non-Executive Directors are placed on the

website on the Company at www.coforgetech.com.

Key Managerial Personnel

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Companies

Act, 2013, the Company has the following Directors/

employees as Whole-time Key Managerial Personnel as

on March 31, 2021:

a)

Mr. Sudhir Singh – Chief Executive Officer & Executive

Director

b)

Mr. Ajay Kalra - Chief Financial Officer

c)

Mr. Lalit Kumar Sharma - Company Secretary & Legal

Counsel

There is no changes in the status of KMPs during the year.

Number of meetings of the Board

The Board of Directors of the Company met 6 (Six) times

in the FY2020-21. The details pertaining to the Board

Meetings and attendance are provided in the Corporate

Governance Report. The intervening gap between two

Board Meetings was within the period prescribed under

Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Obligations &

Disclosure Regulations, 2015 as amended. The details of

the attendance and other relevant details are provided in

the Corporate Governance Report.

Directors’ Responsibility Statement

As required under Section 134(3)(c) read with 134(5) of

the Companies Act, 2013, the Board of Directors of the

Company hereby states and confirms that:-

a.

In the preparation of the Annual Accounts, the

applicable Accounting Standards have been followed

along with proper explanation relating to material

departures;

b.

The Company has selected such accounting policies

and applied them consistently and made judgments

and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as

to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the

Company at the end of the Financial Year and of the

Profit & Loss of the Company for that period;

c.

Proper and sufficient care has been taken for the

maintenance

of

adequate

accounting

records

in accordance with the provisions of this Act for

safeguarding the assets of the Company and for

preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;

d.

The Annual Accounts are prepared on a going

concern basis;

e.

Suitable internal financial controls have been

implemented by the Company and such internal

financial controls are adequate and are operating

effectively.

f.

Proper systems have been devised to ensure

compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws

and such systems are adequate and are operating

effectively.

Deposits from Public

The Company has not accepted any Deposits under

Chapter V of the Companies Act, 2013 during the year and

hence no amount of principal or interest was outstanding

on the date of the Balance Sheet.

Share Capital

a)

Issue of equity shares with differential rights or

sweat equity shares

During the year, the Company has not issued any

equity shares with differential rights/sweat equity

shares under Companies (Share Capital and

Debentures) Rules, 2014.

b)

Issue of Employee Stock Options

During the year, the Company issued 54,080(Fifty

Four Thousand &Eighty) Equity shares on the exercise

of stock options under the Employee Stock Option

Scheme of the Company (ESOP 2005). Consequently,

the issued, subscribed and Paid-up Equity Capital

increased to Rs. 605,923,490 as at March 31, 2021

pursuant to Rule 12(9) of Companies (Share Capital

and Debentures) Rules, 2014. The grant-wise details

of the Employee Stock Option Scheme are partially

provided in the Notes to Accounts of the Financial

Statement in the Annual Report and a comprehensive

note on the same forms part of the Board Report,

which is available on the website of the Company

(www.coforgetech.com/investors).

c)

Provision of money by Company for purchase of

its own shares by employees or by trustees for the

benefit of employees

In terms of Rule 16(4) of Companies (Share Capital

and Debentures) Rules, 2014, the Company has not

provided any funds for purchase of its own shares by

employees or by trustees for the benefit of employees.:

letter of offer and tender form. SEBI

has provided an extension for dispatching the: letter of

offer and tender form within 15 days from the end of

the ‘lockdown’ as announced by the Government. All

the formalities pursuant to buyback were completed

on June 22, 2020 and post buyback corporate

action the share capital of the company stood at INR

605,382,690.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

The Board of Directors has the following Committees:

1.

Audit Committee

2.

Nomination & Remuneration Committee

3.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

4.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

5.

Risk Management Committee

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee of the Company is constituted as per

Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 & Regulation 18

of the SEBI Listing Obligations and Disclosure Regulation,

2015 as amended, and it consists of a majority of

Independent Directors. The Board in its meeting held on

March 20, 2019 revised the charter of the Committee in line

with SEBI Listing Obligations & Disclosure Regulations,

2015 as amended effective from April 01, 2019. The

details of the attendance in the meetings and other details

are provided in the Corporate Governance Report. The

Audit Committee of the Board comprises of the following

members:

1.

Mr. Ashwani Kumar Puri - Chairperson

2.

Mr. Basab Pradhan

3.

Ms. Holly Jane Morris

4.

Mr. Patrick John Cordes

Mr. Ashwani Puri, an Independent Director is the

letter of credit, bank guarantees, and other

payment methods reduce the delays in payments,

whereas instant tracking of shipment status saves time

and cost. Coforge’s Travel, Transport, and Hospitality

experts bring a unique platform for our stakeholders

to understand and experience the emerging tools

and technologies. A Blockchain & IoT-based cold

supply chain solution provides real-time tracking

of temperature, humidity, and other parameters. It

ensures the safety and quality of goods, thereby

improving confidence in products and the brand.

•

We have built a Quantum lab that consists of multiple

experiments on which our research teams work. With

a worldwide network of Clients in diverse business

areas, we are committed to driving our Clients’

innovation by creating a quantum-ready workforce

by training and guidance. The application of quantum

computing help to solve the most challenging problems

in cryptography and machine learning. The Quantum

research team is working on the significant Quantum

cloud provides like Azure and Amazon Braket.

Coforge is all about working with Clients, co-creating new

markets, and transforming existing markets, helping Clients

rationalize cost in process while continuously delivering

value and growth. We are at an inflection point where the

Digital Transformation is accelerating, and this change

brings with it new challenges and new opportunities. The

new battlegrounds are being serviced it is the one who

works faster fails faster and enables growth faster Will be

the winner.:

Managing Director w.e.f. May 17, 2019.

Hence, their remuneration paid to both of them is not shown above as the comparative figures are not available for FY21.

Remuneration paid to Non-Executive Directors

Name

Title

Remuneration in

FY21 (Rs. In Mn)

Remuneration in

FY20 (Rs. In Mn)

% increase in

Remuneration

in FY21 over

FY20

Ratio of

Remuneration to

Median Remuneration

of employees of the

Company

Median

remuneration

of employees

of the

Company

Mr. Basab

Pradhan

Non-Executive

Director

Independent

Director -

Chairperson

14.99

15.41

(2.7%)

14.28

1.05

Mr. Ashwani

Puri

Independent

Director

3.08

4.19

(26.5%)

2.93

1.05

Ms. Holly Morris Independent

Director

3.34

3.44

(2.9%)

3.18

1.05

Mr. Hari

Goplalakrishnan

Non Executive

Director

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Mr. Patrick John

Cordes

Non Executive

Director

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Mr. Kenneth

Tuck Keun

Cheong

Non Executive

Director

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Mr. Kirti Ram

Hariharan

Non Executive

Director

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Note*

a.

Mr. Vijay Kumar Thadani, Mr. Amit Sharma and Mr. Surendra Singh have resiged from the Company in the FY2019, hence their disclosure is

not made above.

b.

Decrease in remuneration to Independent Directors is due to change in the no. of meetings attended during the year.:

Letter of Approval (LOA) for setting up 100% EOU under Software Technology Park (STP);

b. Obtaining License for setting up Private Custom Bonded Warehouse;

c. Submission of Monthly Progress Report;

d. Submission of Annual Progress Report.:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure-I and forms an integral part of this

report.

To,

The Members,

Coforge Limited

(Earlier known as NIIT Technologies Limited),

8, Balaji Estate, Third Floor,

Guru Ravi Das Marg, Kalkaji,

New Delhi-110019

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter:

1.

Management of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial Records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of the events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

7.

We have tried to verify the physical records, to the extent possible, for the period under review in order to verify

the compliances, however, reliance was also placed on electronic records for verification due to lockdown

announced by Government of India on account of COVID-19 pandemic.

FOR RANJEET PANDEY & ASSOCIATES

COMPANY SECRETARIES

Place: NEW DELHI

CS RANJEET PANDEY

Date: 06/05/2021

FCS- 5922, CP No.- 6087

UDINF005922C000253015

letter of

appointment is given to him/her, which inter alia explains

the role, function, duties and responsibilities expected

of him/her as a Director of the Company. The terms and

conditions of the appointment are also placed on the

website of the Company. Each newly appointed Director

is taken through a familiarization program in terms of the

SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements),

Regulations, 2015, including the interaction with the CEO

& the Senior Management of the Company covering all

marketing, finance and other important aspects of the

Company. The Company Secretary briefs the Director

about their legal and regulatory responsibilities. The

familiarization program also includes interactive sessions

with Business and Functional Heads and visit to the

Business Centres. The website for the same is www.

coforgetech.com

Meeting of Independent Directors

During the year under review, a separate meeting of the

Independent Directors was held without the attendance

of Non-Independent Directors and members of the

management.

Code of Conduct

The Company has a well-defined policy, which lays

down procedures to be followed by the employees for

ethical professional conduct. The Code of Conduct has

been laid down for all the Board Members and Senior

Management of the Company. The Board members and

Senior Management personnel have affirmed compliance

with the Company’s code of conduct for the year 2020-21.

This Code has been displayed on the Company’s website.

Board Committees

With a view to have a more focused attention on business

and for better governance and accountability, the Board

has the following mandatory committees:

a.

Audit Committee

b.

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

c.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

d.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

e.

Risk Management committee

The terms of reference of these Committees are determined

by the Board and their relevance reviewed from time to

time. Meetings of each of these Committees are convened

by the respective Chairman of the Committee, who also

informs the Board about the summary of discussions held

in the Committee Meetings. The Minutes of the Committee

Meetings are sent to all members of the Committee

individually and tabled at the Board Meetings.

Audit Committee

The Company has an Audit Committee in accordance with

Regulation 18 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with Section 177 of

the Companies Act, 2013.

The composition of the Audit Committee and details of

the Meetings and Attendance during the FY2020-21is

as under:

Name of the

Committee

member

Category

Designation

Number of

meetings during

the Financial Year

2020-21

Dates of

meetings

held during

the year

Held

Attended

Mr. Basab

Pradhan

Independent

Director

Member

6

6

May 04, 2020

July 28, 2020

October 21,

2020

November 20,

2020

January 27,

2021

March 10,

2021

Mr. Patrick

John Cordes

Non-Executive

Director

Member

6

6

Mr. Ashwani

Kumar Puri

Independent

Director

Chairman

6

6

Ms. Holly

Jane Morris

Independent

Director

Member

6

6

All the Members of the Audit Committee have the requisite

qualification for appointment on the Committee and

possess sound knowledge of finance, accounting practices

and internal controls. The Chairperson of the Audit

Committee is an Independent Director and the Company

Secretary acts as Secretary to the Committee. The Audit

Committee also invites the CEO, Chief Financial Officer,

Internal Audit Head/representatives of Internal Audit firm*,

representatives of Statutory Auditors and such executives

as it consider appropriate at its meetings.

*During the year, the Company appointed KPMG

Assurance and Consulting Services LLP as Internal Audit

Firm after resignation of Mr. Gautam Chandra as Internal

Audit Head of the Company wef October 22, 2020.

The Committee also passed the Circular Resolutions on

June 03, 2020 and December 18, 2020.:

Managing Director

and Whole-time Directors of the Company.

vi) “Independent Director” means a director referred

to in Section 149 (6) of the Companies Act, 2013

read with SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

vii) “Key Managerial Personnel” or “KMP” means Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company in terms of the

Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made thereunder.

As per Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013, the

following are whole time Key Managerial Personnel:

a): Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer or the

Manager and in their absence a Wholetime Director

b)

Company Secretary; and

c)

Chief Financial Officer

viii) “Non-Executive Director” means the director other

than the Executive Director and Independent Director.

ix) “Senior Management Personnel” for this purpose

shall mean employees of the company who are

members of its core management team excluding

Board of Directors. It would comprise all members

of management one level below the -Chief Executive

Officer/Managing

Director/Whole

Time

Director/

Manager (including Chief Executive Officer/Manager,

in case they are not part of the Board) including all

Functional/vertical Heads, Company Secretary &

Chief Financial Officer.

Unless the context otherwise requires, words and

expressions used in this policy and not defined herein

but defined in the Companies Act, 2013 or SEBI

(Listing Obligations & Disclosure) Regulations, 2015

as may be amended from time to time shall have the

meaning respectively assigned to them therein.

Appointment and Removal of Director, KMP and

Senior Management Personnel

1.

Appointment criteria and qualifications

a)

Subject to the applicable provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013, the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, other applicable

laws, if any, and the Company’s Policy, the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee shall identify and

ascertain the integrity, qualification, expertise and

experience of the person for appointment as Director,

KMP or at Senior Management level and recommend

to the Board his/her appointment and to recommend

to the Board, plans and process for succession for

appointments to the Board and senior management.

b)

The Committee has discretion to decide the adequacy

of qualification, expertise and experience for the

concerned position.

c)

The Company shall not appoint or continue the

employment of any person as Managing Director/

Whole-time Director /Manager who has attained

the age of seventy years, provided that the term of

the person holding this position may be extended

beyond the age of seventy years with the approval of

shareholders by passing a special resolution.

d)

The Company shall not appoint or continue the

directorship of any person as Non Executive Director

who has attained the age of 75 years, unless a special

resolution is passed to that effect, in which case the

explanatory statement annexed to the Notice for such

motion shall indicate the justification for appointing

such person.

2.

Term/Tenure

a)

Managing Director/Whole-time Director:

The Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person as

its Executive

Managing Director/Whole-time

Directors:

a)

The Remuneration/ Commission etc. to be paid to: Managing

Managing Director of

the Company

There was no Extra-ordinary General meeting conducted

during the year.

Postal Ballot

Particular of Postal Ballot Passed during the year:

S.

No.

Year

Date

Day

Special Resolutions

1.

2020-21

June 14, 2020

Sunday • To consider and approve the

change in name of the Company

• Alteration in the Memorandum

of Association of the Company

• Alteration in the Articles of

Association of the Company

Note: The postal ballot was carried out as per the

provisions of Sections 108 and 110 and other applicable

provisions of the Act, read with the Rules framed thereunder

and read with the Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020,

Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13,2020 and Circular No.

33/2020 dated September 28, 2020, issued by the Ministry

of Corporate Affairs and the results were duly intimated to

the Stock Exchanges in prescribe time lines and uploaded

on the website of the Company.

Means of Communication

a.

The quarterly/half yearly/annual results are published

in the leading English and Hindi Newspapers (the

details of the publications are given hereunder) and

also displayed on the web site of the Company –

www.coforgetech.com where official news releases,

financial results, consolidated financial highlights,

quarterly shareholding pattern and presentations

made to institutional investors or to the analysts are

also displayed.

b.

The Company had Quarterly/Annual Earnings Calls

on May 05, 2020, July 28, 2020, October 22, 2020,

January 28, 2021 and Press Conferences in the

months of May 2020, July 2020, October 2020 and

January 2021 for the investors of the Company

immediately after the declaration of Quarterly/Annual

results. Transcripts/ presentations of the quarterly/

annual earnings calls/investors meet are displayed

on the Company’s aforementioned website, in the

‘Investors’ section.

c.

The Management Perspective, Business Review and

Financial Highlights are part of the Annual Report.

d.

All material information about the Company is promptly

uploaded on the website of the Stock Exchanges

and also sent through e-mail to the stock exchanges

where the shares of the Company are listed.

During the financial year 2020-21 the Company published

its financial results in the following newspapers:

Financial Results

Newspapers

Date of

publication

Audited financial results for the

quarter ended March 31, 2020

Business Standard - English

Business Standard- Hindi

May 07,

2020

Unaudited financial results for the

quarter ended June 30, 2020

Business Standard- English

Business Standard- Hindi

July 29,

2020

Unaudited financial results for the

quarter ended September 30, 2020

Business Standard- English

Business Standard- Hindi

October 23,

2020

Unaudited financial results for the

quarter ended December 31, 2020

Business Standard- English

Business Standard- Hindi

January 29,

2021

GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INFORMATION

a.

Annual General Meeting

Date:

July 30, 2021

Time:

09:00 A.M.:

