Dear Member,

We are pleased to invite you to attend the 28th Annual General Meeting of the Members of Dixon Technologies (India) Limited to be held on

28th September, 2021, Tuesday at 11.00 A.M. through Video Conferencing/Other Audio-Visual Means (“VC/OAVM”) facility.

The Notice of the 28th Annual General Meeting along with the instructions for casting of vote by electronic means and the instructions for

attending the Annual General Meeting by VC /OAVM facility has been provided herein.

Please find below key details / information regarding 28th Annual General Meeting for your ready reference and ease of participation.

Sl.

No

Particulars

Details

1.

Link for participation through VC/OAVM

https://emeetings.kfintech.com/

2.

Link for remote e-voting

https://evoting.kfintech.com/

3.

Helpline number for VC/OAVM participation and e-voting

Contact KFin Technologies Private Limited at 18003094001 or write

to them at einward.ris@kfintech.com

4.

Weblink for temporary registration to receive AGM Notice &

Credentials for e-voting/AGM

https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/mobilereg/mobileemailreg.

aspx

5.

Cut-off date for e-voting and Dividend

21st September, 2021 (Tuesday)

6.

Time period for remote e-voting

From 09:00 A.M. on 25th September, 2021 (Saturday) to 05.00 P.M. on

27th September, 2021 (Monday) [both days inclusive]

7.

Registrar and Share Transfer Agent contact details

Mr. B Srinivas, Manager [Unit: Dixon Technologies (India) Limited]

KFin Technologies Private Limited

E-mail: einward.ris@kfintech.com; evoting@kfintech.com

Contact No.: 040 - 6716 2222

We anticipate your presence in the Annual General Meeting. Kindly make it convenient to attend the same.

Very truly yours,

Sd/-

Ashish Kumar

Group CS, Head-Legal & HR

Notice

1:

Managing Director of the Company for a period of five

(5) consecutive years with effect from 5th May, 2022 upto

4th May, 2027, as per the terms and conditions including

remuneration which may exceed 5% of the net profits of the

Company, computed in accordance with Section 198 of the Act

as amended or applicable from time to time, and as detailed in

the explanatory statement attached hereto, with further liberty

to the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred

to as “the Board” which term shall be deemed to include

any Committee constituted / to be constituted by the Board)

to alter the said terms and conditions of re-appointment

and remuneration from time to time in accordance with the

approval of the members of the Company.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to section 152 of the Act

read with applicable rules thereon, the office of Mr. Atul B. Lall

shall be liable to retire by rotation.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of the Company (which

term shall be deemed to include any Committee constituted /

to be constituted by the Board) be and are hereby authorized to

Notice

3:

Managing Director, in excess of limits specified

under proviso 1 & 2 of Section 197(1) of the Act payable

w.e.f. Financial Year 2021-2022 including subsequent term for

which he may be appointed from time to time by the members.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of the Company (which

term shall be deemed to include any Committee constituted /

to be constituted by the Board) be and are hereby authorized to

do all such acts, things and deeds required in this regard and

matters incidental thereto on behalf of the Company.”

Item No. 8.

Ratification of Remuneration to be paid to M/s.

Satija & Co., Cost Accountants, Cost Auditors of the Company

Rational: Refer the explanation given under Item no. 8 on page

no. 17

Members are requested to consider and if thought fit, to pass

the following resolutions, with or without modification(s), as

Ordinary Resolutions:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148

and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies

Act, 2013 and the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,

2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment

thereof for the time being in force), ratification accorded by the

members at the 27th Annual General Meeting of the Company

held on 29th September, 2020, the remuneration payable to

M/s. Satija & Co., Cost Accountants, Cost Auditors of H 3.75

Lakhs per annum plus applicable taxes and reimbursement

of out of pocket expenses, to conduct the audit of cost records

of the Company for the financial year ending 31st March, 2021

and 31st March, 2022, as approved by the Board of Directors,

be and is hereby ratified.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of the Company (which

term shall be deemed to include any Committee constituted /

to be constituted by the Board) be and are hereby authorized to

do all such acts, things and deeds required in this regard and

matters incidental thereto on behalf of the Company.”

Item No. 9.

To approve raising of funds in one or more

tranches, by issuance of securities by way of private offerings,

qualified institutions placement(s) and/or any combination

thereof or any other method as may be permitted under

applicable law for an amount not exceeding J 500 Crores

Rational: Refer the explanation given under item no. 9 on page

no. 17

Members are requested to consider and if thought fit, to pass

the following resolutions, with or without modification(s), as

Special Resolutions:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 23, 41, 42, 62, 71, and

other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the

applicable rules made thereunder (including the Companies

(Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 and the

Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014), each

including any amendment(s), statutory modification(s), or re-

enactment(s) thereof (“Companies Act”) and in accordance

with the provisions of the memorandum of association and

articles of association of Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

(the “Company”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2018, as amended (“SEBI ICDR Regulations”), the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and the Foreign Exchange

Management Act, 1999 and the regulations made thereunder,

including the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt

Instruments) Rules, 2019, as amended, the Consolidated

FDI Policy issued by the Department of Industrial Policy and

Promotion, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government

of India from time to time, the Issue of Foreign Currency

Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (Through Depository

Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993, the Depository Receipts

Scheme, 2014 each as amended; the listing agreements

entered into by the Company with the stock exchanges where

the equity shares of face value of H 2/- of the Company are

listed (“Stock Exchanges”), and such equity shares, (the

“Equity Shares”); and any other provisions of applicable law

(including all other applicable statutes, clarifications, rules,

regulations, circulars, notifications, and guidelines issued by

the Government of India (“GoI”), Ministry of Corporate Affairs

(“MCA”), Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”), Securities and Exchange

Board of India (“SEBI”), Stock Exchanges, and such other

statutory / regulatory authorities), and subject to all approvals,

permissions, consents, and / or sanctions as may be necessary

or required from SEBI, the Stock Exchanges, RBI, MCA, GoI,

or any other concerned statutory / regulatory authority, and

subject to such terms, conditions, or modifications as may

be prescribed or imposed while granting such approvals,

permissions, consents, and / or sanctions by any of the

aforesaid authorities, which will be considered by the board

of directors of the Company (“Board”, which term shall include

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

4:

letter / circular / placement document, as

permitted under applicable laws and regulations, at such price

(including at a discount or premium to market price or prices

permitted under applicable law), in such manner, and on such

terms and conditions as may be deemed appropriate by the

Board in its absolute discretion, including the discretion to

determine to whom the offer, issue and allotment of Securities

shall be made to the exclusion of others (including allotment to

stabilizing agent in terms of green shoe option, if any, exercised

by the Company); making of calls and manner of appropriation

of application money or call money, in respect of different

class(es) of investors and / or in respect of different securities;

face value; number of securities / Equity Shares to be issued

and allotted on conversion / redemption / extinguishment of

debt(s); rights attached to the warrants; period of conversion;

fixing of record date; and / or book closure dates subject to the

applicable laws considering the prevailing market conditions

and / or other relevant factors, and wherever necessary, in

consultation with the book running lead managers and / or

other advisors appointed.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the relevant date for the purpose of

pricing the Securities shall be date of the meeting in which the

Board decides to open the issue of the Securities, subsequent

to receipt of approval from the members of the Company, in

terms of applicable law; in the event that convertible securities

(as defined under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) are issued to

QIBs by way of a QIP, the relevant date for pricing of such

Securities shall be either the date of the meeting in which the

Board decides to open the issue of such convertible securities

or the date on which the holders of such convertible securities

become entitled to apply for the Equity Shares, as determined

by the Board.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of an issue and allotment

of Securities by way of a QIP in terms of the SEBI ICDR

Regulations:

i.

the allotment of the Securities shall be completed within

365 days from the date of passing of the special resolution

by the members of the Company;

ii.

the Equity Shares to be offered, issued, and allotted

shall be subject to the provisions of the memorandum

of association and articles of association of the Company

and shall rank pari passu in all respects with the existing

Equity Shares;

iii. no partly paid-up Equity Shares or other Securities shall

be issued / allotted;

iv.

the issuance of the Securities by way of the QIP shall

be made at such price that is not less than the price

determined in accordance with the pricing formula

provided under Regulation 176(1) of the SEBI ICDR

Regulations (“QIP Floor Price”), and the price determined

for the QIP shall be subject to appropriate adjustments as

per the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, as may be

applicable. However, the Board, at its absolute discretion,

may offer a discount of not more than 5% or such other

percentage as may be permitted under applicable law on

the QIP Floor Price;

v.

no single allottee shall be allotted more than 50% of the

issue size and the minimum number of allottees shall be

in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations; and

vi. the Company shall not undertake any subsequent QIP

until the expiry of two weeks from the date of the QIP to

be undertaken pursuant to this special resolution.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, without prejudice to the generality

of the above, the Securities may have such features and

attributes or any terms or combination of terms in accordance

with domestic and international practices to provide for the

tradability and free transferability thereof as per prevailing

practices and regulations in the capital markets and the Board

be and is hereby authorised, in its absolute discretion, in such

manner as it may deem fit, to dispose of such of the Securities

that are not subscribed to.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT without prejudice to the generality

of the above, the Board be and is hereby authorised to do such

acts, deeds, and things, in its absolute discretion, as it deems

necessary or desirable in connection with offering, issuing, and

allotting the Securities, and to give effect to these resolutions,

including, without limitation, the following:

Notice

5:

letter,: letter of offer, and / or other letter

or circular), and to approve and finalise any bid cum

application form, abridged letter of offer, notices, including

any advertisements and other documents or any term

sheets or any other ancillary documents in this regard;

d)

decide the form, terms and timing of the issue(s) /

offering(s), Securities to be issued and allotted, class of

investors to whom Securities are to be offered, issued

and allotted, number of Equity Shares to be issued and

allotted in each tranche;

e)

issue and allot such number of Equity Shares, as may be

required to be issued and allotted, upon conversion of any

Securities, or as may be necessary in accordance with the

terms of the issuance all such Equity Shares ranking pari

passu with the existing Equity Shares in all respects;

f)

approve, finalise, execute, and amend agreements and

documents, including, any number of powers of attorney,

lock-up letters, agreements in connection with the creation

of any security, and agreements in connection with the

appointment of any intermediaries and / or advisors,

(including for underwriting, marketing, listing, trading,

appointment of lead manager(s) / merchant banker(s),

legal counsel, depository(ies), banker(s), advisor(s),

registrar(s), trustee(s), and other intermediaries as

required), and to pay any fees, commission, costs, charges

and other expenses in connection therewith;

g)

provide such declarations, affidavits, certificates, consents

and / or authorities as required from time to time;

h)

seek any consents and approvals, including, among

others, the consent from the Company’s lenders,

customers, vendors, parties with whom the Company has

entered into agreements, and from concerned statutory

and regulatory authorities;

i)

file requisite documents with the SEBI, Stock Exchanges,

the GoI, the RBI, and any other statutory and / or regulatory

authorities, and any amendments, supplements or

additional documents in relation thereto, as may be

required;

j)

seeking the listing of the Securities on any stock

exchange(s), submitting the listing application to such

stock exchange(s) and taking all actions that may be

necessary in connection with obtaining such listing

approvals (both in-principle and final listing and trading

approvals);

k)

open one or more bank accounts in the name of the

Company, as may be required, subject to requisite

approvals, if any, and to give such instructions including

closure thereof as may be required and deemed

appropriate by the Board;

l)

approving the issue price and finalize allocation and the

basis of allotment of the Securities on the basis of the bids

/ applications and oversubscription thereof as received,

where applicable;

m) acceptance and appropriation of the proceeds of the issue

of the Securities;

n)

affix the common seal of the Company, as required, on

any agreement, undertaking, deed or other document,

in the presence of any one or more of the directors of

the Company or any one or more of the officers of the

Company in accordance with the provisions of Companies

Act, 2013 read with memorandum of association and

articles of association of the Company;

o)

further authorise and empower any committee and / or

director(s) and / or officer(s) of the Company, to execute

and deliver, for and on behalf of the Company, any and

all other documents or instruments and doing or causing

to be done any and all acts or things as the committee /

director(s) / officer(s) may deem necessary, appropriate

or advisable in order to carry out the purposes and intent

of the foregoing, or in connection with the issuance

of Securities, and any documents or instruments so

executed and delivered or acts and things done or caused

to be done by the committee / director(s) / officer(s) shall

be conclusive evidence of the authority of the committee /

director(s) / officer(s) and the Company in doing so; and

p)

do all such incidental and ancillary acts and things as

may be deemed necessary, and to give such directions

that may be necessary or settle any issues, questions,

difficulties or doubts that may arise in regard to or in

connection with any matter(s) referred to or contemplated

in any of the foregoing resolutions and the members of the

Company shall be deemed to have given their approval

thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution

and all actions taken by the Board in connection with

any matter(s) referred to or contemplated in any of the

foregoing resolutions are hereby approved, ratified and

confirmed in all respects.”

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

6

letter providing the email address, mobile number,

self-attested PAN copy and copy of share certificate

for registering their email address and receiving

the Annual report, AGM Notice and the e-voting

instructions.

ii.

Those members who have not registered their email

addresses with the Company / Depository Participants,

as the case may be, are requested to visit the website

of Kfin Technologies Private Limited https://ris.kfintech.

com/clientservices/mobilereg/mobileemailreg.aspx for

temporary registration of email id of shareholders for

28th e-AGM and follow the process as mentioned on the

landing page to receive the Annual Report, AGM Notice

and Voting Instructions.

iii. Those members who have registered their e-mail

address, mobile nos., postal address and bank account

details are requested to validate/update their registered

details by contacting the Depository Participant in case

of shares held in electronic form or by contacting KFin

Technologies Private Limited, the Registrar and Share

Transfer Agent of the Company, in case the shares held in

physical form.

20 PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING

i.

In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the

Act, read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management

and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from time

to time, Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations

and in terms of SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/

CMD/ CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 in

relation to e-Voting Facility Provided by Listed Entities, the

Members are provided with the facility to cast their vote

electronically, through the e-Voting services provided by

KFin Technologies Private Limited , on all the resolutions

set forth in this Notice. The instructions for e-Voting are

given herein below.

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

8:

Letter etc.,

authorizing its representative to attend the AGM

through VC / OAVM on its behalf and to cast its vote

through remote e-voting together with attested

specimen signature(s) of the duly authorised

representative(s), to the Scrutinizer at email id

scrutinizer.sba@gmail.com with a copy marked

to evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of

the above-mentioned documents should be in

the naming format “Corporate Name_Even No.”

(B) Members whose email IDs are not registered

with the Company/Depository Participants(s), and

consequently the Annual Report, Notice of AGM and

e-voting instructions cannot be serviced, will have to

follow the following process:

i.

Members who have not registered their email

address and in consequence the Annual

Report, Notice of AGM and e-voting instructions

cannot be serviced, may temporarily get their

email address and mobile number provided

with KFintech, by accessing the link: https://

ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/mobilereg/

mobileemailreg.aspx. Members are requested to

follow the process as guided to capture the email

address and mobile number for sending the

soft copy of the notice and e-voting instructions

along with the User ID and Password. In case of

any queries, member may write to einward.ris@

kfintech.com.

ii

Alternatively, member may send an e-mail

request at the email id einward.ris@kfintech.

com along with scanned copy of the signed copy

of the request: letter providing the email address,

mobile number, self-attested PAN copy and

Client Master copy in case of electronic folio and

copy of share certificate in case of physical folio

for sending the Annual report, Notice of AGM and

the e-voting instructions.

iii. After receiving the e-voting instructions, please

follow all steps above to cast your vote by

electronic means.

Details on Step 3 are mentioned below:

III) Instructions for all the shareholders, including

Individual, other than Individual and Physical, for

attending the AGM of the Company through VC/OAVM

and e-Voting during the meeting.

i.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend

the AGM through VC / OAVM platform provided by

KFintech. Members may access the same at https://

emeetings.kfintech.com/ by using the e-voting login

credentials provided in the email received from the

Notice

11

Managing Director. In his able leadership, your Company has

been one of the leading Companies of India in the EMS industry.

The present term of Mr. Lall is expiring on 4th May, 2022 and being

eligible under Section 196, 197 read with Schedule V, it would be

appropriate to re-appoint Mr. Lall for a period of 5 consecutive

years w.e.f. 5th May, 2022. Therefore, the Board of Directors of

the Company, based on the recommendation of Nomination and

Remuneration committee of the Board, has recommended to re-

appoint Mr. Atul B. Lall as: Managing

Managing Director of

the Company. The perquisite value of the stock options as may be

exercised by the: Managing

Managing Director and

shareholder of the Company.

III. Other information:

(1) Loss or inadequate profits, and reasons thereof: Not

Applicable.

(2) Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement: Not

Applicable.

(3) Expected increase in productivity and profits in

measurable terms: Not Applicable

Except Mr. Atul B. Lall, no Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or

their relatives are interested or concerned in the resolution relating

to appointment of Mr. Atul B. Lall.

The Board of Directors of your Company recommends that the

Resolution under Item No. 7 be passed in the interest of your Company.

Item No. 8

At the 27th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 29th

September, 2020, the members had ratified the remuneration

payable to M/s. A. N. Satija & Co, Cost Auditors of the Company for

conduction of cost audit for the Financial year 2020-21. The said

remuneration was fixed at H 3.75 Lakhs per annum plus applicable

taxes and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses. However, due

to sudden demise of Mr. A. N. Satija, proprietor of M/s. A. N. Satija &

Co, the Board at its meeting held on 27th May, 2021, pursuant to

recommendation of audit committee, had approved appointment of

M/s Satija & Co., Cost Accountants to conduct audit of cost records

of the Company for FY 2020-21 and FY 2021-22. The proprietor of

M/s Satija & Co., Cost Accountants is Ms. Deepika Satija, who is cost

accountant and daughter of late Mr. A. N. Satija.

Also, remuneration of M/s. Satija & Co., Cost Accountants (Firm

Registration No. 004907), to conduct the audit of the cost records

of the Company for the Financial Year ending 31st March, 2021 and

31st March, 2022, be fixed at H 3.75 Lakhs per annum plus applicable

taxes and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses. In terms of the

provisions of Section 148(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with

Rule 14(a)(ii) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the

remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor is required to be ratified by

the Members of the Company. Accordingly, consent of the Members

is sought to ratify the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel(s) of the

Company or their relatives are in any way, concerned or interested

either financially or otherwise, in the said resolution.

The Board of Directors of your Company recommends that the

Resolution under Item No. 8 be passed in the interest of your Company.

Item No. 9

The Company anticipates growth opportunities in its existing

operations and continues to evaluate various avenues for organic

expansion and achieving inorganic growth. Towards this, the

Company continues to require capital for achieving such growth

and expansion. Accordingly, subject to compliance with applicable

law, the Company proposes to raise capital for the purposes of

funding the long term growth of its existing businesses; making

strategic acquisitions; financing other long term capital, working

capital, and general corporate requirements; pre-payment and /

or repayment of loans; and / or any other purposes, as may be

permissible under applicable law and approved by the board of

directors of the Company.

In line with the above, the Company proposes to raise funds

through the issuance of any instrument or security, including

equity shares, fully / partly convertible debentures, non-

convertible debentures, foreign currency convertible bonds,

warrants (collectively, the “Securities”), or any combination of

Securities, for an aggregate consideration of up to H 500,00,00,000

only (Rupees Five hundred crores only) to all or any such investors,

jointly and / or severally, that may be permitted to invest in such

issuance of Securities, including resident or non—resident / foreign

investors (whether institutions and / or incorporated bodies and /

or trusts or otherwise) / foreign portfolio investors / mutual funds /

pension funds / venture capital funds / banks / alternate investment

funds / Indian and / or multilateral financial institutions / insurance

companies / any other qualified institutional buyers as defined under

the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“SEBI

ICDR Regulations, and the qualified institutional buyers, the “QIBs”)

/ any other category of persons or entities who are authorised to

invest in the Securities in terms of applicable law, as may be deemed

appropriate by the Board in its absolute discretion and whether or

not such investors are members of the Company, for cash, in one or

more tranches, with or without a green shoe option, through a public

issue, preferential allotment, or a private placement (including one or

more qualified institutions placements (“QIP”) in accordance with the

applicable provisions of the Companies Act (as defined hereinafter)

and the SEBI ICDR Regulations), or through any other permissible

mode and / or combination thereof as may be considered appropriate,

in terms of Sections 23, 41, 42, 62, 71, and other applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the applicable rules made

thereunder (including the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment

of Securities) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Share Capital and

Debentures) Rules, 2014), each including any amendment(s),

statutory modification(s), or re-enactment(s) thereof (“Companies

Act”) and in accordance with the provisions of the memorandum

of association and articles of association of the Company, the SEBI

ICDR Regulations, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and the

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the regulations made

thereunder, including the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-

debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, as amended, the Consolidated FDI

Policy issued by the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion,

Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government of India from time to

time, the Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary

Shares (Through Depository Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993,

the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014 each as amended; the listing

agreements entered into by the Company with the stock exchanges

Notice

17:

Managing Director of

the Company, he is responsible

for Company’s overall business

operations. With nearly three

decades of experience in the

EMS industry, he has served

as a member of the Technical

Evaluation

Committee

for

Electronic

Manufacturing

Services

under

M-SIPS

(Electronic

Manufacturing

Services-

EMS)

constituted

by the DeitY and served as a

representative of ELCINA on

the Committee for Reliability

of

Electronic

and

Electrical

Components

and

Equipment

(LITD. 02) of the BIS. He has also

authored the book, ‘Gita and

India Inc.’

Dr. Rakesh Mohan is President

and Distinguished Fellow of the

Centre for Social and Economic

Progress (CSEP), New Delhi,

India, formerly Brookings India.

He was most recently Senior

Fellow in the Jackson Institute

for Global Affairs, Yale University

and was earlier Professor in

the Practice of International

Economics and Finance at the

School of Management at Yale

University, 2010-12. He has

also served as Distinguished

Consulting Professor at Stanford

University in 2009. He was

closely associated with the Indian

economic

reforms

process

from the late 1980s onwards.

He was Executive Director on

the Board of the International

Monetary Fund, Deputy Governor

of the Reserve Bank of India,

Secretary, Economic Affairs, and

Chief Economic Adviser of the

Indian Ministry of Finance, and

Economic Adviser in the Ministry

of Industry. He was also Chairman

of Government committees that

produced

influential

reports

on infrastructure: The India

Infrastructure

Report

(1996),

The Indian Railways Report

(2001) and The India Transport

Report (2014). He has authored

three books on urban economics

and urban development; and

two on monetary policy. His

most recent book (edited) is

‘India Transformed: 25 Years of

Economic Reforms’.

Notice

19:

Dear Shareholders,

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

24:

Managing Director

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

27:

Dear Shareholders,

Through the year, we have

strived to keep the health

and safety of Dixonites at the

forefront, as we grapple with

the pandemic. We continue

to invest in our policies and

protocols to operate in the

safest manner possible.

Despite the challenging

situation, the company

emerged nimble and more

adaptive during the pandemic

period and has displayed

the resilience of its business

model. Despite losing a major

part of the first quarter to

the lockdown, the company

showed robust growth to

report record revenues &

profits through the subsequent

quarters of the year.

During this year, how was

the overall company’s

performance?

It has been an unpredictable

year starting with severe

impact of pandemic and

lockdown followed by strong

demand uptick in second half.

The Company’s robust

financial and operating

performance despite

COVID-19 induced restrictions

and economic challenges

is reflective of its inherent

strengths and sound strategy.

How strong is your

Balance Sheet & Capital

Allocation strategy?

Dixon has always maintained

a conservative financial profile

with an optimum capital

structure and investment-

grade credit ratings. The

company continues to have a

strong balance sheet & have

enough credit lines from

banks to weather any future

uncertainty and invest in the

long-term development of

our business. We take pride in

being a company which has

been successful in financing

significant investments

through internal accruals thus

retaining debt-free status on a

net basis as on 31st March, 21.

Capital allocation in our case

will always be prudent and

frugal & with huge focus

on cash conversion cycle &

working capital management.

Working Capital Days stood

at zero days & our cash and

cash equivalents balances

stood at H 164 crs as at March

31, 2021. Dixon’s businesses

performed well across the

board and generated strong

cash inflows notwithstanding

the challenging macro

environment. High liquidity

and robust balance sheet will

support next phase of growth

across businesses.

Since we do not have any

significant debt obligations,

the available cash will be

used to meet the capex

requirements to expand the

capacities across existing

verticals & expanding into new

verticals linked to our core of

electronics. We are focussed

on gaining leverage benefits

and sweating our assets

I would like to acknowledge

all the great work done by

Dixonites amidst challenges

across professional and

personal fronts. They

continue to perform at a

high level while adopting a

nimble approach to seize all

opportunities regardless of

business environment. As a

result, we were able record a

better FY 2020-21, surpassing

last year where the revenue

grew by 47% to H 6,448 crs

from H 4,400 crs in FY 2019-

20. The company reported an

EBITDA of H 288 crs FY 2020-

21 compared with H 228 crs in

FY 2019-20, a growth of 26%.

A rapid and large increase in

commodity costs impacted

the operating margins in the

ODM business. We were able

to address margin pressure

partly through combination

of calibrated pricing action,

inventory planning & value

engineering. Our frugal cost

structures and large scale also

gave us a competitive edge in

this challenging situation.

which led to higher fixed asset

turnover ratio over the past

five years. The surplus cash

will also be returned to the

shareholders, while we do not

have dividend pay-out targets,

the trend has been in upward

trajectory

Dixon’s credit rating got

upgraded to ‘ICRA AA-’ for long

term debt & rating of ‘ICRA

A1+’ for short term debts

for commercial papers was

retained which are indicators

of a strong credit profile in the

market, which also helped the

company to mobilise funds for

growth at very attractive costs

& are definite positives for the

Company’s long-term growth

trajectory.

Did the company maintain

the expected return to the

shareholders?

Our basic approach to capital

policy emphasizes on return

on invested capital and

financial stability & have

successfully delivered a

strong ROCE & ROE of 31.4%

& 25.0% respectively & will

be sustained in coming

quarters & years. We will

continue to focus on 3 drivers

of Future cash flow- Earnings

expansion, Working capital

efficiencies & disciplined

investment.

We have consistently stood by

our commitment to enhance

shareholders’ value & our

Earnings Per-Share increased

from 20.5 in FY 2019-20 to

26.9 in FY 2020-21.

Growth of Dixon is a testimony

to company’s approach for

sustainable value creation.

This involved establishing

leadership position in chosen

areas of businesses, and

creating strong consumer

value proposition.

The company’s robust

operating model, governance

structure, effective risk

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

28:

Dear Shareholders,

As a people-centric

organisation, we continue

to prioritise the health and

well-being of our employees

and workers, especially during

a particularly challenging

time. During the year under

review, we strived to improve

employee experience by

providing adequate support

throughout their professional

journey at Dixon. Right from

hiring to integration and skill

development, we continue

to nurture the growth of our

people by offering a conducive

working environment.

The Covid-19 crisis has

completely disrupted our way

of working and it is anticipated

to have a lasting impact on

our approach to Human

Resource management.

However, we have swiftly

adopted measures to support

remote working and keep our

employees motivated and

engaged, despite their physical

absence from office.

During these challenging

times, we firmly stood by

our people. We not only

provided access to virtual

consultations for discussing

issues affecting employees

during the pandemic, we also

offered an amount equal to

an employee’s yearly CTC to

families of employees who

lost their lives to Covid-19. We

also extended an opportunity

for the family members of

a deceased employee to

work with us. An emergency

team was also formed to

deliver oxygen concentrators

to our employees and their

immediate family members.

In addition, we have provided

two life support ambulance

to Noida Authority. We also

facilitated vaccination drives,

in small batches, across the

organisation.

During the year under review,

we initiated HR automation

with the introduction of

Darwin Box. It is a user

interface used by the Human

Resource Department (HRD)

and the employees. It hosts

employee masters, Company

policies, marks attendance,

grants leaves, undertakes

performance appraisals and

assists payroll management

and internal trainings.

Further, to promote

employee welfare, Mediclaim

policies were procured

for all employees. We also

undertook a structured salary

disbursement procedure for

contract labours through

escrow mechanism, created

an exclusive helpdesk for

contract labours, conducted

training & development

programs (online and offline)

for employees. Besides,

the yearly celebrations for

Dixon Foundation Day, we

continue with the employee

engagement activities inspite

of pandemic.

To ensure excellence in

corporate governance,

we continued to maintain

transparency and fairness

across all transactions

and organisational

activities, ensuring

complete accountability

to standard procedures.

We also reassessed and

recalibrated internal systems

and processes to achieve

benchmarked standards

of good governance. The

management team, alongside

the board of directors,

undertook the responsibility

to take timely action for

analysing and mitigating any

imminent challenges to the

organisation while pursuing

strategic efforts to create and

deliver exceptional value to all

stakeholders.

Looking ahead, we remain

optimistic about safeguarding

the health and well-being

of our employees and strive

to implement advance

technologies to digitize

our processes and lay the

foundations for a future-ready

organisation that is prepared

to adapt to a rapidly changing

business environment.

Stay home, stay safe!

Regards,

Ashish Kumar

Group C.S.,

Head of Legal & H.R.

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

30:

Managing Director

Mr. Manoj Maheshwari

Non-Executive &

Independent Director

Ms. Poornima Shenoy

Non-Executive &

Independent Director

Dr. Manuji Zarabi

Non-Executive &

Independent Director

Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo

Non-Executive &

Independent Director

Dr. Rakesh Mohan

Non Executive &

Independent Director

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

42:

Managing Director

Mr. Abhijit Kotnis

President – COO - Consumer

electronics & Reverse Logistics

Mr. Vineet Kumar Mishra

President – COO - Lighting

Mr. Rajeev Lonial

President – COO - Home Appliance

Mr. Pankaj Sharma

President – COO - Mobile Phone &

Security Surveilliance Systems

Mr. Ashish Kumar (KMP)

Group CS, Head-Legal & HR

Mr. Saurabh Gupta (KMP)

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Kailash Chander Sharma

Vice President, Stores

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

43:

Managing Director

Dr. Manuji Zarabi

Independent Director

Mr. Manoj Maheshwari

Independent Director

Ms. Poornima Shenoy

Independent Director

Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo

Independent Director

Dr. Rakesh Mohan

Independent Director

Key Managerial Personnel

Mr. Sunil Vachani

Executive Chairman

Mr. Atul B. Lall

Vice Chairman &: Managing

Dear Member(s),

Your Directors take immense pleasure in presenting the 28th Annual Report on the business and operations of your Company along with

the Audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31st March, 2021. The consolidated performance of the

Company, its Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures have been referred to wherever required.

Financial Summary / Performance of the Company (Standalone & Consolidated)

The Company’s financial results are as under:

Overview and State of Company’s Affairs

The Covid-19 pandemic brought economic activity to a near

standstill. Due to strict restrictions imposed during the lockdown,

barring few essential services, economic activity across the

country remained suspended. However, economic activity

gradually resumed after easing of restrictions and Q3 witnessed

significant recovery due to pent up demand. To revive economic

growth, a series of supportive policy actions were introduced by

the central bank and the government to stimulate demand and aid

economic recovery.

Despite challenges in the domestic market due to COVID - 19 the

performance of your Company recorded the highest ever revenue

and profitability. Your Company continued to emphasize on scaling

up operations and increase its portfolio of customers across all

segments. Although the COVID-19 outbreak posed major hurdles in

the production and supply chain, your Company’s operations were

not affected significantly.

Your Company has been constantly working towards accomplishing

its vision of being the most preferred and trusted manufacturing

& solution partner to brands operating across verticals. During

the year under review, your Company acquired new customers

and increased the scope of work. Approval for the government’s

PLI scheme also emerged as an excellent opportunity to further

expand your Company’s capabilities. Moreover, your Company

has secured manufacturing rights from leading global brands for

producing their products. Also, your Company is excited about its

prospects in sectors such as telecom, ICT hardware, wearable and

LED lights.

During the year, your Company successfully entered the set-top

boxes and medical equipment market. Your Company’s Joint

Venture Company also signed a MoU to manufacture a highly

sensitive RT-PCR device for COVID-19 tests. The team adapted to

the specific requirements for handing medical grade components

within a short period and received ISO 13485 certification in record

time. We are also planning to enter segments like Information &

Communications Technology (ICT) hardware, telecom, in-house

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

45:

Managing Director, Mr.

Saurabh Gupta, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Ashish Kumar,

Group CS, Head- Legal & HR of the Company are the KMPs of your

Company.

Directors Liable to Retire by Rotation

In accordance with the provisions of the Act, not less than 2/3rd

(Two-third) of the total number of Directors (other than Independent

Directors) shall be liable to retire by rotation. Accordingly, pursuant

to the Act read with Articles of Association of your Company, Mr.

Sunil Vachani (DIN: 00025431) is liable to retire by rotation and,

being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.

Declaration of Independent Directors of the Company

As on date of this report, the Board comprises of 7 (seven)

Directors. The composition includes 5 (five) Independent Directors.

All the Independent Directors are appointed on the Board of your

Company in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Act

and SEBI Listing Regulations.

Your Company has received declarations from all the Independent

Directors confirming that they meet/continue to meet, as the case

may be, the criteria of Independence under sub-section (6) of

section 149 of the Act and Regulation 16(1) (b) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations.

Also, the Independent Directors have complied with the Code for

Independent Directors prescribed in Schedule IV of the Act and have

confirmed that they are in compliance with the Code of Conduct for

Directors and Senior Management personnel formulated by the Company.

Familiarization Programme for the Independent Directors

In compliance with the requirements of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, your Company has put in place a familiarization

programme for the Independent Directors to familiarize them with

their roles, rights and responsibility as Directors, working of the

Company, nature of the industry in which the Company operates,

business model etc. The details of the familiarization programme

are explained in the Corporate Governance Report. The same is also

available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at

web link https://dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/codes-policy/Code%20

for%20Independent%20Director%20and%20familiarization%20

programme_Final%20-%2031.05.2021.pdf.

Board and Director’s Evaluation

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing

Regulations, Annual evaluation of the Board, its Committees and

individual directors has been carried out on the basis of Guidance

Note on Board Evaluation issued by Securities and Exchange Board

of India (“SEBI”).

To facilitate the evaluation process, Board and its Committee’s self-

evaluation questionnaires were circulated to the Board members

and respective Committee members and an online link was

also provided to the Board members and respective Committee

members wherein an option was provided to the Board and

committee members to fill in the said questionnaires online.

Basis the results of the aforesaid questionnaire and feedback

received from the Directors and respective Committee members,

the performance evaluation of the Independent Directors were

carried out by the entire Board excluding the Director being

evaluated. The performance evaluation of the Executive Chairman

and: Managing

Managing Director to the median of employees remuneration as

per section 197(12) of the Act, read with Rule 5 (1) of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules,

2014 forms part of this report provided in Annexure VII.

Additionally, the following details form part of the Annexure-VII to

this Report:

a)

Ratio of Remuneration to Non- Executive / Independent

Directors (refer table 2)

b)

Percentage increase in the remuneration of the CFO and

Company Secretary (refer table 3)

c)

Details of remuneration to Non-Executive /Independent

Directors (refer table 4)

d)

Statement containing the names of top 10 employees in terms

of remuneration drawn (refer table 5)

e)

Details of employees employed throughout the Financial Year

and in receipt of remuneration of not less than H 1.02 Crore or

more per annum (refer table 6 )

f)

Details of employees employed for part of the Financial Year

and in receipt of remuneration of not less than H 8.5 Lakhs per

month (refer table 7)

g)

Details of employees employed throughout the financial year or

part thereof and was in receipt of remuneration, in aggregate

or as the case may be, at a rate which, in the aggregate, is

in excess of that is drawn by the: Managing

Managing Director)

DIN:00781436

Date: 27th May, 2021

Place: Noida

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

57:

Managing Director)

and other relevant factors in this regard.

2.2 Operating cash flow of the Company:

In case of inadequacy in operating cash flow, the Company

may need to rely on external funding to meet its financial

obligations and other working capital needs. The Board will

consider the same before its deciding on whether to declare

dividend or retain its profits.

2.3 Inadequacy of profits:

If during any financial year, the Board determines that the profits

of the Company are inadequate or in the event of loss, the Board

may decide not to declare dividends for the financial year.

2.4 Statutory/ Regulatory requirements and tax considerations:

The Company shall observe the relevant statutory requirements

including those with respect to mandatory transfer of a

certain portion of profits to any specific reserve(s), as may be

applicable to the Company at the time of taking decision with

regard to dividend declaration or retention of profit.

Dividend distribution tax as per applicable tax regulations in

India.

Any restriction on payment of dividends by virtue of any

regulation, if any, as may be applicable to the Company at the

time of declaration of dividend.

2.5 Operational and working capital requirements, provision for

depreciation and capital expenditure plans:

In addition to the operational and working capital requirements,

the Board may also take into account the need to plough back

the earnings on account of depreciation, replacement of

capital assets, expansion and modernization or augmentation

of capital assets, including any major capital expenditure

proposal(s) and inter-corporate investments.

2.6 Prudential requirements:

The Company may take into account the following prudential

requirements:-

The need to augment long term financial resources for the

Company.

Ability of the Company to raise finance from the lending

markets and capital markets and prevailing market conditions

thereto.

Prospective projects and strategic decisions in order decide to

build a healthy reserve of retained earnings.

2.7 Stakeholder’s expectations:

The Board, while considering the decision of dividend pay-out

or retention of a certain amount entire profits of the Company,

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

58:

Managing Director of

the Company at any time either suo-moto and / or pursuant

to amendments to the LODR Regulations or such other law,

rules, regulations, standards, guidelines as applicable. If there

is any amendment to the policy, this policy will be deemed

to have been amended and such amendment will take effect

from date of the approval of such amendment.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

59:

Managing Director

(KMP)

40,000 7691.31

Saurabh

Gupta

Chief Financial

Officer (KMP)

20,000 7691.31

Ashish

Kumar

Group Company

Secretary,

Compliance

Officer, Head of

Legal & H.R. (KMP)

14,000 7691.31

Pankaj

Sharma

President & Chief

Operating Officer

(Mobile & Security

Devices)

20,000 7691.31

Abhijit

Kotnis

President & Chief

Operating Officer

(LED TV)

20,000 7691.31

Vineet

Kumar

Mishra

President & Chief

Operating Officer

(Lighting)

20,000 7691.31

Rajeev

Lonial

President & Chief

Operating Officer

(Washing Machine)

16,000 7691.31

Kailash

Sharma

Vice President –

Stores

2,000 7691.31

Any other employee who

receives a grant in any one

year of option amounting

to 5% or more of option

granted during that year

None

None

Identified employees

who were granted option,

during any one year, equal

to or exceeding 1% of the

issued capital (excluding

outstanding warrants and

conversions) of the company

at the time of grant

None

None

Sl.

No

Particulars

Dixon ESOP 2018

Dixon ESOP 2020

4

Weighted-average exercise

price

Grant 2018

Grant 2019

Grant 2020

Grant 2020

when the exercise

price is equal/ exceeds

to market price: Not

Applicable

when the exercise

price is equal/exceeds

to market price: Not

Applicable

when the exercise

price is equal/exceeds

to market price: Not

Applicable

when the exercise

price is equal/exceeds

to market price: Not

Applicable

when the exercise price

is less than market

price: H 1,864.80/-

when the exercise price

is less than market

price: H 2,092.58/-

when the exercise price

is less than market

price: H 7,171.56/-

when the exercise price

is less than market

price: H 7,691.31/-

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

61:

letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of this report.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

65:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion

on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of

the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of the financial statements of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliances of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of the corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of the

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Shirin Bhatt & Associates

Company Secretaries

Firm Registration No. S2011DE162600

Shirin Bhatt

Proprietor

C.P. No. 9150

Place: Ghaziabad

M. No. F8273

Date: 27.05.2021

PR No. 1209/2021

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

66:

Managing Director)

DIN:00781436

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

69:

Managing Director

B. Details of the BR head

- Name

Atul B. Lall

- Designation

Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director periodically assesses the BR performance

of the Company for ensuring the effectiveness and relevance of BR

initiatives.

Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability Report?

What is the hyperlink for viewing this report? How frequently

it is published?

Yes, the Company publishes the information on BR every year which

forms part of Annual report of the Company. The same can be

accessed on the website of the Company at www.dixoninfo.com

Section D- Principle-wise Performance

Sl.

No

Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

6.

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online?

www.dixoninfo.com

7.

Has the policy been formally communicated to all relevant

internal and external stakeholders?

Yes

8.

Does the Company have in-house structure to implement

the policy/ policies?

Yes

9.

Does the Company have a grievance redressal mechanism

related to the policy/policies to address stakeholders’

grievances related to the policy/ policies?

Yes

10.

Has the Company carried out independent audit / evaluation

of the working of this policy by an internal or external

agency?

The: Managing

Managing Director to the median remuneration as per Sec 197(12)

of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration Managerial Personnel) Rules 2014

Name of

Director

DIN

Title

Remuneration

in fiscal year

2021

(in J Lakhs)

Remuneration

in fiscal 2020

(in J Lakhs)

% increase of

remuneration

in fiscal 2021

as compared

to fiscal 2020

Ratio of

remuneration

to MRE

Commission

(in J Lakhs)

Mr. Sunil

Vachani

00025431

Whole time

Director

218.52

242.60

(9.93%)

65.13

250.48

Mr. Atul B.

Lall

00781436

Managing

Director

191.92

178.29

7.64%

57.20

413.03

Name of Director

DIN

Remuneration fiscal 2021

(J in Lakhs)*

Remuneration

fiscal 2020 (J)*

% increase of

remuneration in

fiscal 2021 over 2020

Ratio of

remuneration

to MRE

Mr. Manoj Maheshwari

02581704

10.70

7.30

Not Applicable

3.19

Dr. Manuji Zarabi

00648928

11.40

8.20

Not Applicable

3.40

Ms. Poornima Shenoy

02270175

10.40

6.20

Not Applicable

3.10

Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo

03299647

9.35

1.00

Not Applicable

2.79

Dr. Rakesh Mohan

02790744

0.75

-

Not Applicable

0.22

Name of KMP

Title

Remuneration in

fiscal year 2021

(in J Lakhs)#

Remuneration

in fiscal 2020

(in J Lakhs)#

% increase of

remuneration

in fiscal 2021

as compared to

fiscal 2020

Commission

(in J Lakhs)

ESOP

Perquisite

value (J in

Lakhs)

Mr. Ashish Kumar

Company Secretary

67.81

53.69

26.30%

Nil

1003.66

Mr. Saurabh Gupta

Chief Financial Officer

128.92

96.60

33.46%

Nil

1452.42

MRE- Median remuneration of Employees

Notes: The details in the above table are on accrual basis.

For the purpose of comparison, remuneration for both fiscal 2021 and 2020 are given for the full year, except where specifically stated

otherwise. Accordingly, the percentage increase and ratio of remuneration are computed on an annualized basis wherever applicable.

For details of ESOP granted during the year, kindly refer Annexure II forming part of the Directors’ report.

Table 2- Ratio of Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors/Independent Director

MRE- Median remuneration of Employees

*This remuneration include Sitting Fees paid to the Non-Executive/Independent Directors

Dr. Rakesh Mohan was appointed as the Non-Executive Independent Director w.e.f 2nd February, 2021.

Table 3- Percentage increase in the remuneration of the CFO and Company Secretary of the Company

#Remuneration includes fixed pay, variable pay , reimbursement forming part of Cost to Company (‘CTC’).

The details pertaining to stock options granted/vested to Mr. Saurabh Gupta and Mr. Ashish Kumar are provided in Annexure-II of Director’s Report

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

79:

Managing Director or Whole

time Director and holds by himself or along with his spouse and dependent children, not less than two percent of the equity shares

of the Company – There was no such employee who was employed throughout the Financial year or part thereof and was in receipt

of regular remuneration/ C.T.C. in aggregate or as the case may be, at the rate which, in the aggregate, in excess or that drawn by the: Managing Director or Whole time Director and holds by himself or along with his spouse and dependent children, not less than two percent

of the equity shares of the Company.

Table 9 - Details of Employees posted outside India, not being Director or their relatives drawing remuneration more than J 60 lakhs

per annum or J 5 Lakhs per month:

There was no such employee in the Company posted outside India, not being Director or their relatives drawing remuneration more than

H 60 lakhs per annum or H 5 Lakhs per month.

By the order of the Board

For Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Sd/-

Sd/-

Sunil Vachani

Atul B. Lall

(Executive

letter and spirit

c.

Regular and timely meetings of various committees of the

Board viz. Audit, Nomination & Remuneration Committee,

Stakeholders Relationship, Corporate Social Responsibility,

Risk Management Committee.

d.

Separate meeting of Independent Directors without the

presence of Executive Directors/Non- Independent Directors

e.

A day long strategy meeting wherein all Business Heads

present their strategy and annual operational plans before

the Board to give them perspective and strategy of their

businesses.

f.

Performance evaluation of Board, Board’s Committees, all

Directors including Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Nil

Nil

Dr. Manuji Zarabi

6

Present

Nil

4

Dixon Technologies (India)

Limited- Independent

Director

Nil

Nil

Ms. Poornima Shenoy

6

Present

Nil

3

Dixon Technologies (India)

Limited- Independent

Director

Nil

1

Mr. Manoj Maheshwari 6

Present

Nil

2

Dixon Technologies (India)

Limited- Independent

Director

Nil

Nil

Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo

6

Present

Nil

2

Dixon Technologies (India)

Limited- Independent

Director

Nil

Nil

Dr. Rakesh Mohan*

1

NA*

Nil

3

a. Dixon Technologies

(India) Limited- Independent

Director

b. Kirloskar Brothers Limited

Independent Director

Nil

1

*Dr. Rakesh Mohan was appointed as additional director in the capacity of Non- executive and Independent Director w.e.f 2nd February, 2021.

^In accordance with Regulation 26 of SEBI Listing Regulations, chairmanship/committee membership of Audit Committee and Stakeholders relationship Committee of other

public limited companies only has been considered.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

89:

Managing Director

Qualification

Master’s Degree in Management Studies

from the Birla Institute of Technology and

Science, Pilani

Experience

Nearly three decades of experience in the

EMS industry

Identification

of Risk

Technology/ Digital

skills/R & D

Area of Skill/expertise/Competence

Strategy and

Planning

Policy

development

Application of Corporate

Governance principles

Marketing and

Communication

Business

Experience

Experience in

Electronic Industry

Identification of Challenges

and providing solutions

Dr. Manuji Zarabi

Non-Executive & Independent Director

Qualification

Doctor of Philosophy from the Indian

Institute of Science, Bangalore

Experience

He has over 30 years of experience and retired

as Chairman cum: Managing

managing director and

submitting their recommendations to the Board;

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

93:

Managing Director

4

4

The Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary

to the Committee.

Brief Description of Terms of Reference

Terms of Reference of Stakeholder Relationship Committee,

inter alia, include the following:

1.

Collecting and analyzing reports received periodically

from the Registrar and the Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”)

on the following:

a.

Complaints regarding non-receipt of the shares,

debentures, deposit receipt, declared dividend or

interest;

b.

Complaints of investors routed by the SEBI or Stock

Exchanges and others;

c.

Transfer, sub-division, consolidation, split, exchange,

endorsement, transmission of share certificates and

transposition of share certificates;

d.

Issue of share certificates, debenture certificates,

duplicate share or debenture certificates in lieu of

lost/ torn/ mutilated/ defaced certificates;

e.

Requests relating to de-materialization and re-

materialization of shares;

f.

Requests relating to modes of paying the dividend i.e.

through electronic clearing service, RTGS and issue

of dividend warrant for dividend payment/ interest

etc.; and

g.

Complaints related to allotment of shares, transfer

or transmission of shares, debentures or any other

securities, non-receipt of annual report and non-

receipt of declared dividends or any other document

or information to be sent by our Company to its

shareholders.

2.

To redress other grievances of shareholders, debenture

holders and other security holders;

3.

Scrutinizing other matters related to or arising out of

shareholders/ investors services including preparation

and approval of periodical reports.

4.

Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the

Listed entity including complaints related to transfer/

transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report,

non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate

certificates, general meetings etc.

5.

Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by

the listed entity for reducing the quantum on unclaimed

dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend

warrants/annual

reports/statutory

notices

by

the

shareholders of the Company.

6.

Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting

rights by shareholders.

7.

Review of adherence to the service standards adopted

by the listed entity in respect of various services being

rendered by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent.

Status of Complaints during FY 2020-21

The number of complaints received and resolved to the

satisfaction of investors during the year under review and

their break-up is as under:

Particulars

Number of

Complaints

Investor queries/complaints pending at

the beginning of the Year -1st April, 2020

NIL

Investor queries/complaints received

during the Year

14

Investor queries/complaints disposed of

during the Year

14

Investor queries/complaints remaining

unresolved at the end of Year - 31st March,

2021

NIL

Paperless communication with more

than 96% of members having a

registered e-mail address.

No. of shareholders as

on 31st March, 2020

No of shareholders as

on 31st March, 2021

38,411

2,18,042

Also, from time to time, the Company has encouraged

members, whose email id are not registered with the Company,

to get the same registered in order to effectively communicate

with them.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

95:

Managing Director

3

3

Details of the Compliance officer of your Company:

Name: Mr. Ashish Kumar

Designation: Group CS, Head-Legal & HR

E-mail id: investorrelations@dixoninfo.com

D

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee has been

constituted in accordance with the requirements of the Act. The

Committee recommends the Corporate Social Responsibility

projects to be undertaken by the Company and also monitors

its implementation status.

The Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary

to the Committee.

Brief description of terms of reference

Terms of Reference of Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee, inter alia, include the following:

(a) Formulation and recommendation to the Board, a

corporate social responsibility policy and subsequent

amendments as required from time to time;

(b) Ensuring that the corporate social responsibility policy

shall include/ indicate the activities to be undertaken

by the companies as specified in Schedule VII of the

Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made there under,

from time to time excluding the activities undertaken in

pursuance of its normal course of business;

(c) Monitoring the corporate social responsibility policy

by instituting a transparent monitoring mechanism for

implementation of the corporate social responsibility

projects or programs or activities undertaken by the

Company from time to time;

(d) Recommendation of the annual budget for the corporate

social responsibility activities of our Company in

compliance with the relevant statutory provisions;

E

Risk Management Committee

The provisions of Regulation 21 of the SEBI Listing Regulations

became applicable on your Company w.e.f. 1st April, 2019.

Therefore, the Board of Directors had constituted Risk

Management Committee at its Meeting held on 24th May, 2019

to identify elements of Risk in different areas of operations and

to develop plans to mitigate the risks.

Composition, Meetings and Attendance during the Year

Composition of the Committee is in line with the requirements

of Regulation 21 of SEBI Listing Regulations. During the

financial year under review, 1 (one) meeting of the Risk

Management Committee was held on 22nd January, 2021.

Mr. Atul B. Lall, Vice Chairman &: Managing Director of your

Company is

Managing Director

3

2

Mr. Manoj Maheshwari Member

Independent Director

3

2

(H in Lakhs)

NAME OF THE NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

SITTING FEE

COMMISSION

TOTAL

Dr. Manuji Zarabi

3.9

7.5

11.4

Ms. Poornima Shenoy

2.9

7.5

10.4

Mr. Manoj Maheshwari

3.2

7.5

10.7

Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo

1.85

7.5

9.35

Dr. Rakesh Mohan

0.75

-

0.75

Total

12.6

30

42.6

Research and Development Committee

The Board at its meeting held on 30th October, 2020, approved

the constitution of Research and Development Committee

to provide for more focus on innovative, design oriented

and technology-backed solutions to leading domestic and

international brands resting on the Company’s manufacturing

capabilities.

Composition, Meetings and Attendance during the Year

The Research and Development Committee comprises of Dr.

Manuji Zarabi, Independent Director who is the Chairman

of the said Committee and Mr. Atul B. Lall, Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director for a period of five years effective 5th

May, 2017, liable to retire by rotation by the shareholders

on certain terms and conditions including his remuneration

comprising of fixed and variable salary, Commission (if any),

contribution to provident fund, superannuation, gratuity,

perquisites and allowances, reimbursement of expenses etc.

as applicable to the employees of your Company. Furthermore,

at the ensuing 28th Annual General Meeting of the Company,

it is proposed to re-appoint the aforesaid Executive Directors

i.e. Mr. Sunil Vachani and Mr. Atul B. Lall as Whole time Director

and: Managing

Managing Director is as below:

DECLARATION ON CODE OF CONDUCT

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited is committed to conducting its business in accordance with the applicable laws, rules and regulations

and with highest standards of business ethics. The Company has adopted a “Code of Ethics and Business Conduct” which is applicable to

all directors, officers and employees. I hereby certify that the Board members and senior management personnel of the Company have

affirmed compliance with the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for the financial year 2020-21.

For Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Sd/-

Atul B. Lall

(Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director)

Sd/-

Saurabh Gupta

(Chief Financial officer)

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

109:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 27 May, 2021

Date: 27 May, 2021

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

118:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 27 May, 2021

Date: 27 May, 2021

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

119:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 27 May, 2021

Date: 27 May, 2021

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

Year Ended

31 March, 2021

Year Ended

31 March, 2020

C. Cash flow from financing activities

Interest paid

(2,995.40)

(3,511.04)

Proceeds from issue of share

2,685.86

4,569.68

Proceeds/ (repayment) from current borrowings (net)

768.88

(6,824.13)

Proceeds of non Current financial Borrowings

4,679.95

495.57

Repayment of non Current financial Borrowings

(54.20)

(47.56)

Dividend paid

–

(689.31)

Dividend distribution tax paid

–

(49.19)

Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities

5,085.09

(6,055.98)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)

(5,729.46)

8,439.39

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

9,334.58

895.19

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year (refer note 12)

3,605.12

9,334.58

Standalone Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended 31 March, 2021

Notes:

i.

The statement of cash flow has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in Ind AS 7 on statements of cash flow.

ii.

Figures in brackets indicate cash outflow.

iii. Figures for the previous year have been regrouped wherever considered necessary.

iv.

Current taxes paid are treated as arising from operating activities and are not bifurcated between investing and financing activities.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

121:

Managing Director and Chief

Financial Officer which assesses the financial performance

and position of the Company and makes strategic decisions.

2.25 Earnings Per Share

Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net

profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

132

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March, 2021:

letter of credit.

13 Other bank balances

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

As at

31 March 2021

As at

31 March 2020

a.

Loan to related parties (see notes below)

–

Unsecured, considered good

5,900.00

5,900.00

–

Note

i.

Disclosure of loans and advances in the nature of loans given to subsidiaries,

associates and other companies in which directors are interested as required by

Schedule V to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 is as under:

14 Loans

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

139

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March, 2021:

Managing Director and Chief

financial officer which examines the Company’s performance on the basis of single operating segment Electronics Goods;

accordingly segment disclosure has not been made.

Revenue from two customers (Previous year three customers) of the Company represented approximately H 307,103.01 Lakhs

(Previous year H 2,38,642.14 Lakhs) individually more than 10% of the Company’s total revenue.

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

164

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March, 2021:

Managing Director and Vice Chairman

c.

Mr. Manuji Zarabi

Non Executive Independent Director

d.

Ms. Poornima Shenoy

Non Executive Independent Director

e.

Mr. Manoj Maheshwari

Non Executive Independent Director

f.

Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo

Non Executive Independent Director (From 12 April, 2019)

g.

Mr. Prithvi Vachani

Son of Chairman (from 2 April, 2018)

h.

Mr. Saurabh Gupta

Chief Finance Officer (CFO)

i.

Mr. Rakesh Mohan

Non Executive Independent Director (From 2 February 2021)

j.

Mr. Ashish Kumar

Company Secretary

iv. Entities over which individuals mentioned in (iii) point above are able to exercise control/significant influence

a.

Dixon Applied Technology Training Institute

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

166

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March, 2021:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 27 May, 2021

Date: 27 May, 2021

The management expect that the amount will be collected, accordingly no provision is required in the financial statements. The

income under the schemes have been recognised amounting to H 252 lakhs till 30 June, 2019. Post 30 June, 2019, incentive income

have not been recognised based on prudence.

50 The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘Code’) relating to employee benefits, during employment and post-employment benefits, has

received the Presidential assent in September 2020. This Code has been published in the Gazette of India. However, the effective

date from which the changes are applicable is yet to be notified and the rules for quantifying the financial impact are also yet to be

issued. The Company will evaluate the impact of the Code and will give appropriate impact in the financial statements in the period

in which the Code becomes effective and the related rules are published.

51 There are no subsequent event observed after the reporting period which have material impact on the Company’s operation.

52 Figures for the previous year have been regrouped / rearranged wherever necessary.

Subsidy

Incentive

As at

31 March 2021

J/lakh

Stamp duty

100% of Stamp duty paid

66.00

Goods and Service tax (‘SGST’)

100% Net SGST paid for 5 years

181.00

Power

25% of cost Incurred, maximum to H 200 lakhs within 5 years

(Excluding MD and other charges)

143.00

Investment

20% of investment maximum of H 1,000 lakhs

1,000.00

Freight

25% of cost incurred, maximum of H 50 lakhs for a financial year for

5 years

169.00

Employee transportation

H 500 per employee per month maximum of H 25 lakhs for a financial

year for 3 years

75.00

Interest subsidy Term loan (borrowings) Interest rate 5% on term loan, maximum of H 150 lakhs for 5 years

0.56

1,634.56

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

172

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March, 2021:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 27 May, 2021

Date: 27 May, 2021

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

180:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 27 May, 2021

Date: 27 May, 2021

181

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 27 May, 2021

Date: 27 May, 2021

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

Year Ended

31 March, 2021

Year Ended

31 March, 2020

B. Cash flow from investing activities

Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

(16,817.45)

(10,971.72)

Sale proceeds of property, plant and equipment

21.80

162.71

Purchase of investments

(9,525.31)

–

Loan given (net)

(250.00)

–

Purchase of share of Joint Control Entities

–

(2,700.00)

Sale of investments of Mutual fund

–

1,521.10

Income from mutual funds

38.72

3.34

(Increase) / decrease in bank balance not considered as cash and cash equivalent (net)

(53.80)

1,779.13

Interest income received

45.02

274.60

Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities

(26,541.02)

(9,930.84)

C. Cash flow from financing activities

Interest paid

(3,222.56)

(3,774.62)

Proceeds from issue of share

2,685.86

4,569.68

Proceeds from Non current borrowings

6,989.32

113.54

Proceeds / (repayment) of short term borrowings

(104.51)

(5,814.04)

Dividend paid

–

(689.11)

Payment of dividend distribution tax

–

(141.69)

Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities

6,348.11

(5,736.24)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)

(3,181.51)

8,067.21

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

9,565.64

1,442.70

Cash on acquisition of stake in joint venture

–

55.73

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year

6,384.13

9,565.64

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended 31 March, 2021

Notes:

1)

The statement of cash flow has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in Ind AS 7 on statements of cash flow.

2)

Figures in brackets indicate cash outflow.

3)

Figures for the previous year have been regrouped wherever considered necessary.

4)

Current taxes paid are treated as arising from operating activities and are not bifurcated between investing and financing activities.

183

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 27 May, 2021

Date: 27 May, 2021

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

184:

Managing Director & Vice Chairman and Chief

Financial Officer which assesses the financial performance

and position of the Group and makes strategic decisions.

2.25 Earnings Per Share

Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net

profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders

by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding

during the period. The weighted average number of equity

shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for events

such as bonus issue, bonus element in a rights issue, share

split, and reverse share split (consolidation of shares) that

have changed the number of equity shares outstanding,

without a corresponding change in resources.

For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share,

the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity

shareholders and the weighted average number of shares

outstanding during the period are adjusted for the effect of

all potentially dilutive equity shares.

2.26 Exceptional Items

Exceptional items are transactions which due to their

size or incidence are separately disclosed to enable a

full understanding of the Group’s Financial performance.

Items which may be considered exceptional are significant

restructuring charges, gains or losses on disposal of

investments of subsidiaries, associate and joint ventures and

impairment losses/write down in the value of investment in

subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures and significant

disposal of fixed assets.

2.27 Measurement of Fair Values

A number of the Group’s accounting policies and disclosures

require the measurement of fair values, for both Financial

and non-Financial assets and liabilities.

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an

asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction

between market participants at the measurement date. The

fair value measurement is based on the presumption that

the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes

place either:

–

In the principal market for the asset or liability, or

–

In the absence of a principal market, in the most

advantageous market for the asset or liability.

The principal or the most advantageous market must be

accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a

liability is measured using the assumptions that market

participants would use when pricing the asset or liability,

assuming that market participants act in their economic best

interest. A fair value measurement of a non-Financial asset

takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate

economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best

use or by selling it to another market participant that would

use the asset in its highest and best use.

The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in

the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available

to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant

observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable

inputs.

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or

disclosed in the Financial statements are categorized within

the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the

input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a

whole:

–

Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active

markets for identical assets or liabilities

–

Level 2 — Inputs other than quoted prices included

within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or

liability, either directly or indirectly; and

–

Level 3 — Inputs which are unobservable inputs for the

asset or liability.

External valuers are involved for valuation of significant

assets & liabilities. Involvement of external valuers is

decided by the management of the Group considering

the requirements of Ind As and selection criteria include

market knowledge, reputation, independence and whether

professional standards are maintained.

2.28 Research and development expenditure

Research and development expenditure that do not meet

the criteria for the recognition of intangible assets are

recognised as an expense as incurred. Development costs

previously recognised as an expense are not recognised as

an asset in a subsequent period.

195

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March, 2021:

letter of credit.

13 Other bank balances

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

As at

31 March 2021

As at

31 March 2020

a. Loan to others

Unsecured, considered good

250.00

–

250.00

–

14 Loans

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

As at

31 March 2021

As at

31 March 2020

a. Advance income tax (net)

201.62

180.94

201.62

180.94

15 Current tax assets

201

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March, 2021:

Managing Director and Vice chairman & Chief

financial officer which examines the Group’s performance on the basis of single operating segment Electronics Goods; accordingly

segment disclosure has not been made.

Revenue from two customers (Previous year two customers) of the Group represented approximately H 307,104.01 Lakhs (Previous

year H 218,381.95 Lakhs) individually more than 10% of the Company’s total revenue.

46 The Holding Company had made an Initial Public Offer (‘IPO’) during the Quarter ended 30 September, 2017, for 33,93,425 equity

shares of H 10 each, comprising of 3,39,750 fresh issue of equity shares by the Company and 30,53,675 equity shares offered for

sale by share holders. The equity shares were issued at a price of H 1,766 per share (including premium of H 1,756 per share). Out

of the total proceeds from the IPO of H 59,928 Lakhs, the Company’s share was H 6,000 Lakhs from the fresh issue of 339,750 equity

shares. Fresh equity shares were allotted by the Company on 14 September, 2017 and the shares of the Company were listed on

the stock exchanges on 18 September, 2017.

Details of utilization of IPO Proceeds are as follows :

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

Year Ended

31 March 2021

Year Ended

31 March 2020

b. In cash - Donation to

i.

Guru Vishram Vridh Ashram

32.00

–

ii. Jan Maadhyam

16.00

16.00

iii. Nav Abhiyan

21.00

21.00

iv. Purkal Youth Development Society

20.00

–

v. Donation of Ambulances to Noida Authority

45.71

–

vi. The Akshaya Patra Foundation

–

37.00

vii. Saint Hardayal Educational and Orphans Welfare Society

28.38

32.00

viii. *PM Cares fund pertains to FY 2019-20

50.00

–

ix. Delhi Langar Seva Soceity

–

23.61

213.09

129.61

i.

Sanitation Drive on Service Lane

8.03

3.07

221.12

132.68

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

Object of the

Issue as per

Prospectus

Total Utilization

Up to March 31,

2021

Amount

Pending

Utilization

Repayment/pre-payment, in full or in part, of certain borrowings

availed by the Company

2,200.00

2,200.00

–

Setting up a unit for manufacturing of LED TVs at the Tirupati (A.P)

758.00

758.00

–

Finance the enhancement of our backward integration capabilities in

the lighting products vertical at Dehradun Facility

796.00

796.00

–

Upgradation of the information technology infrastructure of the

Company

941.00

941.00

–

General corporate purposes (see note ‘b’ below)

1,017.00

1,017.00

–

5,712.00

5,712.00

–

IPO Expenses*

288.00

288.00

–

Total

6,000.00

6,000.00

229

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March, 2021:

Managing Director

c.

Mr. Saurabh Gupta

Chief financial officer

d.

Mr. Ashish Kumar

Company secretary , Legal & HR Head

e.

Mr. Manuji Zarabi

Non Executive Independent Director

f.

Ms. Poornima Shenoy

Non Executive Independent Director

g.

Mr. Manoj Maheshwari

Non Executive Independent Director

h.

Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo

Non Executive Independent Director

i

Mr. Rakesh Mohan

Non Executive Independent Director

j

Mr. Prithvi Vachani

Son of Chairman

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

KMP and their relatives

Total

Year Ended

31 March 2021

Year Ended

31 March 2020

Year Ended

31 March 2021

Year Ended

31 March 2020

A. Transactions during the year

Loan given to related party

–

32.00

–

32.00

Mr. Atul B. Lall

–

8.00

–

8.00

Mr. Saurabh Gupta

–

24.00

–

24.00

Loan repaid by the related party

28.00

4.00

28.00

4.00

Mr. Atul B. Lall

4.00

4.00

4.00

4.00

Mr. Saurabh Gupta

24.00

–

24.00

–

Director sitting fees

13.15

8.65

13.15

8.65

Mr. Manuji Zarabi

4.35

3.90

4.35

3.90

Ms. Poornima Shenoy

3.00

1.45

3.00

1.45

Mr. Manoj Maheshwari

3.20

2.30

3.20

2.30

Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo

1.85

1.00

1.85

1.00

Mr. Rakesh Mohan

0.75

–

0.75

–

Remuneration (including commission)*

1,346.69

1,121.79

1,339.19

1,121.79

Mr. Sunil Vachani

493.00

524.00

493.00

524.00

Mr. Atul B. Lall

616.95

474.29

616.95

474.29

Mr. Saurabh Gupta

128.92

98.60

128.92

98.60

Mr. Prithvi Vachani

10.01

9.90

10.01

9.90

Mr. Ashish Kumar

67.81

–

67.81

–

Mr. Manuji Zarabi

7.50

5.00

7.50

5.00

Ms. Poornima Shenoy

7.50

5.00

7.50

5.00

Mr. Manoj Maheshwari

7.50

5.00

7.50

5.00

Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo

7.50

–

–

–

b.

Transactions outstanding with related parties

* The amount does not include the shares issued to key managerial personnel under ESOP scheme with share capital amounting to H 3.30 lakhs and security

premium amounting to H 612.08 lakhs.

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

230

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March, 2021:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Delhi

Place: Noida

Date: 27 May, 2021

Date: 27 May, 2021

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

234

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March, 2021:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Delhi

Date: 27 May, 2021

235

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

letter of even date which is annexed

as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of this report.

237

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of the financial statements of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliances of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of the corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Shirin Bhatt & Associates

Company Secretaries

Firm Registration No. S2011DE162600

Shirin Bhatt

Proprietor

C.P. No. 9150

Place: Ghaziabad

M. No. F8273

Date: 26-05-2021

PR. No. 1209

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

238:

letter of even date which is annexed

as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of this report.

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 - 2 1

240:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of the financial statements of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliances of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of the corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company

241

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

