Letter etc.,

together with attested specimen signature(s)

of the duly authorised representative(s), to the

Scrutinizer at email Evoting@mehtamehta.com

with a copy marked to evoting@KFintech.com

and investor@eclerx.com. The scanned image of

the above mentioned documents should be in

the naming format “Corporate Name_Event No.”

l.

In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect

of voting by electronic means or voting through

Instapoll, Members may refer to the Help &

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and e-voting

user manual available at the download section

of

https://evoting.kfintech.com/

(KFintech

website) or contact Mr. S. V. Raju, Deputy General

Manager (Unit: eClerx Services Limited) of KFin

Technologies Private Limited, Selenium Tower

B, Plot 31-32, Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad - 500 032,

Telangana or at evoting@kfintech.com or call

KFintech’s toll free No. 1800 309 4001 for any

further clarifications.

III. Information and instructions for Instapoll

(Voting during the AGM):

The e-voting window shall be activated upon

instructions of the Chairman during the AGM

proceedings. Members shall then click on the

“Vote” icon on the webpage and follow the

instructions to vote on the resolutions.

The results shall be declared at or after the

meeting. The results declared along with the

Scrutinizer’s report shall be placed on the:

letter, setting out his terms

and conditions of appointment is available on the website

of the Company at www.eclerx.com and will be available

for inspection without any fee by the Members from the

date of circulation of this Notice up to the date of AGM.

Members seeking to inspect such document can send an

e-mail to investor@eclerx.com.

Additional information in respect of Mr. Sengupta,

pursuant to Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations and

the Secretarial Standards on General Meetings (SS-2), is

provided at Annexure to this Notice.

Save and except Mr. Sengupta and his relatives, to:

letter, setting out his terms

and conditions of re-appointment is available on the

website of the Company at www.eclerx.com and will be

available for inspection without any fee by the Members

from the date of circulation of this Notice up to the date

of AGM. Members seeking to inspect such document can

send an e-mail to investor@eclerx.com.

Additional information in respect of Mr. Kekre, pursuant

to Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations and the

Secretarial Standards on General Meetings (SS-2), is

provided at Annexure to this Notice.

 Brief profile, skills and expertise of mr. shailesh Kekre:

Mr. Kekre holds management degree from the Indian

Institute of Management, Calcutta and a Bachelor of

Technology degree in Electrical Engineering from the

Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur.

He was a Partner at McKinsey & Company in India and

a leader of the Firm’s global Sourcing and Analytics

practices. He had been with McKinsey for over 17 years.

He has served global enterprises in India, US, UK and

Germany and has extensive experience in counselling

CEOs/CXOs in the Technology sector. He specialises

on topics related to building/scaling new businesses

and strategy & operations for IT/BPM/R&D services. He

was also the founder leader of McKinsey’s Bangalore

office, 100th location of the firm. Before joining

McKinsey, he worked as an R&D engineer at Cadence

Design Systems, wherein he built automation tools for

electronic systems design.

 Association, Participation and involvement with

eClerx:

One of the criteria while nominating or considering

re-appointment of a Director is participation and

attendance at the meetings of the Company.

Although attendance is given significant importance,

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

also considers outside Board room participation

of the Directors. Over and above his role in Board

and Committee meetings, he has provided valuable

advice and guidance to the Company on strategic

matters.

Mr. Kekre currently serves on only one public board

(eClerx), and therefore is available to provide time and

inputs to eClerx in its next phase of growth. He has been

an active Member of the Board and Risk Management

Committee, which can be inferred from his below

attendance record of the Board, Committee meetings

and Annual General Meetings. He brings an independent

judgement on the Board and his continued association

will be valuable to the Company.:

letter of appointment of Non – Executive

Independent Directors of the Company containing

the requisite familiarization details has been hosted

on the Company’s website at https://eclerx.com/

investor-relations/corporate-governance/

21. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

Pursuant to Section 134 of the Act and other applicable

Rules and Regulations, the Directors, to the best of

their knowledge and ability, confirm that:

In the preparation of the annual accounts for the

FY2021, the applicable accounting standards had

been followed along with proper explanation

relating to material departures, if any;:

letter of even

date which is annexed as ‘ANNEXURE A’ and forms an

integral part of this report.

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1)

Maintenance

of

secretarial

record

is

the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on our audit.

2)

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the

secretarial records. The verification was done on

test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected

in secretarial records. We believe that the processes

and practices we followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3)

We

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of financial records and Books of

Accounts of the Company.

4)

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules

and regulations and happening of events etc.

5)

The compliance of the provisions of corporate laws,

rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the

verification of procedures on test basis.

6)

The secretarial audit report is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Mehta & Mehta,

company secretaries

(ICSI Unique Code P1996MH007500)

Dipti Mehta

Partner

FCS No: 3667

CP No: 23905

UDIN: F003667C000441271

Place: Mumbai

Date: June 10, 2021

ANNEXURE A

To,

The Members,

eclerx services Limited,

Sonawala Building, 1st Floor,

29 Bank Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400023

letter & revised return have been filed

with the deputy commissioner of Income-tax.

(c) The Company has received Service tax demands

amounting to Rs. 125.10 million (excluding interest

and penalties) for the period April 2007 to March

2013 against which appeals are pending with

Central Excise and Service Tax Appelate Tribunal and

Rs.3.18 million (excluding interest and penalties) for

the period April 2013 to March 2017 against which

appeals are pending with Commissioner of Central

Excise (Appeals).

With respect to tax refund claims for the period

July 2014 till March 2017 to the extent rejected

by the Services Tax Department for Rs.2.08

million, the Company’s appeals are pending

before the Commissioner of Central Excise &

CGST (Appeals).

The amounts represent best possible estimates

arrived at on the basis of available information.

The uncertainties and possible reimbursements

are dependent on the outcome of the different

legal processes which have been invoked by the

Company or the claimants as the case may be

and therefore cannot be predicted accurately. The

Company engages reputed professional advisors

to protect its interest and has been advised that

it has strong legal positions against each of such

disputes. Hence, no provision has been made

in the financial statements for these disputes

except Rs 15.22 million has been provided as per

requirement of Appendix C to Ind AS 12 Income

Taxes.

The Company had total cash outflows for leases of Rs. 346.48 million for the year ended March 31, 2021 (March 31, 2020:

339.71 million). There are no non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for the year ended March 31,

2021 (March 31, 2020: Nil). There are no future cash outflows relating to leases that have not yet commenced.

The minimum rental payments to be made in future in respect of leases to which the Company has chosen to apply

the practical expedient as per the standard as of March 31, 2021 is as follows:

Less than 1 year

3.09

2.20

1 to 5 years

-

-

>5 years

-

-

3.09

2.20

31. b. Commitments

(Rupees in Million)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Capital Commitments

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account

and not provided for (net of advances)

45.49

20.09:

letter & revised return have

been filed with the deputy commissioner of

Income-tax.

(c) The Group has received Service tax demands

amounting to Rs. 125.10 million (excluding interest

and penalties) for the period April 2007 to March

2013 against which appeals are pending with

Central Excise and Service Tax Appelate Tribunal and

Rs.3.18 million (excluding interest and penalties) for

the period April 2013 to March 2017 against which

appeals are pending with Commissioner of Central

Excise (Appeals).

With respect to tax refund claims for the period July 2014

till March 2017 to the extent rejected by the Services Tax

Deparment for Rs.2.08 million, the Company’s appeals

are pending before the Commissioner of Central Excise

& CGST (Appeals).

The amounts represent best possible estimates arrived

at on the basis of available information. The uncertainties

and possible reimbursements are dependent on the

outcome of the different legal processes which have been

invoked by the Company or the claimants as the case

may be and therefore cannot be predicted accurately.

The Company engages reputed professional advisors

to protect its interest and has been advised that it has

strong legal positions against each of such disputes.

Hence, no provision has been made in the financial

statements for these disputes except Rs 15.22 million has

been provided as per requirement of Appendix C to Ind

AS 12 Income Taxes.

34. b. Commitments

(Rupees in Million)

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Capital Commitments

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account

and not provided for (net of advances)

57.41

24.89:

Dear Shareholders,

It has been our constant endeavour to provide best of the services to our valuable shareholders and maintain good

level of Corporate Governance in this Company. In order to further improve shareholder service standards, we seek

your inputs through this survey.

We would be grateful, if you could spare your valuable time to fill the questionnaire given below and send by

e-mail to investor@eClerx.com.

Thank You,

For eClerx Services Limited

Pratik Bhanushali

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

F8538

Name & Address

of the Shareholder

Folio No.:

Folio No./DP ID/

Client ID::

letter but also in spirit. We have

tools to track new regulations that might apply to us and

effect our stakeholders on near real time basis. In case of any

ambiguity in regulations or its applicability, we fall back up on

our principle of EPIC and err on the side of caution. We ensure

that background checks for all our employees are completed

in a timebound manner. For FY21, we completed verifications

for 98% of our workforce. During FY21, there was no incident

of breach in Code of Ethics or incidents reported through our

whistleblowing procedure.

7. TRANSPARENT COMMUNICATION

We endeavor to maintain honest, transparent and timely

communication with all our stakeholders. Employees have

access to comprehensive HR portal for all their needs and policy

changes and have access to chatbot, human support, manager’s

forum to ask queries and get resolutions. This ensures that there

is healthy two-way communication. Same principle is followed

in dealing with clients, investors, vendors and regulators.

8. DATA MANAGEMENT / SAFETY

Our data security teams implement newer tools to identify

and thwart emerging cyber threats and deploy Vulnerability

Assessment and penetration testing via external consulting

firms. Our Clients also guide us with their global IT practices,

which helps us achieve global standards on data security

and privacy management. All our operational sites with an

information security management system (ISMS) are certified

to ISO 27000.

9. RESPONSIBLE PROCUREMENT &

DISPOSAL

BG verification being done for 3rd party vendor personnel

deployed at our premises - evidence can be shared.

We continuously upgrade our Standard Operating Procedure

Document to incorporate new ideas pertaining to sustainability.

We are also enhancing our Due Diligence Questionnaire to vet

vendors on several parameters inclusive of their commitment to

sustainability at the time of selection and onboarding. Currently,

55% of our suppliers are conforming to the Company’s ESG

principles. 100% of our vendor spend decision undergoes dual

approval process.

10. RESPONSIBILITY FOR ESG INITIATIVES

Responsibility for ESG initiatives resides with four department

heads – Finance and procurement, HR, Infosec & IT infrastructure,

& Administration.

11. APPROACH TO CONTINUOUS

IMPROVEMENT – EXTERNAL

SUPPORT / AUDIT

We have participated in a paid global ESG benchmarking survey

during FY21 and have received feedback on improvement areas.

We plan to implement most of the suggestions during FY22.

In future years, we will also plan to engage a global consulting

firm to propel our ESG mission from defining goals to achieving

measurable results. Further, department heads responsible for

ESG initiatives attend trainings and webinars on sustainability

topics to learn from best practices in the industry.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY21:

