letter of re-appointment

to the concerned director and to do all such acts, deeds and things

as may be necessary, expedient and desirable for the purpose of

giving effect to this resolution.”

Item No. 4 - Appointment of Ms. Vanitha Narayanan as an

Independent Director of the Company

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an

Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149,

150 and 152 read with Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013

(“Act”) and the Rules made thereunder, applicable provisions

of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), any other applicable

laws and regulations (including any statutory modification(s) or

re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), the provisions

of the Articles of Association of the Company and on the basis

of the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company,

Ms. Vanitha Narayanan (DIN - 06488655), who was appointed as

an Additional Director of the Company with effect from July 19,

2021 to hold office as an Independent Director in terms of Section

161(1) of the Act and who has submitted a declaration that she

meets the criteria of independence under Section 149(6) of the

Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and being

eligible for appointment under the provisions of the Act, the Rules

made thereunder and the Listing Regulations, and in respect of

whom the Company has received a notice in writing under Section

160(1) of the Act from a member of the Company proposing her

candidature for the office of an Independent Director, be and is

hereby appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, not

liable to retire by rotation, for a term of five consecutive years with

effect from July 19, 2021 to July 18, 2026.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and is

hereby authorized to finalize and issue the: letter of appointment to

the concerned director and to do all such acts, deeds and things

as may be necessary, expedient and desirable for the purpose of

giving effect to this resolution.”

Item No. 5 - Appointment of Mr. C. Vijayakumar as a

Managing Director of the Company

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an

Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196,

197, 198, 201 and 203 read with Schedule V of the Companies

Act, 2013 (“Act”), the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration

of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Act (including any statutory modification(s)

or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force),SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, the Articles of Association of the Company and subject to

the approval of the Central Government and on such conditions

and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed, if any,

whilst granting such approval, the approval of the members of

the Company be and is hereby accorded to the appointment of

Mr. C. Vijayakumar (DIN - 09244485), as the: Managing Director of

the Company with the designation of ‘CEO & Managing Director’,

to hold office for a period of five years with effect from July 20,

2021 to July 19, 2026 on the terms and conditions of appointment

including remuneration as set out in the Explanatory Statement

annexed to the Notice convening this Annual General Meeting

with authority to the Board of Directors of the Company (which

term shall be deemed to include any Committee of the Board

constituted to exercise its powers, including the powers conferred

by this Resolution) to alter and vary the terms and conditions of the

said appointment including remuneration in such manner as may

be agreed between the Board of Directors and Mr. C. Vijayakumar,

subject to the provisions of the Act and applicable laws.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the

Company be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds,

matters and things as may be considered necessary, desirable

or expedient to give effect to the above resolution including for

obtaining necessary approvals in relation thereto.”

Item No. 7 - Approval for payment of advisory fee and

extension of facilities & benefits to Shri Shiv Nadar as the

letter etc. with the attested specimen signatures of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote and

attend the AGM through VC/OAVM on their behalf. The said

documents shall be sent to the Scrutinizer by e-mail through

its registered e-mail address to officenns@gmail.com with a

copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

b)

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be

disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key-in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go through the

“Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset

Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to

reset the password.

c)

In case of any queries / grievances, you may refer the

Frequently Asked Questions (“FAQs”) for Shareholders

and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the

download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free

no.: 1800-1020-990 or 1800-224-430 or send a request at

evoting@nsdl.co.in or contact Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Manager or

Ms. Soni Singh, Asst. Manager, National Securities Depository

Limited, Trade World, ‘A’ Wing, 4th Floor, Kamala Mills

Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400

013, at the designated e-mail address – evoting@nsdl.co.in,

who will also address the grievances connected with the voting

by electronic means.

22. The Voting rights of the members shall be reckoned in

proportion to the paid-up equity shares registered in the name

of the member / beneficial owner as on the Cut-off date.

23.

The Company has appointed M/s. Nityanand Singh & Co.,

Company Secretaries as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the

remote e-voting process and e-voting during the AGM, in a

fair and transparent manner.

24.

The Scrutinizer shall after the conclusion of voting at the AGM,

first count the votes cast during the AGM, thereafter unblock

the votes cast through remote e-voting in the presence of at

least two witnesses not in the employment of the Company.

The Scrutinizer shall after the conclusion of the AGM submit

a consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the total votes cast in

favor of or against, if any, to the Chairperson of the Company

(or to such other person authorized by the Chairperson in

writing) on or before Monday, August 30, 2021.

25. The results of remote e-voting and e-voting during the AGM,

on the resolutions shall be aggregated and declared after the

conclusion of AGM of the Company by the Chairperson or any

director or any other person authorised by the Chairperson

and the resolutions will be deemed to be passed on the date

of the AGM, subject to receipt of the requisite numbers of

votes in favour of the resolutions.

The results of the voting along with the Scrutinizer’s report shall

be placed on the Company’s website at www.hcltech.com and

on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com immediately

after their declaration. The results shall also be immediately

communicated to BSE and NSE. The results of the voting will

also be displayed on the notice board of the Company at its

Registered Office and its Corporate Office.

I.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR E-VOTING ON THE

DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is the same

as the instructions mentioned at point no. 21 above for remote

e-voting. Only those members who will be present in the AGM

through VC/OAVM facility and have not cast their vote on the

resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise not

barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting

system during the AGM. The Members who have cast their

vote by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may also attend the

AGM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & Chairperson of IBM

India, Vice President for the Communications Sector across Asia

Pacific, Vice President for Global Telecommunications Solutions

and finally: Managing

Managing Director

as well as the Director of the Company and decided to appoint

Mr. C. Vijayakumar, President & Chief Executive Officer of

the Company as the: Managing Director of the Company with a

designation of Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director

(“CEO & Managing Director”) for a period of five years, subject

to the approval of the Members of the Company and such

regulatory authorities that may be required. His appointment has

been recommended by the NRC. The Audit Committee has also

approved the terms and conditions of his appointment including

remuneration, as he, being the key managerial personnel, is a

related party in terms of the Section 2(76) of the Companies Act,

2013 (“Act”).

In terms of the provisions of Section 161 of the Act, he holds office

of the Additional Director only up to the date of this Annual General

Meeting of the Company and is eligible for appointment as a

Director subject to the approval of the members of the Company.

The Company has received a notice in writing from a member

of the Company under Section 160(1) of the Act proposing his

candidature for the office of a Director of the Company and has

also received the requisite consent/declarations from Mr. C.

Vijayakumar for his appointment under the Act.

Mr. C. Vijayakumar is not a resident of India in terms of Part I of

Schedule V to the Act, and hence the said appointment shall be

subject to approval of the Central Government in terms of Section

196(4) read with Section 201 and Schedule V to the Act.

Brief profile of Mr. C. Vijayakumar

Mr. C. Vijayakumar is a graduate in Electrical & Electronics

Engineering from P.S.G. College of Technology, Tamil Nadu, India.

He joined HCL in 1994 as a member of the core team that designed

and implemented India’s first ever fully automated trading network

at the National Stock Exchange of India Limited. With a strategic

vision and global outlook, he relentlessly reinvented himself to

emerge as a leader who could span the breadth of technologies

and deftly navigate the shifting industry landscape.

Mr. C. Vijayakumar has been the President & Chief Executive

Officer of the Company since October 20, 2016. As the Company’s

CEO, he has spearheaded HCL’s initiatives to leverage the

transformative nexus of forces such as Digitalization, Internet of

Things, Cloud, Cybersecurity, and Artificial Intelligence through a

strategic blueprint called ‘Mode 1-2-3.’ His very recent efforts on

adding products and platforms to the Company’s portfolio have

already resulted in a billion-dollar run-rate for the business, the

fastest acceleration of its kind in the industry.

All these strategic bets have resulted in HCL becoming one of

the fastest growing large global technology company in the world.

His personal leadership on this journey has been lauded across

industry, most recently by the leading magazine, Business Today,

that rated him as the ‘Best CEO of the Year, 2020’ in the IT/ITES

industry.

Previously, as President of HCL’s Infrastructure Services Business,

he led its exponential growth and market dominance over the years,

leading to a contribution of nearly 40% to HCL’s revenues today.

He is widely credited with having been part of the founding team

that founded the Remote Infrastructure Management proposition,

which today is a multi-billion-dollar global industry.

Over the years, he has held several Technology, Business &

Operational leadership positions at HCL and is widely recognized

in the industry for his strategic thinking and impeccable execution.

He is currently the

Managing Director may be

terminated by either party by giving to the other party

six months’ notice of such termination. However, the

Company will have an option to terminate the services

on immediate basis or by a shorter notice by paying

remuneration in lieu thereof.

3)

The employment of the CEO & MD may be terminated by

the Company without notice or payment in lieu of notice:

a.

if the CEO & MD is found guilty of any gross

negligence, default or misconduct in connection

with or affecting the business of the Company or

any subsidiary or associated company to which he

is required to render services; or

b.

in the event of any serious repeated or continuing

breach (after prior warning) or non-observance by

the CEO & MD of any of the stipulations imposed by

the Company.

4)

Upon the termination, by whatever means, of the CEO &

MD’s employment:

a.

the CEO & MD shall immediately cease to hold

offices (including office of a Director) held by him

in the Company, its subsidiaries or associated

companies or joint venture companies without claim

for compensation for loss of office by virtue of Section

167(1)(h) of the Act and unless the Board of Directors

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director expires

or is terminated for any reason whatsoever, the CEO &

MD will cease to be the CEO & MD, and also cease to

be a Director unless the Board in its sole and absolute

discretion decides that he can continue as a Director of

the Company. If at any time, the CEO & MD ceases to be

a Director of the Company for any reason whatsoever, he

shall cease to be the CEO & MD.

In compliance with the provisions of Sections 152, 196, 197 and

other applicable provisions of the Act, read with Schedule V to

the Act, and subject to the approval of the Central Government

as mentioned above, the terms and conditions of appointment

including remuneration of Mr. C. Vijayakumar as a Director as

well as the CEO & MD as specified above are now being placed

before the Members of the Company for their approval. The Board

recommends the Resolutions at Item Nos. 5 and 6 for approval by

the Members as Ordinary Resolutions.

Except Mr. C. Vijayakumar and his relatives, none of the other

Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and

their respective relatives are concerned or interested, financially

or otherwise, in the Resolutions as set out at Item Nos. 5 and 6 of

the Notice.

The terms as set out in the resolution and explanatory statement

may be treated as an abstract of the terms of appointment pursuant

to Section 190 of the Act.

Item No. 7

Shri Shiv Nadar on completing 76 years of age and after successfully

leading HCL group for almost 45 years had expressed his desire to

step down as the Director as well as the Chief Strategy Officer and: Managing Director of the Company. Accordingly, he tendered his

resignation as the Chief Strategy Officer and Managing Director as

well as the Director of the Company with effect from the close of

business hours on July 19, 2021. He also resigned as a Director

of HCL America Inc., a wholly owned step-down subsidiary of the

Company with effect from close of business hours on July 19, 2021.

Shri Shiv Nadar has made huge contributions to the spectacular

success of HCL during all these years. Under his guidance, the

Company has continued to ride the waves of the changing IT

landscape, remaining at the forefront of every technological

revolution.

Considering his tremendous experience as one of the pioneers

of the computing and IT industry in India and considering his

vast knowledge, experience, and wisdom in the business of the

Company and the industry to which the Company belongs, the

Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as “Board”) on the

recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(“NRC”), considered Shri Shiv Nadar’s continued association with

the Company to be in the long-term interest of the Company and

all its stakeholders, and unanimously requested Shri Shiv Nadar

to continue to mentor and guide the Board and accept an advisory

role to the Board of the Company. On unanimous request of the

Company’s Board, Shri Shiv Nadar accepted this request.

In view of the above, the Board, pursuant to the recommendations

of the NRC and approval by the Audit Committee, in its meeting

held on July 19, 2021 unanimously conferred upon Shri Shiv

Nadar the status and title of `

Managing Director of

the Company with a

designation of `CEO

&: Managing

Letter from the CEO

10

Board of Directors

13

Perspectives from the CFO

14

Perspectives from the CHRO

15

Financial Highlights

16

Leadership Team

18

A Broad Global Reach

20

A Landmark Year

24

Sustainability

26

Empathy and Collaboration

28

Resilience for a Better Future

30

Business Highlights

Cloud Smart

37

HCL Ecosystems

38

IT & Business Services

40

Engineering and R&D Services

46

Products and Platforms

48

Management Discussion

and Analysis (MDA)

50

Directors’ Report

98

Corporate Governance Report

154

CEO and CFO Certiﬁcates

188

Business Responsibility Report

189

Financial Performance

Standalone Financial Statements

Consolidated Financial Statements

Statement under Section 129

1

$

207

268

339

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter from

the CEO

During a year of crisis

and upheaval, HCL not

only served its clients

and safeguarded its

employees but also

delivered record results.: Dear Stakeholders,

2020 was an unusual year which tested

human ingenuity and resilience like no other

span in recent memory. It will also perhaps

go down in history as a period which reframed

a lot of what we thought were “essentials”

(whether it be freedom of movement, nature

of livelihoods or even the frequency of primal

human connections) in the face of a pandemic

that has no equivalent precedence.

“The New Essential” is a thought that emerged

as we tried to navigate this journey with our

employee and customer family spread across

nearly every industry and country across the

globe that was impacted. We realized that the

only way to successfully make this journey was

through a combination of the best in digital

technology and the best of the human spirit.

Being a global technology provider placed

us right at the heart of ground zero where

we were called upon to not only help our

customers Act and Adapt to the changed

circumstances but also to Advance despite

the challenges posed by this unusual year.

Our employees have done a heroic job on

the front lines. It is because of their unstinted

commitment that despite the pandemic-

induced headwinds at the start of the ﬁscal,

we ﬁnished FY21 on a very strong note.

C Vijayakumar

Chief Executive Officer

HCL Annual Report 2021

10

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Letter from the CEO

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director is the

managerial person of the Company. There has been

no change in the overall remuneration of Mr. Shiv

Nadar. In addition to receiving remuneration from the

Company, Mr. Shiv Nadar receives remuneration from

HCL America Inc., a step-down wholly owned subsidiary

of the Company, hence, the difference of -3.96% in the

remuneration as appearing above includes any variation

on account of exchange rate.

F. Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the

remuneration policy of the Company:

The Company affirms that the remuneration is as per the

Remuneration Policy of the Company.

40. STATEMENT OF EMPLOYEES PURSUANT TO RULE 5(2)

AND 5(3) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND

REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES,

2014

In terms of Rule 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment

and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014,

the list of top ten employees of the Company in terms of the

remuneration drawn in FY 2020-21 and a statement containing

the names of the employees employed throughout the financial

year and in receipt of remuneration of ₹1.02 crores per annum or

more and employees employed for part of the year and in receipt

of ₹8.50 lacs or more per month is provided in a separate exhibit

forming part of this report. The Annual Report and the Financial

Statements are being sent to the shareholders excluding this

exhibit. This exhibit is available to any shareholder for inspection

on request and is also available on the website of the Company

at https://www.hcltech.com/investors/results-reports

41. VIGIL MECHANISM / WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY

The Company has formulated and published a Whistleblower

Policy to provide Vigil Mechanism to report genuine concerns

(including reporting of instances of leakage of unpublished

price sensitive information) and to ensure strict compliance

with ethical and legal standards across the Company. The

provisions of this Policy are in line with the provisions of

the Section 177(9) of the Act and the Listing Regulations

and are available on the website of the Company at

https://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies. The

details of the Whistleblower Policy form part of the Corporate

Governance Report annexed with this Annual Report.

42. OBSERVANCE OF THE SECRETARIAL STANDARDS

ISSUED BY THE INSTITUTE OF COMPANY SECRETARIES

OF INDIA

The Company complies with all applicable Secretarial

Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of

India.

43. DISCLOSURE

UNDER

SEXUAL

HARASSMENT

OF

WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, PROHIBITION

AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013

The Company has in place a Prevention and Redressal

of Sexual Harassment at Workplace Policy in line with the

requirements of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace

(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. The

Company has constituted an Internal Committee for the

redressal of all sexual harassment complaints. These matters

are also being reported to the Audit Committee. The details

of the Policy and the complaints are given under Corporate

Governance Report and the Business Responsibility Report

respectively, which form part of this Annual Report.

44. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

The Board wishes to place on record its appreciation of

the significant contributions made by the employees of the

Company and its subsidiaries during the year under review.

The Company has achieved impressive growth through

competence, hard work, solidarity, cooperation and support of

employees at all levels. Your Directors thank the customers,

vendors and other business associates for their continued

support in the Company’s growth. Your Directors also wish

to thank the government authorities, banks and members for

their cooperation and assistance extended to the Company.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

of HCL Technologies Limited

Place: New Delhi, India

ROSHNI NADAR MALHOTRA

Date: April 23, 2021

Chairperson

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure-A and forms an integral part of this

report.

ii.

Due to restricted movement amid COVID-19 pandemic, we

conducted the secretarial audit by examining the Secretarial

Records including Minutes, Documents, Registers and other

records etc., and some of them received by way of electronic

mode from the Company and could not be verified from the

original records. The management has confirmed that the

records submitted to us are the true and correct. This Report

is limited to the Statutory Compliances on laws / regulations

/ guidelines listed in our report of which, the due date has

been ended/expired on or before March 31, 2021 pertaining

to Financial Year 2020-21.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion

on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of

the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on the random test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected

in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on random test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Dr. S. Chandrasekaran

Senior Partner

Membership No. FCS 1644

Date: April 20, 2021

Certificate of Practice No. 715

Place: New Delhi

UDIN: F001644C000141982

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Chairperson - CSR Committee

Chief Strategy Officer

Chairperson - HCL Technologies Limited

Place: New Delhi, India

Date: April 23, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of the law. Corporate

governance standards should go beyond the law.

•

Be transparent and maintain high degree of disclosure levels.

When in doubt, disclose.

•

Make a clear distinction between personal convenience and

corporate resources.

•

Communicate externally, in a truthful manner, about how the

Company runs internally.

•

Have a simple and transparent corporate structure driven

solely by business needs.

•

Comply with the laws of all the countries in which the Company

operates.

•

Management is the trustee of shareholders’ capital and not

the owner.

Corporate governance is an integral part of the philosophy of

the Company in its pursuit of excellence, growth and value

creation. In addition to complying with the statutory requirements,

effective governance systems and practices towards improving

transparency, disclosures, internal control and promotion of ethics

at workplace have been institutionalized. The Company recognizes

that good governance is a continuing exercise and reiterates its

commitment to pursue highest standards of corporate governance

in the overall interest of its stakeholders.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors (“Board”) determines the purpose and values

of the Company. The primary role of the Board is that of trusteeship

so as to protect and enhance stakeholders’ value through the

strategic supervision of the Company and its subsidiaries.

The Company is headed by a Board that exercises leadership,

integrity and judgment in directing so as to achieve continuing

prosperity and to act in the best interest of the Company. The

Board plays a critical role in overseeing how the management

serves the short-term and long-term interests of shareholders and

other stakeholders. This is reflected in the Company’s governance

practices, through which it strives to maintain an active, informed

and independent Board. The Board ensures that the Company

complies with all relevant laws, regulations, governance practices,

secretarial, accounting and auditing standards. It identifies key risk

areas and key performance indicators of the Company’s business

and constantly monitor these factors.

The Board is entrusted with the ultimate responsibility of the

management, general affairs direction and performance of

the Company and has been vested with the requisite powers,

authorities and duties.

BOARD SIZE AND COMPOSITION

The Board is at the core of the Company’s corporate governance

practices and oversees how the management serves and protects

the long-term interests of all the stakeholders. The Company

believes that an active, well informed and independent Board is

necessary to achieve highest standards of corporate governance.

The Board of the Company has an optimum combination of

Executive Director, Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors

and Independent Directors who have an in-depth knowledge

of business, in addition to the expertise in their areas of

specialization. During the year, 75% of the Board comprised

of Independent Directors. Independent Directors play a critical

role in imparting balance to the Board processes by bringing

independent judgments on issues of strategy, performance,

resources, conduct etc.

As on March 31, 2021, the Board of the Company consists of twelve

members, of which three are Women Directors. The Board consists

of one: Managing Director, two Non-Executive Non-Independent

Directors and nine Non-Executive Independent Directors. The

Managing Director of the Company is a Promoter Director who is

designated as the Chief Strategy Officer of the Company.

Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra, Non-Executive Non-Independent

Director, was appointed as the Non-Executive Chairperson of the

Board of Directors and the Company w.e.f. July 17, 2020, in place

of Mr. Shiv Nadar who expressed his desire to step down from

the position of the

Managing Director

and Chief Strategy

Officer (3)

1

1

-

736

-

Mr. Deepak

Kapoor

(DIN 00162957)

Non-Executive

Independent Director

3

5

1

681 TATA Steel Limited

Mr. S. Madhavan (4)

(DIN 06451889)

Non-Executive

Independent Director

6

6

3

5,000 1. UFO Moviez

India Limited

2. Transport

Corporation of

India Limited

3. ICICI Bank

Limited

4. Sterlite

Technologies

Limited

Dr. Mohan

Chellappa

(DIN 06657830)

Non-Executive

Independent Director

1

-

-

Nil

-

Ms. Nishi

Vasudeva (5)

(DIN 03016991)

Non-Executive

Independent Director

6

8

2

50 1. L&T Infra Debt

Fund Limited

2. L&T Finance

Holdings

Limited

3. ABB Power

Products and

Systems India

Limited

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director from

July 1, 2006 to October 17, 2014 and as the Non-Executive Vice

Chairman from October 17, 2014 to February 2, 2017 of Redington

(India) Limited. Prior to starting Redington in Singapore, he

spent three years in Indonesia with a leading Textile company.

His experience also includes a number of years with Readers

Digest and the Coca-Cola Corporation in India. He has over 30

years of management experience across the globe. He has been

awarded the “Entrepreneur Award 2007” by CII, Tamil Nadu and

“Outstanding contribution to the IT Channel Industry” by CRN in

2007.

Mr. Simon John England

Mr. Simon John England, aged 55 years, has a degree in Engineering

from the University of Durham and has over 30 years of experience

of leading, transforming and growing organisations across the

public and private sector. He has spent much of his career working

with UK and Global Insurers, Healthcare providers and with the

UK Government. He is a partner in the specialist advisory firm,

Garwood Solutions, where he provides independent strategic and

business advice to clients in the Professional Services, Financial

Services, Health and Technology sectors. He spent 27 years with

Accenture and led several of Accenture’s largest businesses

and global client relationships, including: Managing Director of

Accenture’s UK and Ireland Insurance business and, prior to

that, the UK Healthcare business. He was the Managing Director

of Primary Care Support England (PCSE) for Capita where he

led the recovery and turnaround of this large, complex and high

profile outsourced operation for NHS England. He is accomplished

in applying technology to achieve business results - creating

digital operations, shaping, planning and leading operational

transformation and performance improvement programmes and

technology enabled business change at scale, and is experienced

in leading on and offshore outsourced operations. He is an expert

in complex stakeholder and commercial management, and

organisation turnaround. He is involved in the UK Arts sector and

led Accenture’s relationship with the Bright Ideas Trust – helping

nurture new entrepreneurs from disadvantaged communities. He

also worked closely with Whizz-Kidz – an energetic charity that is

transforming the delivery and management of wheelchair services,

with the NHS, for children across many parts of the UK.

Mr. Thomas Sieber

Mr. Thomas Sieber, aged 58 years, has a Business Administration

degree from the University of St. Gallen, Switzerland. He is serving

as the

letter of

appointment setting out in detail the terms of employment including

their roles, function, responsibilities and their fiduciary duties as a

Director of the Company. A draft: letter is available on the website

of the Company and the weblink for the same has been provided

at the end of this report.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter, if any, the reports

of their reviews of the Company’s interim financial

statements, and the reports of the results of such other

examinations outside of the course of the statutory

auditors’ normal audit procedures that they may from time

to time undertake.

f)

Review and examination of Financial Statements

Review and examination of the Company’s financial

reporting process and the disclosure of its financial

information to ensure that the financial statements are

accurate, sufficient and credible and evaluation of internal

1.

Audit Committee

As on March 31, 2021, the Audit Committee comprised of four

Independent Directors namely:

a)

Mr. S. Madhavan (Chairperson)

b)

Mr. Deepak Kapoor

c)

Ms. Nishi Vasudeva

d)

Ms. Robin Ann Abrams

The Company Secretary acts as a Secretary to the Committee.

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of Audit Committee are as under:

a)

Statutory Auditors

Recommend

to

the

Board

the

appointment,

re-appointment and if required, the replacement or

removal of the statutory auditors, including filing of a

casual vacancy, fixation of audit fee / remuneration,

terms of appointment and also provide prior approval of

the appointment of and the fees for any other services

rendered by the statutory auditors. Provided that the

statutory auditors shall not render services prohibited to

them by Section 144 of the Companies Act, 2013 or by

professional regulations.

The Committee shall take into consideration the

qualifications and experience of the firm proposed to be

considered for appointment as auditors as specified under

Section 141 of the Companies Act, 2013 and whether

these are commensurate with the size, nature of business

and requirements of the Company and also consider any

completed and pending proceedings against the proposed

firm of Auditors before the Institute of Chartered Accountants

of India or any competent authority or any Court.

The Committee shall recommend to the Board, the name

of the audit firm who may replace the incumbent auditor

on the expiry of their term.

b) Review and monitor Independence and Performance

of Statutory Auditors and Effectiveness of Audit

Process

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of the Company

for the year ended March 31, 2021 are as under:

(` in crores)

Sr.

No.

Name

Designation

Gross

Salary

1

Mr. C. Vijayakumar (1)

Chief Executive Officer

-

2

Mr. Prateek Aggarwal (2) Chief Financial Officer

4.49

3

Mr. Manish Anand

Company Secretary

1.37

Notes:

(1) Mr. C. Vijayakumar, Chief Executive Officer did not receive

any remuneration from the Company. However, he received

USD 4.13 million (equivalent ₹30.60 crores) as remuneration

from HCL America Inc., a wholly-owned step-down subsidiary

of the Company during the financial year 2020-21.

(2) Mr. Prateek Aggarwal, Chief Financial Officer apart from

receiving remuneration from the Company, also received USD

0.16 million (equivalent ₹1.19 crores) as remuneration from

HCL America Inc., a wholly-owned step-down subsidiary of

the Company during the financial year 2020-21.

4. Finance Committee

As on March 31, 2021, the Finance Committee comprised of

the following members:

a)

Mr. S. Madhavan (Chairperson)

b)

Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra

c)

Mr. Shiv Nadar

d)

Mr. Shikhar Malhotra

e)

Mr. R. Srinivasan

f)

Mr. Thomas Sieber

Note: Mr. Shiv Nadar has ceased to be a member of the

Finance Committee w.e.f. April 1, 2021.

Terms of Reference

The Terms of Reference of the Finance Committee are as

under:

a)

To review and approve the capital structure plans and

specific equity and debt financings and recommend the

same for approval to the Board.

b)

To review and approve the annual budgets and other

financial estimates and provide its recommendations to

the Board.

c)

To review the actual performance of the Company against

the budgets.

d)

To review and approve the capital expenditure plans and

specific capital projects and recommends the same to the

Board for approval.

e)

To evaluate the performance of and returns on approved

capital expenditure.

f)

To consider and approve the proposal which involves

funding assets on operating and / or financial lease in the

normal course of business.

g)

To review and approve the proposals for mergers,

acquisitions

and

divestitures

and

provide

its

recommendations to the Board.

h)

To evaluate the performance of acquisitions.

i)

To consider and approve the proposals for fresh

investments by way of infusion of capital and / or providing

of loan and any further investments (by capital / loan) in

wholly owned subsidiaries / branches and providing any

guarantees for funding the same.

j)

To evaluate the performance of Subsidiaries / JVs / Branches.

k)

To plan and prepare strategies for managing the foreign

exchange exposure – the Committee to approve the

hedging policy and monitor its performance.

l)

To approve the investment policy and review the

performance thereof.

m) To recommend dividend policy to the Board.

n)

To review and approve the insurance coverage and

program for the Company.

o)

To consider and approve the guarantees / bonds provided

by the Company either directly or through banks in

connection with the Company’s business.

p)

To approve opening / closing of bank accounts of the

Company and change in signatories for operating the

bank accounts.

q)

To perform any other activities or responsibilities assigned

to the Committee by the Board of Directors from time to

time.

r)

To delegate authorities from time to time to the Executives

/ Authorised persons to implement the decisions of the

Committee within the powers authorised above.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO of the

Company is provided in this Annual Report.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of Appointment of Independent Director

https://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies

Familiarization Programme for Independent Director

https://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies

Corporate Social Responsibility Policy

https://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies

Remuneration Policy

https://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies

Policy on Related Party Transactions

https://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies

Code of Business Ethics and conduct

https://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies

Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy

https://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies

Whistleblower Policy

https://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies

Policy for determining Material Subsidiary

https://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies

Archival Policy

https://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies

Policy for Determination of Materiality of Events or Information

https://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies

Details of unclaimed dividends and shares liable to be transferred to IEPF

https://www.hcltech.com/investors/iepf-details.

Transcripts of Earnings Calls

https://www.hcltech.com/investors/results-reports

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter, debarment, etc.

Observations/ remarks of

the Practicing Company

Secretary, if any

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

(e) The listed entity has taken the following actions to comply with the observations made in previous reports:

Sr.

No.

Observations of the

Practicing Company

Secretary in

the previous reports

Observations made in the

secretarial compliance report for

the year ended…

(The years are to be mentioned)

Actions taken by the

listed entity, if any

Comments of the

Practicing Company

Secretary on the actions

taken by the listed entity

Not Applicable during the year under review

For Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Dr. S. Chandrasekaran

Senior Partner

Membership No. FCS 1644

Date: April 20, 2021

Certificate of Practice No. 715

Place: New Delhi

UDIN: F001644C000142026

Note:

(i)

Due to restricted movement amid COVID-19 pandemic, we conducted the secretarial audit by examining the Secretarial Records

including Minutes, Documents, Registers and other records etc., and some of them received by way of electronic mode from the

Company and could not be verified from the original records. The management has confirmed that the records submitted to us are

the true and correct. This Report is limited to the Statutory Compliances on laws / regulations / guidelines listed in our report of which,

the due date has been ended/expired on or before March 31, 2021 pertaining to Financial Year 2020-21.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated 18 December 2019.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by HCL Technologies Limited (“the Company”), for the

year ended 31 March 2021, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E

of Schedule V of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

as amended from time to time (“Listing Regulations”) pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the Company with the National Stock

Exchange Limited and the BSE Limited (collectively referred to as the ‘Stock exchanges’) and to be sent to the shareholders of the

Company.

Management’s Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under the listing regulations is the responsibility of the Company’s

Management including the preparation and maintenance of all the relevant records and documents. This responsibility includes

the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of

Corporate Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditors’ Responsibility

4.

Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of

the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the

Company.

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance whether the

Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year ended 31 March

2021.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance compliance by the Company in accordance with the Guidance

Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance

both issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”), in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate.

The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms

that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that the Company has

complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on use

10. The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling the Company to comply

with the requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not be used by any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly,

we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate is

shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

Sd/-

Rakesh Dewan

Partner

Membership No: 092212

UDIN: 21092212AAAAAS1829

Place: Gurugram

Date: 23 April 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & Chief Strategy Officer and C. Vijayakumar, President & Chief Executive Officer of HCL Technologies

Limited (“the Company”) confirm that the Company has adopted a Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (“Code of Conduct”) for its Board

members and senior management personnel and the Code of Conduct is available on the Company’s website.

We, further confirm that the Company has in respect of the financial year ended March 31, 2021, received from its Board members as well

as senior management personnel affirmation as to compliance with the Code of Conduct.

Shiv Nadar

C Vijayakumar: Managing

Managing Director

Prateek Aggarwal

Prahlad Rai Bansal

Manish Anand

Chief Financial Officer

Deputy Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Noida, UP (India)

Date: 30 July 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

