Managing Director

Sachin Tikekar

Whole-time Director

Anant Talaulicar

Independent Director

B V R Subbu

Independent Director

Prof. Alberto Sangiovanni Vincentelli

Independent Director

Nickhil Jakatdar

Independent Director

Shubhalakshmi Panse

Independent Director (upto June 16, 2021)

Vinit Teredesai

Chief Financial Officer (upto June 12, 2020)

Priyamvada Hardikar

Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f. June 12, 2020)

Nida Deshpande

Company Secretary

Auditors

B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

8th Floor, Business Plaza,

Westin Hotel Campus,

36/3-B, Koregaon Park Annex,

Mundhwa Road, Ghorpadi, Pune - 411001

Legal Advisors

Khaitan & Co.

One World Center,

10th & 13th Floors, Tower 1C,

841, Senapati Bapat Marg,

Mumbai – 400 013.

Financial Institutions

- HDFC Bank Limited

- The Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

- Citibank N.A.

- Axis Bank Limited

- Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

- State Bank of India

- ICICI Bank Limited

- The IDBI Bank Limited

- DBS Bank Limited

Board of Directors

Contents: Letter from the

Letter from

the Chairman

Dear Fellow KPITians,

Let me start the: letter by trusting all of you have got yourselves and

your near ones vaccinated and are taking all the necessary precautions

to stay safe and healthy.

FY2021 was an unusual year by all counts. We lived through a pandemic

that the world had not seen in the last hundred years. It affected our

ﬁnancial position, it altered our work life balance, it distorted the school

years of our children and completely changed the way we lead our

everyday life.

Having said that, the year also had a silver lining. Typically, a vaccine

takes 10 years to develop. This time, it happened in less than a year. The

pandemic also brought the world together as never before. We all saw

the problems faced by humanity and together worked towards solving

them. The pandemic accelerated some long-term trends such as

digitization and decarbonization. It also enhanced our awareness about

climate effects. On a personal front, I think it strengthened our family

bonds. Many of us found time to reﬂect on our past and we reached out

to our friends with whom we had not talked for a long time.

The year gone by was thus also a test of resilience for KPIT and our

clients as well. You would notice that the theme of the Annual Report is

also resilience since it captures the true spirit shown by every KPITian

over the last year. I am personally very happy with the way every KPITian

has risen to the occasion, worked seamlessly as a team globally and

emerged triumphant, as the year went by.

On the business front, while we took a hit on revenues only in the ﬁrst

quarter of the year, we showed very good recovery during the second

half, ending the year on a positive note. We had the last two quarters of

the year reporting high revenue growth. The operating margins (EBITDA)

improved every quarter and we ended the year with 17%+ operating

margins. I am glad, as you would be aware, the market has responded

well, recognizing the good work done. For further details on the

performance of the year please refer to CEO and President joint letter.

The Automotive and Commercial Vehicle (Mobility) Industry

I would like to use my letter to give you a broad perspective about how

the mobility industry is changing and what role we see KPIT executing in

this change.

The Mobility industry, as most of the other industries, had a setback

when the pandemic struck and revenues as well as proﬁts dropped

drastically for most of the players. The industry is used to cyclical falls

in vehicle sales but this was something totally new and unexpected. Our

clients were also no exception to this sudden jolt, but as they have

S. B. (Ravi) Pandit

Letter from the

CEO &: Managing Director

and President &

Whole-time Director

Dear Stakeholders,

We would like to extend our best wishes to you and your loved ones as

we together overcome the tough times. We are looking forward to truly

realize our Vision as stated in the

Managing Director

Sachin Tikekar

President:

Managing Director,

Jens Tillner attends the round table conference

hosted by the Consulate General of India in Munich

Jens Tillner,: Managing

Letter.

INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR

ADEQUACY

The CEO & CFO certification provided elsewhere in this

Annual Report discusses the adequacy of internal control

systems and procedures in place.

RISKS AND CONCERNS

A separate report on Enterprise Risk Management is

provided elsewhere in this Annual Report.

COVID-19 PANDEMIC NOTE

Though the COvId-19 pandemic did bring some

disruption in the industry in the medium term, industry

and business fundamentals are strong. Our aim was to

be nimble, adapt quickly and innovate to respond to

client needs during the pandemic time and contribute

to their success. Our business fundamentals were very

strong and we continue to deliver consistent results.

Our key focus initially was on employee well being

and safety, upholding of client commitments and

improving liquidity and conserving cash. We enabled

98% of our global workforce to work from home by

the beginning of April 2020 as employee safety while

meeting client commitments was our top priority. Our

road map on meeting customer commitments was

strong with a clear focus on Zero Defect Delivery and

increasing productivity. We are appreciative towards all

our employees for the tremendous resilience shown by

each one of them and grateful to our clients for showing

confidence in us.

Cautionary Statement

Certain statements under ‘Management discussion

& Analysis’ describing the Company’s objectives,

projections, expectations may be forward looking

statements within the applicable securities laws and

regulations. Although the expectations are based on

reasonable assumptions, the actual results could differ

materially from those expressed or implied, since the

Company’s operations are influenced by external and

internal factors beyond the Company’s control. The

Company assumes no responsibility to publicly amend,

modify or revise any forward-looking statements, basis

any subsequent developments, information or events.:

Managing director;

2.

Ms. Priyamvada Hardikar - Chief Financial Officer

with effect from June 12, 2020;

3.

Ms. Nida deshpande – Company Secretary.

during the year under review, Mr. vinit Teredesai resigned

from the post of Chief Financial Officer with effect from

June 12, 2020.:

Managing Director

and Ms. Priyamvada Hardikar, Chief Financial Officer,

pursuant to the provisions of regulation 17(8) of the SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, 2015, for the year under review was

placed before the Board of Directors of the Company at

its meeting held on April 28, 2021.

A copy of such certificate forms a part of the Report on

Corporate Governance.

Cost Records

The Company is not required to maintain cost records

under the provisions of Section 148(1) of the Companies

Act, 2013.

Directors & Officers Insurance Policy

The Company has in place an insurance policy for its

Directors & Officers with a quantum and coverage as

approved by the Board.

Acknowledgments

We take this opportunity to thank all the shareholders of

the Company for their continued support.

We thank our customers, vendors, investors and bankers

for their continued support during the year. We place on

record our appreciation of the contribution made by our

employees at all levels. Our consistent growth was made

possible by their hard work, solidarity, co-operation and

support.

We further thank the governments of various countries

where we have our operations. We also thank the

Government of India, particularly the Ministry of

Communication and Information Technology, the Ministry

of Commerce, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of

Corporate Affairs, the Customs and Excise Departments,

the Income Tax Department, the Reserve Bank of India,

the State Governments, the Software Development

Centers (SDCs)/Special Economic Zones (SEZs) –

Bengaluru, Pune and all other government agencies

for their support and look forward for their continued

support in future.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Pune

S. B. (Ravi) Pandit

July 23, 2021

Chairman:

letter

of Grant at the time of

Grant.

Exercise price per Option shall

be determined by the Committee

which shall not be lesser than

the face value of the share

(` 10/-) as on date of Grant of

Option.

The Offer Price per

Share shall be such

price being not less

than the face value

of a Share of the

Company at the

time of the Offer.

5

Maximum term of

Options granted (years)

Pursuant to the Scheme

of Arrangement and the

Applicable Law, Company

has taken into account

the vesting Period

completed under the

KPIT ESOPs prior to the

Grant of Options to the

Employee under the ESOP

2019.

The Exercise Period in respect of

an Option shall be subject to a

maximum period of 5 (Five) years

from the date of Vesting of such

Option.

Not applicable to

the Scheme.

6

Method of Settlement

Settlement by issue of Equity shares

Not applicable to

the Scheme.:

Managing Director

Chairman of CSR Committee

Pune

July 23, 2021:

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral part

of this report.

Annexure to the Secretarial Audit Report

To:

The Members,

KPIT Technologies Limited,

Plot No. 17, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park, MIDC- SEZ

Phase III, Maan Taluka- Mulshi, Hinjawadi, Pune-411057

My report of even date is to be read along with this: letter:

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the

secretarial records. The verification was done

on test-check basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that

the process and practices, I followed provide a

reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and

appropriateness of financial records and books of

accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained Management

Representation about the compliance of laws, rules

and regulations and happening of events, etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of management.

My examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test-check basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an

assurance as to future viability of the Company

nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

dr. K. R. Chandratre

Place: Pune

FCS No.: 1370, C. P. No.: 5144

date: 28 April 2021

UdIN: F001370C000201526

Peer Review Certificate No.: 463/2016

letter and spirit in the preparation of

financial statements taking into account the interest

of the stakeholders and the annual audit is conducted:

letter of appointment to Independent

Directors

The Company has issued formal appointment

letters to the Independent Directors and brief

terms & conditions of which have been placed on

the Company’s website.

5.

Performance evaluation of Independent Directors

The Nomination and Remuneration (HR) Committee

has laid down criteria for performance evaluation of

Independent directors, in its policy which are given

below:

a)

Attendance at Board meetings and Board

Committee meetings;

b)

Chairmanship of the Board and Board

Committees;

c)

Contribution and deployment of knowledge

and expertise at the Board and Committee

meetings;

d)

Guidance and support provided to senior

management of the Company outside the

Board meetings;

e)

Independence of behavior and judgment; and

f)

Impact and influence.

As a part of the Annual Board Evaluation, detailed

questionnaires were circulated to all the directors.

On the basis of responses received on these

questionnaires, the Chairman of the Board and the

Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration (HR)

Committee evaluated the Board’s performance and

that of its committees. The Board also conducted

evaluation of independent directors which included

performance of directors and fulfilment of

criteria as specified in SEBI (LODR) (Amendment)

Regulations, 2018, and their independence from the

management, where the independent directors did

not participate.

6.

Separate meeting of the Independent Directors

During FY 2020-21, a separate meeting of the

Independent Directors of the Company was held

on February 19, 2021.

7.

Familiarization Programme for Independent

Directors

Our Directors, at the time of their appointment, are

provided with information about the Company and

its organization structure, business model, vision

and values, latest published results and internal

policies to enable them to familiarize themselves

with the Company’s procedures and practices.

The new Directors are also invited for meetings

of Board of Directors and Board Committees held

before their appointment which helps them to

familiarize themselves with the Company and its

Board process. A familiarization programme was

also conducted in the month of February, 2021.

The details of such familiarization programs are

uploaded on the website of the Company (https://

www.kpit.com/investors/#policies-reports-filings).

Further, at every Board meeting, there are detailed

business presentations made which are useful to

the Directors in understanding the business. The

presentations are made by the business leaders

so that the Directors are able to connect with the

leaders and ask them related questions.

D.

Responsibilities of the Chairman and other

Executive Directors

Mr. S. B. (Ravi) Pandit is the Chairman of the Board

of Directors, Mr. Kishor Patil is the Chief Executive

Officer (CEO) &: Managing Director and Mr. Sachin

Tikekar is a Whole-time Director of the Company.

The authorities and responsibilities of each of the

above Directors are clearly demarcated as under:

The

Managing director

4

4

Yes

3

Mr. Sachin Tikekar, Whole-time director

4

4

Yes

4

Mr. Anant Talaulicar

4

4

Yes

5

Mr. B V R Subbu

4

4

Yes

6

Ms. Shubhalakshmi Panse#

4

4

Yes

7

Prof. Alberto Sangiovanni Vincentelli

4

4

Yes

8

dr. Nickhil Jakatdar

4

4

Yes

9

Mr. Rafi Maor@

1

1

NA

* Attendance by videoconference.

@ Resigned with effect from June 9, 2020.

# Resigned with effect from June 17, 2021.

of the financial year and circulated to all the

Board members. These dates are also given in the

‘Additional Shareholder Information’, which forms

a part of this Annual Report. Generally, the Board

meetings are held at the Registered Office of the

Company located in Pune however, during the year

under review, the meetings were held through video

Conferencing pursuant to amended Rule 4 of the

Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers)

Amendment Rules, 2020 as amended vide MCA

notifications dated March 19, 2020, June 23, 2020,

September 28, 2020 and December 30, 2020 due to

COVID-19 pandemic. The agenda for each meeting

is drafted by the Company Secretary in consultation

with the Chairman of the Board and circulated to

the Board members in advance. The Board meets at

least once every quarter to review and approve the

quarterly results and other items on the agenda.

In addition, the Board normally meets annually, for

discussions on the annual operating plan.

During the year, four Board meetings were held on

the following dates:

a)

May 27, 2020;

b)

August 3, 2020;

c)

October 21, 2020;

d)

January 28, 2021;

2.

Membership of Board committees

None of the Directors of the Company hold

membership of more than ten committees nor

Chairmanship of more than five committees of

boards of all the companies where he / she holds

directorships. (Please refer Table 1).

3.

Review of compliance reports

For monitoring and ensuring compliance

with applicable laws by the Company and its

subsidiaries located in and outside India and

for establishing adequate management control

over the compliances of all applicable acts, laws,

rules, regulations and regulatory requirements,

the Company has set-up a regulatory compliance

process within the organization. The CFO and the

Company Secretary of the Company presents a

quarterly compliance certificate before the Board of

Directors of the Company which reviews the same

on a quarterly basis in its Board Meetings.:

Managing Director to this effect is

provided in this Report.

J.

Vigil Mechanism and Whistle Blower Policy

In an effort to demonstrate the highest standards

of transparency, the Company has adopted the ‘Vigil

Mechanism’ and ‘Whistle Blower Policy’, which has

established a mechanism for employees to express

and report their concerns to the management in a

fearless manner about unethical behavior, fraud,

violation of the code of conduct or ethics. This

mechanism also provides for adequate safeguards

against victimization of employees who avail this

mechanism and also provide direct access to the

Chairman and members of the Audit Committee in

exceptional cases. This policy has been uploaded

on the website of the Company for effective

circulation and implementation. The purpose of this

policy is to establish procedures for the:

1.

receipt, retention and treatment of complaints

received by the Company regarding improper

activities, financial or otherwise, in the

Company and

2.

submission by Whistle Blower on a

confidential and / or anonymous basis, of

concerns regarding improper activities.

The purpose of this policy is also to state clearly

and unequivocally that the Company prohibits

discrimination, harassment and / or retaliation

against any Whistle Blower who:

1.

raises concerns against improper activities or

2.

provides information or otherwise assists

in an investigation or proceeding regarding

improper activities.

The Policy also aims to protect any Whistle Blower

who legitimately and in good faith raises concerns

or provides information against improper activities.

Everyone in the Company is responsible for

ensuring that the workplace is free from all forms

of discrimination, harassment and retaliation

prohibited by this policy. No employee or Director

of the Company has the authority to engage in any

conduct prohibited by this Policy.

II.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

During the year, the Board of Directors of the

Company continue to have five Committees viz -

Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration (HR)

Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee,

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and

Enterprise Risk Management Committee. All of these

Committees are chaired by Independent Directors.

The Board is responsible for constituting, co-opting

and fixing the terms of reference for the committees.

Normally, the Audit Committee and Nomination and

Remuneration (HR) Committee meet at least four

times a year. Stakeholders Relationship Committee,

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and

Enterprise Risk Management Committee meet at

least twice a year. Except where a statutory quorum

has been prescribed, the quorum for committee

meetings is either two members or one-third of

the total strength of the committee, whichever is

higher. Draft minutes of the committee meetings are

circulated to the members of those committee for

their comments and thereafter, confirmed in their

next meeting. The Board of Directors also take note

of the minutes of the committee meetings held in the

previous calendar quarter, at its meetings.

A.

Audit Committee

Composition

The Audit Committee consists of three Independent

directors. during the year under review, Chairperson

of the Audit Committee was changed from Mr.

Anant Talaulicar to Ms. Shubhalakshmi Panse.

Mr. Anant Talaulicar & Mr. B V R Subbu are the

other members of the Committee. All members

of this Committee are financially literate. A brief

profile of all the Committee members is provided

in ‘Additional Shareholders Information’ section

of this Annual Report. The Company Secretary is

the Secretary to the Committee. The Statutory

Auditors and the Internal Auditors also make their

presentations at the Committee meetings.:

Managing director (‘Non-Executive

Directors’), may be paid remuneration by way of

commission if the members of the Company, authorize

such payment. However, the remuneration paid to all

such Non-executive directors taken together should

be up to 1% of the net profit of the Company in any

relevant financial year, if the Company has a Managing

or a Whole-time Director or Manager. The Board of

Directors of the Company has approved a commission

of ₹ 14.15 million (previous year ₹ 13.10 million) to the

Non-executive Directors of the Company for the financial

year 2020-21. There is no other remuneration to the Non-

executive Independent directors, except Commission.

The details of remuneration to the Non-executive

Independent Directors for the financial year 2020-21 are

given in Table 10.:

Managing director:

letter dated 13 September

2019 and addendum to the engagement: letter dated

24 April 2021.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions

of Corporate Governance by KPIT Technologies

Limited (Erstwhile KPIT Engineering Limited) (“the

Company”), for the year ended 31 March 2021, as

stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i)

of regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of

Schedule V of the Securities Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time

(“Listing Regulations”) pursuant to the Listing

Agreement of the Company with Stock Exchanges.

Management’s Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated under the listing

regulations is the responsibility of the Company’s

Management including the preparation and

maintenance of all the relevant records and

documents. This responsibility includes the design,

implementation and maintenance of internal

control and procedures to ensure the compliance

with the conditions of Corporate Governance

stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditors’ Responsibility

4.

Our examination was limited to procedures and

implementation thereof, adopted by the Company

for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of

the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit

nor an expression of opinion on the financial

statements of the Company.

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing

Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide

a reasonable assurance whether the Company

has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for

the year ended 31 March 2021.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above

corporate governance compliance by the Company

in accordance with the Guidance Note on Reports

or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016)

and Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate

Governance both issued by the Institute of the

Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”), in so

far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate.

The Guidance Note requires that we comply with

the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics

issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control

(SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform

Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial

Information, and Other Assurance and Related

Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

In our opinion and to the best of our information

and according to the explanations given to us, we

certify that the Company has complied with the

conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated

in the above-mentioned Listing Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an

assurance as to the future viability of the Company

nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

Restriction on use

10.

The certificate is addressed and provided to the

Members of the Company solely for the purpose

of enabling the Company to comply with the

requirement of the Listing Regulations and should

not be used by any other person or for any other

purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume

any liability or any duty of care for any other

purpose or to any other person to whom this

certificate is shown or into whose hands it may

come without our prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

Swapnil Dakshindas

Partner

Date: 28 April 2021

Membership number: 113896

Place: Pune

ICAI UdIN: 21113896AAAACC8156

Managing Director and Priyamvada Hardikar, Chief Financial Officer of KPIT Technologies

Limited, (“the Company”) to the best of our knowledge and belief, certify that:-

A.

We have reviewed financial statements (consolidated and standalone) for the year April 1, 2020 to March 31,

2021 and to the best of our knowledge and belief:

(1)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain

statements that might be misleading;

(2)

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance

with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year

i.e. April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021 which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

C.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we

have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting

and we have disclosed to the auditors, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any,

of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

d.

We have indicated to the auditors

(1)

significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year i.e. April 1, 2020 to March 31,

2021.

(2)

significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the

notes to the financial statements.

(3)

instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of

the management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over

financial reporting.

Pune

Kishor Patil

Priyamvada Hardikar

April 28, 2021

CEO &: Managing director

Chief Financial Officer

letter has been attached to this report requesting all the shareholders who’s email addresses are

not registered with their depository participants or our Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, KFin Technologies

Private Limited or with the Company to update their email addresses.

25.

Board members’ profiles:

The Board of Directors of the Company consists of executive and non-executive members. The present Board

consists of following members:

Co-Founder & Chairman

Mr. S. B. (Ravi) Pandit is the Co-founder and Chairman of KPIT Technologies Limited. His vision as the founder

of KPIT has steered the Company toward achieving leadership position as product engineering and IT consulting

solutions and services provider, to three industries namely automotive & transportation, manufacturing and

energy & utilities. He has been instrumental in shaping KPIT’s vertical focus strategy and building a unique

partnership model based on the tenets of innovation and sustainable development.:

Managing Director

Mr. Kishor Patil is the Co-founder,: Managing

Managing Director of the Cummins Group in India from March 2004 through October 2017, was

a member of the Cummins Inc. global leadership team from August 2009 till October 2017 and the President:

Managing Director

of Tata Cummins Private Limited, a 50:50 joint venture between Cummins Inc. and Tata Motors Limited. He

has chaired the boards of four other Cummins legal entities in India as well. He worked as a financial analyst,

manufacturing engineer, project manager, product manager, strategy manager before taking various general

management positions. Since 2004, he has also led the Cummins India Foundation which has implemented

sustainable community initiatives such as model villages and higher education. He has served as a member

of the Confederation of Indian Industries, Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers and Automobile

Components Manufacturers Association in the past. Mr. Talaulicar is now on the board of seven companies in

India, teaches on the subject of leadership part time at the S P Jain Institute of Management & Research and

sponsors the Usha Jaivant Foundation that funds financially disadvantaged rural students through college along

with providing them with life effectiveness skills.

Mr. B V R Subbu is an automotive industry expert and a widely acknowledged thought leader. He holds a post

graduate degree in Economics from Jawaharlal Nehru University and a post graduate diploma from the Indian

Institute of Foreign Trade. He was formerly the President of Hyundai Motors India. In his early career he was

extensively involved with Tata Motors holding various responsibilities in Tata Motors’ Commercial Vehicles and

Multi Utility Vehicles businesses.

Dr. Nickhil Jakatdar is currently the CEO of GenePath Diagnostics, a molecular diagnostics company. Prior

to that he was the CEO and co-founder of Vuclip, a global leader in the Video-on-Demand space. Previously,

he founded and ran various startups, such as Timbre Technologies (acquired by Tokyo Electron), Command

CAD (acquired by Cadence Design Systems) and Praesagus (acquired by Cadence Design Systems). He is also

the founding member of the Bhau Institute of Innovation, Entrepreneurship and Leadership in Pune and is

an investor and advisor to Campfire Labs (acquired by Groupon), flutter.io (acquired by Google), Bash Gaming

(acquired by GSN), Shoptimize, PayActiv, Viewics (acquired by Roche), Jombay, Mezi (acquired by American

Express), Zeni.ai, Climate.ai, Genies, Matician, and the US second division soccer team, Oakland Roots, among

others. He has been the recipient of the Lifetime Achievement Award from College of Engineering, Pune, the

Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers‘ (IEEE) Best Paper Award in Transactions on Semiconductor

Manufacturing and the Berkeley Distinguished Pioneer Award. He has to his credit more than 20 conference

papers and more than 60 issued patents. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from the

College of Engineering, Pune and a master’s degree and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science

from the University of California, Berkeley.

Ms. Shubhalakshmi Panse holds a M.Sc. degree from Pune University, D.B.M. (Diploma in Business Management),

M.M.S (Master’s in Management Sciences with specialization in Financial Management), Pune University and

M.B.A. (Master’s in Business Administration with specialization in Bank Management) drexel University, USA and

C.A.I.I.B (Certified Associate of Indian Institute of Bankers). She was appointed as Chairman &: Managing Director,

Allahabad Bank on 1st October 2012 and superannuated on 31st January 2014. Prior to this appointment, she was

the Executive Director of Vijaya Bank for 34 months. Ms. Panse was also the

Managing director and Mr. Sachin Tikekar,

Whole-time Director which was approved by the

members of the Company by resolution passed

at the Annual General Meeting held on August 28,

2019 subject to the limit being increased by this

resolution under section 197 of the Companies Act,

2013 and Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant clause (ii) of

the second proviso to sub section (1) of section 197:

managing director, whole-time director and manager, if

any, in respect of any financial year may exceed 11% of

the net profits of the Company, provided the same is

approved by the members of the Company with requisite

majority. This is an enabling provision introduced by the

Parliament recently in section 197 of the Companies Act,

2013.

Current limits are applicable to profits of the Standalone

entity. Our experience is that the Consolidated profits are

160% of the profits of the Standalone entity. The Board

of Directors supervises entire operations of the Company

in its consolidated form. The Executive Directors manage

the operations of the consolidated entities structure of

the Company and not just the Standalone entity. The

Dividend pay-out ratio for distribution to shareholders is

also worked out on the basis of the Consolidated Profits

of the Company.

The current applicable legal provisions restrict the

calculations with reference only to Standalone entity

Profits and the same are not in alignment with actual

operations handled by the Company. We therefore, are

seeking to incorporate this difference by appropriately

expanding the limits as they are applied to the

Standalone entity. The upward revision in the limits

will also help us to appropriately remunerate directors,

both Executive and Non-executive Directors who

can be based abroad and for whom different level of

remuneration is expected to be paid.

Pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration (HR) Committee, the Board of Directors

of the Company in its meeting held on June 21, 2021,

recommended to increase the overall maximum limit

of managerial remuneration payable by the Company in

respect of any financial year from 11% to 17% of the net

profits of the Company, computed in the manner as laid

down in section 198 of the Act.

Further, as regards the remuneration of managing

director, whole-time director and manager, as per

the provisions of Section 197 of the Act, read with

schedule v and the rules made thereunder, the total

managerial remuneration payable by a Company to

its directors, including: managing director, whole-time

director and manager, if any, in respect of any financial

year may exceed 5% or 10% of the net profits of

the Company, provided the same is approved by the

members of the Company with requisite majority. This

is an enabling provision introduced by the Parliament

recently in section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013. At

the same time, companies are now permitted to pay

their managing directors and whole-time directors

remuneration in excess of the limit of 5% or 10% of net

profits in any financial year, subject to the approval of

members of the Company by special resolution.

Pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration (HR) Committee, the Board of

Letter etc., authorizing its

representative to attend the AGM through

VC / OAVM on its behalf and to cast its

vote through remote e-voting. together

with attested specimen signature(s) of the

duly authorised representative(s), to the

Scrutinizer at email id jbbhave@gmail.com

with a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com.

The scanned image of the above-mentioned

documents should be in the naming format

“Corporate Name_EvEN No.”:

letter providing the email address,

mobile number, self-attested PAN copy and

Client Master copy in case of electronic

folio and copy of share certificate in case of

physical folio for sending the Annual report,

Notice of AGM and the e-voting instructions.

iii.

After receiving the e-voting instructions,

please follow all steps above to cast your vote

by electronic means.

Details on Step 3 are mentioned below:

iii.

Instructions for all the shareholders, including

Individual, other than Individual and Physical, for

attending the AGM of the Company through VC/

OAvM and e-voting during the meeting (“Instapoll”).

i.

Member will be provided with a facility to

attend the AGM through VC / OAVM platform

provided by KFintech. Members may access

the same at https://emeetings.kfintech.

com/ by using the e-voting login credentials

provided in the email received from the

KFintech. After logging in, click on the Video

Conference tab and select the EVEN of the

Company. Click on the video symbol and

accept the meeting etiquettes to join the

meeting.

Please note that the members who do not

have the User ID and Password for e-Voting

or have forgotten the User ID and Password

may retrieve the same by following the remote

e-Voting instructions mentioned above.

ii.

The Members can join the e-AGM 15 minutes

before and after the scheduled time of the

commencement of the Meeting by following

the procedure mentioned in the Notice

iii.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting

through Laptops/ Desktops with Google

Chrome (preferred browser), Safari, Internet

Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox 22.

iv.

Members will be required to grant access to

the webcam to enable VC / OAVM. Further,

Members connecting from Mobile Devices

or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via

Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video

loss due to fluctuation in their respective

network. It is therefore recommended to use

Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate

any kind of aforesaid glitches.

v.

The Members who have not cast their vote

through remote e-voting shall be eligible

to cast their vote through e-voting system

available during the AGM. E-voting during

the AGM is integrated with the VC / OAVM

platform. The Members may click on the

voting icon displayed on the screen to cast

their votes.

vi.

A Member can opt for only single mode of

voting i.e., through Remote e-voting or voting

at the AGM. If a Member casts votes by both

modes, then voting done through Remote

e-voting shall prevail and vote at the AGM

shall be treated as invalid.

vii.

Institutional Members are encouraged to

attend and vote at the AGM through VC /

OAvM.:

Managing Director

Sachin Tikekar

-

President & Whole-time Director

Anup Sable

-

Chief Technology Officer

Vinit Teredesai

-

Chief Financial Officer (upto June 12, 2020)

Priyamvada Hardikar

-

Sr. Vice President and Head Finance (w.e.f. June 12, 2020)

Pankaj Sathe

-

President – Europe

Rajesh Janwadkar

-

Executive Vice President, Passenger Cars and Global Practices

Rajeeb Nath

-

Executive Vice President, US

Chinmay Pandit

-

Executive Vice President, Commercial Vehicles

Pushpahas Joshi

-

Executive Vice President, New Mobility

Members are requested to follow the

instructions provided in the Notice of

4th Annual General Meeting in

order to attend the AGM via video

conferencing and to e-vote.

Cut-off date: Wednesday, August 18, 2021

Remote e-Voting Period:

1.

Friday, August 20, 2021 at 1.00 p.m. to

Tuesday, August 24, 2021 at 5.00 p.m.

2.

During the AGM (“Instapoll”)

Read this Annual Report online

www.kpit.com

4th Annual General

Meeting

Wednesday, August 25, 2021

10.30 AM IST

video conferencing and e-voting

https://emeetings.kfintech.com:

