letter dated June 14, 2021 informing you about the 9th Annual General

Meeting (AGM) of the Company which is scheduled to be held on Friday, July 16, 2021 at 4.30

p.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”).

Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement)

Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith a copy of the Annual Report for financial year 2020-21,

along with the Notice of 9th Annual General Meeting (AGM) for your records. The said Annual

Report is being sent from today to the shareholders through electronic mode, whose email ids are

registered with the Company/Depositories. The same is also made available on the Company’s

website at https://www.ltts.com/investors/financial-information.

We request you take above intimation on records.

Thanking you,

Yours sincerely,

For L&T Technology Services Limited

Kapil Bhalla

Company Secretary

(M. No. F3485):

Managing Director’s

Message

14

Board of Directors

19

Engineering for Scale

24

Success Stories

27

Performance Highlights

28

Global Presence

29

Human Resource Initiatives

30

Community Initiatives

31

Awards and Recognitions

32

Corporate Information

Scan the above QR code to reach our

Investor Communications:

Dear Shareholders,

I am addressing you at a time when the world is gradually

coming to grips with the second and more virulent wave

of Covid 19. I hope that you and your loved ones are

continuing to follow all precautions and ensuring safety

and well-being. Looking ahead, with the progressive

rollout of vaccines and emergence of new drugs, I am

confident that the worst is behind us.

While the past couple of years have undoubtedly

witnessed challenges on multiple fronts, it must be said

that on the positive side, the crisis has brought out the

most empowering aspects of technology, viz., its ‘power

to do good’. It is technology which has saved lives and

livelihoods and made it possible for countries around the

world to achieve some measure of business continuity.

I believe that technology also holds the key to a robust

economic revival.

Engineering for Scale: The 2021 Perspective

As we prepare to mark the fifth year of the Company’s

listing, I am happy that LTTS has built further on its core

engineering legacy drawn from parent company Larsen &

Toubro. Led by the twin engines of sustained R&D focus

and a culture that encourages innovative and out-of-the-

box thinking, your Company now offers a wide canvas of

engineering solutions and offerings.

Your Company also continues to expand its footprint

in emerging future-facing technologies, such as Voice-

as-a-Service. In this segment, LTTS has partnered with

Amazon to support voice integration for the Alexa

ecosystem spanning different domains and industries.

Er&D sector poised to take-off

The strong and sustained economic stimulus measures

already announced by the developed nations, including,

USA, Europe and Japan, augur well for the prospects

of engineering services companies. The effects of these

stimulus packages, including those in the pipeline, could

well prove to be a gamechanger for the world economy.

The policy measures announced by the Indian

government are in step with the global trends and critical

to help industry and the economy recover lost ground.

led by the twin engines of sustained

r&d focus and a culture that

encourages innovative and out-of-the-

box thinking, ltts offers a wide canvas

of engineering solutions and offerings.:

Dear Shareholders,

I hope you and your families are safe and healthy. I am pleased to

present to you LTTS’ annual report for the fiscal year ended March 31,

2021, my first as the CEO &: Managing

Managing Director of Larsen & Toubro.

In addition, he is Vice Chairman on the Board

of Larsen & Toubro Infotech Limited and

Non-Executive Chairman of L&T Metro Rail

(Hyderabad) Limited.

Mr. Subrahmanyan, or SNS as he is popularly

known in industry circles, took over the reins

in July 2017 having previously, as Deputy: Managing Director and President, L&T, headed

the construction business of the group.

At the helm, SNS leads the varied businesses

of L&T to chart a new growth trajectory,

leveraging the potential of digitalization, big

data, and predictive analytics that he drives

internally with consistency and meticulous

planning. With a degree in civil engineering

and post-graduation in business management,

SNS commenced his professional journey with

L&T in 1984 as a project planning engineer.

S. N. Subrahmanyan

Vice

Managing Director of LTTS, responsible for

providing business and technology leadership,

market direction and strategic vision to drive

the Company’s performance.

Mr. Chadha was previously Deputy CEO &

Whole Time Director, running the gamut

of business operations, delivery and sales

and marketing at LTTS and preparing the

technology roadmap for the Company’s future.

Mr. Chadha led LTTS’ executive management

team that oversaw the organization’s business

and strategy implementation.

Mr. Chadha has always been passionate

about helping global R&D customers and

Fortune 500 companies leverage LTTS’ digital

engineering offerings for their strategic

differentiation and product development. He

joined LTTS in 2009, as the Business Head of

Americas. Over the years, he has progressively

taken on increased responsibility for the

Company’s business worldwide and helped in

its growth, both organically and

via acquisitions.

Amit Chadha

CEO &: Managing

Managing Director of LTTS on January 21,

2016. Dr. Panda led L&T Technology Services

through a high-profile Initial Public Offering

(IPO) in India and successfully listed the

Company on the National Stock Exchange

and the Bombay Stock Exchange.

Dr. keshab Panda

Non-Executive Director

He transformed LTTS into a company focused

on innovation and new technology, leading

CII to recognize the Company as one of the

most innovative Indian companies in the

Services category.

Dr. Panda obtained a graduate degree

in Aeronautical Engineering from Anna

University, Chennai, and a post graduate

degree in Aerospace Engineering from Indian

Institute of Science, Bangalore. He obtained

his Doctor of Philosophy from the Indian

Institute of Technology, Bombay in Aero Servo

Elasticity – (Control system fly by wire aircraft).

He also holds an advanced management

degree from the Aresty Institute of

Executive Education, The Wharton School,

University of Pennsylvania.

Dr. Panda started his career as a Research

Scientist in Indian Space Research

Organization and worked at the Aeronautical

Development Agency, Ministry of Defense,

Government of India, as a scientist/engineer

for over 8 years.

Dr. Panda is based out of New Jersey, USA.

His other previous leadership roles include

President – Americas, Mahindra Satyam

& Head of Europe Operations, Satyam

Computer Services Limited.:

Managing Director

mr. Abhishek

COO and Whole-Time Director

Dr. keshab Panda

Non-Executive Director

mr. Samir Desai

Independent Director

mr. Narayanan kumar

Independent Director

mr. Sudip banerjee

Independent Director

ms. Apurva Purohit

Independent Director

mr. r. Chandrasekaran

Independent Director

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Rajeev Gupta

Company Secretary

Mr. Kapil Bhalla

registered Office

L&T House, N.M. Marg, Ballard Estate,

Mumbai - 400 001

Corporate Office

West Block-II, L&T Knowledge City (IT/ITES) SEZ,

N.H. No. 8, Ajwa Waghodia Crossing,

Vadodara - 390 019

CIN No.

L72900MH2012PLC232169

Website

www.LTTS.com

Auditors

Sharp & Tannan

registrar & Share Transfer Agent

Kfin Technologies Private Limited

(www.kfintech.com):

MANAGING DIRECTOR

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without

modification(s), the following resolution as an ORDINARY

RESOLUTION:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 196, 197 and

other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act,

2013 read with Schedule V of the said Act and the rules

made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s)

or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force),

approval of the members be and is hereby granted for

revision in remuneration of Mr. Amit Chadha as Chief

Executive Officer &: Managing

Letter etc., together with attested specimen

signature(s) of the duly authorised representative(s), to the

Scrutinizer at alwyn.co@gmail.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in and the Company at investor@ltts.com.

The scanned image of the above mentioned documents

should be in the naming format “L&T Technology Services

Limited 9th AGM”.

9)

In terms of the MCA Circulars and in the view of the

Board of Directors, all matters included in this Notice are

unavoidable and hence are proposed to be approved

at this AGM. Relevant documents referred to in the

accompanying Notice calling the AGM will be made

available for electronic inspection by the Members upon

sending the email to the Company at investor@ltts.com

upto the date of the AGM. The said documents will

be available for electronic inspection for the Members

without any fee.

10) At the 6th AGM held on August 22, 2018, the Members

approved appointment of M/s Sharp & Tannan Chartered

Accountants

(ICAI

Registration

No.109982W),

as

Statutory Auditors of the Company to hold office for a

period of four years from the conclusion of that AGM till

the conclusion of the 10th AGM, subject to ratification

of their appointment by Members at every AGM, if so

required under the Act. The requirement to place the

matter relating to appointment of auditors for ratification

by Members at every AGM has been done away by

the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2017 with effect

from May 7, 2018. Accordingly, no resolution is being

proposed for ratification of appointment of statutory

auditors at this AGM.

11) Since the AGM will be held through VC/OAVM, the

Route Map is not annexed in this Notice.

12) The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books of

the Company will remain closed from Saturday, July 10,

2021 to Friday, July 16, 2021 (both days inclusive).

13) Members holding shares in physical form are requested

to furnish bank details, e-mail address, change of address

etc. to the Company’s Registrar & Share Transfer Agents:

KFin Technologies Private Limited, Selenium Tower B,

Plot Nos. 31-32, Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad, Telangana 500 032,

so as to reach them latest by Friday, July 9, 2021, in

order to take note of the same. In respect of Members

holding shares in electronic mode, the details as would

be furnished by the Depositories as at the close of the

aforesaid date will be considered by the Company.

Hence, Members holding shares in demat mode should

update their records at the earliest.

14) There are no amounts which were required to be

transferred to the Investor Education and Protection

Fund by the Company. Members who have not encashed

their dividend warrants/demand drafts pertaining to the

year 2016-17, 2017-18, 2018-19, 2019-20 and interim

dividend of 2020-21 may approach the Company/RTA,

for obtaining payments thereof.

15) Final Dividend if approved by the Members at this

Meeting will be directly credited to the bank accounts of

the shareholders as on the Record Date i.e. Friday, July 9,

2021 as per the details available with the Company within

the prescribed timelines. In case of shareholders who

have not registered their bank details with the Company,

dividend warrants/cheque/demand drafts will be sent to

them in due course of time and upon normalization of

postal services.

16) The Company has designated an exclusive e-mail id viz.

investor@ltts.com to enable Investors to register their

complaints, if any.

17) SEBI has mandated securities of listed companies can be

transferred only in dematerialized form with effect from

April 1, 2019. In view of the above and to avail various

benefits of dematerialisation, Members are advised to

dematerialize shares that are held by them in physical

form.

18) In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on

e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode are

allowed to vote through their demat account maintained

with

Depositories

and

Depository

Participants.

Shareholders are required to update their mobile number

and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to

access e-Voting facility.

19) Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not

registered with the Depositories for procuring user id and

35

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

01-32

33-126

127-255

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS:

letter of re-appointment of

Mr. Narayanan Kumar as an Independent Director setting out

the terms and conditions will be open for electronic inspection

without any fees by the Members upto the date of the AGM.

Disclosures as required under SS-2 on General Meetings are

provided as an Annexure to this Notice.

The Board recommends approval for the re-appointment

of Mr. Narayanan Kumar as an Independent Director by the

Members through Special Resolution set forth in Item No.

5 of the Notice.

Except Mr. Narayanan Kumar, being the appointee, none of

the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company,

including their relatives, are in any way concerned or interested

in the resolution set out at Item No. 5.

Item No. 6

The shareholders of the Company through a Postal Ballot on

March 3, 2021 had approved the appointment of Mr. Amit

Chadha as Chief Executive Officer &: Managing

Managing Director of the

Company, are as specified in the Amendment Agreement

entered into with him and the details of the remuneration

payable to Mr. Amit Chadha with effect from April 1,

2021 are as under:

Particulars

Existing

Remuneration (Upto

March 31, 2021)

Revised

Remuneration

(w.e.f. April 1, 2021)

Base Salary

USD 4,55,000/- p.a

USD 5,00,500/- p.a.

Conveyance

& Telephone

Allowance

USD 10,000/- p.a

-

Variable

Remuneration*

Upto

USD 3,00,000/-p.a

Upto

USD 2,00,000/- p.a.

Commission on

Profit at the sole

discretion of the

Company

-

0.1% of the Standalone

Profit after Tax,

calculated as per the

Companies Act, 2013

*As per the performance criteria mentioned in the contract

of employment.

Notes:-

1.

The Total Remuneration mentioned above may be revised as per

the Company’s policy subject to annual increment upto 4%, as

may be decided by the Board of Directors upon recommendation

of NRC. However, the total remuneration shall not exceed the

limits approved by the Members and prescribed under Section

197 read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013.

2.

Will be entitled to all other benefits, perquisites, as may be

applicable as per Company policy.

Brief Profile of Mr. Amit Chadha:

Mr. Amit Chadha is the Chief Executive Officer & Managing

Director of L&T Technology Services Limited and is responsible

for providing business & technology leadership, market direction

and strategic vision to drive the Company’s global performance.

Mr. Amit Chadha was previously the Deputy CEO & Whole Time

Director, and was running the gamut of business operations,

delivery and sales & marketing at LTTS, and preparing the

technology roadmap for the Company’s future. Mr. Amit

Chadha has been leading the LTTS’ executive management

team that oversees the organization’s business and strategy

implementation.

Mr. Amit Chadha has always been passionate about helping

global R&D customers and Fortune 500 companies leverage

L&T Technology Services’ digital engineering offerings for

their strategic differentiation and product development.

He joined LTTS in 2009, as its Business Head of Americas.

Over the years, he has progressively taken on increased

responsibility for the Company’s business worldwide and

helped in its growth, both organically and via acquisitions.

As a core member of the LTTS leadership team, Mr. Amit

Chadha has been instrumental in driving the Company

through a high-profile Initial Public Offering (IPO) in India and

successfully listing it on the National Stock Exchange and the

Bombay Stock Exchange.

Mr. Amit Chadha’s career which spans over two decades

in core engineering & information technology outsourcing,

is marked with significant achievements. He has managed

P&L for multiple business units, spearheaded organization-

wide strategic initiatives and led business development and

relationship management activities worldwide.

Mr. Amit Chadha is an electrical & electronics engineer who

has done his Global Business Leadership Executive Program

with Harvard Business School Publishing. He has also done

an Advanced Management Program in Business Leadership

from INSEAD, France. Mr. Chadha is currently based in

Washington DC.

Disclosures as required under SS-2 on General Meetings are

provided as an Annexure to this Notice.

The Addendum Agreement entered into between the

Company and Mr. Amit Chadha, Chief Executive Officer and: Managing

Managing Director by the Members through Ordinary

Resolution set forth in Item No. 6 of the Notice.

Except Mr. Amit Chadha, being the appointee, none of the

Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company,

including their relatives, are in any way concerned or interested

in the Resolution set out in Item No. 6.

Item No. 7

Mr. A. M. Naik has been associated with Larsen & Toubro

Limited for over five decades. Mr. Naik has also played a key role

in the formation and development of L&T Technology Services

Limited to its current position of strength and as a Leading

Pureplay Company and in establishing its position in Europe

and US, apart from guiding the top management team and

getting the Company listed on the Stock Exchanges. Mr. Naik

has been awarded the Bharat Ratna award by the Government

of India and has also been awarded four doctorates and

numerous awards from institutions and industry. He has also

served as the Chairman of IIM Ahmedabad. Mr. A. M. Naik

has been the Non-Executive Director of the Company since

June 27, 2014 and has been the Non-Executive Chairman

since October 17, 2014. Mr. Naik has attained the age of

75 years, as on October 1, 2017. After his superannuation

as the Group Executive Chairman of Larsen & Toubro,

Mr. Naik has continued as the Non-Executive Chairman of

the Company.

The Board of Directors of the Company, on the

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and taking into account the need for providing

advice, guidance and mentorship to the Company’s executive

management, considering the complexity of the Company’s

business, approved the appointment/continuation of Mr. A.

M. Naik as Non-Executive Chairman of the Company.

Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) (Amendment) Regulations, 2018,

effective from April 1, 2019, require a company to obtain the

approval of shareholders by passing a special resolution for

the appointment/continuation of any Non-Executive Director

who has attained the age of seventy-five years.

Disclosure as required under SS-2 on General Meetings are

provided as an Annexure to the Notice.

The Board recommends approval of the appointment/

continuation of Mr. A. M. Naik as the Non-Executive Director

by the Members through Special Resolution set forth in Item

No. 7 of the Notice.

Except Mr. A. M. Naik, none of the Directors or Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company including their relatives

are in anyway concerned or interested in the Resolution set

out in Item No. 7.

By Order of the Board of Directors

For L&T TECHNOLOGY SERVICES LIMITED

KAPIL BHALLA

Company Secretary

(M. No. F 3485)

Date: May 3, 2021

Place: Mumbai

43

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

01-32

33-126

127-255

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS:

Managing Director of the Company which was

originally upto January 9, 2021 was extended up to

March 31, 2021 and further he was appointed as a

Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect

from April 1, 2021; same was approved by way of

Postal Ballot by the shareholders of the Company

on March 3, 2021.

c.

Mr. Amit Chadha’s tenure as Deputy Chief Executive

Officer and Whole-Time Director of the Company

which was originally upto January 31, 2021 was

extended upto March 31, 2021 and further he

was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer &: Managing

Managing Director.

c.

Mr. P. Ramakrishnan resigned as Chief Financial

Officer of the Company on July 19, 2020. He moved

back to the parent company i.e Larsen & Toubro

Limited as part of a pre-defined career progression

plan and role rotation policy.

The Board places on record its appreciation for the

contribution made by the aforesaid Directors and the KMP.

The notice convening the AGM includes the proposal for

appointment / re-appointment of Directors.

The Company has also disclosed on its website

https://www.ltts.com/investors/corporate-governance

of

the familiarization programs formulated to educate the

Directors regarding their roles, rights and responsibilities

in the Company and the nature of the industry in

which the Company operates, the business model of

the Company, etc.

number of Meetings of the Board of Directors

This information is given in Annexure ‘D’ Report on Corporate

Governance forming part of this Board Report. Members are

requested to refer to page no. 67 of this Annual Report.

Audit Committee

The Company has in place an Audit Committee in terms of the

requirements of Section 177 of the Act read with rules made

thereunder and Regulation 18 of LODR.

Currently, the Committee comprises of 3 Independent

Directors namely, Mr. N. Kumar-Chairman, Mr. Samir Desai

and Ms. Apurva Purohit as Members.

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are in line with

the provisions of the Act read with the rules made thereunder

and Regulation 18 and Schedule II of the LODR.

During the year under review 4 meetings were held on May 14,

2020, July 16, 2020, October 19, 2020 and January 20, 2021.

The details relating to the same are given in Annexure ‘D’

Report on Corporate Governance forming part of this Board

Report. Members are requested to refer to page no. 71 of

this Annual Report.

Company Policy on Directors’ Appointment and

Remuneration

The Company has in place a Nomination and Remuneration

Committee (NRC) in accordance with the requirements of

Section 178 of the Act read with rules made thereunder and

Regulation 19 of LODR.

The details of the same are given in Annexure ‘D’ - Report

on Corporate Governance forming part of this Board

Report. Members are requested to refer to page no. 74 of

this Annual Report.

50:

Managing Director

Vice Chairman

(DIN: 07076149)

(DIN: 02255382)

Place: Washington, USA

Place: Mumbai, India

Date : May 3, 2021

Date : May 3, 2021

54:

Managing Director of the Company upto and including March 31, 2021.

3.

Provide the web-link where composition of csr committee, csr Policy and csr projects approved by

the board are disclosed on the website of the company.

Composition of CSR Committee -

https://www.ltts.com/sites/default/files/investors/corporate-gov/pdf/Composition_of_Committees_LTTS.PDF

CSR Policy & CSR projects - https://www.ltts.com/about-us/csr

4.

Provide the details of Impact assessment of csr projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of

rule 8 of the companies (corporate social responsibility Policy) rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the

report).

There are no projects that qualify for impact assessment report for FY2020-21, hence no impact assessment has

been carried out.

5.

Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the companies

(corporate social responsibility Policy) rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial

year, if any

sr.

no.

Financial year

Amount available for

set-off from preceding financial years

(in ` mn)

Amount required to be

set-off for the financial year, if any

(in ` mn)

1.

2020-21

145.19

Nil

totAl

145.19

6.

Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5): ` 7800 million

7.

(a)

two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5): ` 156 million

(b)

surplus arising out of the csr projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years. - NIL

(c)

Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: Although, the Company was eligible to set off the

amount mentioned in the table 5 above, it was decided not to avail this set off in FY 2020-21. The Company may avail

this set off in subsequent financial years as per the provisions under the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility

Policy) Rules, 2014 as amended from time to time.

(d)

total csr obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c): ` 156 million

62:

Managing Director)

(Chairman CSR Committee)

65

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

01-32

33-126

127-255

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS:

Managing Director and the Executive

Directors and Part B is for members of board and senior

management. In addition, the Company has adopted a Code

of Conduct for its non-executive directors which includes

Code of Conduct for Independent Directors which suitably

incorporates the duties of independent directors as laid down

in the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”).

corporate governance guidelines

The Company’s essential character revolves around values

based on transparency, integrity, professionalism and

accountability. The Company is committed towards maximizing

shareholders value, ensuring fairness and building trust with

shareholders, employees, customers, service providers and

other stakeholders. The Management continuously strives

to follow the global best practices and timely disclosure of

accurate information pertaining to financials & performance

in accordance with good governance practices.

Further, in order to strengthen the corporate governance

culture within the Company, training and awareness

program on Corporate Governance and related policies for

employees is also initiated by the Company since 2017-18. The

Company has a strong legacy of fair, transparent and ethical

governance practices.

board of Directors

a.

composition of the board:

The Board of Directors along with its committees possess

varied skills and expertise and have diverse background

which enables them to provide requisite leadership

and guidance to the Company’s senior management

team and also direct, supervise and closely monitor the

performance of the Company.

The Company’s policy is to have an appropriate mix of

Executive, Non-Executive & Independent Directors. As

on March 31, 2021, the Board comprises of 10 Directors,

of which, 3 are Executive Directors, 2 are Non-Executive

Directors and 5 are Independent Directors. The Board

is chaired by Mr. A. M. Naik, Non-Executive Chairman.

The composition of the Board is in conformity with the

provisions of the Act and Regulation 17 of the LODR.

Further, w.e.f. April 1, 2021, the Board comprises of 10

Directors, of which, 2 are Executive Directors, 3 are Non-

Executive Directors and 5 are Independent Directors.

The Board Members are not related to each other.

The number of Directorships held by Executive, Non-

Executive and Independent Directors are within the

permissible limits under LODR and Act. The Directors

have provided necessary disclosures regarding change

in Committee positions, if any, during the year. Further,

none of the Directors on the Company’s Board is a

member of more than 10 Committees and chairperson

of more than 5 Committees across all public limited

companies during the year.

66:

Managing Director of the Company.

Senior Management Personnel are invited, as and when

necessary, to the meetings to provide additional inputs

for the items being discussed by the Board of Directors.

The respective Chairman of the Board Committees

apprise the Board Members of the important issues and

discussions in the Committee Meetings. The minutes of

Committee meetings are also circulated to the Board. In

case of urgent matters, resolutions are also passed by

circulation, for such matters as permitted by law and

taken on record in the immediate next meeting.

The proceedings of the meetings of the Board of

Directors are noted and the draft minutes are circulated

amongst the Members of the Board for their perusal.

Comments, if any, received from the Directors are also

incorporated in the Minutes, in consultation with the

Chairman. The minutes are approved and entered in

the minutes book within 30 days of the Board meeting.

Thereafter the minutes are signed and dated by the

Chairman of the Board.

The Board of Directors takes note of the minutes of

the committee meetings held in the previous quarter,

at its meetings. The Board also takes note of the gist

of discussions/decisions taken in the meetings of the

subsidiary companies.

The following is the composition of the Board of Directors as on March 31, 2021. The Directors strive to attend all the

Board/Committee meetings. Their attendance at the Meetings held during the year and at the last Annual General

Meeting was as under:

name of Director

category

meetings held

during the year

no. of board

meetings

Attended

Attendance at

last Agm

Mr. A. M. Naik

Non-Executive Chairman

5

5

YES

Mr. S. N. Subrahmanyan

Non-Executive Vice-Chairman

5

5

YES

Dr. Keshab Panda1

Chief Executive Officer &: Managing

Managing Director upto and including March 31, 2021.

2 Appointed as Chief Executive Officer &: Managing Director w.e.f. April 1, 2021. Earlier Deputy CEO & Whole-Time Director upto and

including March 31, 2021.

3 Re-appointed as Independent Director w.e.f. January 21, 2021.

4 Ceased to be Independent Director w.e.f. October 27, 2020.

5 Appointed as Independent Director w.e.f. October 19, 2020.

notes:

1.

None of the above Directors are related inter-se.

2.

None of the Directors hold the office of director in more than the permissible number of companies under section 165

of the Act or Regulation 17A of the LODR.

During the year under review, Mr. Arjun Gupta ceased to be Independent Director of the Company on account of completion

of his term of office.

The names of the listed entities (whose equity and debt securities are listed) wherein the Director holds directorships as on

March 31, 2021 are as follows:

name of Director

names of listed entities where the

Director holds Directorship

category of

Directorship

Mr. A. M. Naik

Larsen & Toubro Limited

Larsen & Toubro Infotech Limited

L&T Technology Services Limited

Mindtree Limited

Non-Executive

Managing Director upto and including March 31, 2021. Appointed as Non-Executive Director w.e.f. April 1, 2021.

2 Deputy CEO & Whole-Time Director upto and including March 31, 2021. Appointed as Chief Executive Officer &: Managing Director

w.e.f. April 1, 2021.

3 Re-appointed as Independent Director w.e.f. January 21, 2021.

4Appointed as Independent Director w.e.f. October 19, 2020.

As on March 31, 2021, the number of other Directorships & Memberships /

Managing Director, COO &

Whole-Time Director and CFO of the Company are

permanent invitees to the Meetings of Audit Committee.

Statutory and Internal Auditors or their representatives

are permanent invitees to the meetings of the

Committee. Further, Senior Management Personnel

are invited, as and when necessary to the meetings to

provide additional inputs for the items being discussed

by the Audit Committee. The Company Secretary is

the Secretary to the Committee. The Chairman of the

Audit Committee also has discussions with Internal

Auditors and Statutory Auditors without presence of

the management.

•

Internal Audit:

M/s. Aneja Associates are the Internal Auditors of the

Company. From time to time, they review Company’s

systems

of

internal

controls

covering

financial,

operational, compliance, IT applications, etc. and

presentations are made to the Audit Committee on

quarterly basis covering the scope of their audit and their

findings. To maintain its objectivity and independence,

the Internal Auditor reports to the Chairman of the Audit

Committee and significant audit observations, comments

and corrective actions thereon are presented to the Audit

Committee in its meeting. The Board of Directors had

appointed M/s. Aneja Associates as the Internal Auditors

of the Company for a period of 3 years commencing

from May 3, 2017 to May 2, 2020. During the year under

73

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

01-32

33-126

127-255

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS:

Managing Director$

42.05

-

92.37

13.12

3.29

150.83

Mr. Amit Chadha2,

Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Whole Time

Director$

28.03

-

57.72

-

9.14

94.89

Mr. Abhishek,

COO and Whole Time Director

9.05

0.14

2.94

-

1.49

13.62

* Represents the perquisite value related to ESOPs exercised during the year in respect of stock options granted over the past several

years by the Company and includes tax on ESOPs borne by the Company wherever applicable.

$ Dr. Keshab Panda and Mr. Amit Chadha have been paid remuneration in USD. Accordingly, the figures mentioned in INR are

equivalent to USD.

1 Appointed as a Non-Executive Director w.e.f. April 1, 2021.

2 Appointed as Chief Executive Officer &: Managing

Managing Director and

Mr. Rajeev Gupta, Chief Financial Officer as its members.

The majority of members including the Chairman of the

Committee are Board members. During the year under

review, the RMC was re-constituted by inducting Mr. R.

Chandrasekaran as a Chairman, Mr. Amit Chadha and

Mr. Rajeev Gupta as Members. The said re-constitution

was done due to the changes in the board structure/CFO.

•

Meetings

During the year the Risk Management Committee met 2

(Two) times on May 14, 2020 and October 16, 2020.

name of Director

Position

in the

committee

no. of

meetings

held

during

the year

no. of

meetings

Attended

Mr. S. N. Subrahmanyan1 Chairman

1

1

Mr. Narayanan Kumar2

Chairman

1

1

Mr. R. Chandrasekaran3

Chairman

0

0

Dr. Keshab Panda4

Member

2

2

Mr. Amit Chadha5

Member

0

0

Mr. P. Ramakrishnan6

Member

1

1

Mr. Rajeev Gupta7

Member

1

1

1 Ceased to be the Chairman of the Committee w.e.f. July 16, 2020.

2 Appointed as Chairman of the Committee w.e.f. July 16,

2020 and ceased to be Chairman of the Committee w.e.f.

October 19, 2020.

3 Appointed as the Chairman of the Committee w.e.f.

October 19, 2020.

4 Ceased to be a member of the Committee w.e.f. April 1, 2021.

5 Appointed as a member of the Committee w.e.f. April 1, 2021.

6 Ceased to be a member of the Committee w.e.f. July 16, 2020.

7 Appointed as a member of the Committee w.e.f. July 16, 2020.

other Information:

•

Directors’ Familiarization Program

All directors are aware and are also updated as and when

required of their responsibilities, roles and liabilities.

The internal newsletters of the Company are circulated to

all the directors and the press releases, etc. are uploaded

on website of the Company so that our directors are

updated about the operations of the Company.

The website of the Company is regularly updated with

regards to all the business developments, so that they

are updated about the operations of the Company.

The Board of Directors has complete access to the

information within the Company. Minutes of all

committees and summary of the minutes of the

subsidiaries are being included as a part of Agenda

to the Board. Systems, procedures and resources are

in place to ensure that every Director is supplied, in a

timely manner, with precise and concise information in a

form and of a quality appropriate to effectively enable/

discharge his/her duties.

Information and data are shared with the Directors in an

orderly manner so that the Directors are able to contribute

effectively to the Board discussions. Presentations are

made regularly to the Board/NRC/Audit Committee

79

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

01-32

33-126

127-255

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS:

letter issued to Independent

Directors, the Company has stated that it will facilitate

attending seminars/programs/conferences designed to

train directors to enhance their role as an Independent

Director.

This information is also available on the website of the

Company www.LTTS.com.

•

Risk Management Framework:

Please refer page no. 108 of Board Report

•

Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy:

The Company has a Whistle Blower Policy in place since

October 2014. The Company has a Whistle Blowing

Investigation Committee (WBIC) to manage complaints

under the said Policy. The WBIC consists of the Senior

Executives of the Company. The WBIC is responsible

for end to end management of the investigations from

receipt of complaints to bringing them to a logical

conclusion, keeping in mind the interest of the Company.

Employees are encouraged to report any wrong-doings

having an adverse effect on the Company’s financials/

image and instances of leak of unpublished price sensitive

information. An employee can report any wrong-doing

in oral or written form. Whistle blowers are assured by

the management of full protection from any kind of

harassment, retaliation, victimization or unfair treatment.

The Company with reference to the Whistle Blower

mechanism has created an online platform “Ethics Line”

which offers an independent multi-channel interface to

employees for reporting unethical conduct/malpractice

they may see around them, in case of any hesitation to

report face to face. Through the said helpline employees

raise their concerns and the same are addressed and

necessary action is taken by the Company. The said

helpline and the management maintain anonymity of

the whistle-blower at all times. It helps build a culture

of trust, transparency, honest communication and

ethical conduct and provides employees with non-

threatening and impartial way of communicating their

concerns while allowing the organization to act on the

tip-offs as per process. One of the constant endeavors

is to promote “ZERO TOLERANCE” for values violation

& unethical conduct at the workplace. To promote this

culture, “Ethics Line” plays an important role.

The Audit Committee is periodically briefed about the

various cases received, the status of the investigation,

findings and action taken, if any.

During the year, the Company received total 5 complaints

under Ethics Line. Appropriate actions, wherever

required, were taken by the Company on the same.

Please refer page no. 53 of the Board Report.

•

Statutory Auditors

In the case of appointment of new auditors, the Audit

Committee evaluates various audit firms based on

approved criteria as given herein below. The Audit

firms are required to make a presentation to the Audit

Committee. The Committee considers factors such as

compliance with the legal provisions, number/nature/

size and variation in client base, skill sets available in the

firm both at partner level and staff level, international

experience, systems and processes followed by the firm,

training and development by the firm to its partners and

staff, etc. during the process of evaluation. Based on

merit and the factors mentioned above, the Committee

finalizes the firm to be appointed and recommends

the appointment of Auditors to the Board and

shareholders for approval.

The above process was followed by the Company while

appointing M/s Sharp & Tannan as the Statutory Auditors

of the Company in 2018.

For the Financial year 2020-21, the total fees paid by the

Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis,

to Sharp & Tannan, Statutory Auditors and all entities in

the network firm/network entity of which the Statutory

Auditors are part thereof for all the services provided by

them is ` 4.69 million.

Also refer to Page 52 of the Board Report.

80:

Managing Director is given below:

to the shAreholDers oF

l&t technology servIces lImIteD

sub: compliance with code of conduct

I hereby declare that all the Board Members and Senior

Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the

Code of Conduct as adopted by the Board of Directors and

Senior Management Personnel.

Amit chadha

ceo &: managing

Managing Director of the Company up to March

31, 2021 and his appointment as Non- Executive

Director of the Company w.e.f. April 1, 2021

92731752

92606943

124809

99.87

0.13

Extension of term of Mr. Amit Chadha

(DIN: 07076149) as the Deputy CEO and Whole

Time Director of the Company up to March

31, 2021 and his appointment as the CEO and: Managing

Managing Director

Place: Mumbai, India

Place: Washington, USA

Date: May 3, 2021

Place: May 3, 2021

89

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

01-32

33-126

127-255

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS:

letter dated 30 August 2018.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of corporate governance by L&T Technology Services Limited (‘the

Company’), for the year ended on 31 March 2021, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation

46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’).

management’s responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of corporate governance is the responsibility of management. This responsibility includes the

design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure compliance with the conditions of

corporate governance stipulated in the SEBI Listing Regulations.

Auditors’ responsibility

4.

Our responsibility is to examine the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the

compliance of the conditions of the corporate governance. It is neither audit nor expression of opinion on the financial

statements of the Company.

5.

We have examined the books of accounts and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for the

purpose of providing reasonable assurance on the compliance with corporate governance requirements by the Company.

6.

We have carried out an examination of the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note on

Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (‘the ICAI’), the Standards

on Auditing specified under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, in so far as is applicable for the purpose of this

certificate and as per the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purpose issued by the ICAI which requires

that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control

for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services

Engagements.

opinion

8.

Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanation provided to us and

representations provided by management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of corporate

governance as specified in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of schedule

V of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as applicable during the year ended 31 March 2021.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

restriction on use

10. The certificate is addressed to and provided to the members of the Company solely for the purpose of complying with the

aforesaid SEBI Listing Regulations and may not be suitable for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume

any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other party to whom it is shown or into whose hands it may

come without our prior consent in writing.

shArP & tAnnAn

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s registration no.109982W

by the hand of

Firdosh D. buchia

Partner

Membership no. 038332

Mumbai, 3 May 2021

UDIN: 21038332AAAALZ1608

90:

letter dated 30 August 2018.

2.

We have examined the Employees Stock Option Scheme (‘the Scheme’) of L&T Technology Services Limited (‘the Company’),

the books of accounts and other relevant records to determine whether the Scheme is in accordance with the rules specified

under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 (as amended) (“the

Regulations”) and in accordance with the resolutions passed in the general meeting held on 21 January 2016 (‘the General

Meeting’) and as per postal ballot dated 15 December 2016.

management’s responsibility

3.

Management is responsible for maintaining the information and documents, which are required to be kept and maintained

under the relevant laws and regulations and implementing the Scheme in accordance with the Regulations and the

resolutions passed at the General Meeting.

4.

Management is also responsible for design, implementation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the

implementation of Scheme in accordance with the Regulations and the resolutions passed at the General Meeting and for

providing all information in this regard.

Auditors’ responsibility

5.

Our responsibility is to examine the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring

implementation of the Scheme in accordance with the Regulations and the resolutions passed at the General Meeting. It is

neither audit nor expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

6.

We have examined the books of accounts and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for the

purpose of providing reasonable assurance on the implementation of the Scheme by the Company in accordance with the

Regulations and the resolutions passed at the General Meeting.

7.

We have carried out an examination of the Scheme, books of accounts and other relevant records of the Company in

accordance with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purpose (Revised 2016) issued by the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India (‘the ICAI’), which requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of

Ethics issued by the ICAI.

8.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control

for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and related services

engagements.

criteria and scope

9.

The criteria against which the information is evaluated are the following:

a.

the Regulations;

b.

the Scheme;

c.

special resolution passed by the shareholder for the Scheme; and

d.

written representation from management.

opinion

10. Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanation provided to us and representations

provided by management, we certify that the Company has implemented the Scheme in accordance with the Regulations and the

resolutions passed at the general meeting held on 21 January 2016 and as per postal ballot dated 15 December 2016.

restriction on use

11. The certificate is addressed to and provided to the members of the Company solely for the purpose of compliance with clause

13 of the Regulations. This certificate should be used solely for the purpose of complying with the Regulations and may not be

suitable for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose

or to any other party to whom it is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

shArP & tAnnAn

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s registration no.109982W

by the hand of

Firdosh D. buchia

Partner

Membership no. 038332

Mumbai, 3 May 2021

UDIN: 21038332AAAAMA7764

91

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

01-32

33-126

127-255

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS:

Managing Director

150.83@

171.76

2.7%

Mr. Amit Chadha2

Deputy Chief Executive Officer and

Whole-Time Director

94.89@

108.06

-5.9%

Mr. Abhishek3

Chief Operating Officer &

Whole-Time Director

13.62

15.51

100.5%

Mr. Samir T Desai

Independent Director

5.93

6.76

4.2%

Mr. Narayanan Kumar

Independent Director

2.23

2.53

23.6%

Mr. Sudip Banerjee

Independent Director

1.63

1.85

-17.7%

Ms. Apurva Purohit4

Independent Director

2.00

2.28

281.0%

Mr. Arjun Gupta5

Independent Director

3.28

3.74

-19.6%

Mr. R. Chandrasekaran6

Independent Director

0.83

0.94

NA

Mr. P. Ramakrishnan7

Chief Financial Officer

1.24

1.41

-82.2%

Mr. Rajeev Gupta8

Chief Financial Officer

7.79

8.87

NA

Mr. Kapil Bhalla

Company Secretary

5.94

6.76

3.8%

Notes:-

1Appointed as Non-Executive Director w.e.f. April 1, 2021. Earlier CEO &: Managing

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral

part of this report.

95

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

01-32

33-126

127-255

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS:

letter.

1)

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2)

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are

reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our

opinion.

3)

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Account of the Company.

4)

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5)

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6)

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

nAInA r DesAI

Practising Company Secretary

Membership No. F1351

Certificate of Practice No.13365

Place: Mumbai

Peer Review Certificate No.590/2019

Date: April 13, 2021

UDIN F001351C000078439

96:

Managing Director, if any and

Whole-time Directors.

2.5. Key managerial Personnel (KmP) means

•

Chief Executive Officer or the: Managing

Managing Director/Whole-time

Directors draws or receives, directly or indirectly

by way of remuneration any such sums in excess

of the limits prescribed under the Act or without

approval, he / she shall refund such sums to the

Company and until such sum is refunded, hold it

in trust for the Company. The Company shall not

waive recovery of such sum refundable to it unless

approved by the shareholders of the Company by

passing a special resolution within 2 years from the

date of sum become refundable.

99

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

01-32

33-126

127-255

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS:

letter of

appointment in accordance with the Guidelines

provided under the Act;

10.2 Determining the appropriate size, diversity and

composition of the Board;

10.3 Setting a formal and transparent procedure

for selecting new Directors for appointment to

the Board;

10.4 Developing a succession plan for the Board and

Senior Management and regularly reviewing

the plan;

10.5 Evaluating the performance of the Board members

and Senior Management in the context of the

Company’s

performance

from

business

and

compliance perspective;

10.6 Making recommendations to the Board concerning

any matters relating to the continuation in office of

any Director at any time including the suspension or

termination of service of an Executive Director as an

employee of the Company subject to the provision

of the law and their service contract;

10.7 Delegating any of its powers to one or more of its

members or the Secretary of the Committee;

10.8 Recommend any necessary changes to the

Board; and

10.9 Considering any other matters, as may be

requested by the Board.

11. remunerAtIon DutIes:

The duties of the Committee in relation to remuneration

matters include:

11.1 To consider and determine the Remuneration Policy,

based on the performance and also bearing in mind

that the remuneration is reasonable and sufficient

to attract retain and motivate members of the Board

and such other factors as the Committee shall deem

appropriate all elements of the remuneration of the

members of the Board.

11.2 To ensure the remuneration maintains a balance

between fixed and incentive pay reflecting short

and long-term performance objectives appropriate

to the working of the Company.

11.3 To delegate any of its powers to one or more of its

members or the Secretary of the Committee.

11.4 To consider any other matters as may be requested

by the Board.

11.5 To review Professional indemnity and liability

insurance for Directors and senior management.

12. mInutes oF nomInAtIon AnD remunerAtIon

commIttee meetIng:

Proceedings of all meetings must be minuted and signed

by the Chairman of the Committee Meeting or by the

Chairman at the subsequent meeting. Minutes of the

Committee meetings will be tabled at the subsequent

Board and Committee meeting.

13. revIew & AmenDment:

The Policy shall be reviewed as and when required to

ensure that it meets the objectives of the relevant

legislation and remains effective. The Nomination and

Remuneration Committee & Board has the right to

change/amend the policy as may be expedient taking

into account the law for the time being in force.

101

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

01-32

33-126

127-255

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS:

Managing Director

(b)

Details of the BR head

No. Particulars

Details

1

DIN Number (if applicable)

Not applicable

2

Name

Mr. K. N. Prabhakaran

3

Designation

CSR Head

4

Telephone number

+91 22 6705 9200

5

e-mail id

investor@ltts.com

2a. Principle-wise (as per NVGS) BR Policy/Policies

(Reply in Y/N)

P1- Business should conduct and govern themselves with

ethics, transparency and accountability

P2- Business should provide goods and services that are

safe and contribute to sustainability throughout their life

cycle

P3- Business should promote the well-being of all

employees

P4- Business should respect the interests of, and be

responsive towards all stakeholders, especially those who

are disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalized

P5- Business should respect and promote human rights

P6- Business should respect protect and make efforts to

restore the environment

P7- Business, when engaged in influencing public and

regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible manner

P8- Business should support inclusive growth and

equitable development

P9- Business should engage with and provide value to

their customers and consumers in a responsible manner

Sr.

No

Questions

P

1

P

2

P

3

P

4

P

5

P

6

P

7

P

8

P

9

1

Do you have a policy/ policies for....

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

2

Has the policy being formulated in

consultation with the relevant stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

3

Does the policy conform to any national /

international standards? If yes, specify?

(50 words)

India based policies are aligned to National Standards.

Policies pertaining to GEO NA, Europe & ROW are aligned with the International

Standards. (respective GEO)

4

Has the policy being approved by the

Board?

If yes, has it been signed by MD/ owner/

CEO/ appropriate Board Director?

Signed by the CEO & MD

Y

Note

1

Y

Note

1

Y

Note

1

Y

Note

1

Y

Note

1

Y

Note

1

Y

Note 1

Y

Note

1

Y

Note

1

5

Does the Company have a specified

committee of the Board/ Director/ Official to

oversee the implementation of the policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

6

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed

online?

Available on Company’s Intranet

https://www.ltts.

com/investors/

corporate-

governance

Available on

Company’s

Intranet

7

Has the policy been formally communicated

to all relevant internal and external

stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

8

Does the Company have in-house structure

to implement the policy/ policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

119

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

01-32

33-126

127-255

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS:

Managing Director makes an

Annual Declaration to the shareholders regarding the senior

management’s compliance with the CoC.

The Company expects its associates to uphold highest standards

of business conduct across all sites where the Company has its

presence, as customer, supplier or as consultant. All employees

are guided by the vision statement & values that reinforce

success & reputation of the organization. Each employee

of the Company is required to provide an annual declaration

of his/her adherence to CoC. The said CoC is also displayed on

the website of the Company. Awareness on CoC is a crucial

part of induction program for new joiners and due notification

on introduction of any amendments. Any non-compliance

is addressed by a disciplinary committee and subsequently

handled with suitable disciplinary actions.

The Company’s CoC addresses bribery, corruption and tax

evasion which extends to all the group companies, suppliers,

contractors, NGOs and other stakeholders. Additionally,

the Company has drafted a separate CoC which has to be

followed by its suppliers, customers and consultants in order

to uphold business standards.

120:

Managing Director

(DIN: 07076149)

Chief Operating Officer &

Whole-Time Director

(DIN: 07596644)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Washington,USA

Place: Bangalore

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

138:

Managing Director

(DIN: 07076149)

Chief Operating Officer &

Whole-Time Director

(DIN: 07596644)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Washington,USA

Place: Bangalore

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2021

(` million except stated otherwise)

Note No.

Year ended

31-03-2021

Year ended

31-03-2020

Income:

I.

Revenue from operations

26

49,640

51,813

II.

Other income (net)

27

1,743

2,123

III.

Total income

51,383

53,936

IV.

Expenses:

(a)

Employee benefits expenses

28

30,012

29,263

(b)

Depreciation and amortisation expenses

1,737

1,534

(c)

Other expenses

29

10,248

12,238

(d)

Finance costs

30

435

351

Total expenses

42,432

43,386

V.

Profit before tax (III - IV)

8,951

10,550

VI.

Tax expense:

(a)

Current tax

2,096

2,083

(b)

Deferred tax

124

567

Total tax expense

31

2,220

2,650

VII.

Profit for the year (V - VI)

6,731

7,900

VIII.

Other comprehensive income

(A) (i)

Items that will not be reclassified to the statement of profit

and loss

(a)

Remeasurements of the defined benefit plans (net)

70

(127)

(b)

Income tax on remeasurements of the defined benefit plans

(net)

(18)

27

(B)

(i)

Items that will be reclassifed subsequently to the statement

of profit or loss

(a)

Effective portion of gains and losses on hedging

instruments in a cash flow hedge

3,260

(3,231)

(b)

Income tax on effective portion of gains and losses on

hedging instruments in a cash flow hedge

(772)

728

Total other comprehensive income (net of tax)

2,540

(2,603)

IX.

Total comprehensive income for the year

9,271

5,297

X.

Earnings per equity share

32

Equity share of face value of ` 2 each

- Basic (`)

64.25

75.82

- Diluted (`)

63.83

74.99

XI.

Notes forming part of the financial statements

1-51

139

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

01-32

33-126

127-255

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS:

Managing Director

(DIN: 07076149)

Chief Operating Officer &

Whole-Time Director

(DIN: 07596644)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Washington,USA

Place: Bangalore

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

141

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

01-32

33-126

127-255

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS:

Managing Director

(DIN: 07076149)

Chief Operating Officer &

Whole-Time Director

(DIN: 07596644)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Washington,USA

Place: Bangalore

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

142:

Managing Director

Mr. Amit Chadha**

Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Whole Time Director

Mr. Abhishek

Chief Operating Officer & Whole Time Director

Mr. P Ramkrishnan

Chief Financial Officer (upto July 19, 2020)

Mr. Rajeev Gupta

Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f July 20, 2020)

Mr. Kapil Bhalla

Company Secretary

*Appointed as Non-Executive Director w.e.f. April 01, 2021. Earlier CEO &: Managing

Managing Director

(DIN: 07076149)

Chief Operating Officer &

Whole-Time Director

(DIN: 07596644)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Washington,USA

Place: Bangalore

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

191

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS

127-255

01-32

33-126:

Managing Director

(DIN: 07076149)

Chief Operating Officer &

Whole-Time Director

(DIN: 07596644)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Washington,USA

Place: Bangalore

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

200:

Managing Director

(DIN: 07076149)

Chief Operating Officer &

Whole-Time Director

(DIN: 07596644)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Washington,USA

Place: Bangalore

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2021

(` million except stated otherwise)

Note No.

Year ended

31-03-2021

Year ended

31-03-2020

Income:

I.

Revenue from operations

25

54,497

56,191

II.

Other income (net)

26

1,537

2,091

III.

Total income

56,034

58,282

IV.

Expenses:

(a)

Employee benefits expenses

27

33,550

32,516

(b) Depreciation and amortisation expenses

2,183

1,829

(c)

Other expenses

28

10,873

12,570

(d) Finance costs

29

455

365

Total expenses

47,061

47,280

V.

Profit before tax (III - IV)

8,973

11,002

VI.

Tax expense:

(a)

Current tax

2,300

2,269

(b) Deferred tax (net)

8

509

Total tax expense

30

2,308

2,778

VII.

Profit for the year (V - VI)

6,665

8,224

VIII.

Other comprehensive income

(A) (i)

Items that will not be reclassified to the statement of profit

and loss

(a)

Remeasurements of the defined benefit plans (net)

70

(126)

(b) Income tax on remeasurements of the defined benefit plans

(18)

27

(B) (i)

Items that will be reclassifed subsequently to the statement

of profit or loss

(a)

Effective portion of gains and losses on hedging instruments

in a cash flow hedge

3,260

(3,231)

(b) Income tax on effective portion of gains and losses on

hedging instruments in a cash flow hedge

(772)

728

(c)

Exchange differences on the translation of foreign operation

(58)

123

Total other comprehensive income (net of tax)

2,482

(2,479)

IX.

Total comprehensive income for the year

9,147

5,745

Profit for the year attributable to:

-

Owners of the Company

6,633

8,186

-

Non-controlling interest

32

38

Other comprehensive income for the year attributable to :

-

Owners of the Company

2,482

(2,479)

-

Non-controlling interest

-

-

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to :

-

Owners of the Company

9,115

5,707

-

Non-controlling interest

32

38

X.

Earnings per equity share

31

Equity share of face value of ` 2 each

-

Basic (`)

63.32

78.56

-

Diluted (`)

62.90

77.70

XI.

Notes forming part of the financial statements

1-48

201

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS

127-255

01-32

33-126:

Managing Director

(DIN: 07076149)

Chief Operating Officer &

Whole-Time Director

(DIN: 07596644)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Washington,USA

Place: Bangalore

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

203

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate overview

Statutory reportS

FinanCial StatementS

127-255

01-32

33-126:

Managing Director

(DIN: 07076149)

Chief Operating Officer &

Whole-Time Director

(DIN: 07596644)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Washington,USA

Place: Bangalore

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

204:

Managing Director

Mr. Amit Chadha**

Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Whole Time Director

Mr. Abhishek

Chief Operating Officer & Whole Time Director

Mr. P Ramkrishnan

Chief Financial Officer (upto July 19, 2020)

Mr. Rajeev Gupta

Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f July 20, 2020)

Mr. Kapil Bhalla

Company Secretary

*Appointed as Non-Executive Director w.e.f. April 01, 2021. Earlier CEO &: Managing

Managing Director

(DIN: 07076149)

Chief Operating Officer &

Whole-Time Director

(DIN: 07596644)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Place: Washington,USA

Place: Bangalore

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

Date: May 03, 2021

254:

