Managing Director of the Company for a period of 5 (five) years

with effect from 1 October 2021 on the terms and conditions of re-appointment and remuneration as contained in the employment

agreement entered with Mr. Nitin Rakesh, the material terms of which are set out in the explanatory statement annexed to this

Notice.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT subject to the terms and conditions of re-appointment and remuneration thereof, entered into with

Mr. Nitin Rakesh, the material terms whereof are set-out in the explanatory statement annexed to the Notice, the Board be and

is hereby authorized to alter and modify the terms and conditions of appointment and/or remuneration, provided the same does

not exceed the limits specified under Section 197, read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory

modifications or re-enactments thereof), for the time being in force.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board of Directors of the Company be and is

hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things as are incidental thereto or as may be deemed necessary or desirable or

to settle any question or difficulty that may arise in such manner as it may deem fit without further reference to the Company in

General Meeting.

6.

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a SPECIAL RESOLUTION:

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 62 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Companies Act”), the rules made thereunder and

all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act (including any amendment thereto or re-enactment thereof), Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SEBI Regulations”), the circulars

prescribed thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and other regulations issued by SEBI, as may be

applicable in this regard and in accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of the

Company, subject to any other approvals, consents, permissions and sanctions, as may be necessary and further subject to such

conditions and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed while granting such approvals, permissions and sanctions, which

may be accepted by the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”, which term shall include any committee constituted

by the Board), the approval of the members of the Company, be and is hereby accorded for adoption of the Restricted Stock

Unit Plan 2021 (the “RSU Plan 2021”) and the Board be and is hereby authorized to grant restricted stock units (“units”) from

time to time, in one or more tranches, to or for the benefit of such employees who are in the employment of the Company

(including directors other than the independent directors) and identified by the Board from time to time, with the underlying equity

shares (created by allotment of further shares) not exceeding 3,000,000 equity shares of the Company of `10 (ten rupees) each

(as adjusted for any changes in capital structure and adjustments arising out of the corporate actions in terms of such units).

NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

DocuSign Envelope ID: 1726F824-3109-43FA-B728-AE99BF7CD525:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who

are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to cs@nagarajsp818.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in and

30.agm@mphasis.com .

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such

an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password” or “Physical User Reset Password” option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual

for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and

1800 22 44 30 or send a request to Ms. Sarita Mote, Asst. Manager at evoting@nsdl.co.in

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user ID and password and

registration of e-mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate

(front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by e-mail to

30.agm@mphasis.com for obtaining the user ID and Password for the e-voting.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name,

client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested

scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 30.agm@mphasis.com for obtaining the user ID and Password for the e-voting.

3.

Alternatively, member may send an e-mail request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for obtaining User ID and Password by providing the

details mentioned in Point (1) or (2) as the case may be.

4.

Upon receipt and validation of the above documents, NSDL will send the user ID and password to the member.

5.

Mr. S P Nagarajan (PCS No.4738) has been appointed as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the voting and remote e-voting process in a

fair and transparent manner.

DocuSign Envelope ID: 1726F824-3109-43FA-B728-AE99BF7CD525:

Managing Director of the Company,

for a further period of 5 (five) years effective from 1 October 2021 on the terms and conditions as detailed in the agreement entered with

Mr. Nitin Rakesh. The material terms and conditions of re-appointment and terms of remuneration of Mr. Nitin Rakesh (the “Employee”)

is as follows:

Salary:

US$ 650,000 (“Salary”) for each of the financial years ending on 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2023, respectively.

Thereafter, the Employee’s Salary will be revised to US$ 700,000 for the financial year ending on 31 March 2024.

Salary includes the basic salary and, to the extent permitted by law, all allowances and ex-gratia payments as per

the policies of the Company and the benefits under any retirement plans, policies and programs maintained by the

Company.

The Employee will not be paid any sitting fees for attending meetings of the Board or any committees constituted by

the Board.

Revisions:

Increments to the Salary of the Employee will be as per the determination of the Board, provided that any

such increase to the Salary in a financial year may not exceed 30% of the then prevailing Salary. The Salary

payable to the Employee will not be subject to any increases until the expiry of the financial year ending on

31 March 2024.

Variable pay:

The Employee will be eligible to participate in a performance-based bonus compensation programme pursuant to

which the Employee will have a target bonus of US$ 900,000 for each of the financial years ending on 31 March 2022

and 31 March 2023, respectively and US$ 1,000,000 for the financial year ending on 31 March 2024. The annual bonus

paid to the Employee will be subject to achievement of performance criteria as determined by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and may be greater than or less than the target bonus.

Gratuity:

As per Company’s policy.

Expenses:

Reimbursement of business expenditures, incurred in the course of employment, will be in accordance with the

Company’s policies on expenses.

ESOPs:

The Employee is entitled to participate in the employee stock option and restricted stock unit plans of the Company,

as may be determined by the Board (or any of its relevant sub-committees) from time to time.

Leave:

As per Company’s policy.

Location:

Principal place of work will be at New York, New York or such other place as may be specified by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee from time to time. In the event of transfer or deputation, his salary and other benefits will be

determined in accordance with the Company’s policies prevalent at that time.

Termination:

The Employee’s employment with the Company may be immediately terminated by the Company at any time upon

delivery of written notice to the Employee, without prior notice or pay in lieu of notice, in the event of “Dismissal for

Cause” (as such term is defined in the employment agreement).

In addition, the Employee’s employment with the Company may be terminated by the Company as a “Dismissal for

Convenience” (as such term is defined in the employment agreement), without prior notice or pay in lieu of notice,

effective on the date on which the written notice of termination has been issued by the Company (or such later date

as may be set forth in the termination notice).

The Employee may terminate his employment with the Company at any time by serving a written notice of resignation

to the Company, which resignation will not be effective until the expiry of 90 (ninety) days from the date of such

resignation notice.

The qualification, areas of expertise and other details of Mr. Nitin Rakesh is detailed in the Notice of the meeting besides the brief profile

being available in the Annual Report 2021 and the website of the Company at https://www.mphasis.com/home/corporate/leadership.html.

The details of memberships in Board Committees and meetings attended by him are detailed in the Annual Report 2021 of the

Company. The details of the Board Committees of which Mr. Nitin Rakesh is a member is available on the website of the Company at

https://www.mphasis.com/content/dam/mphasis-com/global/en/investors/governance/new-folder/committee-composition-2021.pdf.

DocuSign Envelope ID: 1726F824-3109-43FA-B728-AE99BF7CD525:

Managing Director of the Company for

approval of the members. The details of the board skillset mapped to Mr. Nitin Rakesh is available in the Annual Report 2021.

Approval of members is required to be obtained by means of an ordinary resolution, under Section 196 of the Companies Act, 2013, for

the above re-appointment. Accordingly, necessary resolution, seeking approval of the members, for re-appointment of Mr. Nitin Rakesh

as CEO and his appointment as: Managing

letter and spirit of the Listing

Regulations, approval of the public shareholders of the Company by way of an ordinary resolution is being sought for permitting the

employees of the subsidiaries of the Company to participate in the ERI Plan 2021.

NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

DocuSign Envelope ID: 1726F824-3109-43FA-B728-AE99BF7CD525:

letter and spirit of the Listing

Regulations, approval of the public shareholders of the Company by way of an ordinary resolution is being sought for permitting the

employees of the subsidiaries of the Company to participate in the Investment Plan.

As the approval of members is required prior to offering the Investment Plan to the employees of the Company and its subsidiaries,

the Board has considered this item as unavoidable in terms of general circular issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) dated

5 May 2020.

The Board had in its meeting held on 31 August 2021 considered and approved the Investment Plan and recommends the same to the

public shareholders for their approval by means of an ordinary resolution.

Interest of Director and Key Managerial Personnel

The Promoter, Directors (other than the independent directors, as they are not permitted to have any pecuniary relationship with the

holding company of the Company pursuant to Section 149(6)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 (as amended)) and the Employees including

the Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives may be deemed to be interested in the resolution and shall not vote on the resolution.

By order of the Board

For Mphasis Limited

Bengaluru

SUBRAMANIAN NARAYAN

31 August 2021

SVP and Company Secretary

Registered Office:

Bagmane World Technology Center, Marathahalli Outer Ring Road,

Doddanakhundi Village, Mahadevapura, Bengaluru 560048,

CIN: L30007KA1992PLC025294

Telephone: 080 - 6750 1000

Website:www.mphasis.com

e-mail: investor.relations@mphasis.com

NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

DocuSign Envelope ID: 1726F824-3109-43FA-B728-AE99BF7CD525:

Managing Director of Ranbaxy in 1999. Mr. Brar stepped down from this position

in 2004 to start his entrepreneurial journey and ventured into GVK Biosciences (Now Aragen Life Sciences Private Limited) - a leading

Contract Research Organization (CRO) providing Discovery and Development services to Global Life Sciences Companies.

Mr. Brar currently holds Board positions in various Indian and International companies like Maruti Suzuki India Limited, Wockhardt

Limited, Punjab Innovation Mission and Essel Propack Limited (Chairman of the Board) and acts as an Advisor to start-ups funded by

Private Equity and Venture funds. He is currently a promoter of Aragen Life Sciences Private Limited and Excelra Knowledge Solutions

Pvt. Ltd. He is also a member of the Advisory Board of the USA-India Chamber of Commerce (USAIC).

From 2000 to 2007, Mr. Brar served as a Director of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and was also a member of the Inspection and

Audit sub-committee of the Central Board of Directors of the RBI. Mr. Brar also served as a Senior Advisor to Private Equity firms such

as Temasek Capital (Private) Limited and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) from 2011-2015 and was a Special Advisor to the Board of

Directors of Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc.

Mr. Brar has been involved with some of the premier Research and Educational Institutions in India. He has served as a member on the

Board of National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research (NIPER), SAS Nagar, Punjab and as a member of the Board of

Governors of the Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow (IIML).

Mr. Brar has been involved with several leading industry associations in India. He was associated with Confederation of Indian Industry

(CII) where he Chaired CII’s Indian MNC Council and with Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) in the past.

Mr. Brar was a Member of Prime Minister’s Task Force on Pharmaceuticals and Knowledge-based industries which drafted the blueprint

for the growth and global expansion of Indian Pharmaceutical Industry including R&D and pricing policies. He served as a member of

Consultative Group on Exports of Pharmaceutical Products, under the Chairmanship of Hon’ble Minister of Commerce, Industry and

Textiles, Government of India.

For his service and contribution to the pharmaceutical industry, Mr. Brar was honoured with the Dean’s Medal from the Tufts University

School of Medicine, U.S.A. in 2004. The Federation of Asian Biotech Associations (FABA) conferred on Mr. Brar the “FABA Special Award

2011” for his contribution to the biopharma sector.

Mr. Nitin Rakesh, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

Mr. Nitin Rakesh joined the Board of Mphasis as its CEO and Executive Director in January 2017.

Mr. Rakesh is a distinguished leader in the Technology and Financial services industries. His career spans over two decades leading large

transnational operations and delivering transformative digital solutions to Fortune 500 companies. A computer science engineer at heart,

Mr. Rakesh’s lifelong passion for Innovation and Technology is evident throughout his career. Coupled with his deep domain expertise

in Banking, Financial Services and Insurance verticals, strong customer orientation and an entrepreneurial mindset, he has been able

to bring cutting-edge offerings consistently to accelerate value creation for customers, shareholders and employees. Notably, it has led

to the introduction of Mphasis’ C=X2C2=1TM formula for success, (hyper-personalization; drive n=1 powered by Cloud and Cognitive);

driving multi-dimensions of business value with an integrated consumer-centric Front2BackTM Digital Transformation driven by IP assets

which resulted in the remarkable turnaround of Mphasis into a leading global software services firm.

When Mr. Rakesh joined Mphasis in January 2017, the market cap was $1.7 billion; as at present, it is approx. $7.43 billion on BSE and

$7.45 billion on NSE. Under his leadership, Mphasis also set a record of highest deal wins in its history, thus re-defining benchmarks and

growing above industry rate.

Prior to joining Mphasis, Mr. Rakesh was the CEO and President of Syntel (NASDAQ listed IT Services Company). Before he was

appointed as the CEO, he served as president, Americas for Syntel, where he headed Business Development and North American

operations. Earlier, as the Founding CEO and: Managing

managing director at Blackstone, where he led many of their Private Equity technology investments.

He joined the firm in 2013 and is based in New York. Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Johnson was the Senior Vice President of Strategy at

Dell Corporation, where he was responsible for corporate strategy, software, corporate development and acquisition integration. Prior to

joining Dell, Mr. Johnson held a number of managerial positions across IBM’s business lines, including the CFO of its’s $18B Technology

Group and ultimately leading IBM’s Corporate Development organization, responsible for the company’s acquisitions, divestitures,

minority investments and acquisition integration.

Mr. Johnson received a B.A. in English and an M.B.A. from Boston College.

DocuSign Envelope ID: 1726F824-3109-43FA-B728-AE99BF7CD525:

Dear Shareholders,

We have pleasure in presenting you the thirtieth Annual Report of your Company for the year ended 31 March 2021.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

Key aspects of the financial performance of the Company are as follows:

(` million)

Particulars

CONSOLIDATED

STANDALONE

Year ended

31 March 2021

Year ended

31 March 2020

Year ended

31 March 2021

Year ended

31 March 2020

Total Income

98,553

90,214

56,507

46,704

Expenses

82,246

75,060

42,049

32,828

Profit before taxation

16,306

15,154

14,458

13,876

Net Profit

12,168

11,848

11,104

12,051

Transfer to General Reserve

Nil

1,205

Nil

1,205

Note: The figures are rounded off to the nearest Rupee.

A detailed analysis of the performance is available in the section titled Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and

Results of Operations, in this Annual Report.

OUTLOOK

Much has been said and written about 2020, but looking back, we can all agree that it was a landmark year that will leave an indelible

mark on the foreseeable future. The economic shock and hardship caused by COVID -19 to global communities, is estimated to be

three times worse than the 2008 financial crisis - for the human cost suffered, it’s been a crisis like no other. And while we are not

completely out of it yet, there are signs that the worst could be behind us. The latest Global Financial Stability Report from International

Monetary Fund (IMF) shows that the announcements and distribution of earlier-than-anticipated COVID-19 vaccines have boosted

market sentiment and paved the way for global economic recovery.

Thanks to modern medicine and vaccinations, we do see the light at the end of the tunnel, however the speed of the recovery will depend

crucially on production, distribution networks and access to vaccines. According to the January 2021 World Economic Outlook update,

“continued monetary and fiscal support remain vital to lessen lingering uncertainties, build a bridge to the recovery, and ensure financial

stability. Yet, despite persistent uncertainties surrounding the economic outlook, investors appear to remain confident about growth

prospects in 2021, betting that continued policy support will offset any possible near-term disappointment.”

As we step onto the other side of the pandemic with the hindsight of a full year and the vaccines providing some measure of relief,

enterprises have a long road ahead to future-proof themselves. While most of 2020 was spent trying to adapt to the extraordinary

circumstances which businesses found themselves in 2021. This year is going to be a year of transition. Enterprises have been laser-

focused in identifying their priorities for most of the past year and will have to start actioning them with a view to leverage the crisis-led

opportunity transformation. Several outcomes of the crisis on businesses were a culmination of few underlying trends that already

existed in the environment and according to McKinsey’s 2021 report on the ‘new normal’, the great acceleration in the use of technology,

digitization, and new forms of working is going to be sustained with the crisis having created an imperative for companies to reconfigure

their operations—and an opportunity to transform them. It is evident that there’s no going back.

Organizations are preparing to pivot and adapt to weather all types of disruptions well beyond the pandemic. With that future in

mind, enterprises are transitioning from what used to be known as an omni-channel experience to a digital-first or in many cases,

digital-only experience. To that end, there will be a continued reallocation of resources into areas such as customer experience, data

and personalization, workplace modernization, predictive analytics and as-a-service economy to leverage cost and time-to-market

efficiencies, as well as transformation programs to reduce the technical deficit that has been built up over decades. Gartner predicts

technology trends, in 2021, to fall along three themes: people centricity, location independence and resilient delivery. This fundamental

shift is replete with examples in media and entertainment, financial services, healthcare, supply chains to all forms of retail, even including

auto sales and restaurants.

The pandemic has disproportionately impacted different industries. While some suffered badly, there were others that were able to

leverage the crisis by aligning themselves to the needs of the customers. However, according to McKinsey’s report, “When the economy

settles into its next normal, such sectoral differences can be expected to narrow, with industries returning to somewhere around their

previous relative positions. What is less obvious is how the dynamics within sectors are likely to change. In previous downturns, the

strong came out stronger, and the weak got weaker, went under, or were bought. The defining difference was resilience—the ability not

only to absorb shocks but to use them to build a competitive advantage.”

DocuSign Envelope ID: 1726F824-3109-43FA-B728-AE99BF7CD525:

Managing Director for a period of five years effective 1 October 2021.

In accordance with Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Amit Dixit (DIN: 01798942) and Mr. Marshall Jan Lux (DIN: 08178748)

will retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting and are eligible for re-election.

The Board recommends the re-appointment of the above directors for approval of the members. Necessary resolutions in connection

with the above are placed for approval of the members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

Mr. Paul James Upchurch (DIN: 07593638) resigned as a director effective 31 December 2020. The Board places on record its appreciation

for the services rendered by Mr. Upchurch during his tenure as a director.

Mr. V Suryanarayanan concluded his role as the Chief Financial Officer effective 14 May 2020 and superannuated from the services in

October 2020. The Board places on record its appreciation for the services rendered by Mr. Suryanarayanan during his tenure with the

Company. The Board had at its meeting held on 16 March 2020, appointed Mr. Manish Dugar as the Chief Financial Officer effective

15 May 2020.

DocuSign Envelope ID: 1726F824-3109-43FA-B728-AE99BF7CD525:

letter of the law is paramount in all its

activities, the spirit in which it is followed keeps in view the interests of the stakeholders, viz, shareholders, clients, employees, suppliers,

society and regulatory bodies.

Mphasis has charted a growth trajectory along four parameters of growth; competitiveness, consistency, profitability and responsibility

to benefit our employees, customers and the community at large.

The Company has complied with the governance requirements under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 and presents the Corporate Governance Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2021.

I.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Mphasis believes that an effective Board requires an optimum combination of professionals from different spheres with diversity

and independence. The primary responsibility of the Board is to provide effective governance over the Company’s affairs. The

Company’s business is conducted by its employees under the overall supervision of the Chief Executive Officer, who is assisted by

a council of senior managerial personnel in different functions.

(a)

Composition of the Board

As of 31 March 2021, the Board comprised of eight directors (including a woman independent director) of which, one is an

Executive Director, four directors are nominated by Marble II Pte. Ltd., the Promoter (forming a part of the Blackstone Group of

companies) and three are Independent Directors. The maximum tenure of the Independent Directors is as per the Companies Act,

2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

All the Independent Directors have confirmed that they meet the criteria of independence as laid out under the Companies Act, 2013

and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and amendments made thereto. As required under

the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, the Independent Directors have registered themselves in

the online data bank maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs. Mr. Davinder Singh Brar and Mr. Narayanan Kumar are

exempted from the online proficiency self - assessment test and Ms. Jan Kathleen Hier has completed the test.

The Board confirms that in its opinion the Independent Directors fulfill the conditions specified in SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and are independent of the management. It is further confirmed that none of the

directors of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as a director of the Company by

the Ministry of Corporate Affairs or the Securities and Exchange Board of India or any other Statutory Authority. The said affirmation

is confirmed by the Practicing Company Secretary in the compliance certificate which is appended hereto.

(b)

Board Procedure:

i.

Meetings of the Board:

The Board meets at regular intervals with an annual calendar and formal schedule of matters specifically reserved for its

consideration to ensure that the matters in relation to strategy, operations, governance, finance and compliance are reviewed.

The annual calendar of meetings is communicated to the directors in advance to ensure maximum participation. The Board is

apprised on the performance of the Company and is provided with necessary information and presentations on matters concerning

business, Industry, compliance and quarterly financials to ensure effective discharge of its responsibility. In addition to its meetings,

the Board holds telecon meetings to discuss matters requiring immediate attention. The Directors of the Company, through their

participation in board meetings, provide inputs to the management from their relevant fields of their knowledge and expertise, viz.

information technology, technology consulting and operations, emerging areas of technology such as digital and cloud, business

process outsourcing, finance, accounting, marketing and management sciences.

The important decisions taken at the meetings are promptly communicated to the respective functionaries for their action. Further,

the action items, arising out of the decisions of the Board are followed up, reviewed and updated at the meetings.

The Chairmen/Chairperson of the respective Committees updates the Board regarding Committee meetings held since the date

of the last Board meeting and records the recommendations. During the year under review, all the recommendations made by the

Committees were accepted by the Board.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

DocuSign Envelope ID: 1726F824-3109-43FA-B728-AE99BF7CD525:

letter of appointment inter-alia

setting out his/her roles, duties and responsibilities. The format of the appointment: letter of the Independent

letter of appointment of Independent Directors

4.

Mphasis Related Party Policy

5.

Corporate Social Responsibility Policy

6.

Board Diversity Policy

7.

Policy on material subsidiaries

8.

Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading

9.

Code of Conduct for Directors and employees of the Company

10.

Orientation process for the Directors

11.

Remuneration Policy for executives and directors

12.

Correspondence with Stock Exchanges

13.

Dividend Distribution Policy

14.

Document Retention and Archival Policy

15.

Policy for fair disclosure of UPSI

16.

Mphasis Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH) Policy

17.

Mphasis IP Policy

18.

Mphasis Anti-Slavery Policy

19.

Anti- Bribery and Corruption Policy

20.

Confidentiality Notice to Covered Persons

V.

Details of fees paid to the Statutory Auditors

The details of total fees paid by the Company and its subsidiaries to BSR & Co., LLP (including its network firms), the Statutory

Auditors of the Company, during the year is as follows:

(Amount in `)

Total fees paid by the Company

17,879,274

Total fees paid by the subsidiaries of the Company

975,100

VI.

INTERNAL CONTROLS

The Company has adequate internal control systems in place and has reasonable assurance on authorizing, recording and reporting

transactions of its operations in all material respects and in providing protection and safeguard against misuse or loss of assets

of the Company. The Company has in place, well documented procedures covering critical financial and operational functions

commensurate with the size and complexities of the organization.

DocuSign Envelope ID: 1726F824-3109-43FA-B728-AE99BF7CD525:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00020277)

DocuSign Envelope ID: 1726F824-3109-43FA-B728-AE99BF7CD525:

Dear shareholders,

The famous quote “sometimes nothing happens for decades, and sometimes decades happen in weeks”

– a very apt description of the fallout from the pandemic driven crisis. The human suffering and cost

notwithstanding, several outcomes of the crisis on businesses were a culmination of a few underlying

trends that already existed in the environment – from smartphone driven experiences, ever expanding

computing infrastructure with every device now being a computer, and many of them not mini, sensors,

connected devices and so on. Hence, it was not a surprise that once we transitioned to a “remote world”

these trends accelerated, adoption went through the roof, and disruption became rampant. This is the

perfect storm that enabled digital vanguards to accelerate their market position and spurred many

enterprises who had started on this journey, to accelerate their transformation roadmaps. These trends

are of tremendous interest to a business like Mphasis, since we service many enterprises that are in

many different stages of their digital transformation – as such, we are also now witnessing, the tailwinds

tied to their transformation acceleration.

A recent industry report stated Digital adoption is accelerating across industries – for both consumers and enterprises. For example, a

leading global bank added 5 million new customers on its mobile banking app in one quarter during the COVID-19 pandemic. E-commerce

penetration in US, for instance, increased by nearly 19 percent in the first quarter of 2020 compared to a 10 percent increase in the

previous decades. Meanwhile, with increasing focus on remote enablement, companies are also reporting an increase in the digital

skilling of their employees and are actively reviewing processes to identify opportunities for automation and digitization.

We expect to see continued investment throughout 2021 by enterprises in digital transformation. If 2020 was all about resilience and

continuity of business, 2021 is about clients starting to form, and budget for, medium-to-long term plans around digital transformation.

We see the opportunity in digital transformation broadly fitting in four buckets:

•

customer engagement using digital channels and design,

•

use of data in driving customer and operation analytics,

•

adoption of infrastructure and application transformation elements using cloud and

•

investments to transform core operations.

At Mphasis, our priority—now and always—has been the health and safety of our employees and this continues to be our focus. It is

crucial that we do what we can to prevent the further spread of this virus, which has already tragically impacted the world at large. We

have initiated various global business continuity protocols and other measures to ensure we maintain safe working environments and

seamless operations. We are confident that when this pandemic is over, we will be stronger and more prepared to tackle all challenges.

As an extension to our efforts, we have been awarded with The Economic Times Best Tech Brand of the year 2021’ under the “Most

Accelerated Digital Transformation Company”.

All our efforts are underpinned by our commitment to the community, and building a sustainable business remains fundamental to our

strategy; enabled by the power of technology and disruptive solutions. This year, we partnered with NGOs to facilitate immediate relief

efforts by means of over a million meals to the needy, medium term income recovery programs for 3,000+ families, and two tech start-

ups working on COVID-19 tracing and diagnostics. I am pleased to share with you that two of our CSR programs in partnership with Social

Alpha and IIMB- NSRCEL, focused on Incubation and Acceleration of Social Enterprises, have been awarded a Platinum Rating in

demonstrating the impact benefiting stakeholders, by Bluesky Sustainable Business LLP.

We are focused on creating long-term value for our investors, and the communities where we live and work. Environmental, social and

governance (“ESG”) principles are part of our DNA, and how we operate. We are proud of our positive influence our Corporate Social

Responsibility and Carbon Emission efforts have brought about in the past. We look forward to accelerating it further the coming year.

Best regards,

Mr. Nitin Rakesh

CEO and Executive Director

DocuSign Envelope ID: 63F7A739-72B1-49CD-9DC4-E181218BAA28:

letter to all our suppliers outlining the code of conduct that they must obey while dealing with us. The

bulk of our high-value purchases comes from vendors that emphasize on sustainability. We also promote local sourcing by

requiring the vendors to be in the same geographic area as the facilities they service. Local suppliers meet about 1.5 percent of

our specifications.

Supplier performance evaluation: At least once a year, the procurement department is responsible for providing key suppliers

with performance reviews. The performance analysis of a supplier includes reviewing the supplier's deliverables on key projects

and awarding a ranking that represents their performance. Technology, versatility, efficiency, and performance to name a few

non-price criteria are used in the assessment. Additional criteria can be added depending on the project or commodity.

All procurement over INR 25 lakhs goes through our Negotiation Committee (NC), which comprises of representative from

procurement, finance, and a user group. NC evaluate all the vendors and make the final decision. Diverse suppliers are given

priority, thus encouraging the use of suppliers, who are owned by minority, women owned, veterans, LGBT, People with

Disabilities (PwD), Small to Medium Enterprise (SME) , etc.

Managing our water footprint

For a water-stressed country like India, water conservation is critical. To the extent possible, wastewater provided by the usage is

reused and recycled, and the same is used for landscaping, planting, and toilet flushing. We have also installed water aerators to

reduce our water consumption from operations.

We have created an enabling atmosphere for employees to help them mitigate their impacts by raising awareness and engaging

them. We actively promote proactive environmental action in our employees through frequent activities in collaboration with

different NGOs, internal awareness programs, and demand side management approaches.

Environmental consciousness is promoted by sending daily emails to the Company explaining the benefits of simple practices such

as taking the stairs, carpooling, and turning off lights and machines while not in use to minimize the overall carbon footprint. We

have seen a reduction in emissions by connecting employee actions to carbon emissions and providing them with opportunities

to reduce their footprint.

Type of product/waste

Percentage of

product/waste

recycled

Details on methods of

disposal

Units of

measurement

Quantity of

waste recycled

Dry paper and paper

products

24%

Disposed

to

ITC

for

recycling

kg

10,981

Metal waste

-

Disposed to vendor

kg

265

Plastic waste

-

Disposed to vendor

kg

340.05

Food waste

34%

Disposed to builder

kg

15,688.4

Diesel oil generators

3%

Disposed

to

vendor

authorized

by

state

pollution control board

Litres

1,200

Table 3: Quantity of waste recycled and method of disposal

DocuSign Envelope ID: 63F7A739-72B1-49CD-9DC4-E181218BAA28:

letter is to ensure that

before we empanel them, they are aware of the code

of conduct and follow the same.

●

Annual survey is carried out to assess

the services provided by the selected

range of suppliers in different fields.

The inputs are obtained from the

stakeholders availing the services

DocuSign Envelope ID: 63F7A739-72B1-49CD-9DC4-E181218BAA28:

