Managing Director:

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S STATEMENT

Shri Mukesh D. Ambani

Chairman and: Managing

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S STATEMENT

Oil and gas segment also registered

a strong performance with sustained

gas production from KG D6 block.

Elevated inflation levels led to an

aggressive rate hike by central banks

through the financial year. Our

prudent financial framework helped

optimise the returns and minimise

the risks while providing adequate

liquidity to our businesses. Our strong

cash flows from operations have ably

supported growth capex requirements.

Over the past 2 years, 98% of the

company’s capex has been funded by

internally generated cash profits. This

has helped us maintain a strong and

conservative balance sheet and retain

superior investment grade ratings.

Robust Operational

Performance

Reliance touches the lives of

millions of consumers in India and

worldwide through its energy and

consumer businesses. Our teams

across businesses work dedicatedly

to achieve operational excellence and

deliver quality performance.

Premier League on Jio Cinema. Jio

Platforms powered the technology

behind streaming these events. The

new home broadband back up plan is

the latest addition to the bouquet of

broadband services and is expected to

grow the broadband market further.

Jio retained its preeminent position

in the Indian telecom space with

439.3 million subscribers as on

March 2023, with a net addition of

29.2 million subscribers during the

year. The strong growth in the digital

services business is aptly reflected in

its financial performance for the year.

With an increase of 24.9% from the

previous year, digital services EBITDA

for FY 2022-23 stood at `50,286 crore.

Jio commits itself to continually

innovate and launch newer

technologies and products and

expand the market for digital services.

Jio True 5G stack is one such feature

loaded indigenous technology,

offering superior performance. It is

secure, cost effective and also easy to

install. This technology is fully cloud

native, software defined, digitally

managed and supports advanced

features like Quantum Security.

Jio AirFiber is also an innovative

solution, offering clutter free and

high speed connectivity to users with

the capability of supporting multiple

devices simultaneously without

compromising on the quality of

connectivity. JioDive is a technology

that helps users to explore the virtual

reality universe through a smartphone

based headset. JioDive runs on the

JioImmerse application which offers

users exclusive VR experiences in

gaming, learning, entertainment

and wellness, all accessible through

their smartphone.

I believe Jio’s digital offerings have

established it as a strong market

leader in India’s digital services

ecosystem. The scale of Jio’s

operation and advantages of deep

penetration help Jio grow stronger

with the launch of each new offering.

Jio’s vision is to make the highest level

of connectivity available to the masses

at affordable prices at all times.

Retail

Reliance Retail further consolidated

its position as the largest retailer

in India and the only Indian retailer

to feature in the top 100 retailers

globally. FY 2022-23 witnessed

Reliance Retail cross the 1 billion

transactions mark.

The retail business expanded its

store network with over 3,300 new

stores added during the financial year,

taking the store tally to 18,040 stores

Pan-India. Our stores now cover

65.6 million sq ft of store area which

is a more than 50% growth of retail

space as compared to the previous

year. Footfalls increased by 50%

from last year to 780 million. The

registered customer base also grew

to 249 million, establishing Reliance

Retail as the preferred shopping venue

of Indian citizen across formats.

During the year, Reliance Retail

entered into the beauty segment by

launching the “Tira” digital platform

and opening its flagship store in

Mumbai. The business also expanded

its product basket through acquisitions

and partnerships at both local and

global levels like Metro, Campa Cola,

GAP, Pret A Manger, Lotus, Sosyo,

Maliban, Toffeeman to name a few.

Reliance Retails runs an integrated

network of physical stores, digital

commerce and new commerce

initiatives. Through digital brands like

Ajio and Netmeds, digital commerce

is scaling up at a rapid pace and is

contributing to the strong growth of

retail segment. The launch of JioMart

on WhatsApp is a truly novel initiative

which combines online shopping

experience with the simplicity of

instant chat services. Growth in

new commerce business has been

fast paced with rapid expansion

of its merchant partner network.

Currently, more than 3 million

merchants have partnered with our

new commerce platforms.

Retail segments EBITDA stood at

`17,974 crore which reflects a strong

44.7% increase from the previous

year. The EBITDA growth was well

supported by all verticals right from

grocery to fashion and lifestyle.

Reliance Retail is an indispensable part

of the Indian household’s shopping

experience not only in metro regions

but also in tier 2 and tier 3 cities.

Reliance Retail envisions to expand

its offerings and scale of operations

to make best in class products

available to the Indian consumers at

affordable prices.

During the year our teams across sites

worked towards finding sustainable

solutions. The first ever green

hydrogen production was achieved

with firing of torrefied biomass in

gasifiers. Biomass firing in Coal Fired

Boilers (CFBs) at petrochemical

sites increased to >11% of total feed

in line with our decarbonisation

efforts. Ethanol blending in motor

spirit (EBMS) facility was also

commissioned. We also successfully

commissioned the demo plant for

our patented Continuous Catalytic

Pyrolysis oil technology.

Our O2C business is transforming.

From switch to renewable sources

of energy and newer energy

technologies to promoting the

concept of circular economy especially

for our petrochemical products,

sustainable business techniques are

rapidly gaining momentum.

MJ field at the KG D6 Block

commenced production post testing

and commissioning activities. At

peak production of ~30 MMSCMD,

KG D6 block will contribute ~30%

of the domestic gas production.

Operationalization of the KG D6 MJ gas

field is a crucial step towards enhancing

India’s energy security.

Conclusion

Dear fellow shareholders, Reliance,

as a company has grown multifold by

delivering value to the citizens, the

country and global community. Our

products are ingrained in the lives of the

citizens and are an integral part of their

daily routines. Our various businesses

have always identified the needs of the

society and worked towards devising

and making available timely and

affordable solutions.

The current needs of the society are

sustainable solutions which can tackle

climate change through affordable

green energy and inclusive growth. Our

initiatives in New Energy businesses and

our consumer businesses are aimed at

meeting societal needs and aspirations.

Using the right technology, deploying

the right talent and through empowering

our young leaders, I am confident that

we can make the world a better place to

live in for future generations.

I would like to express my sincere

appreciation to the Board of Directors

for their continued guidance. I would

like to thank our teams across

businesses, for their dedicated work

and commitment to excellence. I would

also like to extend my gratitude to all

our stakeholders for their support and

unwavering faith in Reliance.

With best wishes,

Mukesh D. Ambani

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director of ICICI Bank and Chairman

of Infosys; Current Chairman of NaBFID; Awarded

Padma Bhushan for his contribution to the growth of the

banking sector

A career spanning over four decades with Reliance across

fibres, petrochemicals, refining, marketing and exploration

& production businesses

A banker and former Chairperson of India’s largest bank,

SBI; currently leads Indian operations of Salesforce, a global

leader in customer relationship management software

Shri Mukesh D. Ambani

Chairman and

Managing Director

Shri K. V. Chowdary

Independent Director

Shri Adil Zainulbhai

Independent Director

Shri Pawan Kumar Kapil

Executive Director*

His Excellency Yasir

Othman H. Al Rumayyan

Independent Director

Shri Hital R. Meswani

Executive Director

Dr. Shumeet Banerji

Independent Director

Smt. Nita M. Ambani

Non-Executive Director

Shri Nikhil R. Meswani

Executive Director

Shri Raminder Singh

Gujral

Independent Director

Shri K. V. Kamath

Independent Director

Shri P. M. S. Prasad

Executive Director

Smt. Arundhati

Bhattacharya

Independent Director

A brief resume of the Directors, nature of their

expertise in specific functional areas etc. are

available at

https://www.ril.com/ourcompany/leadership/

boardofdirectors.aspx

Board Snapshot

Board Governance Structure

4 Executive Directors

8 Non-Executive Directors

Tenure

0-5 years 4 Directors

5-10 years 4 Directors

10+ years 4 Directors

* Ceased to be a Director of the Company upon completion of his

5-year term as a whole-time director on May 15, 2023

24

25

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director, Shri. Mukesh

D. Ambani’s vision of nurturing startups. He recognised very early on that startups will

increasingly become a great powerhouse of talent, technology and innovation for the

country. We have another program Sponsored by Israel Innovation Authority (IIA), and in

partnership with OurCrowd and Yissum, to support the Start up ecosystem.

JioGenNext’s Market Access

Programme (MAP) engages startups

to explore opportunities within the

Reliance ecosystem and receive

hands-on guidance for scaling up.

JioGenNext has nurtured a rich

mentor pool over the years. It includes

senior leaders from the Reliance

ecosystem, startup founders and

CXOs from the industry.

The JioGenNext team spends quality

time with every founder to reflect on

various aspects of their business and

provide critical inputs and direction.

Reliance / Jio access

• Offers a unique 'customer-as-a-

mentor' model

• Build bridges for founders with

the Reliance and Jio ecosystem

• Establish and accelerate

interactions between startups

and internal stakeholders to

explore potential partnerships and

opportunities that can propel their

rapid growth.

Business Mentorship

Personalised and outcome

oriented advisory for each startup

on product innovation, go-to-

market strategy, hiring, marketing,

fundraising and product-market fit.

JioGenNext MAP’22

JioGenNext launched MAP’22 in FY 2022-23 with seven high potential startups. This year, JioGenNext has partnered with

MeitY Startup Hub (MSH), a nodal entity of the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, Government of India. The

partnership with MSH involves providing opportunities through the MAP to get access to Reliance, Jio and industry mentors as

well as investors and opportunities for developing proof of concept solutions.

Major Product Milestones and Special Recognitions of our Alumni

CloudHedge uses a product-led

approach to save huge time and cost

for large enterprises by modernising

and deploying their IT applications

on the cloud within weeks instead

of months.

ThinkerBell Labs: During the Digital

India Week, Hon’ble Prime Minister

Shri Narendra Modi engaged in an

interaction with Prathamesh Sinha,

an 11-year-old visually impaired child

who serves as the ambassador for

ThinkerBell Labs. ThinkerBell Labs

has developed a revolutionary device

called Annie, which aims to simplify

the learning of Braille language.

Navana.Ai, in collaboration with

Ujjivan Small Finance Bank, co-

created Hello Ujjivan – equipped with

voice, visual, and vernacular-enabled

features. The app supports voice

commands in eight Indian languages,

allowing the Bank’s customers to

perform various banking transactions

and access services.

EdgeNeural AI is a platform

that significantly reduces

the time and cost incurred

on developing, training, and

deploying ML models on

edge devices – hardware

that regulates data flow

between networks.

Skyware uses sensors and proprietary

AI models to predict and enable

early detection of grain spoilage

in warehouses, thus saving time,

money and wastage for agri-

commodity suppliers.

Dozee, an Indian medtech startup,

specialises in contactless remote

patient monitoring. Their flagship

product recently obtained clearance

from the US FDA (510(K) clearance).

This significant achievement allows

Dozee to expand its market presence

substantially, revolutionising the lives

of countless individuals worldwide.

Healthcare company Swaasa has

developed a smartphone application

that detects lower respiratory

tract infections. It won the Anjani

Mashelkar Inclusive Innovation Award

2022, which recognises prototype

innovations or commercialised

products/services. In addition to a

cash prize of `1 lakh, the award also

grants access to global mentors,

customers, and healthcare partners.

CloudHedge facilitates the rapid

implementation and management

of innovative technologies such as

cloud and containers for enterprises

on a large scale. It won the prestigious

‘Gartner Cool Vendor 2022’ award

for demonstrated ability to create

disruptive technology that delivers

tangible value to customers.

Meraqui alleviates the

challenges of recruiting,

onboarding, and managing

grey and blue-collared

contract workers for large

enterprises with a 'workforce-

as-a-service' platform. It is

built to manage the entire

hire-to-retire life cycle.

CloudWalker provides

software that transforms

the smart TV user

experience for customers of

small TV brands in India.

Salcit Technologies

Swaasa (A brand of Salcit

Technologies) uses the smartphone

to detect deadly lung diseases early,

thereby allowing hospitals and clinics

to save countless lives.

GMetriXR, Gmetri’s flagship product,

was utilised to develop the Metaverse

experience for Reliance’s 45th AGM.

It allowed users to virtually navigate

through a lounge and interactively

explore the company’s business

highlights for FY 2021-22 by entering

various virtual rooms.

Vitra AI brings the world

closer by translating videos,

images, podcasts, and

text in 50+ languages. It

is the only tool customers

will need for all and any

transcription, translation,

and synthesis requirements.

JioGenNext: Nine years of impact

18 startup mentorship

programmes conducted

13,670+ applications

received from aspiring

entrepreneurs

177 startups mentored

$545 million collectively

raised by alumni startups in

early-stage venture capital

118 alumni startups have

raised funding

73 startups have raised

institutional funding

27 alumni startups acquired

by the industry

55+ alumni startups have

engaged with Reliance/Jio

The FY 2022-23 cohort

34

35

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

HIGHLIGHTS OF FY 2022-23

Committed to investing in

Solar and Hydrogen Giga

factories, value chain,

partnerships, and future

technologies

172

173

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

INTEGRATED APPROACH TO SUSTAINABLE GROWTH

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

UN SDGs

Integrated and aligned with

national and global standards

BRSR

Principle 6

→ PAGE 64

~H75,000 CRORE

INVESTMENT ANNOUNCED BY

THE COMPANY TO ESTABLISH A

FULLY INTEGRATED NEW ENERGY

MANUFACTURING ECOSYSTEM

www.ril.com/DownloadFiles/

BRSR202223.pdf:

Managing Director, Reliance Industries

The tenets of Institutional Leadership

Capacity Building

At the 45th Reliance AGM held on August 29, 2022, the

Chairman, outlined the Company’s ten tenets for building

leadership capital through nurturing the Founder Mindset

at Reliance – now and in the future.

Among the ten capitals outlined, the following eight are designed to strengthen the Company’s Human Capital.

People

Capital

Reliance has an ongoing focus on human capital development by investing in and nurturing the skills,

knowledge, and abilities of the workforce. Mentoring is facilitated for employees to gain valuable insights

into the Company culture and best practices, enhance productivity and grow professionally.

Capability

Capital

Promoting Capability Capital entails investing in and nurturing the skills, knowledge, and abilities of

employees to expand their capabilities and improve their performance. Reliance ensures this through

career acceleration programmes designed to help employees advance their careers through training and

development opportunities, mentoring, and coaching.

Talent review and succession planning helps identify employees most likely to be successful in leadership

roles and other key positions.

Achievement

Capital

To build a positive culture of recognition and motivation within the Company, Reliance rewards and

honours achievers who exceed expectations. This reward might be in the form of financial incentives,

promotions, plaques or public recognition.

Relationship

Capital

To strengthen relationship capital within the organisation, Reliance fosters a positive and inclusive

organisational culture through regular team-building activities, open and transparent communication,

and opportunities for employees to connect outside of work. Regular meetings, clear and concise

communication channels, and opportunities for employees to work together on projects and initiatives to

promote effective communication and collaboration.

Trust Capital

Trust is a critical component of functioning at Reliance since it allows people to work together effectively,

make decisions quickly and confidently, and build long-term relationships. At Reliance, leaders and

managers are encouraged to promote transparency and build regular communication with employees at all

levels to create and maintain a sense of trust.

Cooperation

Capital

Reliance believes that cooperation is essential to achieving goals and objectives, as it allows people

to work together effectively and maximise their collective expertise and resources. The Company has

included cooperation as an integral part of its Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and promotes cross-

functional collaboration.

Reliance has created channels for open and regular communication and feedback to help employees work

together effectively and solve problems quickly and efficiently.

Empathy

Capital

Reliance believes compassionate capitalism needs compassionate leaders. Empathy capital at Reliance

is symbolic of the organisation’s compassionate leadership. Empathy is important for Reliance because it

allows people at the Company to connect with one another on a deeper level, understand and respect one

another’s perspectives and experiences, and work together more effectively.

Reliance also highlights empathy capital by encouraging employees to give back to the community and be

socially responsible.

Integrity

Capital

Reliance upholds the highest standards of integrity and ethical behaviour. Ethics is one of the five

enablers of the Company’s strategy and, is a source of our competitive strength. Reliance is committed

to establishing a culture of integrity, transparency, openness and compliance – as evident in our Values,

Behaviours, and Code of Conduct.

Reliance considers itself an integral part of the business ecosystem and takes it upon itself to extend

all support to our business partners to also work towards ethical conduct of business. Towards this, an

e-learning module – "Satarkata" – has been rolled out, and access is provided to identified business

associates. This will help vendors better understand Reliance’s Anti-Bribery Management System (ABMS)

and create the right levels of awareness about the Company’s expectations of ethical conduct from

business partners.

Labour Management

and Human Rights

Reliance follows the principles of

the United Nations Global Compact

on human rights, labour practices,

environmental protection, and

anti-corruption. The Company’s

operations adhere to local and

national regulations and also ensure

adherence to the Code of Conduct.

Collective bargaining agreements cover

the majority of permanent workers

across all manufacturing facilities. No

instances of child labour, forced labour,

involuntary labour, sexual harassment,

or discriminatory employment were

reported during the reporting period.

Men and women in the same roles

receive equal pay at the entry-level

in Reliance.

Business Ethics,

Integrity and

Transparency

Reliance’s Code of Conduct defines

the behaviour expected from all the

employees and stakeholders and

lays down the policies and systems

for effective implementation. These

guidance documents enable employees

to operate with ethics, integrity and

transparency at all times. The HR

Leadership periodically evaluates

the people policies to keep them

relevant to changing regulatory and

market requirements.

An Ethics and Compliance Task Force

(ECTF) is in place to oversee and

monitor the implementation of ethical

business practices within Reliance. All

complaints related to ethics, non-

compliance and violations of the

Company’s Code of Conduct received

by ECTF are reviewed and reported to

the Audit Committee every quarter.

Reliance has proactively taken measures

to combat bribery and corruption. The

Company has established a robust

Anti-Bribery Management System

(ABMS) as an additional pillar to support

existing governance mechanisms.

ABMS is a systematic framework of

policy and processes set up by Reliance

to help prevent, detect and respond to

bribery risks.

The Company has mandatory e-learning

courses to help employees understand

the norms required to work in a safe,

compliant and ethical manner through

the ABMS system. The learning

module sensitises employees about

the concept of bribery, how it happens,

and its various types, causes, and

effects. The module helps recognise

red flags indicating bribery, advises

about overcoming bribery, and explains

the link between ABMS and Reliance’s

Code of Conduct. The module also

emphasises the importance of ABMS

violation reporting. It highlights

Reliance’s expectations from employees

and business associates in the context

of its Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption

(ABAC) policy.

To benchmark itself against the best

in class, Reliance has adopted the ISO

37001:2016 standards for its ABMS.

Grievance Redressal

Mechanisms

Employees and other stakeholders are

required to report actual or suspected

violations of applicable laws and

regulations and the Code of Conduct.

Reliance has established a robust

mechanism through a Vigil Mechanism

and Whistle-blower Policy for reporting

and handling of such violations, termed

as ‘Reportable Matters’. Under this

policy, the employees are encouraged

to report any such violations without

fear of retaliation. For easy access, the

Vigil Mechanism and Whistle-blower

Policy is hosted on the website of the

Company. The whistle-blower can

make a protected disclosure either to

the Ethics and Compliance Task Force

or directly to the Audit Committee via

e-mail, telephone or: letter without fear

of any reprisal.

WAY FORWARD

Reliance is leading the

movement to build the next

generation of leaders who

will significantly contribute

to the advancement of

India and the world.

The Company aspires to

advance its internal talent

management system to

accelerate the development

of employees while ensuring

their overall emotional and

physical wellbeing. Reliance

will embed the principles

of diversity and inclusion

deeper into its core strategic

intent and across its

operations and value chain.

Implementing globally

benchmarked Health,

Safety and Environment

practices will continue to

be a critical focus for the

Company.

The Company has outlined

ten tenets to develop

institutional leadership

capacity and intends to

relentlessly nurture human

capital by significantly

focusing on identified

parameters. The Company

places the greatest value on

the power of human thought

and compassion and will

strive to maintain this

culture to deliver sustainable

and consistent value to its

stakeholders and others.

letter based

on review and classification of findings

for potential risk to sustainability

framework; and discussion of the

observations and findings with the

sustainability team.

Scope, Boundary, and

Limitations

The scope of assurance covers the

select non-financial sustainability

data related to the disclosures based

on the reference reporting criteria, as

mentioned below:

• The boundary of our assurance

covers the select non-financial

sustainability disclosures of RIL’s

manufacturing divisions, refineries,

exploration and production in

India; business divisions namely

chemicals, fibre intermediates,

petroleum, polyester, polymers,

Recron and RP Chemicals units

in Malaysia, petro-retail division

facilities under Reliance BP

Mobility Limited (RBML), terminal

operations, LPG, Reliance Jio

Infocomm Limited (RJIL), Reliance

Retail Ventures Limited (RRVL),

and corporate office at Reliance

Corporate Park, Navi Mumbai.

• The reporting period for all the

above business units except Recron

and RP Chemicals, Malaysia was

from 01 April 2022 to 31 March

2023. The reporting period for

Recron and RP Chemicals, Malaysia

was from 01 January 2022 to

31 December 2022.

• The scope of reasonable

assurance included total number

of employees, employee turnover,

new employee hires, diversity of

governance bodies and employees,

parental leave and total manhours

of training for Reliance Group. The

sustainability data for RIL covered

under reasonable assurance were

total energy consumption, reduction

in energy consumption, renewable

energy generated, direct (scope 1)

GHG emissions and energy indirect

(scope 2) GHG emissions, quantity

of flared and vented hydrocarbons,

emissions of total particulate

matter, oxides of nitrogen,

oxides of sulphur, and volatile

organic compounds (VOC), water

withdrawal, waste water discharged,

water recycled, hazardous and

non-hazardous waste disposed,

hazardous and non-hazardous

waste diverted from disposal,

and Lost Time Injury Frequency

Rate (LTIFR). For Recron Malaysia

and RP Chemicals Malaysia, the

performance data namely total

energy consumption, direct (scope

1) GHG emissions, energy indirect

(scope 2) GHG emissions, emissions

of total particulate matter, oxides of

nitrogen, oxides of sulphur, water

withdrawal, wastewater discharged,

water recycled, hazardous and

non-hazardous waste disposed,

hazardous and non-hazardous

waste diverted from disposal,

and LTIFR were covered under

reasonable assurance. For the

purpose of our assurance, the total

energy consumption and GHG

emissions data for JMD-PCG has

been excluded, accordingly our

assurance covers significant majority

of the total Scope-1 and Scope-2

GHG emissions as reported. For

Reliance Retail Ventures Limited

(RRVL), the data on Lost Time

224

225

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

INTEGRATED APPROACH TO SUSTAINABLE GROWTH

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director (CMD) provides

overall direction and guidance to

the Board. In the operations and

functioning of the Company, the CMD

is assisted by Executive Directors and

a core group of senior level executives.

“Between my past, the present and the future, there is

one common factor: Relationship and Trust. This is the

foundation of our growth.”

Shri Dhirubhai H. Ambani

Founder Chairman

K. Sethuraman

Savithri Parekh

Jyoti Jain

Sridhar

Kothandaraman

Ratnesh

Rukhariyar

At Reliance, Corporate Governance is a journey of ensuring inclusive growth.

The framework of governance encompasses accountability, fairness and

transparency in its operations.

This report is prepared in accordance

with the provisions of the Securities

and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015

(Listing Regulations) and the report

contains the details of Corporate

Governance systems and processes

at Reliance Industries Limited (“RIL” or

“the Company”).

This report is divided into

following sections:

1.

Statement on Company’s

Philosophy on Code

of Governance

2.

Corporate Governance Structure,

Policies and Practices

3.

Board of Directors

4.

Board Committees

5.

Framework for monitoring

Subsidiary Companies

6.

General Body Meetings

7.

Means of Communication

8.

General Shareholder Information

9.

Other Disclosures

Statement on Company’s

Philosophy on Code of

Governance

Corporate Governance encompasses

a set of systems and practices to

ensure that the Company’s affairs

are managed in a manner which

ensures accountability, transparency

and fairness in all transactions in the

widest sense. The objective is to meet

stakeholders’ aspirations and societal

expectations. Good governance

practices stem from the dynamic

culture and positive mindset of the

organisation. We are committed

to meet the aspirations of all our

stakeholders. This is demonstrated

in shareholder returns, high credit

ratings, awards and recognitions,

governance processes and an

entrepreneurial performance focussed

work environment. Additionally,

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

228

229

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT:

Managing Director is published in

this Report.

Vigil Mechanism and Whistle-

blower Policy

The Company promotes safe, ethical

and compliant conduct of all its

business activities and has put in

place a mechanism for reporting

illegal or unethical behaviour. The

Company has a Vigil Mechanism and

Whistle-blower policy under which the

employees are encouraged to report

violations of applicable laws and

regulations and the Code of Conduct

– without fear of any retaliation. The

reportable matters may be disclosed

to the Ethics & Compliance Task Force

which operates under the supervision

of the Audit Committee. Employees

may also report violations to the

Chairman of the Audit Committee

and there was no instance of denial of

access to the Audit Committee.

The Vigil Mechanism and Whistle

blower Policy is available on the

website of the Company.

Anti-Bribery & Anti-

Corruption Policy

The Company is committed in

doing business with integrity and

transparency and has a zero-tolerance

approach to non-compliance with

the anti-bribery policy. The Company

prohibits bribery, corruption and any

form of improper payments / dealings

in the conduct of business operations.

Training / awareness programs are

conducted on periodical basis to

sensitise employees.

The Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption

Policy is available on the website of

the Company.

Prevention of Sexual

Harassment of Women at

Workplace

In accordance with the requirements

of the Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention,

Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013

(“POSH Act”) along with the Rules

made thereunder, the Company has

in place a policy which mandates

no tolerance against any conduct

amounting to sexual harassment of

women at workplace. The Company

has constituted Internal Complaints

Committee(s) (“ICCs”) to redress and

resolve any complaints arising under

the POSH Act. Training / awareness

programs are conducted throughout

the year to create sensitivity towards

ensuring respectable workplace.

Risk Management, Internal

Controls and Compliance

The Company has put in place the

“Reliance Management System”

(“RMS”) as a part of its transformation

agenda. RMS incorporates an

integrated framework for managing

risks and internal controls. The

Ethics &

Compliance

Task Force

Corporate

Social

Responsibility

and Governance

Committee

Risk

Management

Committee

Finance

Committee

Human

Resources,

Nomination and

Remuneration

Committee

Environmental,

Social and

Governance

Committee

Stakeholders’

Relationship

Committee

Audit

Committee

RIL Governance Structure

Shareholders

Board of Directors

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

230

231

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00001695)

Citizen of India

Appointed

April 1, 1977

Shareholding*

80,52,020 equity shares

Other Directorship(s)*#

2

Directorship in other listed company(ies)

and category of directorship*

Nil

Committee membership(s) /

chairmanship(s) in other company(ies) *^

Nil

Areas of expertise

• Leadership / Operational experience

• Strategic Planning

• Industry Experience, Research &

Development and Innovation

• Global Business

• Financial, Regulatory / Legal &

Risk Management

• Corporate Governance

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

232

233

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director and Whole-time Directors is for 5

(five) years from their respective date of appointment and can be terminated by

either party by giving three months’ notice in writing. They are also eligible for

re-appointment. There is no separate provision for payment of severance fees.

Remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors for the

Financial Year 2022-23

(C in crore)

Name of the Director

Sitting Fee

Commission

Total

Prof. Dipak C. Jain*

0.01

0.61

0.62

Dr. Raghunath A. Mashelkar*

0.11

0.61

0.72

Adil Zainulbhai

0.32

2.00

2.32

Raminder Singh Gujral

0.28

2.00

2.28

Dr. Shumeet Banerji

0.21

2.00

2.21

Arundhati Bhattacharya

0.17

2.00

2.17

His Excellency Yasir Othman H. Al Rumayyan

0.04

2.00

2.04

K. V. Chowdary

0.38

2.00

2.38

K. V. Kamath**

0.03

0.39

0.42

Nita M. Ambani

0.06

2.00

2.06

Total

1.61

15.61

17.22

* ceased to be a director upon completion of term on July 20, 2022.

** assumed office as an Independent Director w.e.f. January 20, 2023.

During the year, there were no other pecuniary relationships or transactions of

Non-Executive Directors with the Company. The Company has not granted any

stock options to its Non-Executive Directors.

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

238

239

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

letter dated March 19,

2021 granting an opportunity to

the Company to make additional

submissions and personal hearing

in the matter. The Company

filed additional submissions in

the matter. The AO, vide his

order dated September 20,

2021, disposed off the show

cause notice without levy of

any penalty.

(ii)

On December 16, 2010, SEBI

issued a show cause notice

(SCN), inter alia to the Company

(RIL) in connection with the

trades by RIL in the stock

exchanges in 2007 in the shares

of Reliance Petroleum Limited,

then a subsidiary of RIL. Hearings

were held before the Whole

Time Member (WTM) of SEBI

in respect of the SCN. By an

order dated March 24, 2017, the

WTM passed the directions: (i)

prohibiting inter alia RIL from

dealing in equity derivatives in

the ‘Futures & Options’ segment

of stock exchanges, directly or

indirectly, for a period of one

year from the date of the order;

The voting rights on the shares in

the suspense account as on March

31, 2023 shall remain frozen till the

rightful owner claims the shares.

Other Disclosures

Disclosure on materially

significant related party

transactions that may have

potential conflict with the

Company’s interests at large

There were no materially significant

related party transactions which could

have potential conflict with interest of

the Company at large.

The Company’s Policy on Materiality

of Related Party Transactions and

on dealing with Related Party

Transactions is available on the

website of the Company.

The Company’s major related party

transactions are generally with its

subsidiaries and associates. The

related party transactions are entered

into based on considerations of

various business exigencies, such

as synergy in operations, sectoral

specialisation and the Company’s

long-term strategy for sectoral

investments, optimisation of market

share, profitability, legal requirements,

liquidity and capital resources of

subsidiaries and associates.

All the contracts / arrangements /

transactions entered by the Company

during the financial year with related

parties were in its ordinary course of

business and on an arm’s length basis.

During the FY 2022-23, contracts/

arrangements/transactions which

were material, were entered into with

related parties in accordance with the

policy of the Company on Materiality

of Related Party Transactions and

on dealing with Related Party

Transactions. The Company has made

full disclosure of transactions with the

related parties as set out in Note 35

of Standalone Financial Statement,

forming part of the Annual Report.

Details of non-compliance

by the Company, penalties,

strictures imposed on the

Company by stock exchange

or SEBI, or any statutory

authority, on any matter

related to capital markets,

during the last three years

(i)

The Securities and Exchange

Board of India (SEBI), on

August 8, 2014 had passed an

adjudication order on a show

cause notice issued to the

Company for alleged non-

disclosure of the diluted Earnings

and (ii) to RIL to disgorge an

amount of C 447.27 crore along

with interest at the rate of 12%

per annum from November 29,

2007 till the date of payment.

In May 2017, RIL and the other

noticees filed an appeal before

the Securities Appellate Tribunal

(SAT) against this order. SAT, by

a majority order (2:1), dismissed

the appeal on November 5,

2020 and directed RIL to pay

the disgorged amount within

sixty days from the date of the

order. The appeal of RIL and

other noticees has been admitted

by the Hon’ble Supreme Court

of India. By its order dated

December 17, 2020, the Hon’ble

Supreme Court of India directed

RIL to deposit C 250 crore in

the Investors’ Protection Fund,

subject to the final result of the

appeal and stayed the recovery

of the balance, inclusive of

interest, pending the appeal.

RIL has complied with the order

dated December 17, 2020 of the

Hon’ble Supreme Court of India.

In the very same matter, on

November 21, 2017, SEBI issued

show cause notice, inter alia, to

RIL, asking RIL to show cause

as to why inquiry should not be

held in terms of SEBI (Procedure

for Holding Inquiry and Imposing

Penalties by Adjudicating Officer)

Rules, 1995 and penalty not be

imposed under the provisions

of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India Act, 1992. The

Adjudicating Officer of SEBI

passed an order on January 1,

2021 imposing a penalty of C 25

crore on RIL. RIL has paid the

penalty under protest and has

filed an appeal before the SAT

against this order.

(iii) The Company had issued

debentures with convertible

warrants in the year 1994 and

allotted equity shares against

the warrants in the year 2000.

In this matter, SEBI had filed a

complaint on July 16, 2020, inter

alia against the Company before

the Special Court, Mumbai, for

taking cognizance of alleged

offences under Regulations 3,

5 and 6 of SEBI (Prohibition of

Fraudulent and Unfair Trade

Practices relating to Securities

Market) Regulations, 1995 and

section 77(2) and section 77A

of Companies Act, 1956. The

Special Court, Mumbai, vide

order dated September 30, 2020,

dismissed SEBI’s complaint as

barred by limitation. Against

the said order of the Special

Court, SEBI has filed a revision

application before the Hon’ble

High Court, Bombay and the

same is pending.

(iv) On December 22, 2021, SEBI

issued a show cause notice inter

alia to RIL asking it to show

cause as to why inquiry should

not be held against it in terms

of SEBI (Procedure for Holding

Inquiry and Imposing Penalties

by Adjudicating Officer) Rules,

1995 read with Section 15I of

the Securities and Exchange

Board of India Act, 1992 for

alleged violation of Principle No.

4 under Schedule A – Principles

for Fair Disclosure of UPSI read

with Regulation 8(1) of SEBI

(Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015 read with

Regulation 30(11) of SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations,

2015. The alleged violation,

if established, will make RIL

liable for monetary penalty

(of not less than C 1 lakh and

which may extend to maximum

of C 1 crore) under Section 15HB

of the SEBI Act, 1992. RIL has

filed a detailed reply to this show

cause notice. The Adjudicating

Officer of SEBI has passed an

order on June 20, 2022 imposing

a penalty of C 30 lakh. Appeal has

been filed before the Securities

Appellate Tribunal (“SAT”) against

this order. SAT has stayed the

operation of the order dated June

20, 2022 and appeal is pending.

Disclosures in relation to

the Sexual Harassment

of Women at Workplace

(Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013

The Company is committed to provide

a work environment which ensures

that every employee is treated with

dignity, respect and afforded equal

treatment. Please refer Human Capital

section of Management Discussion

and Analysis Report, for more details.

Details of Loans and

advances in the nature of loans

to firms/companies in which

directors are interested

The Company has not given any loans

or advances to any firm / company

in which its directors are interested.

Loans granted to subsidiaries are

given in Notes to the Standalone

Financial Statement.

Agreements relating to the

Company

There are no agreements with any

party which impact the management

or control of the Company or impose

any restriction or create any liability

upon the Company.

Adoption of Mandatory and

Discretionary Requirements

The Company has complied with all

mandatory requirements of Regulation

34 of the Listing Regulations.

The Company has adopted the

following discretionary requirements

of the Listing Regulations:

Audit Qualification

The Company is in the regime

of unmodified opinions on

financial statements.

Reporting of Internal Auditor

The Internal Audit Department

of the Company, co-sourced with

professional firms of Chartered

Accountants, reports directly to the

Audit Committee.

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

256

257

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

(CMD) and the Chief Financial Officer

(CFO) of the Company give annual

certification on financial reporting

and internal controls to the Board in

terms of Regulation 17(8) of the Listing

Regulations, copy of which is attached

to this Report. The CMD and the

CFO also give quarterly certification

on financial results while placing the

financial results before the Board

in terms of Regulation 33(2) of the

Listing Regulations.

Compliance Certificate of the

Auditors

Certificate from the Company’s

Auditors, Deloitte Haskins & Sells

LLP, Chartered Accountants and

Chaturvedi & Shah LLP, Chartered

Accountants, confirming compliance

with conditions of Corporate

Governance, as stipulated under

Regulation 34 of the Listing

Regulations, is attached to this Report.

Certificate on Compliance

with Code of Conduct

I hereby confirm that the Company

has obtained from all the members of

the Board and Senior Management

Personnel, the affirmation that they

have complied with the ‘Code of

Conduct’ and ‘Our Code’ in respect of

the FY 2022-23.

Mukesh D. Ambani

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Mumbai

Date: July 21, 2023

Secretarial Audit Report of Material Subsidiaries

Secretarial Audit Report of Jio Platforms Limited

For the Financial Year ended March 31, 2023

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To

The Members,

Jio Platforms Limited

Office - 101, Saffron, Nr. Centre Point

Panchwati 5 Rasta, Ambawadi

Ahmedabad, Gujarat 380006

We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and adherence to good

corporate practices by Jio Platforms Limited [CIN: U72900GJ2019PLC110816] (hereinafter called the ‘Company’) for

the financial year ended March 31, 2023 (hereinafter called the ‘period under audit’). Secretarial Audit was conducted

in a manner that provided us with a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and

expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records

maintained by the Company and provided to us including through permitted access to the Company’s in-house portal as

also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of

audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the period under audit, complied with the statutory

provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place

to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter.

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the

Company for the period under audit according to the provisions of:

i.

The Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Rules framed thereunder;

ii.

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder; and

iii.

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign

Direct Investment and Overseas Direct Investments.

We have also examined compliance by the Company with the Secretarial Standard on Meetings of Board of Directors and

its Committees (SS-1) and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries

of India.

During the period under audit, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Standards,

etc. mentioned above.

During the period under audit, provisions of the following Acts, Rules and Regulations were not applicable to

the Company:

i.

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations made thereunder to the extent they relate

to External Commercial Borrowings;

ii.

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and the Rules framed thereunder;

iii.

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992:-

a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993

regarding the Act and dealing with clients;

b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015;

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; *

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

262

263

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of

this report.

Annexure A

To,

The Members,

Jio Platforms Limited

Office - 101, Saffron, Nr. Centre Point

Panchwati 5 Rasta, Ambawadi

Ahmedabad - 380006

Re : Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

The compliance of the provisions or corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards, is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test-check basis.

2.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion

on these secretarial records based on our audit.

3.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test check basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the process and practices, we followed provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

4.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of

the Company.

5.

Wherever required, we have obtained management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events, etc.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For BNP & Associates

Company Secretaries

[Firm Regn. No. P2014MH037400]

PR/No. 637/2019

Kalidas Ramaswami

Partner

FCS: 2440 / CP No. 22856

UDIN: F002440E00145286

Date: 20/04/2023

Place: Mumbai

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

264

265

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of

this report.

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

266

267

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the Management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion

on the secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were considered appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test-check basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the process and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of

the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of material events, etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions or corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards, is the

responsibility of the Management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test-check basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For BNP & Associates

Company Secretaries

[FRN: P2014MH037400]

PR No : 637/2019

Kalidas Ramaswami

Partner

Date: April 21, 2023

FCS : 2440 / COP: 22856

Place: Mumbai

(UDIN: F002440E000163326)

Secretarial Audit Report of Reliance Retail Limited

For the Financial Year ended March 31, 2023

[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No.9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel), Rules, 2014]

To,

The Members,

Reliance Retail Limited

3rd Floor, Court House

Lokmanya Tilak Marg

Dhobi Talao, Mumbai- 400 002

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to

good corporate practices by Reliance Retail Limited (“the Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner

that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/ statutory compliances and expressing our

opinion thereon.

Management’s responsibility

The Management along with the Board of Directors are responsible for ensuring that the Company complies with the

provisions of all applicable laws and maintains the required statutory records and documents in the prescribed manner.

Auditor’s responsibility

Based on audit, our responsibility is to express an opinion on the compliance with the applicable laws and maintenance of

records by the Company. We conducted our audit in accordance with the auditing standards CSAS 1 to CSAS 4 (“CSAS”)

prescribed by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. These standards require that the auditor complies with

statutory and regulatory requirements and plans and performs the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about compliance

with applicable laws and maintenance of records.

Due to the inherent limitations of an audit including internal, financial and operating controls, there is an unavoidable risk

that some misstatements or material non-compliances may not be detected, even though the audit is properly planned

and performed in accordance with the CSAS.

Basis for Opinion

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in the secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis

for our opinion.

Opinion

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records

maintained by the Company and provided as scanned copies in physical or electronic mode or through permitted access

to the Company’s in-house portal and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized

representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during

the audit period covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2023 (“the Financial Year”), complied with the statutory

provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place

to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter.

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the

Company for the Financial Year according to the provisions of:

i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the rules made thereunder;

ii)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder - Not Applicable to the

Company during the Audit Period;

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

268

269

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

letter:

1.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company and financial statements and disclosures made therein.

2.

Wherever required, we have obtained a Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events, etc.

3.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Shashikala Rao & Co.

Company Secretaries

ICSI Unique Code: P2010MH067400

PR 845/2020

Shashikala Rao

Partner

Place: Mumbai

FCS: 3866 CP No. 9482

Date: April 20, 2023

UDIN: F003866E000157461

Secretarial Audit Report of Reliance Retail Ventures Limited

For the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2023

[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,

The Members,

Reliance Retail Ventures Limited

CIN: U51909MH2006PLC166166

4th Floor, Court House,

Lokmanya Tilak Marg,

Dhobi Talao,

Mumbai- 400002

We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance with applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to

good corporate practices by Reliance Retail Ventures Limited (hereinafter called the “Company”) for the Financial Year

ended 31st March, 2023. Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating

the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records

maintained by the Company and furnished to us through access to the Company’s in-house portal and also the

information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of

secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial

year ended on 31st March 2023, complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has

proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting

made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the

Company for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2023 according to the provisions of:

i.

The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the rules made thereunder;

ii.

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder - Not Applicable as the

Securities of the Company are not listed on any Stock Exchange.

iii.

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;

iv.

The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of

Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings: Not Applicable to the

extent of External Commercial Borrowings;

v.

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992

(‘SEBI Act’) : are Not Applicable as the Securities of the Company are not listed on any Stock Exchange;

a.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011-

except to the extent of being a promoter as defined, of a listed entity;

b.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

c.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;

d.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)

Regulations, 2021;

e.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993

regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;

f.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021;

g.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018;

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

272

273

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A hereto and forms an integral part of

this report.

For S. N. ANANTHASUBRAMANIAN & Co.

Company Secretaries

ICSI Unique Code: P1991MH040400

Peer Review Cert. No.: 606/2019

Aparna Gadgil

Partner

ACS: 14713| COP No.: 8430

ICSI UDIN: A014713E000159440

21st April, 2023 | Thane

Annexure A

To,

The Members,

Reliance Retail Ventures Limited

CIN: U51909MH2006PLC166166

4th Floor, Court House,

LokmanyaTilakMarg,

Dhobi Talao,

Mumbai- 400002

Our Secretarial Audit Report for the financial year ended 31st March 2023 of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

Management’s Responsibility

1.

It is the responsibility of the management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise proper systems

to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are

adequate and operate effectively.

Auditor’s Responsibility

2.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures followed by the

Company with respect to secretarial compliances.

3.

We have conducted the Audit as per the applicable Auditing Standards issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India.

4.

We believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company’s management is adequate and

appropriate for us to provide a basis for our opinion.

5.

Wherever required, we have obtained reasonable assurance about whether the statements prepared, documents or

Records, in relation to Secretarial Audit, maintained by the Auditee, are free from misstatement.

6.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management’s representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events, etc

Disclaimer

7.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

8.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of

the Company.

For S. N. ANANTHASUBRAMANIAN & Co.

Company Secretaries

ICSI Unique Code: P1991MH040400

Peer Review Cert. No.: 606/2019

Aparna Gadgil

Partner

ACS: 14713| COP No.: 8430

ICSI UDIN: A014713E000159440

21st April, 2023 | Thane

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

274

275

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

letter dated October 13, 2022.

2.

We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants and Chaturvedi & Shah LLP, Chartered Accountants, the

Statutory Auditors of Reliance Industries Limited (“the Company”), have examined the compliance of conditions

of Corporate Governance by the Company, for the year ended on March 31, 2023, as stipulated in regulations 17 to

27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the Listing Regulations). This report is required by the Company for

annual submission to the stock exchange and to be sent to the Shareholders of the Company.

Managements’ Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management including the

preparation and maintenance of all relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility also includes

the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the

conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for

ensuring compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of

opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5.

We have examined the books of account and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company

for the purposes of providing reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by

the Company.

6.

We have carried out an examination of the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note

on Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI),

the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act 2013, in so far as applicable for the

purpose of this certificate and as per the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the

ICAI which requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality

Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and

Related Services Engagements.

8.

The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks associated

in compliance of the Corporate Governance Report with the applicable criteria. The procedures include but

not limited to verification of secretarial records and financial information of the Company and obtained

necessary representations.

9.

The procedures also include examining evidence supporting the particulars in the Corporate Governance Report on

a test basis. Further, our scope of work under this report did not involve us performing audit tests for the purposes

of expressing an opinion on the fairness or accuracy of any of the financial information or the financial statements of

the Company taken as a whole.

Opinion

10. Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations provided

to us and the representations provided by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the

conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and

para C and D of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations during the year ended March 31, 2023,

11.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on Use

12. This report is addressed to and provided to the members of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling it to

comply with its obligations under the Listing Regulations and should not be used by any other person or for any

other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care or for any other purpose or

to any other party to whom it is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing. We

have no responsibility to update this report for events and circumstances occurring after the date of this report.

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

For Chaturvedi & Shah LLP

Chartered Accountants

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018

Firm’s Registration No. 101720W/W-100355

Abhijit A. Damle

Sandesh Ladha

Partner

Partner

Membership No. 102912

Membership No. 047841

UDIN: 23102912BGXWAZ1106

UDIN: 23047841BGVNMQ5694

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: July 21, 2023

Date: July 21, 2023

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

276

277

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director of

the Company, assisting him on a wide

range of strategic issues with effect

from June 1, 2023, after 30 years of

distinguished service.

He was appointed as the Chief

Financial Officer of the Company

in 2005. He joined Reliance in 1993

and was responsible for finance,

banking relationships and capital

market transactions.

The Board appreciates the contribution

made by Shri Alok Agarwal in the

transformative journey of the

Company.

The Board of Directors of the Company,

based on the recommendation of the

HRNR Committee, designated Shri

Srikanth Venkatachari as the Chief

Financial Officer of the Company with

effect from June 1, 2023. He was the

Joint Chief Financial Officer of the

Company since 2011.

Shri Pawan Kumar Kapil completed

his 5-year term as a whole-time

director of the Company, on May 15,

2023. Upon completion of his term,

he also ceased to be a Director of

the Company.

The Board places on record its sincere

appreciation for the contribution

made by Shri Pawan Kumar Kapil

during his long tenure on the Board of

the Company.

Given his vast experience of around

56 years in the field of hydrocarbons

and long tenure with the Company,

he continues to be associated with

the Company.

The Company has received

declarations from all the Independent

Directors of the Company

confirming that:

a)

they meet the criteria of

independence prescribed

under the Act and the Listing

Regulations; and

b)

they have registered their

names in the Independent

Directors’ Databank.

The Company has devised, inter alia,

the following policies viz.:

a)

Policy for selection of Directors

and determining Directors’

independence; and

b)

Remuneration Policy for

Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel and other employees.

The aforesaid policies are available

on the Company’s website and can

be accessed at https://www.ril.com/

DownloadFiles/IRStatutory/Policy-

for-Selection-of-Directors.pdf and

https://www.ril.com/DownloadFiles/

IRStatutory/Remuneration-Policy-for-

Directors.pdf

The Policy for selection of Directors

and determining Directors’

independence sets out the guiding

principles for the HRNR Committee

for identifying persons who are

qualified to become Directors and

to determine the independence of

Directors, while considering their

appointment as Independent Directors

of the Company. The Policy also

provides for the factors in evaluating

the suitability of individual board

members with diverse background

and experience that are relevant for

the Company’s operations. There has

been no change in the policy during

the year under review.

The Company’s remuneration

policy is directed towards rewarding

performance based on review of

achievements. The remuneration

policy is in consonance with existing

industry practice. There has been no

change in the policy during the year

under review.

Performance Evaluation

The Company has a policy for

performance evaluation of the Board,

Committees and other individual

Directors (including Independent

Directors) which includes criteria

for performance evaluation of

Non-Executive Directors and

Executive Directors.

In accordance with the manner of

evaluation specified by the HRNR

Committee, the Board carried out

annual performance evaluation of the

Board, its Committees and Individual

Directors. The Independent Directors

carried out annual performance

evaluation of the Chairman, the

non-independent directors and the

Board as a whole. The Chairman of

the respective Committees shared

the report on evaluation with the

respective Committee members. The

performance of each Committee was

evaluated by the Board based on the

report of evaluation received from the

respective Committees.

A consolidated report was shared

with the Chairman of the Board for

his review and giving feedback to

each Director.

Employees’ Stock Option

Scheme

The HRNR Committee, through RIL

ESOS 2017 Trust inter alia administers

and monitors Reliance Industries

Limited Employees’ Stock Option

Scheme 2017 (“ESOS-2017”).

The ESOS-2017 is in line with the

SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits

and Sweat Equity) Regulations,

2021 (“SBEB Regulations”). The

details as required to be disclosed

under the SBEB Regulations can be

accessed at https://www.ril.com/

DownloadFiles/IRStatutory/ESOS-

2017-Disclosure-2022-23.pdf.

Auditors and Auditors’

Report

Auditors

Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP,

Chartered Accountants and

Chaturvedi & Shah LLP, Chartered

Accountants, were appointed as the

Auditors of the Company for a term

of 5 (five) consecutive years, at the

45th Annual General Meeting (Post-

IPO) held on August 29, 2022. The

Auditors have confirmed that they are

not disqualified from continuing as the

Auditors of the Company.

The Auditors’ Report does not contain

any qualification, reservation, adverse

remark or disclaimer. The Notes to

the financial statements referred

in the Auditors’ Report are self-

explanatory and do not call for any

further comments.

Cost Auditors

The Board has appointed the

following Cost Accountants as Cost

Auditors for conducting the audit of

cost records of products and services

of the Company for various segments

for the FY 2023-24 under Section 148

of the Act read with the Companies

(Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014:

BOARD’S REPORT

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

282

283

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

letter

to the ECTF or to the Chairman

of the Audit Committee. The Vigil

Mechanism and Whistle-blower Policy

is available on the Company’s website

and can be accessed at https://www.

ril.com/DownloadFiles/IRStatutory/

Vigil-Mechanism-and-Whistle-Blower-

Policy.pdf.

Prevention of sexual

harassment at workplace

In accordance with the requirements

of the Sexual Harassment of Women

at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition

& Redressal) Act, 2013 (“POSH Act”)

and the Rules made thereunder,

the Company has in place a policy

which mandates no tolerance against

any conduct amounting to sexual

harassment of women at workplace.

The Company has constituted

Internal Complaints Committee(s)

(ICCs) to redress and resolve any

complaints arising under the POSH

Act. Training / awareness programme

are conducted throughout the year

to create sensitivity towards ensuring

respectable workplace.

Particulars of loans

given, investments made,

guarantees given and

securities provided

Particulars of loans given, investments

made, guarantees given and securities

provided along with the purpose

for which the loan or guarantee or

security provided is proposed to be

utilised by the recipient are provided

in the Standalone Financial Statement

(Please refer Note 2, 3, 7, 10, 35

and 41 to the Standalone Financial

Statement).

Conservation of energy,

technology absorption,

foreign exchange earnings

and outgo

The particulars relating to

conservation of energy, technology

absorption, foreign exchange earnings

and outgo, as required to be disclosed

under the Act, are provided in

Annexure IV to this Report.

Annual Return

The Annual Return of the Company

as on March 31, 2023 is available

on the Company’s website and

can be accessed at https://www.ril.

com/DownloadFiles/IRStatutory/

AnnualReturn-2022-23.pdf.

Particulars of employees and

related disclosures

In terms of the provisions of Section

197(12) of the Act read with Rules

5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014,

a statement showing the names of

the top ten employees in terms of

remuneration drawn and names and

other particulars of the employees

drawing remuneration in excess of the

limits set out in the said rules forms

part of this Report.

Disclosures relating to remuneration

and other details as required under

Section 197(12) of the Act read

with Rule 5(1) of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014

forms part of this Report.

Having regard to the provisions of the

second proviso to Section 136(1) of the

Act and as advised, the Annual Report

excluding the aforesaid information

is being sent to the members of the

Company. Any member interested

in obtaining such information may

address their email to rilagm@ril.com

General

Your Directors state that no disclosure

or reporting is required in respect of

the following matters as there were no

transactions on these matters during

the year under review:

• Details relating to deposits covered

under Chapter V of the Act.

• Issue of equity shares with

differential rights as to dividend,

voting or otherwise.

• Issue of shares (including sweat

equity shares) to employees of

the Company under any scheme

save and except Employees’ Stock

Options Scheme referred to in

this Report.

• Neither the: Managing Director nor

the Whole-time Directors of the

Company receive any remuneration

or commission from any of

its subsidiaries.

• No significant or material orders

were passed by the Regulators or

Courts or Tribunals which impact

the going concern status and

Company’s operations in future.

• No fraud has been reported by the

Auditors to the Audit Committee or

the Board.

• There has been no change in the

nature of business of the Company.

• There is no proceeding pending

under the Insolvency and

Bankruptcy Code, 2016.

• There was no instance of one-time

settlement with any Bank or

Financial Institution.

Acknowledgement

The Board places on record its

deep sense of appreciation for

the committed services by all the

employees of the Company. The

Board of Directors would also like

to express their sincere appreciation

for the assistance and co-operation

received from the financial institutions,

banks, government and regulatory

authorities, stock exchanges,

customers, vendors, members,

debenture holders and debenture

trustee during the year under review.

For and on behalf of the Board

of Directors

Mukesh D. Ambani

Managing Director

Mumbai, July 21, 2023:

Managing Director)

Mumbai, July 21, 2023:

letter

of even date which is annexed as

Annexure and forms an integral part

of this report.:

letter:

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test-check basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the process and practices I followed provide a

reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events, etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test-check basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Dr. K. R. Chandratre

FCS No.: 1370, C. P. No.: 5144

Place: Pune

Date: 21 July 2023

UDIN: F001370E000659687

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1206/2021

Annexure to the Secretarial Audit Report

Annexure IV

Particulars of energy

conservation, technology

absorption, foreign

exchange earnings and

outgo required under the

Companies (Accounts)

Rules, 2014

A. Conservation of energy

(i) Steps taken to conserve

energy

The Company considers energy

management as one of the key

components of its responsible

business strategy and the

objective has always been to

continually improve energy

performance of the organisation,

consolidate these improvements,

and move on to the next

higher level.

The Company has a structured

system of monitoring energy

usage, be it at individual

equipment level, plant level,

site level and at corporate level

also with the help of dedicated

energy teams. This monitoring

system is seamlessly integrated

with production control

systems, ensuring that energy

management is reliable, agile

and cost efficient. This system

is further strengthened with

decision-making tools, simulation

software and digital twins for

proper monitoring to optimize

the energy usage. Energy audits

and benchmarking studies are

also conducted periodically

to identify performance

gaps and further potential

for improvement.

The Company adopts a strategy

to manage energy based on the

5 tenets of energy management.

• Eliminate unnecessary

energy use through process

and heat integration, quick

restoration of equipment

performance, consumption

optimisation using simulation

models, and reduce-recover-

reuse programmes.

• Improve the usage efficiency

of needed energy using

simulation tools, deploying

best practices, and technology

and equipment upgrades.

• Adjust operations to enable

reduced energy consumption

by finetuning of operation

parameters and optimum use

of installed capacity.

• Optimise the cost of energy

consumed wherein an

enterprise-wide fuel planning

and scheduling mechanism is

employed to ensure optimised

energy cost to the Company.

• Reduce carbon intensity

of energy used by judicious

selection of energy source and

ramping up use of renewable

energy to offset emissions

from fossil fuels.

Major energy conservation

schemes implemented in

FY 2022-23 are given below:

Jamnagar Manufacturing

Division: Domestic Tariff Area

(DTA)

• Installation of additional

compressor for flare

gas recovery.

• Deheptanizer distillation

column overhead heat

recovery in Para-Xylene

(PX)-3 plant resulting in

increased feed temp of Xylene

fractionation column and

steam consumption reduction.

• Advanced Process Control

implementation in Air

Separation Unit (ASU)

of Mono Ethylene Glycol

(MEG) plant.

• Optimisation of main flare

steam by provision of an

additional control valve to

reduce steam consumption.

Jamnagar Manufacturing

Division: Special Economic Zone

(SEZ)

• Installation of electronic

governor of turbine driven

forced Draft fan for better

speed control and reduction of

steam consumption.

Hazira Manufacturing Division

• Cracked Gas Compressor

Turbine drive revamp to

achieve higher efficiency in

cracker plant.

• Upgrading of tray (from

moving valve to fixed valve

type) in Carbon-di-oxide (CO2)

stripper column of Mono

Ethylene Glycol (MEG)-2 plant.

Dahej Manufacturing Division

• Installation of heat exchanger

to recover heat from

High Pressure (HP) steam

condensate to preheat

Boiler Feed Water (BFW) in

MEG plant.

Silvassa Manufacturing Division

• Automation of chips

conveying system to reduce

power consumption.

• Installation of VFDs (Variable

Frequency Drives) for Air

washer pumps to reduce

power consumption.

• Enthalpy control system for

air handling units to reduce

chiller duty.

Hoshiarpur Manufacturing

Division

• Replacement of one

additional energy efficient

pump and motor in soft

water service to reduce the

power consumption.:

Managing Director

Mumbai, July 21, 2023:

letter on the

assessment of these matters.

3.

Fair Valuation of Investments

As at 31st March, 2023, the Company has investments of

C 78,093 crore in Equity and Preference Shares of Jio Digital

Fibre Private Limited (‘JDFPL’) which are measured at fair

value as per Ind AS 109 read with Ind AS 113.

These investments are Level 3 investments as per the fair

value hierarchy in Ind AS 113 and accordingly determination

of fair value is based on a high degree of judgement and

input from data that is not directly observable in the market.

Further, the fair value is significantly influenced by the

expected pattern of future benefits of the tangible assets of

JDFPL (fibre assets).

Accordingly, it has been considered as a key audit matter.

Refer Notes 2 and 39A to the Standalone Financial

Statements.

Our audit procedures included and were not limited to the following:

• Tested the design, implementation and operating effectiveness

of the controls established by the Company in the process of

determination of fair value of the investments.

• Reviewed the fair valuation reports provided by the

management by involvement of internal valuation specialists.

• Assessed the assumptions around the cash flow forecasts

including discount rates, expected growth rates and its

effect on business and terminal growth rates used and the

valuation methodology inter-alia through involvement of the

internal specialists.

• Discussed potential changes in key drivers as compared

to previous year / actual performance with management

to evaluate the inputs and assumptions used in the cash

flow forecasts.

• Assessed the objectivity and competence of our internal

specialist and Company’s external experts involved in

the process.

• Reviewed the disclosures made by the Company in the

financial statements.

• Obtained Management Representation: Letter as regards to fair

valuation of these investments

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

Standalone

308

309

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Managing Director

Non-Executive

Directors

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

Standalone

320

321

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Non-Executive

Directors

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

Standalone

322

323

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Non-Executive

Directors

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

Standalone

324

325

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Non-Executive

Directors

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

Standalone

326

327

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Non-Executive

Directors

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

Standalone

NOTES

to the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31st March, 2023

400

401

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Letter on the

assessment of these matters.

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

Consolidated

402

403

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Letter as regards the

fair valuation of these investments.

5.

Revenue Recognition

(a)

The auditors of Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited (‘RJIL’),

a step-down subsidiary of the Parent, have reported

revenue recognition as a key audit matter due to the high

volumes of data processed by the IT systems and the

complexity of those IT systems.

In respect of the key audit matter reported to us by the auditors

of RJIL, we performed inquiry of the audit procedures performed

by them to address the key audit matter. As reported by the

subsidiary auditors, the following procedures have been performed

by them:-

• Evaluated and tested the design, implementation and

operating effectiveness of the relevant business process

controls, inter-alia controls over the capture, measurement

and authorization of revenue transactions, involving internal

Information Technology (IT) specialists for the automated

controls, interface controls and reports generated through

various relevant IT systems involved in the revenue process.

• Involved internal IT specialists and tested the IT environment

inter-alia for access controls, change management and

application specific controls in the IT Systems over the

Company's billing and other relevant support systems.

• Tested collections and the reconciliation between revenue

per the billing system and the financial records. Performed

procedures to test the computation of revenue and

deferred revenue.

(b)

The auditors of Reliance Retail Limited (‘RRL’), a step-

down subsidiary of the Parent, have reported revenue

recognition as a key audit matter. RRL is engaged in

organised retail and the trading transactions generating

revenue comprise of high volume of individually small

transactions which increases the risk of revenue being

recognised inappropriately and which highlights the

criticality of sound internal processes of summarising

and recording sales. RRL trades in various consumption

baskets on a principal basis and recognises full value of

consideration as its revenue. The revenue is recognised

on transfer of control of traded goods to the customers.

Transfer of control coincides with collection of cash or

cash equivalent from customers. In view of the above

and since revenue is a key performance indicator for RRL,

revenue recognition is identified as a key audit matter.

In respect of the key audit matter reported to us by the auditors of

RRL, we performed inquiry of the audit procedure performed by

them to address the key audit matter. As reported by the subsidiary

auditors, the following procedure have been performed by them:-

• Obtained understanding of the process followed by the

management to record the revenue from each store.

• Evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of

the internal controls established by RRL over reconciliation of

revenue recorded with underlying collection made by RRL.

• Involved information technology specialist to test the

automated controls and reports involved in the reconciliation

of revenue.

• On a test-check basis, selected samples of stores on various

dates. For such selections, obtained details of revenue recorded

through various modes of payment from RRL’s accounting

system. Reconciled revenue recorded as per such details with

the underlying collection made by RRL as per cash receipts,

merchant payment reports, and other third party supporting.

Sr.

No. Key Audit Matter

Auditor’s Response

6.

Information Technology (IT) systems and controls over

financial reporting

We identified IT systems and controls over financial reporting

as a key audit matter for the Parent because its financial

accounting and reporting systems are fundamentally reliant on

IT systems and IT controls to process significant transaction

volumes, specifically with respect to revenue and raw material

consumption. Also, due to such large transaction volumes and

the increasing challenge to protect the integrity of the Parent’s

systems and data, cyber security has become more significant.

Automated accounting procedures and IT environment

controls, which include IT governance, IT general controls over

program development and changes, access to program and

data and IT operations, IT application controls and interfaces

between IT applications, are required to be designed and to

operate effectively to ensure accurate financial reporting.

Our procedures included and were not limited to the following:-

• Assessed the complexity of the IT environment by engaging

IT specialists and through discussion with the head of IT and

internal audit at the Parent and identified IT applications that

are relevant to our audit.

• Tested the design, implementation and operating effectiveness

of IT general controls over program development and changes,

access to program and data and IT operations by engaging

IT specialists.

• Performed inquiry procedures with the head of cybersecurity

at the Parent in respect of the overall security architecture and

any key threats addressed by the Parent in the current year.

• Tested the design, implementation and operating effectiveness

of IT application controls in the key processes impacting

financial reporting of the Parent by engaging IT specialists.

• Tested the design, implementation and operating effectiveness

of controls relating to data transmission through the different

IT systems to the financial reporting systems by engaging

IT specialists.

Information Other than the Financial

Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon

• The Parent’s Board of Directors is responsible for the

other information. The other information comprises the

information included in the Annual Report, but does

not include the Consolidated Financial Statements,

Standalone Financial Statements and our auditor’s

report thereon.

• Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

does not cover the other information and we do not

express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

• In connection with our audit of the Consolidated

Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read

the other information, compare with the financial

statements / financial information of the joint operations,

subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates audited by the

other auditors, to the extent it relates to these entities

and, in doing so, place reliance on the work of the other

auditors and consider whether the other information is

materially inconsistent with the Consolidated Financial

Statements or our knowledge obtained during the

course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially

misstated. Other information so far as it relates to

the joint operations, subsidiaries, joint ventures and

associates, is traced from their financial statements /

financial information audited by the other auditors.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude

that there is a material misstatement of this other

information, we are required to report that fact. We have

nothing to report in this regard.

Management’s Responsibility for the

Consolidated Financial Statements

The Parent’s Board of Directors is responsible for the

matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Act with respect to

the preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements

that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial

position, consolidated financial performance including

other comprehensive income, consolidated cash flows and

consolidated changes in equity of the Group including its

associates and joint ventures in accordance with the Ind

AS and other accounting principles generally accepted in

India. The respective Board of Directors of the companies

included in the Group and of its associates and joint

ventures are responsible for maintenance of adequate

accounting records in accordance with the provisions of

the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Group and its

associates and its joint ventures and for preventing and

detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and

application of appropriate accounting policies; making

judgments and estimates that are reasonable and

prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of

adequate internal financial controls, that were operating

effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness

of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and

presentation of the financial statements that give a true

and fair view and are free from material misstatement,

whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for

the purpose of preparation of the Consolidated Financial

Statements by the Directors of the Parent, as aforesaid.

In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the

respective Board of Directors of the companies included

in the Group and of its associates and joint ventures are

responsible for assessing the ability of the respective

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

Consolidated

404

405

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Non-Executive

Directors

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

Consolidated

412

413

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Non-Executive

Directors

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

Consolidated

414

415

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Non-Executive

Directors

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

Consolidated

416

417

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Non-Executive

Directors

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

Consolidated

418

419

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Non-Executive

Directors

Corporate Overview Management Review Governance Financial Statements

Consolidated

524

525

Reliance Industries Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

LETTER

Postage will

be paid

by the

Addressee

No postage

stamp

necessary

if posted in

INDIA

To,

Savithri Parekh

Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

Reliance Industries Limited

C/o. KFin Technologies Limited

(formerly known as KFin Technologies Private Limited)

Selenium Tower B, Plot No. 31-32, Gachibowli,

Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Hyderabad - 500 032

Fold

BUSINESS REPLY PERMIT NO.

HDC/B-1282

MANNU POST OFFICE

GACHIBOWLI, HYDERABAD - 500 032

Company Information

Board of Directors

Chairman and Managing

Director

Mukesh D. Ambani

Non-Executive Directors

Adil Zainulbhai

Raminder Singh Gujral

Dr. Shumeet Banerji

Arundhati Bhattacharya

His Excellency Yasir Othman H.

Al Rumayyan

K. V. Chowdary

K. V. Kamath

Nita M. Ambani

Executive Directors

Nikhil R. Meswani

Hital R. Meswani

P. M. S. Prasad

Chief Financial Officer

Srikanth Venkatachari

Company Secretary and

Compliance Officer

Savithri Parekh

Auditors

Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP,

Chartered Accountants

Chaturvedi & Shah LLP,

Chartered Accountants

Registered office

3rd Floor, Maker Chambers IV,

222, Nariman Point,

Mumbai – 400 021

Tel: +91 22 3555 5000

Fax: +91 22 2204 2268

e-mail: investor.relations@ril.com

Website: www.ril.com

Committees

Audit Committee

Raminder Singh Gujral (Chairman)

Adil Zainulbhai

K. V. Chowdary

Stakeholders' Relationship

Committee

K. V. Chowdary (Chairman)

Nikhil R. Meswani

Hital R. Meswani

Arundhati Bhattacharya

Risk Management

Committee

Adil Zainulbhai (Chairman)

Dr. Shumeet Banerji

K. V. Chowdary

Hital R. Meswani

P. M. S. Prasad

Alok Agarwal

Srikanth Venkatachari

Finance Committee

Mukesh D. Ambani (Chairman)

Nikhil R. Meswani

Hital R. Meswani

Human Resources,

Nomination and

Remuneration Committee

Adil Zainulbhai (Chairman)

Raminder Singh Gujral

Dr. Shumeet Banerji

K. V. Chowdary

Corporate Social

Responsibility and

Governance Committee

Dr. Shumeet Banerji (Chairman)

K. V. Chowdary

Nikhil R. Meswani

Environmental, Social and

Governance Committee

Hital R. Meswani (Chairman)

Arundhati Bhattacharya

P. M. S. Prasad

Bankers

Bank of America N.A.

Bank of Baroda

Bank of India

Canara Bank

Central Bank of India

Citibank

Credit Agricole Corporate

and Investment Bank

Deutsche Bank

The Hong Kong and Shanghai

Banking Corporation Limited

HDFC Bank Limited

ICICI Bank Limited

IDBI Bank Limited

Indian Bank

Punjab National Bank

Standard Chartered Bank

State Bank of India

Union Bank of India

Registrar & Transfer Agent

KFin Technologies Limited

Selenium Tower B,

Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Hyderabad – 500 032

Toll Free No.: 1800 309 401

(From 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.)

e-mail: rilinvestor@kfintech.com

Website: www.kfintech.com:

