letter to stakeholders

18

Board of directors

20

Executive management

22

Chief executive officer’s report

26

Chief financial officer’s report

p1

ABOUT BALWIN

PROPERTIES

1

Introducing our integrated report

2

Group profile

4

Business model

6

Strategic objectives

10

Investment case

12

Material issues, risks and opportunities

p30

LIFESTYLE AND

SUSTAINABILITY

30

Development portfolio

34

Development pipeline

36

Lifestyle showcase

38

Development showcase

54

Building a sustainable future

p62

GOVERNANCE

62

Commitment to corporate governance

68

Remuneration report

78

Social, ethics and transformation committee report

80

Shareholder analysis

p82

SUMMARY

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

AND NOTICE

OF AGM

82

Summarised financial statements

102 Notice of annual general meeting

110 Form of proxy

112 Corporate information:

Dear Stakeholders

The outbreak of the global Covid-19

pandemic, with the first cases reported

in South Africa shortly after Balwin’s

financial year end, will have an indelible

impact on our society, economy and

environment.

At Balwin the pandemic has implications

for our people, our customers, our

communities, our operations and our

financial position. The board and

executive management have taken

immediate and pro-active measures to

develop a response strategy to manage

the impact of Covid-19 and the national

lockdown on the group’s business and

to continually assess the risks and

opportunities.

We applaud the strong leadership demonstrated

by President Ramaphosa during this crisis and

the decisive action taken to curb infection rates.

The lockdown has been successful in flattening

the curve and delaying the inevitable spread of

the disease. However, it has had devastating

social and economic consequences for millions

of South Africans which will take several

years to overcome. We therefore welcome

the introduction of a phased release from the

lockdown which we believe will start to stimulate

much-needed participation in the economy.

While it is too early to predict or forecast the

impact of Covid-19 on the group, shareholders

should be reassured that our current cash

position is strong, and the board believes that

the group is well positioned to deal with this

period of uncertainty. Based on the current and

forecast liquidity position of the group, the board

is comfortable that there are sufficient resources

to ensure that the group can continue as a going

concern.

The Covid-19 pandemic is overshadowing the

weak underlying economic conditions which

prevailed in South Africa over the past year, with

low economic growth, deteriorating confidence

levels, rising pressure on consumer spending and

electricity load shedding all affecting the trading

environment.

It was against this background that Balwin

reported pleasing revenue growth of 11% as the

group experienced continued strong demand

for its lifestyle apartments. Margin pressure and

increased operating expenses contributed to an

8% decline in earnings. Cash management and

capital allocation continue to be priorities and the

group ended the financial year with cash on hand

of R476.5 million, an increase of R147.2 million

over the previous year.

After evaluating the current market conditions,

in particular the uncertainty of the impact of

Covid-19 on the cash resources of the group, the

directors have elected to preserve cash and defer

the declaration of dividend for the financial year.

The board will reconsider the dividend position

once there is greater certainty on the impact of

Covid-19 on the business.

CHAIRMAN’S: LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS

HILTON SAVEN

Independent non-executive chairman

Managing Director

Rodney is the: managing director of

Balwin with 22 years’ experience

in the position. Prior to joining

Balwin, Rodney was the director of

a project management company

Nostrum, which managed one of

Balwin’s developments at the time

and was appointed in 1998 as a

partner to Steve Brookes.

ULRICH

GSCHNAIDTNER

T4 Architecture

Chief Projects Officer

Ulrich is the chief projects officer

of Balwin after joining the group

in 1997. Ulrich held management

positions at Spie Batignolles and

Bovis Southern Africa Proprietary

Limited before his employment at

Balwin as a partner to Steve Brookes

and Rodney Gray. Ulrich manages all

construction related activities

at Balwin.

ANTHONY

DIEPENBROEK

BSc (Civil Eng), MBA, Pr Eng

General Manager | Western Cape

Anthony originally joined the

Balwin board in the role of a

non-executive director in 2016. He

subsequently resigned from the

board following his appointment to

an executive management position

in the group to spearhead Balwin’s

expansion into Kwa-Zulu Natal.

Anthony transferred to the Western

Cape in March 2019 to lead the

region.

Prior to joining Balwin, Anthony

was the Managing

Letter on page 16

in relation to Covid-19, the group’s cash position

is strong and the board believes that the business

is well positioned to deal with this period of

uncertainty. The group has performed additional

stress testing on its cash flow forecasts for the

next twelve months, given the uncertainty around

the commencement of construction activities and

the financial implications for clients.

Based on the current and forecast liquidity

position of the group, the board is satisfied that

there are sufficient resources to ensure that the

group can continue as a going concern.

APPRECIATION

Thank you to our shareholders and the broader

investment community both locally and offshore

for their engagement with the company

over the past year. We also acknowledge the

ongoing support from our funding institutions.

My colleagues in the finance team have shown

total commitment in preparing the annual

financial statements while working remotely

under lockdown and I thank them for a job

well done.

Jonathan Weltman

Chief Financial Officer

28 May 2020:

managing director of Balwin Properties.

BOARD PROFILE:

Managing director (MD)*

16% of package

65% of package

130% of package

Chief projects officer (CPO)*

14% of package

57% of package

114% of package

* The MD and CPO are prescribed officers and members of the executive committee.

Discretionary bonuses may be awarded to employees who perform above and beyond their

responsibilities, regardless of company performance, as nominated by management and approved by the

committee and board.:

managing director and the chief projects officer. The remuneration of the prescribed officers is disclosed in the remuneration implementation

report as well as the annual financial statements.:

managing director and members of senior

management attend meetings by invitation. The

committee is required to meet at least twice

yearly. Biographical details of the committee

members appear on pages 18 and 19.

The committee was assessed to have adequately

discharged its mandate. Attendance at committee

meetings is detailed on page 64 of the integrated

report and fees paid to committee members for

2020 and proposed for 2021 are included on

page 74.

FOCUS AREAS OF THE COMMITTEE

The key areas of focus in the year under review

were as follows:

• Continued improvement of the group’s B-BBEE

scorecard rating with specific focus on the

procurement pillar of the scorecard to ensure a

transformed supply chain

• Investigation of opportunities to increase black

ownership in Balwin and the identification of

specific criteria to assess potential investors

• Reinforcement of employment equity policies

aimed at improving workforce representation

• Progress on the achievement of ISO certification

with overview of management’s responses to

the ISO gap audit that was conducted during

the year

• Monitoring, on an on-going basis, the safety

and health performance against measures and

targets agreed with management

• Overview of the social and economic

development of the group through the social

contribution of the business through the

initiatives of the Balwin Foundation, sustained

job creation and the upliftment of our

communities.

• Oversight of the numerous corporate social

investment campaigns of the group during the

year

• Improvement in environment sustainability

practices by focusing on environmental

management and green building standards

resulting in the EDGE certification of a record

number of apartments in the year and 6 star

green building ratings for newly introduced

lifestyle centres

• Management of ethical risks within the group

Planned areas of focus for the 2021 financial year

are as follows:

• Oversight of progress on achieving global green

building standards

• Continued focus on improvement in the safety,

health and environmental incident rates

• Implementation and ISO certification of

Integrated Management System

• Improving the group’s B-BBEE rating by

continuing to explore opportunities to explore

black ownership and the procurement pillar

• Continued education around diversity within

the business and improved identification,

management and execution of employment

equity barriers

• Continued improvement in environmental

sustainability practices

CONCLUSION

The committee believes the group is substantively

addressing the matters required to be monitored

in terms of the Companies Act and King IV.

Appropriate policies and programmes have

been adopted to maintain high standards

of corporate citizenship among internal and

external stakeholders.

This report is prepared in accordance with

the Companies Act and will be presented to

shareholders at the forthcoming annual general

meeting.

Thoko Mokgosi-Mwantembe

Chairman

Social, ethics and transformation committee

28 May 2020

PAARDEVLEI LIFESTYLE ESTATE:

letter of representation in terms of the custody

agreement entered into between such shareholders and the CSDP or broker.

3. Dematerialised shareholders, other than own-name registered dematerialised shareholders, who

are unable to attend the AGM and who wish to be represented thereat, must provide their CSDP or

broker with their voting instructions in terms of the custody agreement entered into between them

and the CSDP or broker in the manner and time stipulated therein.

4. Shareholders present in person, by proxy or by authorised representative shall, on a show of hands,

have one vote each and, on a poll, will have one vote in respect of each share held.

5. In terms of the Companies Act 71 of 2008, as amended (the “Companies Act”), any shareholder or

proxy who intends to attend or participate at the AGM must be able to present reasonably satisfactory

identification at the meeting for such shareholder or proxy to attend and participate at the AGM.

A green bar-coded identification document or identity card issued by the South African Department

of Home Affairs, a driver’s licence or a valid passport will be accepted at the AGM as proof of

identification.

AGENDA

Presentation and consideration of the consolidated and separate financial statements of Balwin, including

the reports of the directors, the audit and risk committee and the social, ethics and transformation

committee for the year ended 29 February 2020. The complete financial statements for the year ended

29 February 2020, together with these reports are available for inspection at the registered office of the

company, Block 1, Townsend Office Park, 1 Townsend Avenue, Bedfordview and on the website www.

balwin.co.za; and

To consider and, if deemed fit, approve, with or without modification, the following ordinary and special

resolutions:

Note:

In order for any of the ordinary resolutions numbers 1 to 12 to be adopted, the support of more than

50% of the voting rights exercised by shareholders, present in person or by proxy must be exercised in

favour thereof.

In order for ordinary resolution number 13 and special resolutions 1 to 3 to be adopted, the support of at

least 75% of the voting rights exercised by shareholders, present in person or by proxy must be exercised

in favour thereof.:

letter of representation to attend the

meeting or to be represented thereat by proxy. This must be done in terms of the custody agreement

between the member and his/her CSDP or broker.

5. Forms of proxy must be lodged at the company’s transfer secretaries as set out above.

6. The completion and lodging of this form of proxy shall not preclude the relevant shareholder from

attending the meeting and speaking and voting in person thereat to the exclusion of any proxy

appointed in terms hereof.

7. Documentary evidence establishing the authority of the person signing this form of proxy in a

representative or other legal capacity must be attached to this form of proxy unless previously

recorded by the company’s transfer secretaries or waived by the chairman of the meeting.

8. Any alteration or correction made to this form of proxy must be initialled by the signatory/ies.

9. The chairman of the annual general meeting may reject or accept any form of proxy which is

completed and/or received, other than in compliance with these notes provided that, in respect of

acceptances, he is satisfied as to the manner in which the shareholder(s) concerned wish(es) to vote.

10. Where there are joint holders of shares:

(i) any one holder may sign the form of proxy; and

(ii) the vote of the senior (for that purpose seniority will be determined by the order in which the

names of shareholders appear in the register of members) who tenders a vote (whether in person

or by proxy) will be accepted to the exclusion of the vote(s) of the other joint holder(s) of shares.

11. A minor must be assisted by his/her parent or guardian unless the relevant documents establishing his/

her legal capacity are produced or have been registered by the company’s transfer secretaries.

12. On a show of hands, every shareholder present in person or represented by proxy shall have only one

vote, irrespective of the number of shares he/she holds or represents.

13. On a poll, every shareholder present in person or represented by proxy shall have one vote for every

share held by such shareholder.

14. This form of proxy may be used at any adjournment or postponement of the annual general meeting,

including any postponement due to a lack of quorum, unless withdrawn by the shareholder.:

