letter, in a time

when business is closed for most South Africans, and although

mathematicians and statisticians are running numbers and

forecasts, the reality is that no one knows what the remainder

of the 2020 year and even beyond will look like. It is one thing

receiving the green light that lockdown is over, but a completely

different situation to face the reality of the long-lasting effect this

will have on South Africa. The challenges are not only Covid-19

related but extend to downgrades to sub-investment grade by

Moody’s, followed by a further downgrade by Fitch in the same

timeframe, paving the way for an almost certain prolonged

recessionary or even digressionary period.

In light of this uncertainty, we will continue to demonstrate that

the business is resilient and able to withstand the challenges of

a suppressed economy, policy uncertainty, international health

crisis and any other uncontrollable factors that come our way.

We believe the Group has increased liquidity sufficiently over the

past couple of months to be able to weather the storm. We will

continue focusing on cash flow generation without expensing

same on other places and in doing so, will remain dedicated to

revenue and profit generation.

The optimal application of capital between new opportunities,

working capital and risk capital will remain an important strategic

decision. Management places emphasis on cash flow generation

from projects, as well as the preservation thereof for future use.

The Group is cautious in the current uncertain environment and

careful consideration will be given to what the best use of cash

is on each project, to ensure sustainable long-term return and

value for shareholders.

Memorial Parks is set to benefit from an even bigger market

share with our value offering now entrenched at a level above

other cemeteries in South Africa, and with more management

focus being placed on this business than before.

We remain committed to the long-term goal of equal profitability

from each of the businesses, but over the short-term the focus

will remain on ensuring sustainability of the Group. We will

remain hands-on in our approach and will ensure optimal capital

allocation at all times. We will continue to focus on smaller

transactions at lower margins, where capital invested can be

turned around in nine to 12 months, rather than major bulk

transactions where the hand-over periods are often in excess of

24 to 30 months and capital is tied up for too long.

We will continue to investigate alternative uses for some of the

mid to high-end land parcels to improve cash generation. The

sale of the retail and commercial properties within our projects

will be a focus area towards the end of the year/early 2021 after

the immediate effects of Covid-19 has started to wear off and

investments are increasing.

Thank you

First and foremost, we would like to thank each employee, client and stakeholder for their continued support. Even during the

Covid-19 pandemic, you as our staff did not shy away from your responsibilities and have contributed immensely to the Group

through this trying time. We also wish to thank our management teams for remaining committed and loyal despite the challenges and

negative sentiment towards the business. Their dedication enabled us to withstand the challenges of an exceptionally difficult year.

We would also like to thank the Board members for their continued guidance, wisdom and support.

To our shareholders, we trust that this: letter provides clarity and comfort in the business’ ability to carry itself through difficult times,

without having to lean on shareholders for assistance or having to resort to “fire-sale” processes.

Lastly, we would like to thank the family members of all Calgro M3 employees for their support and understanding, without which the

continued progress that the Group is making would not have been possible.

We as the Calgro M3 team will survive and thrive again – “Building legacies. Changing lives”.

Wikus Lategan

Waldi Joubert

Chief Executive Officer

Financial

Managing Director with effect from

1 June 2015, responsible for the overall operational activities of the Group. Wikus served as a member of the SAICA National

Members on the Business Executive and is also Chairperson of the SAICA Northern Region and Business Council. He has vast

experience in business restructuring and management and became CEO effective March 2017.

Willem Adolph (Waldi) Joubert (34) CA(SA)

Waldi was appointed as Financial Director with effect from 1 June 2015. He is a qualified chartered accountant, having completed his

articles with PricewaterhouseCoopers, where he gained vast experience in a variety of industries including manufacturing,

construction, insurance and fast-moving consumer goods. Waldi joined the Group in January 2012 as Group Financial Manager.

Manda Njongonkulu Nkuhlu (40) BSc (Honours), MBA

Manda joined Calgro M3 in 2014 having held a number of senior management positions in both the private and public sector. He has

been on Group Exco since September 2014, before taking on a larger role as an Executive Director with Board representation from

March 2017. Manda was appointed as: Managing

