managing director of ApexHi Properties Limited. He served as CEO of

Redefine from 2003 until its merger with ApexHi and Madison Property Fund Managers

Limited in 2009 and then resigned from Redefine to form Capstone Property Group. In 2016

he sold out of Capstone to form a new company, Propertiq. He has served on the boards of

various listed property companies and currently serves on the audit committee of SAPOA.

ELIAS (“ELTIE”) LINKS (74)

Independent non-executive

Appointed: 20 May 2011

PhD (Economics)

Professor Links is a non-executive director of a number of companies including Kansai Plascon

Limited, Telesure Holdings Limited, Allianz Global Corporate and Specialty Limited and

TerraSan Limited. He has also been appointed as a Professor Extraordinaire at the University

of Stellenbosch Business School. Previously he served as a member of The Presidential Advisory

Council on B-BBEE as well as the South African Ambassador to the European Union, Belgium

and Luxembourg and as the Permanent Representative of South Africa at the World Bank and

International Monetary Fund, Washington DC.

IZAK PETERSEN (47)

Chief executive

Appointed: 20 May 2011

CA(SA)

Izak, a qualified chartered accountant, started his career at Deloitte Cape Town and thereafter

he worked for the same firm in the USA. On his return from the USA he joined the structured

products team at PSG Investment Bank. He serves and has served on a number of company

boards and industry bodies in an executive and non-executive capacity. The most notable industry

bodies he served on include SA REITs Association, SAPOA, ABASA Western Cape and ABSIP

Western Cape and National. He co-founded the Mergence Group of companies which led to the

formation of the Mergence Africa Property Fund, which later merged with Dipula Property Fund

and listed Dipula Income Fund in August 2011. Izak has spearheaded property and other unlisted

investment and investment management ventures in South Africa and other parts of the continent.

He is a serial entrepreneur that is passionate about starting new ventures.

ZANELE JOYCE MATLALA (57)

Independent non-executive chairperson

Appointed: 20 May 2011

BCompt (Hons), CA(SA)

Zanele joined the Merafe Board in 2005 as an independent non-executive director. She was

appointed Merafe’s chief financial officer on 1 October 2010 and chief executive officer on

1 June 2012. She is a non-executive director of Stefanutti Stocks Holdings Limited, RAC Limited

and Royal Bafokeng Platinum Limited.

SYD HALLIDAY (73)

Independent non-executive

Appointed: 27 May 2014

CAIB (SA), ACIS

Syd retired from Nedbank in 2004 where he had held various senior credit risk management

positions in the property finance divisions of Nefic, Syfrets, Nedcor Investment Bank and

Nedbank. Following his retirement, he served as the independent chairman of Nedbank

Corporate Property Finance’s main property lending committee up to December 2012 and

for three years to November 2019 served on RMB’s real estate investment banking credit

committee. Syd joined the board of Dipula in May 2014 and is a member of the investment

and remuneration committees. Syd also served on the board of Hospitality Property Fund

Limited as an independent non-executive director for five years until his retirement in

May 2019. He also consults to Sasfin Bank in their property private equity business.

YOUNAID WAJA (68)

Independent non-executive

Appointed: 6 June 2011

BCom (Hons), BCompt, CA(SA),

HDip Tax Law

Younaid is a tax, business and governance consultant, an independent director of JSE companies

and serves and has served as a member of audit, risk, social and ethics, remuneration and

investment committees. He has extensive experience across a range of business sectors including

telecommunications, property, asset management, gaming, motor and transportation, and

economic growth facilitation. Younaid has also served as a director of various public sector and

JSE companies. He was a senior partner and executive chairman of APF Chartered Accountants

Inc., a consortium of black auditing and accounting firms. During his career he served as

chairman of the Public Accountants and Auditors Board (PAAB, now IRBA); vice president of

the Association for the Advancement of Black Accountants of Southern Africa (ABASA); and

an executive member of the Black Business Council (BBC). He is also a member of the Income

Tax Court.

61

Dipula Income Fund Integrated Annual Report 2020:

LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN

Dear Shareholder,

I am pleased to present Dipula’s remuneration report for

the 2020 financial year.

The committee has continued its focus on reviewing the

group’s remuneration policy and on achieving an

appropriate remuneration mix that supports the company’s

remuneration philosophy of attracting and retaining

competent and qualified staff, whilst aligning the interests

of stakeholders with that of executive management in

achieving sustainable long-term performance and value

creation.

The group’s remuneration principles and philosophy

remain the same as the previous year and will continue

to be monitored and implemented by the committee.

Establishing an appropriate remuneration framework has

resulted in a number of improvements to the remuneration

mix overall and are set out in this report. A key component

being the proposed change to the Dipula CSP to include

the allocation of A-shares in the scheme, as management

is currently awarded only B-shares.

Shareholders’ endorsement of the remuneration

policy and remuneration implementation report

At the AGM on 12 February 2020, 75.78% voted

for the group’s remuneration policy and remuneration

implementation report. Shareholders’ support for the

policy and implementation report is appreciated and the

committee will strive to continuously improve our

remuneration practices and disclosure.

The concern raised by the shareholder that voted against

the policy and implementation report centred around the

CSP and their desire to see a better alignment of

shareholder versus management interests by including an

allotment of A-shares in the scheme. The committee and

the board believe that this recommendation has merit and

the inclusion of A-shares has been addressed in the

proposed amendment to the CSP rules to be voted at the

AGM.

74

Dipula Income Fund Integrated Annual Report 2020:

letter to participants.

The performance conditions applicable to the second

award of Dipula B-shares are detailed below.

The CEO and FD can earn up to 116% and 110% of

their TGPs, respectively, in CSP awards. The following

CSP awards were made during the year subject to

the respective performance conditions. The maximum

allocated number of shares to the executive directors

(assuming stretch performance conditions are met) will

be 3 080 272.

Executive

Allocation

%

TGP

Face value

of the

allocation

Number

of shares

allocated***

CEO

116

R4 764 064

R5 526 314

2 109 280

CFO

100

R2 544 000

R2 544 000

970 992

R7 308 064

R8 070 314

3 080 272

*** Allocated based on 30-day VWAP of R2.62 on 20 February 2020.

The following performance conditions for vesting are applicable to the issue in 2020:

Performance conditions

Weighting

%

Threshold

(37.5%)

Target

(62.5%)

Stretch

(100.0%)

Average combined dividend growth relative to

base (measured over the three-year period)

40

2%

3%

4%

Average combined dividend growth relative to

peers over the three-year period (weighted by

market capitalisation)

40

95% of

index

110% of

index

120% of

index

KPI achievement (based on three-year KPI

performance calculated for STI)

20

100

79

Dipula Income Fund Integrated Annual Report 2020:

letter relating to the annual financial statements that was signed by management;



considered any problems identified and reviewed any significant legal and tax matters that could have a material

impact on the financial statements;



ensured compliance with the JSE listings requirements and other applicable legislations and amendments thereto as

well as considered the latest JSE proactive monitoring reports;



in compliance with paragraph 3.84(g)(i) of the JSE listings requirements, reviewed the performance, appropriateness

and expertise of the Financial Director, R Asmal, and is satisfied therewith; in addition the committee is satisfied with

the composition, experience and skills of the group’s finance function;



recommended to the directors to appoint Mazars as auditors, as well as to appoint the designated partner,

Susan Truter, for the 2020 financial year. The following information was requested from the auditors; latest inspection

reports addressing IRBA findings, a summary as approved by the internal head of risk internal monitoring, review

procedures performed, conclusions, outcomes and summary of any legal disciplinary actions as prescribed by the

Companies Act;



obtained an annual confirmation from the external auditor that their independence was not impaired;



considered the independence and objectivity of the external auditors and ensured that the scope of additional

services provided did not impair their independence. During the year, additional services related to the audit of

turnover rental certificates. All additional services are approved by the audit committee;



reviewed the external audit plan and approved the external auditors’ fee proposal for the 2020 financial year. Audit

fees are described in note 22 to the financial statements;:

