Dear shareholders, ladies and gentlemen,

despite the COVID 19 pandemic („Corona“), DKR can

look back on a successful 2019/2020 financial year.

Right at the beginning of the financial year, the

Company‘s real estate portfolio grew through a

record purchase volume with a strong momentum

that set the course for strong growth at an early stage.

However, the first corona wave, which then also

started in Germany in spring 2020, and the lock-

downs had a brief shock effect, which brought the

transaction market to a standstill for several months.

DKR has nevertheless come through the crisis

environment very well so far: the majority of our

tenants, especially food retailers, DIY stores, and

other non-cyclical tenants, such as doctors‘ practices,

pharmacies and others, were not affected by the

lockdowns and continued to pay their rents. Only

in April and May 2020 rent deferrals were granted,

but in total these amount to only around 2 % of

the current annual rent of the DKR real estate port-

folio. In this respect, the defensive profile of DKR‘s

business model has proven to be very crisis-resistant,

as intended.

On the portfolio side, we acquired 39 new retail

properties with a volume of around EUR 182 million

and annual rents of almost EUR 17 million in the

last financial year – a new growth record after the

last financial year. In contrast, a property in Berlin

was sold for a very attractive price. As a result, the

real estate assets reported in the balance sheet as of

30 September 2020 now comprise 161 properties with

a balance sheet value of around EUR 810 million and

annual rents of around EUR 63 million. Accordingly,

rental income increased from EUR 42.0 million

to EUR 56.2 million year-on-year, resulting in a

EUR 10.0 million increase in FFO to EUR 35.0 milli-

on, in line with FFO guidance (EUR 34 million to

EUR 36 million). Once again, FFO grew significantly

faster than rental income, which shows the

continuous increase in DKR‘s profitability.

On the financing side, DKR has also positioned itself

very favorably in the Corona environment by raising

secured and unsecured debt capital and by means of

a capital increase in May 2020, providing it with

additional funds to be able to quickly take advantage

of opportunities arising on the transaction market.

As a result, the net LTV increased to 51.7 % on

30 September 2020, slightly above the target of 50 %.

In addition, the last capital increase allowed us

to welcome new well-known shareholders to our

shareholder base, which also underlines the

attractiveness of our business model.

In the operational management of the real estate

portfolio, DKR continued to add value in the

2019/2020 financial year: Rents (like-for-like) rose

by around 0.9 % year-on-year and vacancies were

reduced by 4.4 %. Value-enhancing modernisation

and revitalisation investments (capex) of around

EUR 15 million, which were fully confirmed in the

annual portfolio valuation, also contributed to this.

As a result, EPRA NAV per share increased by around

12 % to EUR 11.11 per share.

The DKR share reached a historic high of EUR 19.25

shortly before the outbreak of the Corona crisis in

March 2020. The DKR share was also unable to escape

the ensuing crash on the international securities

markets, but over the course of the year recovered

much more quickly than the major benchmark

indices and at the end of the financial year was

15 cents below the previous year‘s closing price,

while market capitalisation was 9 % higher at

around EUR 555 million.

After the last dividend payment of EUR 0.35 per

share in March 2020, the Management Board will

propose a dividend of EUR 0.40 per share to the

Annual General Meeting. Despite the achievement

of the FFO forecast, we consider it appropriate

to conserve liquidity for the time being due to

the ongoing crisis environment and economic

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG To our shareholders

2:

Dear Shareholders,

In the 2019/2020 financial year, the Supervisory

Board of Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG duly fulfilled

the duties incumbent on it by law, the Articles of

Association and the rules of procedure.

Cooperation between the Supervisory Board and

the Management Board

The Supervisory Board continuously monitored and

advised the Management Board on the management

of the Company. The Supervisory Board was directly

involved in all decisions of fundamental importance

to the Company. The Management Board complied

with its duties to provide information and regularly,

promptly and comprehensively informed the Super-

visory Board both in writing and orally about

corporate planning, the course of business, the

strategic development and the current situation

of the Company and the current leases.

In addition, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board

was regularly informed by the Management Board

about current developments in the business situation

and significant business events outside of Supervisory

Board meetings. In addition, the Chairman of the

Supervisory Board kept in regular contact with the

Management Board and discussed issues of strategy,

planning, business development, risk situation and

risk management as well as compliance of the

Company.

The members of the Supervisory Board always had

ample opportunity to critically examine the resolu-

tions proposed by the Management Board and to

make their own suggestions. In particular, the mem-

bers of the Supervisory Board discussed all significant

business transactions for the Company on the basis

of written and verbal reports prepared by the Ma-

nagement Board and checked them for plausibility.

In several cases, the Supervisory Board dealt in detail

with the risk situation of the Company, liquidity

planning and the equity situation. In addition, the

Management Board also reported to the Supervisory

Board on the profitability of the Company, and in

particular the profitability of its equity, at the balance

sheet meeting. The Supervisory Board has given

its approval for individual business transactions

insofar as this was required by law, the Articles of

Association or the rules of procedure for the Manage-

ment Board.

The Company provides appropriate support to the

members of the Supervisory Board in their inaugurati-

on and in the training and further training measures.

All members of the Supervisory Board are given access

to specialist literature and are reimbursed for the costs

of attending seminars and webinars whose topics are

relevant to the work of the Supervisory Board.

Session attendance of the Supervisory Board

A total of six meetings of the Supervisory Board

were held in the reporting period, two of which

were face-to-face meetings and three of which were

conducted as conference calls. One meeting was

also held virtually (online with video and audio

transmission). If necessary, decisions were also taken

by written procedure. Approvals of draft resolutions

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG Report of the Supervisory Board

18:

letter dated 13 February 2020. The declaration of the Manage-

ment Board is under reserve until approval by the auditor which will occur presumably in January 2021.

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG

Potsdam, 7 December 2020

The Management Board

Rolf Elgeti

CEO

Alexander Kroth

CIO

Christian Hellmuth

CFO

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG Annual Report 2019/2020

132:

