Dear stakeholders

I hereby present the Company’s Remuneration

Report for 2020 on behalf of the Emira Remuneration

Committee (“the committee” or “Remco”) and the

Company’s Board of Directors.

EMIRA PROPERTY FUND

102

Remuneration report

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT | REMUNERATION REPORT:

letter of

appointment, and their remuneration, in the form of

non-executive director fees, is seen to be fair for both

the Company and the directors in comparison with

Emira’s peer group of companies. All such contracts

provide for a notice period of 30 days and tenure is

managed in accordance with a pre-determined policy.

INTRODUCTION

The Company’s 2020 staff complement totalled

24 employees (2019: 25) comprising executive

management, asset managers and support staff.

Emira’s external outsourced property managers

Broll, Feenstra Group and Swish Property Group deal

with the daily property management functions in

respect of the Company’s property portfolio. During

the year under review, property management fees

paid were R37,5 million (2019: R41,0 million).

REMUNERATION

PHILOSOPHY

Emira believes that it is very important that

the working environment is such that employees

are able to thrive and deliver their best effort and

accordingly, the philosophy is that all employees

should be remunerated and rewarded fairly for their

performance and contributions. Industry, market

and country benchmarks are used to ensure that

employees’ pay is market related. The benchmarking

process is conducted every three years and is assessed

against the median of the benchmark. Share ownership

is also encouraged to ensure long-term employee

participation in the Company’s sustainability.

The Company’s balanced approach to remuneration

encourages employees to achieve both the short-

and long-term strategic goals of the Company. The

remuneration policy’s strategic objectives are to

provide an enabling work environment that results

in the employ and retention of highly skilled staff to

ensure the Emira purpose is achieved and maximised,

ultimately resulting in distributable income growth

and overall long-term, top quartile returns

to all stakeholders.

It is essential that Emira retains and remunerates

its employees in a fair and equitable manner that is

commensurate with the packages of its peer group.

To this end, a scheduled benchmarking exercise will

be conducted in 2021 against the benchmarking

peer group of other listed and comparable

property companies.

Depending on the level of achievement of their KPIs

and future performance hurdles, Emira employees

are rewarded by way of incentives. This assists in

the alignment of the Company’s strategic goals with

those of its staff which results in the Company’s long-

term sustainability and success despite the prevailing

challenging market conditions. Total guaranteed

package (“TGP”), variable annual short-term incentives

(“STIs”) and long-term incentives (“LTIs”), together

with a share ownership facilitation plan, comprise the

remuneration pillars and are fully disclosed below.

All components of remuneration are approved by the

committee. Remco may amend the schemes in place

should it be of the opinion that improvements could be

made to better align the objectives of remuneration

with the performance of the Company.

REMUNERATION AND

NOMINATIONS COMMITTEE

COMPOSITION

The committee comprises three independent

non-executive directors. Vusi Mahlangu is the

committee’s chairman, and the CEO attends these

meetings by invitation.

The committee met three times during the year

under review as indicated on page 86 of this

integrated report.

The members of the Remuneration and Nominations

Committee are:

› Vusi Mahlangu (chairman)

› Bryan Kent (retiring on 13 August 2019)

› Gerhard van Zyl

› Wayne McCurrie (joined 13 August 2019)

RESPONSIBILITIES

The responsibilities of the committee include:

› upholding, reviewing and amending, if appropriate,

the remuneration philosophy and policy.

› ensuring that staff members are rewarded fairly,

in accordance with the median of the peer group

benchmark, for their individual contributions to

Emira’s overall performance, having regard to

the interests of stakeholders and Emira’s

financial position.

› approving remuneration packages designed

to attract, retain and motivate high-performing

employees including, but not limited to, basic

salary, performance-based short- and long-term

(share-based) incentives.

› encouraging and facilitating long term share

ownership to better align the interests of staff

members to that of stakeholders and ultimately

to encourage longer term wealth creation for

staff through share ownership in the Company.

› establishing appropriate criteria to measure the

performance of employees, and then measuring the

actual performances against the pre-set criteria.

› reviewing and recommending appropriate levels

of remuneration to be paid to the non-executive

directors and submitting these recommendations

to shareholders for approval.

KEY 2020 REMUNERATION DECISIONS

In execution of its duties and responsibilities, the

committee considered the following matters and

made the appropriate decisions:

› Further amendment of the STI performance

conditions to further align to Emira’s purpose

and in accordance with market best practice.

The KPIs were re-aligned and better defined.

These KPIs are continually assessed every year

to ensure that they remain aligned with the

Company’s strategic objectives;

PART 2

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

103

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT | REMUNERATION REPORT:

letter to enable them

to attend the Annual General Meeting, or, alternatively,

should the dematerialised shareholder not wish to

attend the Annual General Meeting, they should provide

their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions.

For administrative purposes only, we request

that completed forms be emailed to proxy@

computershare.co.za. Alternatively, they can

be delivered to Computershare Investor Services

Proprietary Limited, Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann

Avenue, Rosebank. Forms of proxy may also be

submitted electronically to the chairperson before

the start of the AGM or voting on any particular

resolution commences as set out in this notice.

During the AGM, each shareholder will have voting

rights determined in terms of the voting rights

attaching to the shares held by such shareholder

as set out in the MOI.

Annual General Meeting participants may be

required, in terms of section 63(1) of the Companies

Act, to provide identification to the reasonable

satisfaction of the Chairperson of the Annual

General Meeting. An official identification document

issued by the South African Department of Home

Affairs, a driver’s license or a valid passport will

be accepted as sufficient identification.

Shareholders who have any doubt as to the

action they are required to take in respect of the

following resolutions should consult their CSDP,

broker, banker, attorney, accountant or another

professional adviser immediately.

ELECTRONIC PARTICIPATION

The electronic platform to be utilised to host the Annual

General Meeting does not provide for electronic voting

during the meeting.

Shareholders are reminded that they are still able

to vote normally through proxy submission, despite

deciding to participate either electronically or not

at all in the Annual General Meeting.

Shareholders who wish to participate electronically

in and/or vote at the AGM are required to contact

the company’s transfer secretaries, Computershare

Investor Services Proprietary Limited, at proxy@

computershare.co.za as soon as possible, but in

any event no later than 11:00 South African time

on Friday, 27 November 2020.

EMIRA PROPERTY FUND

196

Notice of annual general meeting:

Letter of Representation to attend

the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy and vote. If they do not wish

to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy, they must provide

their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant

custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker.

These ordinary shareholders must not use this form of proxy.

Name of beneficial shareholder:

Name of registered shareholder:

Address:

Email:

Telephone work: ( )

Telephone home: ( )

Cell:

being the holder/custodian of

ordinary shares in the

Company, hereby appoint (see note):

1.

or failing him/her,

2.

or failing him/her,

3. the Chairperson of the meeting,

as my/our proxy to attend and act for me/us on my/our behalf at the Annual General

Meeting of the Company convened for purpose of considering and, if deemed

fit, passing, with or without modification, the special and ordinary resolutions to

be proposed thereat (“resolutions”) and at each postponement or adjournment

thereof and to vote for and/or against such resolutions, and/or abstain from

voting, in respect of the ordinary shares in the issued share capital of the Company

registered in my/our name/s in accordance with the following instructions:

Please indicate instructions to proxy in the space provided above by the

insertion therein of the relevant number of votes exercisable.

A member entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting may

appoint one or more proxies to attend and act in his stead. A proxy so

appointed need not be a member of the Company.

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolutions

1. Ordinary Resolution 1: Re-appointment of independent external auditors

2. Ordinary Resolution 2: Ratification of director’s appointment and re-election

of directors

2.1 Appointment of Ms Morrole as an independent non-executive director

2.2 Appointment of Mr J Templeton as a non-executive director

2.3 Re-election of Mr V Nkonyeni as an independent non-executive director

2.4 Re-election of Mr V Mhlangu as an independent non-executive director

2.5 Re-election of Mr G van Zyl as an independent non-executive director

3. Ordinary Resolution 3: Appointment of the chairman and members of the

Audit Committee

3.1 Appointment of Mr V Nkonyeni as a member and chairman of the Audit Committee

3.2 Appointment of Mr V Mahlangu as a member of the Audit Committee

3.3 Appointment of Ms B Moroole as a member of the Audit Committee

4. Ordinary resolution number 4: Approval of remuneration policy and

implementation report

4.1 Approval of remuneration policy

4.2 Approval of implementation report

5. Ordinary resolution number 5: Signature of documents

Special resolutions

6. Special resolution number 1: Approval of the non-executive directors’ remuneration

1.1 Board Chairperson

1.2 Board Member

1.3 Chairperson Audit Committee and Risk Committee

1.4 Audit Committee Member and Risk Committee Member

1.5 Chairperson Remuneration Committee

1.6 Remuneration Committee Member

1.7 Chairperson Finance Committee

1.8 Finance Committee Member

1.9 Chairperson Investment Committee

1.10 Investment Committee Member

1.11 Chairperson Environmental, Social and Governance Committee

1.12 Environmental, Social and Governance Committee Member

1.13 Ad hoc meetings (per hour)

7. Special resolution number 2: Financial assistance for subscription or purchase

of securities in connection with the DMTN programme

8. Special resolution number 3: Authority to provide loans or other financial

assistance, as contemplated in section 45 of the Companies Act

Signed at:

on

2020.

Signature:

Assisted by (if applicable)

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020

201

Form of proxy

Emira Property Fund Limited | (Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa) | Registration number: 2014/130842/06 | JSE Share Code: EMI | ISIN: ZAE000203063

(Approved as a REIT by the Johannesburg Stock Exchange) | (“Emira” or “the Fund” or “the Company”):

Letter

of Representation to attend the Annual General

Meeting in person or by proxy. If they do not

wish to attend in person or by proxy, they must

provide the CSDP or broker with their voting

instructions in terms of the relevant custody

agreement entered into between them and the

CSDP or broker. Should the CSDP or broker not

have provided the Company with the details

of the beneficial shareholding at the specific

request by the Company, such shares may be

disallowed to vote at the Annual General Meeting.

4. A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the

Annual General Meeting may insert the name of

a proxy or the names of two alternate proxies

(none of whom need be a shareholder of the

Company) of the shareholder’s choice in the

space provided, with or without deleting “the

Chairperson of the meeting”. The person whose

name stands first on this form of proxy and who

is present at the Annual General Meeting will

be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of

those proxy(ies) whose names follow. Should this

space be left blank, the proxy will be exercised

by the Chairperson of the meeting.

5. A shareholder is entitled to one vote on a show of

hands and, on a poll, one vote in respect of each

ordinary share held. A shareholder’s instructions

to the proxy must be indicated by the insertion of

the relevant number of votes exercisable by that

shareholder in the appropriate space provided. If

an “X” has been inserted in one of the blocks to a

particular resolution, it will indicate the voting of

all the shares held by the shareholder concerned.

Failure to comply with this will be deemed to

authorise the proxy to vote or to abstain from

voting at the Annual General Meeting as he/she

deems fit in respect of all the shareholder’s votes

exercisable thereat. A shareholder or the proxy

is not obliged to use all the votes exercisable by

the shareholders or by the proxy, but the total of

the votes cast and in respect of which abstention

is recorded may not exceed the total of the votes

exercisable by the shareholder or the proxy.

6. A vote given in terms of an instrument of

proxy shall be valid in relation to the Annual

General Meeting notwithstanding the death,

insanity or other legal disability of the person

granting it, or the revocation of the proxy, or

the transfer of the ordinary shares in respect

of which the proxy is given, unless notice as

to any of the aforementioned matters shall

have been received by the transfer secretaries

not less than 48 (forty eight) hours before the

commencement of the Annual General Meeting.

EMIRA PROPERTY FUND

202

Notes to the form of proxy:

