managing director

of Group Five’s residential development business

during the 1980s and early 1990s, he started his 20-

year tenure at the Nedbank group in 1994. In 1997

he was appointed the managing executive of Nedcor

Investment Bank’s property finance division and

in 2004 he was appointed managing executive of

Nedbank Corporate Property Finance.

Frank has vast experience in both the equity and debt

financing of all aspects of the property industry and

served as a director on the boards of Sycom Property

Fund (18 years) and Acucap (11 years) until their

acquisition by Growthpoint. He currently serves as a

non-executive director at Growthpoint.

He was also chair of Hospitality Property Fund and a

director and chair of the audit committee of Attfund,

one of the largest unlisted property companies in

South Africa, before its sale to Hyprop.

Frank was appointed chair of Exemplar in 2018 and is a

member of both the Audit and Risk and Remuneration

Committees.

BPROC, LLB, HDIP COMPANY LAW

Phatudi is the founder, and currently a senior partner

in the Corporate and Commercial Department, of

Maponya Inc. where he practises as an attorney.

He has served as the chair of Philane Occupational

Health Care and also Nation’s Capital, an advisory

firm rendering services to the private and public

sectors. The firm has advised the government on

the privatisation of Roshcon, an Eskom subsidiary,

as well as Aventura Holiday Resorts.

Phatudi has fulfilled a number of other roles

including having been a member of the Vista

University audit committee; the chair of The Police

Support Mechanism Trust; a part-time member of

the Competition Tribunal; chair of Noah Innovation

- a stockbroking firm registered with the JSE - and

executive chair of North West Transport Investments.

Phatudi was appointed to the board of Exemplar

upon the incorporation of the Company. He is a

member of the Audit and Risk Committee and

chairs the Social and Ethics Committee.

FRANK MICHAEL BERKELEY (63)

ELIAS PHATUDI MAPONYA (PHATUDI) (52)

ABOUT

EXEMPLAR

BUSINESS

REVIEW

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

ANNUAL

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

SHAREHOLDER

INFORMATION

PAGE 20:

letter, the proposed audit fee for the year

ended 29 February 2020, and the external auditors’

report. Accordingly, the committee nominates and

recommends BDO as auditors, with Garron Chaitowitz

as the engagement audit partner, for shareholder

approval at the next AGM.

INTERNAL AUDIT

The Company appointed Moore Johannesburg

(“Moore”) to fulfil the internal audit function. Moore

will conduct internal audits for specific projects,

including a review of the Company’s IT system, which

is currently underway.

A U D I T A N D R I S K

C O M M I T T E E R E P O R T

I N T E G R A T E D

R E P O R T 2 0 2 0

PAGE 63:

letter of

representation to attend.

I N T E G R A T E D

R E P O R T 2 0 2 0

PAGE 139:

letter of representation,

in terms of their custody agreements, should they wish to

attend the AGM. Such shareholder must not complete the

attached form of proxy.

In terms of section 63(1) of the Companies Act, meeting

participants will be required to provide identification

to the reasonable satisfaction of the chair of the AGM

and the chair must be reasonably satisfied that the right

of any person to participate in and vote (whether as a

shareholder or as a proxy for a shareholder) has been

reasonably satisfied. Accordingly, valid identification

is required in order to verify the participants who are

entitled to participate in, vote and speak at the meeting

– this applies to both shareholders and proxies.

Shareholders and proxies should, therefore, ensure that

such identification is available on the day of the meeting.

Acceptable forms of identification include valid identity

documents, drivers’ licences and passports.

In order to more effectively record the votes and give

effect to the intentions of shareholders, voting on all

resolutions will be conducted by way of a poll.

T E L E P H O N I C

P A R T I C I P A T I O N

Shareholders or their proxies may participate in

the meeting by way of a telephone conference call.

Shareholders or their proxies who wish to participate in

the AGM via the teleconference facility will be required

to advise the Company thereof by no later than 15h00

on Monday, 13 July 2020, by submitting, by email to

the company secretary at ananda@exemplarreit.co.za,

relevant contact details including an email address,

cellular number and landline, as well as full details of the

shareholder’s title to the shares issued by the Company

together with proof of identity, in the form of copies of

identity documents and share certificates (in the case of

certificated shareholders), and written confirmation from

the shareholder’s CSDP (in the case of dematerialised

shareholders) confirming the shareholder’s title to the

dematerialised shares. Upon receipt of the required

information, the shareholder concerned will be provided

with a secure code and instructions to access the

teleconference facility during the AGM.

Shareholders who wish to participate in the AGM

by way of telephone conference call must note that

they will not be able to vote during the AGM. Such

shareholders, should they wish to have their vote

counted at the AGM, must, to the extent applicable (i)

complete the form of proxy; or (ii) contact their CSDP

or broker, as set out above.

In light of the directive announced on 23 March 2020

by the President of South Africa in terms of section

27(1) of the Disaster Management Act, No. 57 of 2002

implementing a nationwide lockdown with effect from

26 March 2020 and extended to the end of April 2020,

which may be extended or re-instated from time to time

(“Lockdown”), and the guidance from the South African

Government regarding the need for social distancing,

as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, shareholders

are encouraged to make use of proxies at the AGM. In

the event of a future Lockdown, future regulations or

directives or preventative measures relating to COVID-19,

shareholders or their proxies may be prevented from

attending the AGM in person. In such circumstances,

Exemplar may determine, by way of notice to shareholders

published on SENS and in the South African press by no

later than 10 (ten) business days prior to the AGM, that

the AGM will take place entirely by electronic means and/

or that shareholders or their proxies will be entitled to

vote electronically, which notice will include details and

instructions of such arrangement.

ANANDA BOOYSEN

Company Secretary

ABOUT

EXEMPLAR

BUSINESS

REVIEW

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

SHAREHOLDER

INFORMATION

PAGE 140

ANNUAL

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

letter of representation to do so,

or provide the CSDP or broker timeously with their voting

instructions should they not wish to attend the AGM in

order for the CSDP or broker to vote in accordance with

their instructions at the AGM.

(FOR USE BY CERTIFICATED AND OWN-NAME

DEMATERIALISED SHAREHOLDERS ONLY)

I N T E G R A T E D

R E P O R T 2 0 2 0

PAGE 141:

