Managing director

and chief executive

ofﬁ cer (“CEO”)(2)

Executive

director

Independent

non-executive

director

Independent

non-executive

director

Independent

non-executive

director

Our board of directors forms the core of the values and ethics the company subscribes to

through its various bodies and committees. We sustain these values and ethics through

our directors’ standing and reputation in the business community, their belief in freely and

fairly dealing in utmost good faith and their respect for laws and regulations.:

Managing director and CEO(1)

BBusSci (Fin) (Hons), CA(SA), CFA

Date of appointment: April 2016

Mr Brown joined Fortress from Capital Property Fund after its acquisition in December 2015.

He entered the property industry in 2008 as a listed property analyst for Corovest after

completing his articles. Following this, Mr Brown joined Standard Bank’s global markets

division in the equity derivatives ﬁ nance team, and joined the South African real estate

division, focusing on structured lending and equity transactions. He has been involved with

several listed real estate companies since 2013, focusing on deal origination and structuring.

With effect from 28 April 2020, Mr Brown was appointed as a non-independent non-

executive director of NEPI Rockcastle.

Committees: Investment; risk

3. MR SIPHO VUSO MAJIJA (41)

Executive director

DCE (Cape Technikon), BSc (Hons) (Property Studies), MBA (Gordon Institute of Business

Science (“GIBS”))

Date of appointment: May 2017

Mr Majija has been part of Fortress since its listing in 2009. He has 14 years’ extensive

experience in property and asset management of commercial, industrial and retail

properties. Mr Majija heads up Fortress’ retail portfolio and is responsible for developments,

redevelopments, extensions, national tenant relations, acquisitions and disposals. He

previously served on Pangbourne Properties Limited’s board as an alternate director. From

6 June 2018, Mr Majija served on the board of NEPI Rockcastle as a non-independent,

non-executive director. Since 28 April 2020 he has been an alternate director to Mr Brown.

He also serves as a director of the South African Council of Shopping Centres (“SACSC”).

4. MR JAN NAUDÉ POTGIETER (51)

Independent non-executive director

BCompt (Hons), CTA, CA(SA), Management Development Programme (University

of Michigan), Strategic Planning and Management in Retailing (Monash University

Australia), Advanced Management Programme (INSEAD France)

Date of appointment: December 2015

Mr Potgieter qualiﬁ ed as a chartered accountant after completing his articles at

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc (“PwC”). He held various managerial positions early in his

career, including business manager at Clover SA, followed by seven years in various divisions

of SABMiller in senior ﬁ nancial roles. He was headhunted by Massmart in 2005 to join its

Massdiscounters team – ﬁ rst as ﬁ nancial director and then as CEO – a position he held for

six years. He then consulted and joined the Italtile Group in 2014 as COO, and served as

CEO from 2016.

Committees: Audit; investment (chairperson); nomination

5. MR DJURK PETER CLAUDIUS VENTER (52)

Independent non-executive director

BCompt (Hons), CA(SA)

Date of appointment: October 2009

Mr Venter completed his articles at Ernst & Young and joined the Department of Inland

Revenue in the insurance and ﬁ nancial institution assessing division. He started an audit

practice in 1996, which merged with PKF Octagon Chartered Accountants in January 2016.

Mr Venter resigned late in 2017 and formed another audit practice, Lighthouse CA. He was

a non-executive director and chairperson of Diversiﬁ ed Property Fund’s audit committee.

Committees: Audit (appointed chairperson from 4 August 2020); remuneration

6. MS HERMINA (INA) CHRISTINA LOPION (61)

Independent non-executive director

BSc, Executive Development Programme

Date of appointment: January 2020

Ms Lopion has a BSc degree from Stellenbosch University and qualiﬁ cations in executive

leadership. She has an in-depth knowledge of the South African property market, gained over

more than 28 years in the industry. She plays an active role in industry leadership and was

a director of the SACSC. Ms Lopion was previously an executive director of Vukile Property

Fund Limited and held various positions at Sanlam Properties and Gensec Property Services.

Committees: Investment; nomination

7. MS SUSAN MELANIE LUDOLPH (56)

Independent non-executive director

BCom, BAcc, CA(SA)

Date of appointment: December 2018

Ms Ludolph played a driving role in South African and international business reporting. She

is and has been an independent member of the Discovery Health Medical Scheme’s audit

committee for ﬁ ve years and was an independent member of the Discovery Health Medical

Scheme’s risk committee for four years. She was a judge for the PwC Building Public Trust

Awards from 2014 to 2019. She was previously the project director: ﬁ nancial reporting for

the South African Institute of Chartered Accountants (“SAICA”), co-founded the CFO Forum

of South Africa, was the national recruitment partner for Deloitte, and was the dean of the

commerce faculty and director of the Midrand campus for Educor Limited. She established

and implemented the strategy and work plan of South Africa’s ﬁ rst top 100 CFO Forum

that guides, inﬂ uences and leads on issues affecting CFOs and business. Ms Ludolph has

experience in ﬁ nancial and integrated reporting, tax, risk management and governance.

Committees: Risk (chairperson); audit

8. MS VUYISWA REITUMETSE MUTSHEKWANE (34)

Independent non-executive director

BCom (Politics, Philosophy and Economics), Certiﬁ cate in Property Development and

Investment

Date of appointment: December 2018

Ms Mutshekwane is the CEO of the South African Institute of Black Property Practitioners

(“SAIBPP”) and chairperson of the National Property Practitioners Council. A transformation

advocate, she has been instrumental in driving key national property sector-speciﬁ c empowerment

policies and programmes with a core focus on enterprise development, preferential procurement,

youth and women empowerment. Ms Mutshekwane is a member of the Property Sector

Charter Council’s technical committee and the Black Business Council Infrastructure & Youth

Committees. In 2018, Ms Mutshekwane was selected as one of 16 women globally to represent

South Africa at the prestigious Fortune 500 United States Department of State Global Women’s

Mentoring Programme. She received numerous recognitions and featured in, among others, the

2011 Destiny Magazine ‘Top 40 Under 40’ list, the 2017 Young Independents Top 100, and was

a ﬁ nalist for the Young Business Leader of the Year in the 2018 CNBC Africa All Africa Business

Leaders Awards.

Committees: Risk; social and ethics:

managing director and CEO’s role, with the

chairperson being independent;

• The

board

comprises

a

majority

of

independent non-executive directors;

• The

audit,

investment,

nomination,

remuneration, risk, and social and ethics

committees

comprise

a

majority

of

independent non-executive directors;

• Non-executive directors do not hold service

contracts;

• All directors have access to the advice and

services of the company secretary; and

• All directors are entitled to seek independent

professional

advice

concerning

the

company’s affairs at the company’s expense

and with prior consent from the chairperson.

Based on an assessment conducted during the

year, our non-executive directors are considered

independent in terms of King IV™ and the

JSE Listings Requirements. Independence

evaluations are performed annually.

The following independent non-executive directors chaired our board’s various sub-committees:

• Audit committee

Mr Robin Lockhart-Ross, who served as audit committee chairperson until his appointment

as board chairperson from 1 July 2020, whereafter Mr Venter was appointed as chairperson.

Mr Lockhart-Ross remained a member of the audit committee after 1 July 2020.

• Nomination committee

Dr Iraj Abedian, who served as chairperson until his resignation from the board on

30 June 2020. Mr Lockhart-Ross was appointed as committee chairperson thereafter.

• Risk committee

Ms Susan Ludolph

• Investment committee

Mr Jan Potgieter

• Remuneration committee

Ms Tshiamo Matlapeng-Vilakazi served as chairperson until she sadly passed away on

20 September 2020. Mr Lockhart-Ross was then appointed as interim chairperson.

• Social and ethics committee

Ms Matlapeng-Vilakazi served as chairperson until her resignation in August 2020, whereafter

Ms Vuyiswa Mutshekwane was appointed as committee chairperson.

Independent non-executive directors are directors who have not been employed by the group

for the preceding three years and are not related to the group or to any shareholder, supplier,

customer or other director of the group in a way that would lead to their integrity, impartiality

or objectivity being compromised. They have and will continue to have signiﬁcant inﬂuence at

meetings.

Chairperson

Fortress has a unitary board with an independent non-executive director as chairperson. The chairperson oversees the board’s effective functioning.

In his leadership role, he is involved in setting the group’s strategic direction and ensures effective corporate governance practices.

After 30 June 2020, Fortress deviated from the following King IV™ recommendations:

• The board chairperson should not be a member of the audit committee; and

• The board chairperson may be a member of the remuneration committee, but should not be the committee chairperson.

Mr Lockhart-Ross was appointed as independent non-executive chairperson of our board following Dr Abedian’s retirement with effect from

30 June 2020. Mr Lockhart-Ross remained an audit committee member upon his appointment as board chairperson because:

• Mr Lockhart-Ross has the required skill, competence and knowledge required of an audit committee member; and

• Mr Lockhart-Ross will remain an audit committee member until a replacement is appointed.

Mr Lockhart-Ross was also appointed as remuneration committee chairperson on 28 September 2020 due to Ms Matlapeng-Vilakazi’s passing.

The loss of Ms Matlapeng-Vilakazi necessitated the appointment of Ms Lopion to the committee and Mr Lockhart-Ross as interim chairperson

through to the conclusion of the annual review of remuneration in respect of the 2021 cycle, effective from 1 January 2021. The board is aware

that Mr Lockhart-Ross’ appointment as both board and remuneration committee chairperson is not in accordance with the recommendations of

King IV™. His appointment is intended only as an interim arrangement as Mr Lockhart-Ross served on the committee for two years and, together

with Ms Matlapeng-Vilakazi, attended meetings with shareholders during November 2019 prior to the annual general meeting to engage with them

on our remuneration implementation policy. The board will appoint a new chairperson to the remuneration committee in the new calendar year.

Refer to

pages 16 to 19 for details of directors and their dates of appointment, other listed directorships and career and sphere of inﬂ uence

synopses.:

