Letter from the Chair of the Board

4

Our business model

5

Chief Executive’s review

8

2020 Overview

12

Market overview

13

Our strategy and priorities

14

Key Performance Indicators

16

Sustainability review – Positive Places

20

Our people

21

Property portfolio review

25

Financial review

35

Risks and uncertainties

42

Viability statement

Corporate Governance Report

44

Board of Directors

45

Corporate Governance report

52

Nomination Committee report

56

Audit Committee report

60

Directors’ Remuneration report

80

Directors’ report

Financial Statements

82

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

83

Independent auditors’ report

93

Group financial statements

99

Notes to the financial statements

146

Company financial statements

148

Notes to the Company financial statements

Other Information

154

Additional disclosures

– EPRA measures

– Portfolio analysis

– Share of Property interests

– Premium outlets

– Proportionally consolidated information

167

Key property listing

168

Ten-year financial summary

169

GHG emissions 2020

170

Shareholder information

172

Glossary

Visit our website www.hammerson.com for more

information about us and our business

@hammersonplc

Hammerson

@hammerson_plc:

Letter from the Chair of the Board

Robert Noel

Chair of the Board

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2020

2:

Letter from the Chair of the Board:

Letter from the Chair of the Board

on pages 2 and 3

Strategic Report

Xxxxxx

www.hammerson.com

37

Strategic report

Risks and uncertainties:

Managing Director

UK & Ireland and Chief

Commercial Officer,

Europe, at ODEON.

Carol is our Nominated

Non-Executive Director

for colleague engagement.

Appointed to the

Board

26 November 2015

Andrew brings deep

experience in capital

markets and fund

management, including

property management,

and has managed

portfolios and businesses

across Europe and

globally. In particular, he

has experience of

managing complex

businesses through

periods of change.

Andrew previously spent

10 years as CEO of

Henderson Group plc

and then Co-CEO of

Janus Henderson after

its merger in 2017.

External Listed

Directorships

CEO of Jupiter Fund

Management plc.

Adam Metz

Non-Executive

Director

Des de Beer

Non-Executive

Director

Carol Welch

Non-Executive

Director

Andrew Formica

Non-Executive

Director

Key to Committee membership

Audit Committee

Investment and Disposal Committee

Nomination Committee

Remuneration Committee

Committee Chair

Full biographical details for

each Director and full details

of external appointments

can be found on our website

at www.hammerson.com

A

R

I

I

I

A

A

A

A

I

N

N

N

N

N

N

I

N

N

R

N

A

R

R

R

N

You can view details

of our Group Executive

Committee members

on our website at

www.hammerson.com

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2020

44:

Dear Shareholders

I am pleased to present the Corporate Governance report for 2020.

The Company is reporting against the principles of the UK Corporate

Governance Code 2018 (the Code). I confirm that the Company has

complied with the provisions of the Code in full during 2020. The

Code is available on the website of the Financial Reporting Council

at www.frc.org.uk.

The purpose of the Code is to require companies to be transparent and

to promote the highest ethical standards for UK listed businesses. The

Company’s compliance with the Code is reported against each of the

five main sections of the Code: Board Leadership and Company

Purpose; Division of Responsibilities; Composition, Succession and

Evaluation; Audit, Risk and Internal Control; and Remuneration.

Board Leadership and Company Purpose

Directors

The Board of Directors of the Company is detailed on page 44 and

further information on each Director can be found on the Company’s

website at www.hammerson.com.

Purpose

The purpose of the Group is to create vibrant, continually evolving

spaces in and around thriving cities, where people and brands want

to be. We seek to deliver value for all our stakeholders and to create

a positive and sustainable impact for generations to come. The

Board is committed to the delivery of a clear strategy, underpinned

by the three pillars of capital efficiency, an optimised portfolio and

operational excellence. For more information on our strategy, please

see pages 2 to 42.

Strategy

The Board was required to undertake decisive steps in 2020 to ensure

the future of the Group with the significant disruptions caused by the

Covid-19 pandemic. The focus has been to strengthen the Group’s

balance sheet and ensure sufficient liquidity during a very challenging

year by raising capital, undertaking further disposals, implementing

cost reduction and cash retention. Further information is set out in

the CFO’s Financial Review on pages 25 to 34.

Following the appointment of Rita-Rose Gagné as the Chief Executive

in November 2020, a detailed review of the business is being carried

out to determine the future strategic direction of the Group, given the

continued structural changes to the retail environment. The review is

expected to be completed by the half year.

Stakeholders

We seek to deliver value for all our stakeholders. The Board is also

aware that its actions and decisions impact our stakeholders including

the communities in which we operate. Effective engagement with

stakeholders is important to the Board as it strengthens the business

and helps to deliver a positive result for all our stakeholder groups. It

also assists the Directors with understanding their views. Our

stakeholders’ views are a key consideration for the Board when making

decisions. In order to comply with Section 172 of the Companies Act,

the Board is required to take into consideration the interests of

stakeholders and include a statement setting out the way in which

Directors have discharged this duty during the year. Further

information of the actions carried out in 2020 by the Board to comply

with its obligations to the Group’s stakeholders are detailed on pages

48 to 50 and the statement of compliance with Section 172 is set out

on page 50.

Task Force for Climate-Related Financial Disclosures

Details of the Board’s work to comply with the requirements of the

Task Force for Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) are

shown on page 51. The TCFD articulates the direct link between

climate risk and financial risk.

Culture

The Board receives relevant updates on how the application of the

Group’s culture and values are embedded for colleagues and the

Group’s wider stakeholders. The results of the annual “Great Place to

Work” colleague survey are presented to the Board and the findings

considered. The clearly defined values of ambition, respect,

collaboration and responsibility are embedded in the business. New

joiners receive a detailed induction programme where the values are

explained and they are reinforced through the internal

communications programme, community engagement projects and

the commitment to the Net Positive strategy.

The Group is committed to fully complying with all laws and

regulations and has high standards of governance and compliance. The

Code of Conduct has been prepared to help colleagues and Directors to

fulfil their personal responsibilities to investors and stakeholders. The

Code of Conduct covers the following areas:

– Compliance and accountability

– The required standards of personal behaviour

– The Group’s dealings with stakeholders

– Measures to prevent fraud, bribery and corruption

– Share dealing

– Security of information

The colleague induction programme includes compulsory modules

on unconscious bias and equality, health and safety, anti-bribery,

modern slavery, sustainability, protection of confidential and

inside information, data protection, and management of expenses

which are delivered in the UK via the Group’s online Learning

Management System.

The Directors remain committed to zero tolerance of bribery and

corruption by colleagues and the Group’s suppliers. The Audit

Committee received a report on the Company’s policies and procedures

in place to prevent bribery and corruption and for detecting and

preventing fraud. The Board has received the annual Whistleblowing

Report and reviewed the arrangements in place for individuals to raise

concerns and the mechanism for the investigation of such matters.

During 2020 no concerns were raised using that facility and no other

issues were raised that have been treated as whistleblowing.

The Group’s Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement is

submitted to the Board for approval each year, and the statement is

published on the Company’s website at www.hammerson.com.

Strategic focus on a strengthened balance sheet to position the business over

the medium-term

www.hammerson.com

45

Governance

Corporate Governance report:

Dear Shareholders

I am pleased to present the report of the Nomination Committee (the

Committee) covering the work of the Committee during 2020 in

relation to composition of and succession to the Board and its

Committees. It has been a busy year for the Committee with a number

of changes to the Board and the senior management team.

The Committee comprises all our Non-Executive Directors and

its terms of reference can be found on the Company’s website at

www.hammerson.com. The Committee is responsible for

recommending appointments to the Board and ensures that plans

have been put in place for the orderly succession to the Board, its

Committees and the senior management team. This includes the

development of a pipeline of potential candidates, bearing in mind

gender and ethnic diversity, to the Board and the senior management

team with the necessary skills and experience.

During the year, the Committee has undertaken searches for the Chair

of the Board, the Chief Executive and a Non-Executive Director. It

engaged external search consultancies to assist with the process and to

identify potential candidates from the wider market. Other than in the

provision of recruitment services, none of the consultancies engaged

has any connection with the Company or any of its Directors. Each is

accredited with the FTSE 350 category of the Enhanced Voluntary

Code of Conduct for Executive Search Firms. The Committee also

oversaw the arrangements for the appointment of Des de Beer as a

Non-Executive Director. More details of the process are set out below.

Appointment of the Chief Executive

In May 2020, the Committee started the process to find a Chief

Executive, following the resignation of David Atkins.

The Committee agreed on the selection of Spencer Stuart as executive

search consultant for the purposes of this role. A job specification was

Nomination Committee members

Robert Noel

(Chair – appointed 7 September 2020)

David Tyler

(Chair – resigned 7 September 2020)

Pierre Bouchut

Méka Brunel

Gwyn Burr

Mike Butterworth (appointed 1 January 2021)

Des de Beer (appointed 15 June 2020)

Andrew Formica

Judy Gibbons (resigned 28 April 2020)

Adam Metz

Carol Welch

Nomination Committee report

prepared in conjunction with Spencer Stuart. A shortlist of internal and

external candidates was drawn up and interviews were conducted by the

Nomination Committee. The Committee then made a recommendation

for the appointment of Rita-Rose Gagné to the Board.

Rita-Rose joined the Board on 2 November 2020 as an Executive

Director and Chief Executive. During her first month with the Group,

she completed a comprehensive and tailored induction programme

and met with operational and functional members of the senior

management team and met with key external advisers to the Board

and the Group.

Appointment of Chair of the Board

During the search process for Chief Executive, the Committee

widened the scope of services of Spencer Stuart to include potential

candidates for Chair of the Board.

A wide range of candidates were considered and discussed by the

Committee and a final recommendation was made to the Board. The

outcome of the process was my appointment to the Board as a

Non-Executive Director on 1 September 2020 and as Chair of the

Board on 7 September 2020.

Appointment of Non-Executive Directors

On 15 June 2020, Des de Beer joined the Board as a Non-Executive

Director. This followed a period of discussion between the Board and

Lighthouse Capital Limited, a property company which invests in

direct property and listed real estate securities and is currently a

significant shareholder in Hammerson. Des de Beer is a non-executive

director of Lighthouse Capital and has significant experience in

property investment and management. His skills and experience were

considered by the Committee to be particularly helpful to the Board as

the Group faced significant challenges in the macro-economic

environment. As a result, the Committee did not engage an executive

search consultant for this appointment. Des is a member of the

Nomination Committee.

In November 2020, the Committee engaged Russell Reynolds to

facilitate a search for an additional Non-Executive Director with

extensive financial and audit experience with UK listed companies to

bring additional expertise to the Board and the Audit Committee. A role

specification was prepared in conjunction with Russell Reynolds. A

shortlist of candidates was drawn up by the consultant and interviews

were conducted by the Committee. The Committee then made a

recommendation for the appointment of Mike Butterworth to the

Board. Mike joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director on 1 January

2021. He is also a member of the Audit and Nomination Committees.

Induction of Non-Executive Directors

On appointment to the Board, the Non-Executive Directors were given

a thorough induction on the Group which involves meeting with

members of the senior management team with responsibility for

operational and functional areas and with key external advisors to the

Board to gain wider perspectives on Hammerson and its sector, and

the law and governance issues relevant to the Directors. The induction

meetings were carried out remotely to comply with the regulations

introduced in the UK and Europe to deal with the Covid-19 pandemic.

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2020

52:

Dear Shareholders

I am pleased to present the report of the Audit Committee (the

Committee) for the year. This report provides insight into the

activities of the Committee in the year and sets out its performance

against the terms of reference and information on its key activities in

accordance with the annual work plan.

It continues to have a governance role for the Company and reviews,

on behalf of the Board and shareholders, important matters relating to

financial reporting, internal controls and risk management. The terms

of reference of the Committee are available on the Group’s website at

www.hammerson.com.

Audit Committee members

Each member of the Committee is an Independent Non-Executive

Director. The Chair of the Board is not a member of the Committee but

may attend its meetings by invitation. The Committee has a deep

knowledge and significant business experience in financial reporting,

risk management, internal control and strategic management. This

combined knowledge and experience enables us to perform our duties

properly. In addition, the Board considers that the members of the

Committee as a whole have relevant sector knowledge. I also meet the

requirement to bring recent financial experience to the Committee.

More information about the Committee members’ skills and

experience are set out on page 44.

The role of the Audit Committee

The Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities in

relation to:

– Ensuring that management has systems and procedures in place to

ensure the integrity of financial information

– Reviewing the Company’s internal audit arrangements

– Managing the relationship with the External Auditor

– Reviewing the effectiveness, objectivity and the independence of the

External Auditor, including agreeing the scope of work and the level

of audit fees

– Risk management

– Consideration of financial judgements

– Overseeing the valuations of the Group’s property portfolio

Audit Committee meetings

The Committee met five times during the year. The agenda for each

meeting reflects the annual reporting cycle of the Group and includes

particular matters for the Committee’s consideration. A report is given

to the Board following each meeting of the Committee.

The Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive, the Chief Financial

Officer and other members of the senior finance management team,

together with senior representatives of the Company’s External

Auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), are invited to attend all

or part of meetings as appropriate. In order to fulfil its duties as set out

in its terms of reference, the Audit Committee receives presentations

and reviews reports from the Group’s senior management, consulting

as necessary with PwC.

The Committee meets with no Company management present at least

once a year with PwC, and at least once with the Group’s Risk and

Controls Manager who is responsible for the internal audit function.

In addition, it meets annually with the Risk and Controls Manager and

the Director of Finance to discuss internal control matters.

The Valuers (Cushman & Wakefield, JLL and CBRE) and PwC have

full access to one another, and the Chair of the Audit Committee met

with the Valuers and PwC separately to discuss the half-year and year

end valuation process to ensure each is satisfied that there has been a

full and open exchange of information and views.

Audit Committee effectiveness review

For 2020, the review of the Audit Committee was carried out

internally. I can confirm that the Committee continues to perform

well with no significant concerns. The private sessions of the

Committee also provide further opportunities to discuss matters in

connection with its effectiveness.

The External Auditor and external audit

The appointment of PwC is subject to ongoing monitoring and the

Committee considered the effectiveness of PwC as part of the 2020

year end process. The Committee took a number of factors into

account when considering the effectiveness of the external audit,

including the quality and scope of the audit plan and reporting. The

Committee also sought the views of key members of the finance team,

senior management and Directors on the audit process and the quality

and experience of the audit partner engaged in the audit. Their

feedback confirmed that PwC continues to perform well and provides

an appropriate level of challenge to management. The Committee has

concluded that overall PwC has carried out its audit for 2020

effectively and efficiently. During the year, the audit partner retired

and was replaced by Sonia Copeland.

During the year the Committee reviewed and approved the proposed

audit fees and terms of engagement for the 2020 audit and

recommended to the Board that it propose to shareholders that PwC be

reappointed as the Group’s External Auditor at the AGM on 4 May 2021.

Audit Committee members

Pierre Bouchut (Chair)

Gwyn Burr

Mike Butterworth (appointed 1 January 2021)

Andrew Formica

Judy Gibbons (retired 28 April 2020)

Adam Metz (appointed 28 April 2020)

Safeguarding the business by thoroughly reviewing and testing its processes

to ensure it is managing risk, delivering transparent and accurate reporting,

and acting in the long-term interests of its stakeholders

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2020

56:

Dear Shareholders

As Chair of the Remuneration Committee (the Committee) I am

pleased to present our Directors’ Remuneration report (the Report)

for the year ended 31 December 2020.

Context for the Committee’s decisions

The Committee carried out its duties with the backdrop of difficult

conditions in the wider economy, and stress within our market where

the challenge of major structural change in the retail sector has been

exacerbated by the impact of Covid-19. In difficult circumstances the

Company undertook two major transactions in 2020 to strengthen its

financial position; a rights issue to raise net proceeds of approximately

£529m and the disposal of the Company’s interest in VIA Outlets.

Response to Covid-19 and the impact on

remuneration

Covid-19 has had a materially adverse impact on the Group. The

closure of non-essential retail for extended periods during the year

and into 2021 has led to stress in the retail sector resulting in a

significant reduction in our rent collection. As a result of the closures

and reduced revenue, the Company undertook the following measures

to conserve cash:

– Cancelling the final dividend for 2019. In order to maintain the

Group’s REIT and SIIC status, a dividend with an enhanced scrip

alternative was paid in December 2020

– Placing a number of colleagues in the UK on furlough with the

Company topping up the government’s payments to full pay

and benefits

– Introducing cost saving measures which included making a small

number of redundancies

– Delaying non-essential capital expenditure

– Undertaking a rights issue and debt restructuring

On 25 March 2020, the Company provided an update on two changes

in relation to the proposed implementation of the new Remuneration

Policy (the Policy) in 2020 following the publication of the Annual

Report and Notice of Annual General Meeting (AGM). The Company

sought shareholder approval at the AGM to introduce the Restricted

Share Scheme (RSS) for Executive Directors and had indicated in

the 2019 Report that the initial grant in 2020 would be over shares

worth, at the time of grant, 75% of salary. In light of the then current

market conditions:

– The Executive and Non-Executive Directors asked that their salary

and fee increases (set out in the 2019 Report and due to take effect

on 1 April 2020) be cancelled

– Given the fall in the Company’s share price since the proposed

Remuneration Policy and its 2020 implementation were included in

the 2019 Report, the Committee decided to defer a decision on the

timing and number of the shares to be granted to Executive

Directors in order to ensure that the RSS and Policy operated as

intended, and that the grant would be subject to a 75% cap of salary

– In addition, the Non-Executive and Executive Directors waived 20%

of their fees and salaries for the period 1 April 2020 to 30 June 2020

Furthermore, no Executive Director or member of the Group

Executive Committee received a bonus (Annual Incentive Plan or AIP)

in respect of 2020.

Remuneration policy

At the AGM on 28 April 2020, the new Policy was approved by

shareholders with 91.34% of shares voted in favour. The Policy will

remain in force until a revised policy is approved by shareholders at

the AGM in 2023 at the latest. Further information on the application

of the Policy during 2020 is detailed on pages 75 to 79. The Policy is

shaped by the following underlying principles that aim to achieve:

– Alignment of remuneration with strategy and stakeholder interests

– The long-term success of the Company

– Consistency and transparency

– The reward of performance with competitive remuneration

– Support for the Company's values

– A mixture of fixed remuneration, short-term and long-term incentives

Executive Director changes

The Company announced on 27 May 2020 that David Atkins would be

stepping down as Chief Executive and from the Board, though would

continue in role until the appointment of his successor. On 2

November 2020, David Atkins stepped down as Chief Executive and

Executive Director and Rita-Rose Gagné joined the Company as Chief

Executive and Executive Director. Further details on her terms of

appointment are set out in the Report but briefly comprise:

– A lower pension allowance. The Committee took the opportunity

to reduce the pension salary supplement to below that offered

to colleagues

– Equivalent ongoing bonus and RSS (compared with that envisaged

for her predecessor) although her initial RSS grant was set at the

policy maximum of 150%

– She was not considered for a bonus for the 2020 financial year:

