letter, plan and budgeted audit fees;

•

reviewed the audit plan, report back and reports;

•

confirmed the going concern basis for preparing the annual financial statements;

•

examined and reviewed the annual financial statements, and all financial information disclosed to the public prior to submission

and approval by the board;

•

considered the appropriateness of accounting policies adopted by the Fund;:

letter, signed by management on the annual financial statements

During the year, the Audit and Risk Committee considered key accounting matters and judgements in respect of the financial

statements relating to:

•

Valuation of Investment Properties – The valuation of investment properties include comparable bulk sales, discounted cash

flow and net income capitalisation, using contracted rental income and other cash flows. These valuations are regularly

compared to actual market yield data, actual transactions by the Fund and those reported by the market. Valuations

were carried out as at 31 March 2020 by Mills Fitchet Magnus Penny, an independent, professional valuer registered without

restriction in terms of the Property Valuers Act No. 47 of 2000.

•

Going concern and covenant compliance – The Audit and Risk Committee reviewed, challenged and concluded upon

the Group’s going concern review and consideration of its viability statement including giving due consideration to the

appropriateness of key judgements, assumptions and estimates underlying the budgets and projections that underpin the

review and a review of compliance with key financial covenants.

The Audit and Risk Committee was comfortable that the approach taken by the valuers was appropriate. For more information,

please see note 28 of the Fund’s annual financial statements

The Committee performed the following duties in respect of the year under review

•

satisfied itself that the external auditor is independent of the Fund as set out in Section 94(8) of the Act, and suitable for

reappointment by considering, inter alia, the information stated in paragraph 22.15(h) of the JSE Ltd Listing Requirements; and

•

satisfied itself in terms of paragraph 3.84(g)(i) of the JSE Ltd Listings Requirements that the Group Financial Director, as well as

the Group finance function, has the appropriate expertise and experience; and

•

ensured that appropriate financial reporting procedures exist and were consistently applied.

The Committee remains satisfied with the quality and independence of the external audit performed by the independent external

auditors.

The Audit and Risk Committee has complied with its obligations during the financial year and adhered to its legal, regulatory and

statutory responsibilities. These annual financial statements have been approved by the Audit and Risk Committee and the Audit

and Risk Committee is satisfied regarding the efficacy of the internal control environment and confirms its adherence to its Terms

of Reference. The Audit and Risk Committee is satisfied with the independence and objectivity of the external auditor. The Audit

and Risk Committee has satisfied itself that the Executive Financial Director has appropriate expertise and experience to perform

the duties required by the position.

The Oasis Crescent Property Fund is a member of the South African REIT Association and takes cognizance of the Best Practice

Recommendations (Second Edition, March 2019) published for comment. The first edition of these recommendations which

are intended to improve transparency and consistency in the industry. These reccomendations are split in to the following three

sections:

•

Supplemental Performance Measures which according to the publication provides insight in to the rationale for presenting

supplemental performance measures and standardized templates to enhance comparability across REITs. These are non-

IFRS financial measures;

•

Sector specific matters which according to the publication details some of the complex IFRS issues that arise in the property

sector and useful publications which provide guidance on accounting for these transactions; and

•

Disclosures which details certain specified disclosures that must be made in terms of the Best Practice Guide.

These Best Practice Recommendations are currently under review and comments on this is to be provided to the SA REIT Association.

On behalf of the Audit and Risk Committee

Dr. Yousuf Mahomed

Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee

28 April 2020:

