Managing director’s

review

Applying

specialist skills

and experience

in property

management

and development

across our well-

positioned

portfolio to meet

the needs of a

changing market.

Organisational

overview and

operating context

12 Our location

14 Our properties

16 Our operating

environment

Informing our

strategy by

the interrelated

processes of

stakeholder

engagement, risk

management and

material matters

for long-term

sustainable

growth.

What drives our

business

20 Strategy

26 Business model

30 Material matters

32 Risks and opportunities

39 Stakeholder engagement

Creating well-

managed, quality

spaces across

a diversified

property portfolio

concentrated in

strategic nodes

to enable synergies

and enhance the

communities in

which we operate.

Operational review

42 Property portfolio overview

44 Top 10 properties by value

46 Performance overview

52 Property portfolio review

63 Property portfolio information

68 Our impact

Octodec is one of the major owners of property in the Tshwane

and Johannesburg CBDs. We serve a wide range of inner city

tenants and uplift the areas in which we operate.

OUR

VISION

To innovate in the property market and

unlock long-term value in spaces where

people can thrive.

OUR

PURPOSE

To manage our properties cost effectively and provide

our shareholders with sustainable returns – without

compromising on the integrity of our operations or

the sustainability of our property portfolio.:

managing director and

financial director of Octodec are also employed by City Property.

The integrated report does not always distinguish between the

activities of Octodec and the services that City Property provides

to Octodec in terms of the management agreement, as these are

done at the behest of Octodec.

The reporting boundary, which encompasses the relationship

with City Property, is described and illustrated below. Refer to

the reporting boundary diagram on page 3 and further detail is

provided in the appendix on page 162.

1

Copyright and trademarks are owned by the Institute of Directors in South Africa NPC and all of its rights are reserved:

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S

REVIEW

Perseverance in a challenging

environment

The first half of the financial year was business as usual in a tough

environment. It was in this period that Octodec held its own,

despite the challenging conditions brought about by low business

and consumer confidence, poor service delivery, increasing

unemployment and further downgrading of the sovereign credit rating.

The combined impact of these factors resulted in the start of South

Africa’s technical recession. Nevertheless, Octodec’s performance for

the period ended February 2020 was in line with expectations.

The long-term impact of the COVID-19 lockdown on Octodec’s

business, our tenants and all aspects of life is yet to be fully

understood and quantified. The board and management

have therefore taken a cautious approach to expenditure,

while protecting the value of our portfolio. As such, Octodec

temporarily ceased all major new developments and will rebase

feasibility studies for new or redevelopments of properties, while

continuing essential maintenance.

Our response was swift and decisive, with a clear focus on

health, safety and business continuity. The executive team held

regular business continuity meetings where they adapted and

implemented the necessary protocols to avoid, as far as possible,

an outbreak of COVID-19 in any of our buildings, and oversee

the operational adjustment in response to the lockdown. This

included implementing new operating processes and ensuring

continuous service delivery. These measures aided in reducing

the risk of contracting and spreading the virus among our people,

our service providers and our tenants.

There are preconceptions about residing or conducting business in

Tshwane and Johannesburg CBDs, often created by media reports

regarding safety, poor infrastructural support and social unrest in

these areas. In reality, our well-managed and maintained spaces

within our CBD nodes are perceived as relatively convenient and

safe to the emerging middle class and business owners who

choose to live and work in these central locations. Octodec is

committed to improving the inner city nodes where we operate and

engages proactively with the necessary stakeholders.

Bricks and mortar retailers have been under pressure internationally

and in South Africa. The restrictions in physical movement

imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic and lockdowns, and fears of

exposure to the virus in public spaces, drove online shopping to

the forefront, with an increase in the variety of products available

online, and a broadening of e-retailers market reach. This has

resulted in a negative impact on the traditional bricks and mortar

operators in the retail sector, especially those that have invested

in large shopping centres. Octodec’s portfolio has been spared

from the worst impacts of this period, as we do not own any large

shopping centres, have a relatively small exposure to “traditional”

offices and are not overly exposed to any large single tenants other

than Government.

Tenants are understandably under tremendous financial strain,

challenging affordability and resulting in a rise in bad debts and

vacancies. Nevertheless, the demand for quality spaces in areas

that are easily accessible remains steady.

Performance overview: cautious is key

Performance was significantly impacted by the prevailing poor

economic and trading environments, either directly or through

the impact on our tenants. Income remains under pressure,

driven by decreasing consumer affordability and tenant business

failures. Increasing operating costs continue to negatively impact

our bottom line. Property rates and taxes continue to be a

major driver of increasing operating costs, negatively affecting

sustainability – both from landlords’ and tenants’ perspective.

Octodec chose a pragmatic and cautious approach to weather

the multiple unknowns brought about by the pandemic. This

has assisted us to navigate the volatile economy. Attention has

been refocused, from redeveloping new physical spaces to

renewing our existing spaces. An example of this is the upgrade

of The Park in Elarduspark and the second phase of furnished

accommodation at The Fields in Hatfield, after the successful

take-up of the first phase.

We increased our strategic focus on balance sheet optimisation

in the short term so that we are positioned to grow our portfolio

and deliver sustainable value to our shareholders in the long

term. Octodec has cash and committed undrawn debt facilities

of approximately R413.5 million available at 31 August 2020 and

continues to prioritise cash preservation. We continuously re-

evaluate our existing properties to ascertain where we can extract

sustainable value and ensure that the assets remain relevant.

Octodec’s overall portfolio core vacancies increased from 11.4%

to 15.8% year-on-year, accelerating during the lockdown period.

We anticipate further pressure until the end of this calendar year.

These vacancies are attributable to business failures, a rise in

unemployment and concomitant tenant affordability issues. Retail

vacancies are more stable, up from 11.6% to 12.3%.

Residential sector vacancies have increased from 6.7% at

31 August 2019 to 17.0% at 31 August 2020 as a result of concerns

around affordability putting pressure on our residential tenants and

increasing competition in the Johannesburg CBD and Hatfield

in Tshwane. In addition, with educational facilities, Government

and corporates who occupy properties in close proximity to our

properties, complying with COVID-19 regulations and adopting

a work from home policy, it has resulted in our residential tenants

choosing to vacate our properties to return “home’’.

As a consequence of COVID-19 and the rental discounts given of

R103.6 million, our full year revenue declined by 5.2% to R1.9 billion.

This, together with an increase in operating costs and our focus on

sustainability, has led to a 22% decrease in distributable earnings.

Considering the challenging factors that the industry has had to

contend with, I am comfortable with Octodec’s performance.

I regard the renewal of 20 Government leases in the first half

of the year as significant progress in our relationship with the

Department of Public Works. The conclusion of these leases was

long outstanding, and their renewal is indicative of the stability that

was introduced into the Department of Public Works. While the

rentals in terms of the renewals are slightly lower than expected,

we are pleased with the outcome, which remains within the

market related range.:

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REVIEW

Collections improved and stabilised at 99% of total billings at year

end. Given the uncertain outlook, this approach provided greater

certainty around the management of future cash flows and arrears.

Collection of rentals in properties tenanted by Government

were at 100% and continue to perform in terms of their lease

contract obligations.

Collections post-year end show similar trends when compared

to August 2020. Nevertheless, there are no guarantees that the

current collection rate will be maintained due to the continuous

uncertainty of COVID-19. This uncertainty could impact the ability

of our tenants to maintain these payment levels. While there are

no indicators to suggest that these payment levels will not be

maintained by tenants, their ability to pay has been highlighted

as a risk that needs more focus, especially considering the threat

posed by a potential second wave of COVID-19.

The graphs on page 17 illustrate the trend in

collections over the financial year, and rental relief

granted.

Maintenance preserves the value of our properties

We consider it prudent to focus on maintaining our existing

properties, even in times of crisis. We therefore focused on essential

maintenance of all our buildings, most notably the residential

buildings that housed thousands of tenants in the early stages of

the lockdown. The relevant service providers efficiently secured the

necessary permits and delivered their services efficiently, timeously

and safely with minimal disruptions to our tenants.

Retaining tenants through service

excellence and communication

We have ensured that greater focus is placed on communication

and service excellence to further enable operational efficiencies,

where possible, and secure tenant loyalty and retention. This

has been done through applying new technology solutions,

enhancing communication channels and improving all forms of

communication, including via social media platforms. This has

catered for more efficient management of the large volumes of

tenant queries and communications.

Accepting our role as a responsible corporate citizen, Octodec

ensured that targeted campaigns were implemented to inform

and educate our tenants regarding the various safety measures

at their buildings. These included messaging regarding increased

hygiene and sanitising protocols and measures to ensure safe

social distancing, particularly in common areas.

Working from home

The hard lockdown and concerns that this response was aimed at

addressing have reduced, but not yet abated. The work from home

(WFH) movement which took hold and continues to gain traction

globally may yet result in a permanent change in human behaviour

and the necessity of working from a designated office. This,

combined with the oversupply of office space due to excessive

office development in recent years, is likely to negatively impact

this sector in the short to medium term. Fortunately, Octodec

has historically steered clear of developing major offices and any

additional risk brought about by COVID-19 was accordingly limited.

Property portfolio review, page 58

In the longer term, I believe that the WFH movement will lose some

popularity, especially in instances where there is limited connectivity

or where home circumstances are not conducive to working. By

accelerating the roll-out of Wi-Fi that commenced at the beginning

of the year, we will ensure that more residential tenants are able to

benefit from connectivity while at home in our apartments.

The changing retail environment

The COVID-19 lockdown has accelerated a change in consumer

behaviour toward increased online shopping. Despite this,

demand for retail space in the CBD, notably in the prime CBD

areas, has remained strong. This is being closely monitored.

Octodec’s smaller neighbourhood convenience centres fared

very well and were well-placed to service the needs of the

neighbourhoods in their respective catchment areas. We believe

that the geographical restrictions on movement during the course

of the lockdown and nature of the retail offerings in these centres

were such that the retailers were, in the main, well supported.

Disposals

The disposal of non-core assets remains an important part of

Octodec’s strategy. Although a number of sale agreements were

concluded prior to the lockdown, very few of these materialised

– for various reasons, but mostly due to purchasers’ difficulties

in securing funding. Interest further declined in the second half

of the year as buyers were reluctant to become indebted in the

face of so many economic uncertainties. This is disappointing but

understandable in these circumstances. The strategy to sell these

non-core assets remains intact and we are hopeful that, as the

economy recovers, in this low interest rate environment, that this will

encourage further sales.

Financial performance

Rental income

Octodec produced reasonable results in the first half of the

year, where our like-for-like rental income grew by 3%, reflecting

sound operational performance. COVID-19 changed our position

dramatically. However, growth in rental income remained positive

for the full financial year at 0.3%, prior to the rental assistance

given to tenants in the form of discounts. I do not foresee a quick

recovery in rental income growth in the short term.

Lease renewals in the retail sector are being negotiated at

substantial discounts, and new deals are commencing at rentals

that are also substantially lower than those previously achieved.

This will put pressure on Octodec’s performance in the short term,

although I believe that there is potential for growth in retail rentals.

Octodec has always had a short weighted average lease expiry

(WALE) profile especially in the residential and smaller office

sectors. Due to the short WALE, we take comfort that our market

rentals do not require adjustments to market upon lease expiry.

The short WALE profile has and continues to stand Octodec in

good stead with regard to rentals in these subsectors and is not

expected to be further influenced by COVID-19. Our concern is

more focused on tenant affordability and retention and the impact

that this will have on rental income.:

Managing director

9 December 2020:

Managing director’s review,

page 8

Uncertain operating environment

The challenging operating environment culminated in

unprecedented uncertainty in the sector in 2020, and property

valuations are under pressure as a result. Shareholders have

placed increased scrutiny on REITs’ distributable earnings,

liquidity, balance sheets and distribution policy.

South African structural issues

The sovereign credit rating to “junk” status further depressed an

already struggling economy. Combined with a lack of structural

reforms by Government and poor local authority service delivery,

this decreases property companies’ ability and appetite to invest in

major redevelopment projects in the short to medium term.

Rapid urbanisation has expanded South Africa’s real estate industry over the past decades. However,

Government delivery and fiscal strain has negatively impacted our local economy. These have caused

lower consumer disposable income, sector-wide softening in occupancy levels and a number of

rental reversions. Affordability issues for property owners and tenants remain a major concern.

Macroeconomic context

The South African gross domestic product (GDP) grew by only

0.2% in 2019 and is forecast to fall by 8.2% in 2020 as a result of a

weak economic environment, exacerbated by the sovereign credit

rating downgrades and the COVID-19 pandemic. This has resulted

in weak business and consumer confidence and an uncertain

economic outlook.

Impact on local REIT sector

Due to business uncertainty, rental and vacancy levels are

under pressure; commercial tenants are cutting costs to ensure

business continuity; and escalating utility costs are impacting

affordability across the sector.

In response, property companies are rebasing income levels and

repurposing properties for income growth potential. This includes

offering additional incentives to maintain occupancy levels,

rightsizing tenant space and converting redundant office space

for alternative uses.

Chairman’s review, page 6: Managing director’s review, page 8

Managing director’s review, page 8

Disposals of non-core properties

Target: To dispose of non-core properties - R300 million

Certain potential sale agreements were not concluded due to

purchasers experiencing difficulties securing funding during

COVID-19 crisis.

Future focus: Our intention to sell these non-core properties

remains and we are hopeful that the low interest rate environment

will generate further sales as the economy recovers.: Managing director’s review, page 10

Performance overview, page 51

Tenant satisfaction

Target: Net promoter score (NPS)1 >20.

We measure tenant satisfaction through the NPS. This year we

achieved an NPS of 28.48 due to an increased focus on quality

customer service.

Future focus: We will continue to conduct surveys with a view to

enhancing our offering and customer service.

Our tenants, pages 13 and 46

1

In October 2018, we started using the NPS to measure tenant

satisfaction. The NPS is an index ranging from -100 to 100 that

measures the willingness of customers to recommend a company’s

products or services to others. It is used as a proxy for gauging the

customer’s overall satisfaction with a company’s product or service and

the customer’s loyalty to the brand.

Implement non-traditional revenue streams and

innovative technology-based solutions

− 41 furnished apartments launched at The Fields

− Wi-Fi installation: four buildings completed,

seven buildings in progress at 31 August 2020

Target: to continually roll out new offerings in line with changing

market needs.

In FY2020 we expanded our offerings, introducing a new

furnished apartment offering at The Fields and rolling out Wi-Fi in

residential buildings.

Future focus: To complete an additional 56 furnished

apartments at The Fields by January 2021 and rolling out Wi-Fi to

a further 21 buildings for FY2021.

Property portfolio review, pages 52 to 54

*

Not measured

Managing director’s review, page 8

Performance overview, pages 49 to 50

Reduced vacancies for vacancies greater than 3 000m²

Target: To let or dispose of at least one property per year.

Successfully let in excess of 3 000m2 of vacant space at two of

our properties, Cuthchurch and McCarthy Midrand.

Future focus: To continue to pursue our target to let or dispose

of at least one property per year.

Tenant retention – reduce residential tenant churn rate

Residential tenant churn rate

Including Hatfield (%)

0

20

40

60

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

52

45

44

45

49

Residential tenant churn rate

Excluding Hatfield (%)

0

20

40

60

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

47

43

43

45

48

Target: Maximum of 40% churn per annum

In 2020, the churn increased to 47% excluding Hatfield, and 52% including Hatfield due to the COVID-19 impact on residential tenants.

Future focus: We are closely monitoring vacancy trends driven by the consequences of COVID-19 on our tenants and have assisted

tenants where possible. We have adjusted our forward target to a maximum of 50% churn measured on our entire residential portfolio.

Our operating environment, page 16

1 Excludes mothballed properties

*

Not measured:

managing director

− Informal talks and feedback sessions

− Team-building activities and employee events

− Performance reviews and incentives

Concerns and our response

Continued employment and remuneration during the COVID-19 uncertainty: Octodec has retained and remunerated 100% of

its employee complement throughout the COVID-19 crisis:

Managing director

Date of appointment:

2 October 1998

(21 years 9 months*)

Board committee memberships:

Member of the risk committee

Significant other public company directorships:

Premium Properties Ltd

Number of non-significant directorships:

64

Skills and expertise:

Finance, industry experience (property), general leadership,

management and business operations, risk and opportunity

management, strategy development, corporate and social

affairs, environment/sustainability, human resources and

remuneration, consumer marketing, supply chain operations,

stakeholder engagement and investor relations

Experience:

Jeffrey is responsible for the management of the group, with a

strong emphasis on upgrading and development of properties.

He has a wealth of experience in the property industry. He is

the: managing director of City Property.

Executive directors

* Ages and tenures as at 31 August 2020

managing director for Uganda Breweries (Diageo

subsidiary) and chief officer for Vodacom’s consumer

business. He currently serves as chief executive officer of

General Electric South Africa (Pty) Ltd and sits on various

portfolio company boards for Ethos Private Equity.

Maggie Mojapelo (55*)

Qualifications:

BA (Hons) (Education), MAP, Dip HR, MBA

Designation:

Independent non-executive director

Date of appointment:

1 March 2020

(6 months*)

Board committee memberships:

Member of the SERT committee

Significant other public company directorships:

The Rand Mutual Assurance Company Ltd and RMA Life Assurance

Company Ltd

Number of non-significant directorships:

4

Skills and expertise:

Industry experience (property), general leadership, management and

business operations, strategy development, corporate and social

affairs, technology and information governance, human resources

and remuneration, consumer marketing, transport, manufacturing,

financial, technology, beverage, fast moving goods, insurance,

banking and mining industry experience, supply chain operations,

management consulting, internal and external audit and investor

relations

Experience:

Maggie is the founder and an executive director of The HR Touch

(Pty) Ltd, a human resources consulting and business management

company. She is currently the chairperson of Edge Growth Business

Development (Pty) Ltd and chairperson of the remuneration

committee of Rand Mutual Assurance Company Ltd. Maggie has

extensive HR and board experience and is a member of notable

industry organisations.

* Ages and tenures as at 31 August 2020:

managing director

are kept separate and distinct. For the entire period under review,

non-executive director, Sharon Wapnick, was the Chairman of

the board and Jeffrey Wapnick was the: managing director. The

separate roles of the

managing director and financial director of Octodec and the senior finance manager of City

Property

6

External advisers and invitees who regularly attend risk committee meetings: shared City Property/Octodec chief risk officer, shared City Property/

Octodec internal auditor

7

External advisers and invitees who regularly attend SERT committee meetings: independent remuneration consultant, HR executive: City Property,

shared City Property/Octodec chief risk officer,: managing director and financial director of Octodec

As Derek Cohen has served in an independent capacity on the board since 1 October 2009, an assessment of his independence by

the board on recommendation from the nominations committee is performed annually. The 2020 assessment concluded that Derek

exercises objective judgement and that there is no interest, position, association or relationship that is likely to influence unduly or cause

bias in his decision-making and he will continue to serve in an independent capacity.

Elize Greeff, a full-time employee of Octodec, who has more than 20 years experience as a company secretary and corporate lawyer:

− Continues to demonstrate the requisite level of knowledge and experience to carry out her duties; is independent from management

and the company and group to appropriately support the board and execute her role

− Administers the proceedings and affairs of the directorate and the group in accordance with the relevant laws and best practice

− Effectively performs the role of gatekeeper of good corporate governance

As required, having assessed Elize Greeff’s abilities, based on her qualifications, expertise and levels of competence, the board

endorsed and confirmed her appointment as group company secretary and is comfortable that the arrangements in place for accessing

professional corporate governance services are effective.

Board committee memberships and attendance

Dear shareholders,

The SERT committee is tasked by the board to establish and independently oversee the implementation of our total remuneration

philosophy, strategy and policy. This will support the achievement of the group’s strategy and grow stakeholder value on a sustainable

basis.

The board recognises total remuneration as a critical tool to ensure that the business creates value in a sustainable manner to ensure

that remuneration practices and procedures, as administered by City Property through the management agreement, will attract and

retain talented, high-calibre, high-performing and independent-minded employees at a remuneration that is aligned with shareholder

interests.

Voting results at the previous AGM

In terms of the JSE Listings Requirements, shareholders are required to endorse, by way of non-binding advisory votes, the

remuneration policy and implementation report as presented in this report. Voting results on Octodec’s remuneration policy at the 2020,

2019 and 2018 AGMs were as follows:

88.97%

11.03%

0.43%

Remuneration implementation report

– 24 January 2020

Votes against

Votes abstained

Votes for

88.78%

11.22%

0.43%

Remuneration policy – 24 January 2020

Votes against

Votes abstained

Votes for

25 January 2019

Votes for

89.74%

Votes against

10.26%

Votes abstained

0.34%

25 January 2019

Votes for

91.14%

Votes against

8.86%

Votes abstained

0.34%

25 January 2018

Votes for

79.18%

Votes against

20.82%

Votes abstained

0.41%

25 January 2018

Votes for

81.14%

Votes against

18.86%

Votes abstained

0.41%:

managing director and the financial director of Octodec, who

are prescribed officers as defined in terms of the Companies

Act, are employed and remunerated by City Property but receive

directors’ fees from Octodec as set out below.

Octodec sets the key performance measures and targets

for its executive directors annually, which is aligned with the

performance measures and targets as required in terms of the

management agreement with City Property. These measures and

targets were approved by Octodec’s shareholders at a special

general meeting held on 28 June 2018, and are published on

pages 98 and 99.

Malus and clawback provisions are not applicable as the

executive directors are employed and remunerated by City

Property.

Directors’ remuneration in terms of section 66(9) of

the Companies Act

The remuneration of Octodec’s directors for their services

(as directors) is governed in terms of a separate directors’

remuneration policy, which recognises their responsibilities

and skills to provide input on an ongoing basis throughout the

year and not only through their attendance at board and board

committee meetings.

Our approach is based on the key principles that:

− The remuneration of our directors should be consistent with

market-related best practice and sufficient to attract and

retain talent to our board

− The quantum and structure of our directors’ remuneration is

reviewed annually by the SERT committee, in consultation

with its independent remuneration advisor, who make

recommendations to the board on any changes deemed

appropriate

All directors receive an annual retainer for services they render,

paid quarterly in arrears, in four equal instalments. In addition to

the retainer, directors are entitled to a fee for attendance of the

AGM, scheduled board meetings and board committee meetings

on which the director serves or attends by invitation.

Both the annual retainer and meeting fees payable to directors

are subject to the approval of the company’s shareholders at

the AGM.

Refer to the proposed directors’ remuneration on page 154

of the notice of AGM, which remain the same as the

previously approved remuneration for the 12 months ending

31 August 2021.

Electronic link to policy documents

The total remuneration philosophy, strategy and policy and

directors’ remuneration policy are available on our website at

www.octodec.co.za.

Non-binding advisory vote

Shareholders are requested to endorse part 2 of this report by

way of a non-binding advisory vote. Refer to the non-binding

advisory note 1 of the notice of the AGM on page 157. The board

will initiate engagement with the relevant shareholders should

25% (twenty-five percent) or more of the votes cast be recorded

against the remuneration policy and the outcome thereof will be

disclosed in the 2021 integrated report.

Part III:

Implementation of the remuneration

policy for the financial year

Remuneration linked to strategy and performance

The total remuneration philosophy, strategy and policy is

continually assessed to ensure it remains aligned with and

continues to support the strategic objectives of Octodec. Key

performance measures and targets have been agreed to assess

the performance of City Property and the executive directors of

Octodec.

The criteria have been established in accordance with the

provisions of the management agreement. City Property and the

Octodec executive directors are jointly and equally responsible for

the achievement of these measures and targets.:

Managing director

Non-executive director

In terms of section 88(2)(e) of the Companies Act, I confirm that Octodec Investments Limited has lodged all returns in respect of the

year ended 31 August 2020 that are required to be lodged by a public company with the Companies Intellectual Property Commission

of South Africa, and that all such returns are true, correct and up to date.

Elize Greeff

Group company secretary

9 December 2020

Tshwane:

managing director, financial director, Deloitte & Touche (external auditors), chief risk officer (a shared resource)1,

internal auditor (a shared resource)¹ as well as the senior financial manager of City Property attended these meetings by invitation.

Separate meetings were held with the external auditors and shared internal auditor to allow open discussion without the presence of

management. During these meetings, no matters of material concern were raised.

As part of the biennial evaluation of the board committees and members, the performance of the committee and its members were also

assessed. The details of which are included on pages 85 and 86 of the abridged governance report.

Key focus areas for the year ended 31 August 2020

Beyond discharging its required duties as set out in its terms of reference, the committee specifically focused on the following matters:

− Monitored financial soundness and sustainability in the context of COVID-19, the severe economic challenges and market volatility by

regularly reviewing financial results, actual and forecasted cash flows, various financial scenario’s and compliance with debt covenants

− Reviewed the outcome of the external independent assessment of the group’s combined assurance model, which was aligned with

best practice, to entrench the assurance principles within the group. The combined assurance plan and framework was reviewed

and updated to include the re-assessment of the risk appetite and related tolerance levels

− Considered the requirements arising from the mandatory audit firm rotation after 1 April 2023 and initiated a project to appoint a new

audit firm effective for the financial year commencing 1 September 2021.

1 In terms of the Management Agreement, a shared resource is a resource of expertise and skills, such as an employee, which is shared between

Octodec, City Property and other property owners falling under City Property’s management:

managing director)

AK Stein (financial director)

Non-executive directors

S Wapnick (chairman)

DP Cohen (lead independent director)

GH Kemp (independent non-executive director)

NC Mabunda (independent non-executive director)

EMS Mojapelo (independent non-executive director) – appointed 1 March 2020

MZ Pollack (non-executive director)

PJ Strydom (independent non-executive director)

LP van Breda (independent non-executive director) – appointed 1 March 2020

Directors’ remuneration

We refer you to the detailed information on directors’ remuneration set out on pages 147 to 148 in this report.:

managing director. Information

reported to the chief operating decision-maker for the purposes of segment performance is determined by the nature of the occupier

of the property and the market that the occupier serves.

Segment results that are reported to the chief operating decision-maker include items directly attributable to a segment, as well as those

that can be allocated on a reasonable basis.

On a primary basis the operations are organised into five major operating segments:

− Retail

− Residential

− Offices

− Industrial

− Specialised and other, which includes:

○ Educational facilities

○ Healthcare facilities

○ Places of worship

○ Auto dealerships

○ Hotels

○ Parking:

managing director. As detailed in the SERT committee report,

the company continues to regularly engage with shareholders

on its remuneration matters but shall also further engage with

shareholders who so require in the lead-up to the AGM.

In the case that the company receives 25% (twenty-five percent)

or more votes against either the policy or report, individual

shareholder engagements will be specifically arranged.:

letter

of representation/: letter of electronic participation, or they must

provide the CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms

of the relevant custody agreement/mandate entered into between

them and the CSDP or broker.

In the interest of efficiency, shareholders are kindly requested

to submit completed forms of proxy at the office of the meeting

scrutineers of the company, whose details appear below, by

09:30 on Wednesday, 20 January 2021. Any forms of proxy not

lodged by this time must be e-mailed to TMS immediately prior to

the proxy exercising a shareholder’s right virtually at the AGM.

Please note that a proxy may delegate his/her authority to act

on a shareholder’s behalf to another person, subject to the

restrictions set out in the attached form of proxy as stipulated

in section 58(3)(b) of the Companies Act.

Unless revoked before then, a signed proxy form shall remain

valid at any adjournment or postponement of the AGM and the

proxy so appointed shall be entitled to vote, as indicated on the

proxy form, on any resolution (including any resolution which is

amended).

CSDPs, brokers or their nominees, as the case may be, recorded

in the company’s subregister as holders of dematerialised shares

held on behalf of an investor/beneficial owner in terms of Strate,

when authorised in terms of their mandate or instructed to do so

by the owner on behalf of whom they hold dematerialised shares

in the company, may vote by either appointing a duly authorised

representative to virtually attend and vote at the AGM or by

completing the attached form of proxy in accordance with the

instructions thereon and returning it to TMS.

By order of the board

Elize Greeff

Group company secretary

Octodec Investments Limited

101 Du Toit Street

Tshwane

0002

9 December 2020

managing director)2,

AK Stein (financial director)2, LP van Breda4, DP Cohen3,

GH Kemp4, NC Mabunda4, EMS Mojapelo4, MZ Pollack1,

PJ Strydom4

1

Non-executive director

2

Executive director

3

Lead independent director

4

Independent non-executive director

Group company secretary

Elize Greeff

CPA House, 101 Du Toit Street, Tshwane, 0002

Tel: 012 357 1564

E-mail: elizeg@octodec.co.za

Sponsor

Java Capital

Contact person: Tanya de Mendonca

6th Floor, 1 Park Lane, Wierda Valley, Sandton, 2196

PO Box 522606, Saxonwold, 2132

Tel: 011 722 3059

E-mail: sponsor@javacapital.co.za

Auditors

Deloitte & Touche

Contact person: Leon Taljaard

5 Magwa Crescent, Waterfall City, 2090

Tel: 011 806 5000

E-mail: ltaljaard@deloitte.co.za

Transfer secretaries

Computershare Investor Services (Pty) Ltd

Contact person: Leon Naidoo

Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, 2196

Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132

Tel: 011 370 5000

E-mail: leon.naidoo@computershare.co.za

Investor relations

Instinctif Partners

Contact person: Louise Fortuin

The Firs, 302 3rd Floor, Cnr Cradock and Biermann Avenue,

Rosebank, 2196

Tel: 011 447 3030

E-mail: investorrelations@octodec.co.za

Forms of proxy

The Meeting Specialist (Pty) Ltd

Contact persons: Farhana Adam, Izzy van Schoor

JSE Building, One Exchange Square, 2 Gwen Lane,

Sandown, 2196

PO Box 62043 Marshalltown, 2107

Tel: 011 520 7952/0/1

E-mail: proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za

www.octodec.co.za:

