managing director of Leap

Holdings (Proprietary) Limited and serves

as a non-executive director at Pupkewitz

Holdings.

Jenny has worked for various financial

services and investment companies both

in the private and public sectors. She is

currently the executive for financial services

at NamPost and serves on a number of

boards as a non-executive director which

includes chairperson of the Namcor board.

Mr Ben Jooste (41)

CEO and Executive Director

Namibian | MBA | Appointed 2018

Mr Nick Harris (77)

Independent Non-executive Director

South African | FRICS | Appointed 2012

Mr Jens Kuehhirt (70)

Independent Non-executive Director

Namibian | BCom, CA(Nam), CA(SA) |

Appointed 2007

Ben has experience in the financial, legal,

technology and media industries. Previously

the head of Rest of Africa at Hitachi Data

Systems, programme manager at Bank of

America Merrill Lynch and management

consultant, managing projects for Barclays,

ABN Amro, RBS, Abbey National and

Dresdner Kleinwort Benson across Europe,

the Middle East and Africa.

Nick was previously the CEO of South

African listed company, Ambit Properties

Limited. He has more than 40 years’

experience in the real estate industry, was

president of the South African Property

Owners Association, chairman of the South

African Board of the Royal Institution of

Chartered Surveyors and board member of

the Middle East and African World Regional

Board of the Institution.

Jens was previously senior partner at

Deloitte & Touche where he served mainly

large blue-chip, listed clients in the banking

and other financial services sectors and the

mining, fishing, retail and manufacturing

sectors.

Current directorships include Old Mutual Life

Assurance Company (Namibia) Limited and

Old Mutual Short Term Insurance Company

of Namibia Limited.:

managing director of Dr Weder,

Kauta & Hoveka Inc. Legal Practitioners.

Roswitha has extensive experience as a legal

consultant and advisor, land environment

and development project lawyer with over

14 years’ experience.

She is the deputy chief legal advisor to

the Office of the Attorney-General, and a

trustee for GIPF and serves on various of

its committees.

Board member that retired during the year

Mr Francois Uys (73)

Independent Non-executive Director, previous Chairperson

Namibian | BA, BCom (Hons), MCom | Appointed 2002 | Retired 2019

Francois was previously a director and chairperson of FP du Toit Transport (Proprietary) Limited, Intercape Group (Proprietary) Limited, MacDonalds

Transport Group (Proprietary) Limited, Darling Group (Proprietary) Limited, Ambit Properties Limited and was senior executive of the Trencor Group,: managing director of TransNamib Limited and of Metje & Ziegler and chairperson and executive committee member of the NSX.

letter was further put in place for UFH and no

interest will be charged on this loan account until such time that the entity returns to profitability. The other subsidiaries did not show any

indication of impairment.

Oryx does not intend to call on any of the loans during the new financial year.

Company

2020

N$’000

2019

N$’000

(Losses)/profits of subsidiaries attributable to the holding company

(135,089)

292,229

Interest is charged on the net outstanding loan amount and indebtedness at variable rates at an average rate of 8.4% (2019: average of 12%)

which is considered to be market related.

9.

Investment in associate

The Group holds an investment in TPF International Limited (TIL) incorporated in Mauritius. Below are the key items around the

associate. The Group does not hold any other interests as disclosed below.

Proportion of ownership

interest and voting rights

held by the Group

Name of associate

Principal activity

Principal place of business

2020

2019

TIL

Property

Croatia

26%

26%

The above associate is accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements as set out in the Group’s

accounting policies note 3.4. Refer to note 37 for the related party transaction disclosure for the investment in associate.

The percentage voting rights is equal to the percentage of ownership of the associate and there has been no change in the percentage

of ownership during the year.:

