LETTER FROM

THE CHAIRMAN

“ At this stage of its development,

the move towards an internally

managed structure is appropriate

for a UK-REIT of the scale of PHP.”

Steven Owen

Independent Non-executive Chairman:

Managing Director of Lancashire Court Capital Limited, a London-based investment and consulting business. Andrew is a Non-executive Director

and the Audit Committee Chair at United Trust Bank.

** These committees were applicable for the financial year, however post Internalisation of management in 2021 will no longer be applicable.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CONTINUED:

Managing Director and Finance Director is posted twice a

year. Individual shareholders can raise questions directly with

the Company at any time through a facility on the website.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CONTINUED:

Managing Director to stay informed

• Monitors progress against strategy and performance

• Ensures all stakeholders’ views are considered

Senior Independent Director

Ian Krieger

• Provides a sounding board for the Chairman

• Leads performance evaluation of the Chairman

• Is available to respond to shareholders’ concerns when contact through the normal

channels is not appropriate

Non-executive Directors

Peter Cole

Laure Duhot

• Scrutinise and constructively challenge the performance of executive management

• Bring independent judgement to investment decisions brought to the Board by the

Adviser and approve decisions reserved for the Board as a whole

• Contribute to developing strategy and monitor the delivery of the agreed strategy

• Contribute a broad range of skills and experience: Managing Director

Harry Hyman

• Manages the day-to-day running of the business through the Adviser

• Manages dialogue with investors, shareholders and key stakeholders and relays

views back to the Board

• Helps develop and formulate strategy for the Board and is responsible for

its implementation

Finance Director

Richard Howell

• Responsible for the preparation of accounts and integrity of financial reporting

• Implements decisions on financing and capital structure determined by the Board

• Responsible for day-to-day treasury management

• Ensures robust accounting systems and internal controls are implemented

Company Secretary

Paul Wright

• Advises the Board and is responsible to the

Managing Director of the Adviser, for

the day-to-day management of the Group and the Finance

Director was responsible for the preparation of the financial

statements and the provision of quarterly management

account information.

How the Board functions

Regular Board and Committee meetings are scheduled throughout

the year with six scheduled meetings held in 2020 of which

five have been held remotely by video-conference due to

restrictions on physical meetings imposed by the government.

In response to the COVID-19 crisis, a further two informal

meetings were held to understand the impact of the pandemic

on stakeholders, in particular tenants and employees of the

Adviser. Two ad hoc board meetings were required in the year:

the first in July to approve the terms of the £140 million placing

that was completed successfully in that month, and the other to

approve the agreements and other documents in relation to the

internalisation project in December. The negotiations for the

acquisition of Nexus Tradeco Holdings Limited and internalisation

of the management function were led by the Chairman and the

other Non-executive Directors were regularly updated and

provided with copies of the draft transaction documents. An ad

hoc Board meeting, which was not attended by Mr Hyman due

to his interest in the transaction, was held to approve the

transaction in principle and a committee consisting of the

Chairman and Peter Cole authorised to conclude the terms of

the documentation.

Care is taken to ensure that information is circulated in good time

before Board and Committee meetings and that papers are

presented clearly and with the appropriate level of detail to assist

the Board in discharging its duties. The Company Secretary

assists the Board and Committee Chairs in agreeing the

agenda in sufficient time before the meeting to allow input

from key stakeholders and senior executives.

If any investment decisions are required to be made between

Board meetings, the Adviser circulates a detailed paper on the

proposed investment setting out key matters for consideration,

including financial returns, the quality of the building and its

environmental rating, details of the healthcare services to be

delivered from the medical centre (including details of the

patient numbers and the local healthcare need) and other

stakeholder considerations. In this way, the Board monitors

that agreed upon approaches and processes are well

understood and adhered to. Further, senior members of the

Adviser’s management team regularly attend meetings of the

Board and have developed a strong understanding of the

Board’s approach and culture.

Board attendance

Details of the attendance of each of the Directors who served during the year are set out below:

Adviser

Ad hoc

Audit

Nomination

Engagement

Remuneration

Board

Board

Committee

Committee

Committee

Committee

Director

(total in year – 6)

(total in year – 2)

(total in year – 3)

(total in year – 1)

(total in year – 2)

(total in year – 2)

Steven Owen

6

2

—

1

2

2

Harry Hyman

6

2

—

—

—

—

Richard Howell

6

2

—

—

—

—

Helen Mahy1

1

—

1

1

1

2

Peter Cole

6

2

3

1

2

2

Laure Duhot

6

2

1

1

2

2

Dr Stephen Kell1

1

—

3

1

1

2

Ian Krieger

6

2

3

1

2

2

1 Helen Mahy and Dr Stephen Kell resigned as Directors from the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting on 1 April 2020 and did not attend the Board meeting

on that date.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CONTINUED:

Managing Director continue to have a strong, supportive

relationship providing clear and effective leadership and focus

that is instrumental to the long term success of the Company.

Commitment

The letters of appointment for Non-executive Directors set out

the time commitment expected to be necessary to perform

their duties. All Directors are aware of the need to allocate

sufficient time to the Company in order to discharge their

responsibilities effectively. Directors must obtain prior approval

from the Board when they take on any additional responsibilities

or external appointments and it is their responsibility to ensure

that such appointments will not prevent them meeting their time

commitments. Following his retirement as Chief Investment

Officer at Hammerson PLC, the Board approved the appointment

of Peter Cole to the boards of two private companies, as it

considered that he would continue to have sufficient time to

meet his commitments to the Company.

The Company provides the Non-executive Directors with

appropriate support and facilities for the consideration of the

Company’s strategy and performance, and dialogue with the

Chairman is encouraged so that any issues regarding time

pressures or conflicting commitments are addressed appropriately.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CONTINUED:

Managing Director attend meetings by

invitation, as well as Andrew Herd, the Chair of the joint Risk

Committee and other members of the senior management

team at the Adviser who present on specialist topics. We find

this extremely useful as, not only does it allow us to focus on

important and topical issues, but it exposes us to the pool of

talent within the organisation below Board level.

Time is allocated for the Committee to meet the external auditor

and property valuers independently of management. In addition

to formal Committee meetings, I have regular contact and

meetings with the Finance Director. This allows me to gain

a good understanding of key and emerging issues in

advance of Committee meetings, facilitating informed

and constructive debate.

The Committee is satisfied that it receives sufficient, reliable

and timely information and support from management and the

Company’s external auditor to allow it to fulfil its obligations.

Our work in 2020

Throughout the year, the Committee acted in accordance with

its terms of reference, which were last updated in December 2019.

The terms of reference were reviewed again at our December 2020

meeting and considered not to require further updating and

can be found at www.phpgroup.co.uk.

The work undertaken this year has included the consideration,

review and approval of the following:

Financial reporting

• Consideration of the impact of COVID-19, in particular on

the going concern and viability statements.

• The independence of the Group’s valuers, the conduct of

valuation processes at the year end and at the half year and

the potential impact on valuations of the COVID-19 pandemic.

• Interim and full year results announcements and

Annual Report.

• Accounting treatment of significant transactions and areas

of judgement as described below.

• Processes undertaken to ensure that the financial

statements are fair, balanced and understandable.

Risk management and internal control (with a particular focus

on how the usual processes and controls may be impacted by

increased working from home during the pandemic)

• The Group’s risk register, the potential impact of Brexit,

principal and emerging risks including cyber security and the

impact of COVID-19 on general medical practice.

• The adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s

internal controls.

• The appropriateness of the going concern assumption.

• The Viability Statement and longer term forecast.

• The need for an internal audit function.

External audit

• Scope of the external audit plan.

• The independence and objectivity of the external auditor.

• Performance of the external auditor and effectiveness

of the audit process.

• Auditor’s fee.

• Re-appointment of Deloitte LLP as external auditor.

• Non-audit services and ratio of fees.

Regulatory compliance

• Committee’s composition, performance, terms of reference

and constitution.

• Responsible business including climate change.

• Tax strategy and whistleblowing policy and ensuring that

these were communicated to and understood by the

Adviser’s workforce, so that concerns could be raised to

me, or the chair of the Nexus/PHP Risk Committee, or with

the Company Secretary.

In addition, during the year the Committee met to consider the

Company’s response to a: letter from the Financial Reporting

Council, following their audit quality review of Deloitte’s audit

of the 2019 financial statements. The main issue raised by the

FRC was the treatment of the merger with the MedicX Fund

Limited and the early adoption of amendments to IFRS 3

‘Business Combinations’. The use of certain alternative

performance metrics and the reporting of

letter setting out the terms of appointment, the fees to be paid

and the time commitment expected. The letters of appointment

are available for inspection at the registered office and will be

on display at the Annual General Meeting of the Company to

be held on 12 May 2021.

Induction

On appointment the Company arranges a full, formal and

tailored induction on joining the Board to help new Directors

develop an understanding of the business, including its strategy,

portfolio, governance framework, stakeholders, finances, risks

and controls. This programme will usually involve a series of

meetings with other Executive and Non-executive Directors

and senior management team, and include visits to some of

Group’s properties to understand better the nature of the

portfolio. To provide insight into the Group’s strategy, culture

and values, extensive information about the Group, including

access to previous Board papers and minutes, is provided.

Steven Owen

Chairman of the Nomination Committee

MEMBERS OF THE NOMINATION

COMMITTEE (THE “COMMITTEE”)

Member

Number of meetings

and attendance

while in post

Steven Owen (Chairman)

1 (1)

Peter Cole

1 (1)

Laure Duhot

1 (1)

Ian Krieger

1 (1)

Helen Mahy (resigned 1 April 2020)

1 (1)

Dr Stephen Kell (resigned 1 April 2020)

1 (1)

Bracketed numbers indicate the number of meetings the member was

eligible to attend.

Additional attendees invited to attend meetings as appropriate:

Harry Hyman – Chief Executive Officer

Key responsibilities

Board composition and succession

Reviews and evaluates the size, structure and composition

of the Board and its Committees.

Considers the diversity of the appointments and balance

of skills, knowledge and experience of each Director.

Considers succession planning for the Board and the

senior management.

Board appointments

Leads the process for new appointments to the Board

and its Committees.

Ensures that all new directors receive an appropriate induction

programme and reviews the training requirements of the Board.

Ensures that all potential conflicts of interest are declared

on appointment and that all disclosed potential conflicts

of interest are reviewed regularly.

Diversity

Promotes the Company’s policy on diversity at Board level.

Performance evaluation

Leads the annual Board and Committee evaluation exercise.

Re-appointment of Directors

Reviews the time required from Non-executive Directors

and their external commitments.

Considers the annual election and re-election of Directors

to the Board at the Annual General Meeting.:

Managing Director and Richard Howell as

Finance Director. The key terms of the Advisory Agreement

are set out below.

The key roles of the Committee were oversight of the

performance of the Adviser and ensuring the proper operation

of the Advisory Agreement. In addition, the Committee would

ensure that any proposed amendments to the Advisory

Agreement are in the best interests of the Company and

approved and implemented in compliance with Rule 11 of the

Listing Rules.

Responsibilities

The main roles and responsibilities of the Committee include:

• annual review and evaluation of the performance

of the Adviser;

• annual review and approval of remuneration paid

to the Adviser;

• annual review of the terms of the Advisory Agreement;

• consideration and discussion of any amendments to be

made to the Advisory Agreement; and

• advising the Board on such other matters relating to the

Advisory Agreement and the Adviser as may be requested

by the Board.

Attendance at meetings

The table above sets out attendance by Committee members at

meetings held during the year. The Committee has also invited

Harry Hyman and Richard Howell to attend selected meetings.

In addition, during the year, at each meeting, the Committee:

• monitored compliance with the Advisory Agreement and

considered the continued appropriateness of the terms of

the Advisory Agreement; and

• scrutinised a schedule of the fees and expenses paid to the

Adviser to that date to ensure that they had been paid in

accordance with the terms of the Advisory Agreement.

Laure Duhot

Chairman of the Adviser Engagement Committee

MEMBERS OF THE ADVISORY

ENGAGEMENT COMMITTEE

(THE “COMMITTEE”)

Member

Number of meetings

and attendance

while in post

Laure Duhot (Chairman)

2 (2)

Steven Owen

2 (2)

Ian Krieger

2 (2)

Peter Cole

2 (2)

Helen Mahy (resigned 1 April 2020)

1 (1)

Dr Stephen Kell (resigned 1 April 2020)

1 (1)

Bracketed numbers indicate the number of meetings the member was

eligible to attend.

Additional attendees invited to attend meetings as appropriate:

Harry Hyman –: Managing

Managing Director of the

Company (“Property Advisory Services”);

b) to provide administrative and accounting services to the Group; and

c) to act as the appointed Company Secretary (the services in (b) and (c), together the “Administrative Services”).

The Amended Advisory Agreement contains no provisions to amend, alter or terminate the Advisory Agreement upon a change

of control of the Group following a takeover bid.

Advisory fees

(a) Property Advisory Services

The fee arrangement for Property Advisory Services (the “Property Services Fee”), in respect of the properties that formed part of the

MedicX portfolio on completion of the Merger (“Completion”), is equal to 0.225% per annum of the gross asset value of the MedicX

portfolio less a cost contribution paid by Nexus to PHP equal to £2.5 million. This contribution is payable in monthly instalments,

over five years, by reducing the fees payable to Nexus, with the contribution terminating five years after the date of Completion

or, if earlier, the date on which the Company serves notice terminating the Amended Advisory Agreement. Thereafter, the special

arrangements for the MedicX portfolio will cease and the fee payable will be calculated by reference to the fee scale below.

During the period, the Adviser received a fee for the remainder of the portfolio (including any assets acquired after Completion)

based on gross asset value, which was as follows:

Gross assets

Total fee

First £250 million

0.500%

Between £250 million and £500 million

0.475%

Between £500 million and £750 million

0.400%

Between £750 million and £1 billion

0.375%

Between £1 billion and £1.25 billion

0.325%

Between £1.25 billion and £1.5 billion

0.300%

Between £1.5 billion and £1.75 billion

0.275%

Between £1.75 billion and £2.0 billion

0.250%

Between £2.0 billion and £2.25 billion

0.225%

Above £2.25 billion

0.200%

Additional payments that may have been made to Nexus for non-standard real estate related services are capped at 10% of the

total annual Property Services Fee payable to Nexus.

ADVISER ENGAGEMENT COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED:

Managing Director.

During the year to 31 December 2020, Richard Howell was employed by Nexus, the Adviser to the Group. No additional fees were

paid to Nexus in respect of the services of Richard Howell.

Further details of the Advisory Agreement are given in the Adviser Engagement Committee Report on pages 73 to 75 and details

of the amounts paid to the Adviser are in Note 4 to the financial statements on pages 116 and 117.

The dates of appointment, and of the service agreements or appointment letters of each of the Directors proposed for re-election

at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting, are as follows:

Date of

Date of service

agreement or: letter of

Name

appointment

appointment

Harry Hyman1

5 February 1996

5 January 2021

Richard Howell1

1 April 2017

1 April 2017

Steven Owen

1 January 2014

9 December 2013

Peter Cole

1 May 2018

1 May 2018

Laure Duhot

14 March 2019

14 March 2019

Ian Krieger

15 February 2018

15 February 2018

1 During the year to 31 December 2020, Harry Hyman and Richard Howell were employed by Nexus Tradeco Limited, which did not become part of the Group until

5 January 2021 and had letters of appointment in a similar form to those for the Non-executive

Managing Director. Under the terms on Harry

Hyman’s contractual bonus provisions in his PHP service contract which was signed on 5 January 2021, he is entitled to up to 40% of the PIF. The figure of £524,000

represents the amount earned by him in respect of 2020 and represents 40% of the total PIF payable, net of employers national insurance, on approval of the Annual

Report by the Board of Directors. Further details of the PIF are included on page 26. No amount is shown in respect of 2019 as until the internalisation, all amounts

of the PIF were paid to the Adviser and Harry Hyman received no remuneration from the Company.

2 Mr Howell earned the following elements of variable pay in relation to 2020 most of which will be paid in subsequent years, as follows: (i) Annual Bonus (£150,000), the annual

bonus is set by the Committee, is discretionary, and is payable to him on a phased basis conditional normally on remaining employed, as follows: £75,000 payable in cash in

2021; £75,000 payable in cash in 2022; (ii) Retention bonus (£250,000), the retention bonus is set by the Committee, is discretionary and is in relation to the internalisation. It is

payable to him on a phased basis conditional on remaining employed, as follows: £125,000 payable in cash in 2022; and £125,000 payable in cash in 2023. There were no

retention bonus payments in 2019; (iii) PIF (£200,000), this is payable to him in 2021 as follows: £100,000 in cash and £100,000 in shares which must be held for a three year

period. Mr Howell’s award from the PIF is made at the discretion of the Committee. Further details of the PIF are included on page 26.

3 Helen Mahy and Dr Stephen Kell retired from the Board at the 2020 AGM.

4 Following the approval of the accounts, the Committee determined that a PIF payment, as set out in the New Policy on page 81, had been earned and accordingly

the payments to Harry Hyman and Richard Howell set out in the table above were approved.

The Company’s performance

The following graph compares, the total shareholder return

of the Company’s Ordinary Shares relative to a return on a

hypothetical holding over the same period in the FTSE All-Share

Real Estate Investment Trust Index. This Index has been chosen

by the Board as the the Company is a constituent member of

that index. Total shareholder return is the measure of returns

provided by a company to shareholders reflecting share price

movements and assuming reinvestment of dividends.

For the year ended 31 December 2020, the highest and lowest

mid-market prices of the Company’s Ordinary Shares were

165.5 pence and 126.2 pence respectively.

2014

2015

PHP – total return index

2016

2017

2019

2020

2018

0

500

1,000

1,500

2,000

2,500

FTSE UK REIT – total return index

2013

2012

2011

Remuneration adviser

The Remuneration Committee’s appointed adviser is Korn Ferry

who provide advice on Directors’ remuneration and governance.

Korn Ferry has no other connection with the Company and is a

signatory to the voluntary code of conduct of the Remuneration

Consultants Group in relation to executive remuneration consulting.

The Committee is satisfied that its advice is independent and

objective. The fees paid for its services calculated on a time

and materials basis during the calendar year were £25,863.

Relative importance of spend on pay

The following table shows the total remuneration paid to

Directors and total management fees paid compared to the

dividends paid to shareholders:

2020

£

2019

£

Difference

Directors’ fees1

371,250

467,489

-20.6%

Management fee

9,777,830

8,810,750

+11.0%

Dividends

73,250,228

59,464,701

+23.2%

1 As the Company had no employees in the year the total spend on

remuneration comprises just the Directors’ fees.

Note: The items listed in the table are as required by the Large and Medium-sized

Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) (Amendment) Regulations 2013

Section 20 with the exception of the management fee which has been included

because the Directors believe it will help shareholders’ understanding of the relative

importance of the spend on pay. The figures for this measure are as shown in Note 4

to the financial statements.

There is no separate amount to be disclosed with regard to

the Harry Hyman’s remuneration during the year to

31 December 2020 as throughout this period his services were

provided in accordance with the Advisory Agreement.:

Managing Director being a shareholder and Director of Nexus.

Details of the amounts paid in relation to related party transactions are provided in Note 4.

26. Subsequent events

On 5 January 2021 the Group’s management function was internalised by acquiring Nexus Tradeco Holdings Limited which is

the holding company of its longstanding external property adviser Nexus Tradeco Limited and certain subsidiaries, including

Nexus’s primary care development business (together “Nexus”). Primary Health Properties PLC acquired the entire issued ordinary

share capital of Nexus Tradeco Holdings Limited for a total fair value consideration of £35.7 million, including fees of £1.6 million

subject to a completion net assets adjustment, made up of £16.6 million paid in cash and £17.5 million satisfied by the issue of

11,485,080 new ordinary shares of 12.5 pence each in the share capital of PHP at a price on completion of 152.8 pence per share.

STRATEGIC REPORT

GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FURTHER INFORMATION:

