Managing Director and owner in 2005,

a position which he holds to date.

HAYDEN THOMPSON HARTLEY (47)

INDEPENDENT, NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Date of appointment: 17 February 2016

Hayden holds a Bachelor of Commerce Honours degree in Finance and

Economics, with twelve years’ experience in the property, construction and

development sectors. He has also been involved in numerous projects for a

leading South African gold mining company in his capacity as construction

and project manager, and is currently involved in additional projects from a

developmental perspective.

RENE STYBER (49)

INDEPENDENT, NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Date of appointment: 1 July 2018

René is a sales professional with 28 years of management experience across

a variety of ﬁelds including, inter alia, product management, residential and

commercial property sales and company management. René has successfully

managed her own commercial property business since its inception in 2010 and

most recently, is a director of Rosh Pinah Properties Proprietary Limited, where

she manages a team of brokers as well as day-to-day operations.

DANIELE TORRICELLI (56)

CHAIR, INDEPENDENT, NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Date of appointment: 3 December 2015

Daniele holds a Bachelor of Science (Mechanical Engineering) as well as an

MBA from Wits Business School and is a member of the Exco team of one of

the largest clay brick manufacturers in Africa. He brings extensive strategic and

tactical skills to the Board as well as broad general business experience.

45

PUTPROP INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020:

director's report states that the Group’s internal controls

and systems are designed to provide reasonable, but not

absolute, assurance as to the integrity and reliability of

the ﬁnancial statements, to safeguard, verify and maintain

accountability for its assets and to detect and minimise

fraud, potential liability, loss and material misstatement,

while complying with applicable laws and regulations.

The Board regularly receives reports from specialist

ﬁnancial and property advisors setting out key ﬁnancial

performance indicators. Monitoring of these key indicators

allows the Board to consider relevant control issues.

The directors have satisﬁed themselves that the systems

and procedures of internal controls are implemented,

maintained

and

monitored

for

the

year

ended

30 June 2020. No indications exist that these systems

of internal control were not appropriate. Furthermore, no

material loss, exposure or misstatement arising from a

material breakdown in the functioning of the systems has

been reported to the directors in respect of the year under

review.

Risk management

The Group has a formal policy document setting out its

approach to and control of risk management.

The Board, through its executives and the AR, together with

the systems of internal control, identiﬁes and manages

signiﬁcant Group risks on an on-going basis. This enables

it to discharge its responsibilities for ensuring that the wide

range of risks associated with its operations are effectively

managed in support of the creation and preservation of all

stakeholders’ value. Putprop, through the AR, monitors the

Group’s risk management policy.

.

57

PUTPROP INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020:

letter of engagement for such work must be created and subsequently reviewed by the Committee. Non-audit

services performed by the external auditor during the year under review were approved and monitored by the AR

Committee.

• In addition, and following the committee’s review of the Independent Regulatory Board of Auditors’ latest ﬁndings

report and the latest inspection reports and summary of internal review ﬁndings in terms of paragraph 22.15 (h) of the

Listings Requirements provided by the auditors, the committee satisﬁed itself that both Mazars and Stephan Adlam

are accredited in terms of the Listings Requirements and are independent from the Company.

• Meetings were held with the auditor where management were not present, and no matters of concern were raised.

Based on our processes followed nothing has come to the Committee’s attention which would lead the Committee

to question the external auditor’s independence. Based on our satisfaction with the results of the activities outlined

above, the Committee has recommended to the Board that Mazars be reappointed as the external auditors for the 2020

ﬁnancial year, and Stephan Adlam as the designated auditor, subject to JSE approval.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND ACCOUNTING PRACTICES

The annual ﬁnancial statements of the Group and Company have been reviewed for the year ended 30 June 2020. Based

on information provided by management the AR is of the view that in all material aspects both the accounting policies

and the annual ﬁnancial statements are appropriate and comply with the provisions of the Companies Act, Act 71 of

2008, as amended, International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), interpretations as issued by the International

Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee, Financial Reporting Pronouncements as issued by the Financial Reporting

Standards Committee, and the JSE Listings Requirements.

Where it was considered appropriate, the AR, made submissions to the Board on matters concerning the Group’s and

Company’s accounting policies, ﬁnancial control records and reporting.

The AR considered, reviewed and approved for submission to the Board the Group’s and Company’s property valuations

both internal, by the directors of the Group in December 2019 and June 2020, and those by an independent external

valuer, as at 30 June 2020; as well as the full year integrated report to 30 June 2020 and the interim results to December

2019 and recommended for approval, all of the reports as listed above to the Board.

The AR has further considered the JSE’s most recent report back on proactive monitoring of ﬁnancial statements, and

where necessary to respond to the ﬁndings highlighted in the JSE report when preparing the annual ﬁnancial statements

for the year ended 30 June 2020.

The AR conﬁrms that it received no complaints relating to the accounting policies, reporting practices, internal ﬁnancial

controls or the content and auditing of its ﬁnancial statements during the year under review.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

At its meeting held on 19 August 2020 the AR considered and recommended the June 2020 integrated annual report and

annual ﬁnancial statements for approval to the Board. The Board has subsequently approved the integrated annual report

and the annual ﬁnancial statements, which will be open for discussion at the forthcoming AGM.

99

PUTPROP INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020:

letter of representation to enable them to attend the Annual General

Meeting, or, alternatively, should the dematerialised shareholder not wish to attend the Annual General Meeting, they

should provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions. Forms of proxy should be lodged with the Company’s

transfer secretaries, Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited, located at Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann

Avenue, Rosebank, 2196, South Africa, or posted to the Company’s transfer secretaries at PO Box 61051, Marshalltown,

2107, South Africa, to be received by them by no later than 11:00 on Monday, 2 November 2020 (or 48 (forty-eight)

hours before any adjournments of the Annual General Meeting which date, if necessary, will be notified on SENS)

provided that any form of proxy not delivered to the transfer secretary by this time may be handed to the chairperson

of the Annual General Meeting prior to the commencement of the Annual General Meeting, at any time before the

appointed proxy exercises any shareholder rights at the Annual General Meeting.

Annual General Meeting participants may be required to provide identification to the reasonable satisfaction of the

chairperson of the Annual General Meeting. An official identification document issued by the South African Department

of Home Affairs, a driver’s license or a valid passport will be accepted as sufficient identification.

Shareholders who have any doubt as to the action they must take should consult their accountant, attorney, banker or

other professional advisor immediately. On a poll, ordinary shareholders will have one vote in respect of each share held.

Electronic participation

In terms of section 61(10) of the Companies Act, every shareholders’ meeting of a public company must be reasonably

accessible within South Africa for electronic participation by shareholders. Therefore, shareholders or their proxies

may participate in a meeting by way of a teleconference call if they wish to do so. In this event:

• written notice to participate via electronic communication must be sent to the Group’s company secretary, Acorim

Proprietary Limited, at putprop@acorim.co.za, to be received by no later than 11:00 on Monday, 2 November 2020;

• a pin number and dial-in details for the conference call will be provided;

Putprop Limited

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa

(Registration number 1998/001085/06)

Share code: PPR ISIN: ZAE000072310

(“Putprop” or ”the Company” or “the Group”)

SHAREHOLDERS INFORMATION

144:

letter to

shareholders accompanying this Notice contains details of where copies of the integrated annual report and annual

financial statements are available.

Report from the Social and Ethics Committee

In accordance with Regulation 43(5)(c) of the Companies Act, the chairperson of the Social and Ethics Committee or, in

her absence, any member of the committee, will present the committee’s report to shareholders at the Annual General

Meeting.

Ordinary resolutions

To consider and, if deemed fit, to pass with or without modification all the ordinary resolutions relating to business set

out below. More than 50% (fifty percent) of the voting rights exercised on each individual resolution must be exercised in

favour of those resolutions.

1.

Ordinary Resolution number 1: Re-election of Director

R. Styber retires in accordance with article 25.7 of Putprop’s memorandum of incorporation (“MOI”), but being

eligible to do so, offers herself for re-election.

“Resolved, as an ordinary resolution, that R Styber be and is hereby re-elected as an independent non-executive

director of Putprop.”

Rationale: Putprop’s MOI and, to the extent applicable, the Companies Act requires that one-third of Putprop’s non-

executive directors rotate at the Annual General Meeting and can be eligible for re-election.

R. Styber’s abbreviated curriculum vitae appears on page 45 of the Integrated Annual Report to which this Notice

is attached.

2.

Ordinary Resolution number 2: Re-election of Director

G. Van Heerden retires in accordance with article 25.7 of Putprop’ s memorandum of incorporation (“MOI”), but

being eligible to do so, offers himself for re-election.

“Resolved, as an ordinary resolution, that G. Van Heerden be and is hereby re-elected as an independent non-

executive director of Putprop.”

Rationale: Putprop’ s MOI and, to the extent applicable, the Companies Act requires that one-third of Putprop’ s

non-executive directors rotate at the Annual General Meeting and can be eligible for re-election.

G. Van Heerden’s abbreviated curriculum vitae appears on page 45 of the Integrated Annual Report to which this

notice is attached.

145

PUTPROP INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020:

Letter

of Representation to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy and vote. If they do not wish to attend the

Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy, they must provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in

terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker. These ordinary shareholders

must not use this form of proxy.

Name of beneficial shareholder

Name of registered shareholder

Address

Telephone work ( )

Telephone home ( )

Cell:

being the holder/custodian of ordinary shares in the Company, hereby appoint (see note):

1. or failing him/her

2. or failing him/her

3. the Chairperson of the meeting

as my/our proxy to attend and act for me/us on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting of the company convened

for purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without modification, the special and ordinary resolutions

to be proposed thereat (“resolutions”) and at each postponement or adjournment thereof and to vote for and/or against

such resolutions, and/or abstain from voting, in respect of the ordinary shares in the issued share capital of the Company

registered in my/our name/s in accordance with the following instructions:

Form of proxy

Putprop Limited

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa

(Registration number 1998/001085/06)

Share code: PPR ISIN: ZAE000072310

(“Putprop” or ””the Company” or “the Group”)

151

PUTPROP INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020:

Letter of Representation to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy. If they do not wish to attend

in person or by proxy, they must provide the CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant

custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker. Should the CSDP or broker not have provided

the Company with the details of the beneficial shareholding at the specific request by the Company, such shares

may be disallowed to vote at the Annual General Meeting.

4.

A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting may insert the name of a proxy or the

names of two alternate proxies (none of whom need be a shareholder of the company) of the shareholder’s choice

in the space provided, with or without deleting “the Chairperson of the meeting”. The person whose name stands

first on this form of proxy and who is present at the Annual General Meeting will be entitled to act as proxy to the

exclusion of those proxy(ies) whose names follow. Should this space be left blank, the proxy will be exercised by the

Chairperson of the meeting.

5.

A shareholder is entitled to one vote on a show of hands and, on a poll, one vote in respect of each ordinary share

held. A shareholder’s instructions to the proxy must be indicated by the insertion of the relevant number of votes

exercisable by that shareholder in the appropriate space provided. If an “X” has been inserted in one of the blocks

to a particular resolution, it will indicate the voting of all the shares held by the shareholder concerned. Failure

to comply with this will be deemed to authorise the proxy to vote or to abstain from voting at the Annual General

Meeting as he/she deems fit in respect of all the shareholder’s votes exercisable thereat. A shareholder or the proxy

is not obliged to use all the votes exercisable by the shareholders or by the proxy, but the total of the votes cast and

in respect of which abstention is recorded may not exceed the total of the votes exercisable by the shareholder or

the proxy.

6.

A vote given in terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid in relation to the Annual General Meeting notwithstanding

the death, insanity or other legal disability of the person granting it, or the revocation of the proxy, or the transfer of

the ordinary shares in respect of which the proxy is given, unless notice as to any of the aforementioned matters

shall have been received by the transfer secretaries not less than 48 (forty eight) hours before the commencement

of the Annual General Meeting, or 48 (forty eight) hours before any adjournment thereof.

153

PUTPROP INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020:

