letter to the Committee in which they state, inter alia, “that the system of internal control in Broll is designed to provide

reasonable assurance that significant risks are appropriately managed and that the property management and financial

information for the Group emanating from Broll on-line and other systems are adequate and effective.” Broll has confirmed that

there were no significant breaches or breakdowns in procedure and systems in 2020. Furthermore, the Group has embarked on a

journey with Broll to facilitate an ISAE3402 process and procedural compliance.

The Group has outsourced its internal audit to BDO who conduct the internal audit on a three-year rotational plan. During the

current year, the Audit Committee approved the audit plan for the next three-year cycle. For the year under review, BDO has

reviewed the internal controls over the property management processes undertaken by Broll and Afhco, and concluded that the

controls were adequate and effective.

The Audit Committee also confirmed that nothing has come to its attention to indicate a material breakdown in the functioning of

the financial reporting controls, procedures or systems during the year ended 31 December 2020. The Group has a plan for the further

development of its combined assurance model, which includes the introduction of annual external assurance of internal financial

controls in the 2021 financial year.

Refer to the Audit Committee’s report on page 9 of the AFS for further particulars regarding internal controls.

BUSINESS CONTINUITY PLAN

The Group engaged an external service provider to develop and assist with the implementation of a fit-for-purpose BCP for the

Group. The design phase of the BCP was concluded during 2020. Thereafter the implementation phase, which comprised walk-

through testing, validation training and awareness, commenced and the plan was presented to, and approved, by the Risk and

Compliance Committee in April 2021. Periodic simulation exercises will be undertaken to ensure ongoing refinement and

enhancement of the BCP.

COMBINED ASSURANCE

The Audit Committee has the overall responsibility to ensure the Group’s combined

assurance model is effective. It is based on three levels of defence and assurance for all

key risks identified as indicated in the adjacent diagram.

The Audit Committee noted that, in making their declaration as to the adequacy and

effectiveness of internal financial controls required in terms of JSE Listings Requirement

3.84(k,) the CEO and CFO have advised that, given the recent introduction of the

aforementioned listings requirement and the current maturity of the Group’s combined

assurance model (CAM), they were not able to rely on the assurance of an external

process and undertook a control self-assessment whereby internal assurance providers

for each area of financial control were identified and required to attest to the internal

financial controls being adequate and effective throughout the financial year.

To this end, the CEO and CFO have identified areas where improvements to internal

financial controls were necessary and the remedial actions that were being taken in this

regard. The Group has a plan for the development of its CAM which includes the

introduction of annual external assurance of internal financial controls in the 2021

financial year.

Audit Committee

Management

based assurance

Oversight from the Board

and Committees

Independent assurance by

third parties

Three Lines of Defence in

effective ERM and Control:

