Managing director of Moorgarth Group

Mr FH Esterhuyse

BAcc Hons, MCom(Tax), CA(SA) 27 May 2014

50

Executive

2

Mettle Investments Ltd

Mr DA Harrop

BA Hons, ACA

27 May 2014

50

Executive

2

Financial director of Moorgarth Group

# The independence of directors is assessed on an annual basis and the board is confident that the independence of Mr Troskie has not been impaired by his length of service.

The board is satisfied that it has effectively discharged its statutory duties and oversight role and wishes to report that:

–

it has and continues to maintain an approvals framework that allows it appropriate insight into and influence over significant business transactions within the group;

–

the current compliance strategy followed is appropriate for the structure of the group and the board is not aware of any instances of non-compliance to

applicable laws and regulations; and

–

the IT infrastructure and strategy is appropriate for the structure of the group.

It is the board’s view that its performance and that of its members are directly correlated to the success of the group. The performance evaluation of the board, its

committees and all directors are reflected upon during the annual review of the group’s performance.

The board is satisfied that the company secretary has the correct qualifications and experience, and is competent for this role. The board can also confirm the

relationship between the company secretary and the board is at arms-length.

The board confirms that the company is in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act of South Africa and has operated in conformity with its Memorandum

of Incorporation for the year ended 29 February 2020.

The board considers the material risks specific to the group to be the significant matters set out in the Audit committee report, as well as the potential impact of the

COVID-19 pandemic, disclosed in note 37 to the annual financial statements.

1.3.

considered and reviewed the investment property valuation process

and frequency and the business combination financial reporting;

1.4.

reviewed the external auditor audit plan and reports on the

consolidated annual financial statements;

1.5.

held meetings with external audit partner and manager without

management present;

1.6.

reviewed the system of internal controls and risk management,

which include reviews of the risk management and internal control

reports presented to it and discussions with executive

management, to ensure that the group is identifying, considering

and mitigating, as far as possible, all significant risks for the group;

1.7.

reviewed the King IV Report on Corporate Governance and

considered its recommendations and applicability to the group;

Audit committee report

The audit committee has submitted the following, as required by section 94 of the Companies Act, Act 71 of 2008, as amended.

1.

Functions of the audit committee

The audit committee has adopted a formal terms of reference, delegated to it by the board. The audit committee wishes to report that it has:

1.1.

monitored the integrity of the financial statements and formal

announcements relating to financial performance and considered

significant financial reporting issues, judgements and estimates.

This included reviews of the interim and preliminary results and the

year-end annual financial statements, as well as the content of the

integrated report and also an assessment of the quality,

consistency and integrity of the group’s financial reporting,

including assessing whether the annual Integrated Report is fair,

balanced and understandable, culminating in a recommendation to

the board of directors to adopt it;

1.2.

held regular meetings with executive management to understand

key issues;:

letter of representation) from the CSDP or broker to

attend the AGM, or provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions,

should they not be able to attend the AGM via teleconference. This must be done

in terms of the custody agreement entered into between the Shareholder and

the CSDP or broker concerned.

By order of the board

Pieter Johan Janse van Rensburg

Secretary

22 May 2020

Parow Industria

7493:

