Managing Director since

incorporation. Under his leadership Visual International listed on the AltX of the JSE.

Mr Robertson was involved in the establishment/operation of Syfin, a 50/50 joint venture between

Syfrets (Nedbank) and Fintrust (co-managed/co-owned by him). Syfin undertook the

development of N1 City (retail/commercial precinct of ±220 000 m²), Western Province Park (light

industrial node developed on ±25 hectares), Boschenmeer Golf Estate (27-hole golf course with

villas in Paarl) and Academia (student village in Stellenbosch). He also partnered in the

development of Myburgh Park in Langebaan, an estate for ±1 000 high net-worth families. Mr

Robertson, through Fintrust, invested in a few high-tech companies. Veratron Inc, a voice

recognition company established in the USA, was co-founded by him and he served as Chairman

of the Board. Other investments were two UK-based companies, Bistar Investments Ltd (focussing

on low range radio signalling), and Id Corp Holdings Ltd (focussing on product identification

technologies). He is a director of and has an indirect interest in Vict Systems (Pty) Ltd, a cloud

computing and IT-related business.

Mr Robertson was a board member of Goeie Hoop Behuisingsmaatskappy, the organisation

which owns the Dutch Reformed Church’s institutions/homes for the aged. He was involved in the

establishment of and serves on the Board of the Foundation for Church-led Restitution and he co-

founded and is a steering committee member of the South African Christian Leaders Initiative

(SACLI). He lectured in Business Science at the University of the Western Cape for five years and

has written three books.:

letter issued by the JSE. It is noted

that the audit partner will need to rotate after the year ending 28 February 2021.

Non-audit services policy

The Audit Committee has an established non-audit services policy as well as an approval process

for non-audit services, where utilised. During the period under review and subsequent to year end,

BDO South Africa Incorporated did not perform any non- audit services.

Internal financial controls and internal auditor

The Committee is of the opinion that, whilst very basic, Visual’s system of internal financial controls

and financial reporting procedures are functioning effectively and form a basis for the

preparation of reliable financial statements. The appointment of a new financial manager during

the previous year, vastly improved such internal controls and processes. He has since stepped

down but the improvement has persisted and subsequent to year end, the services of an

outsourced IFRS advisor were engaged.:

Letter of

Representation from your Central Securities Depository Participant (“CSDP”) or broker

or nominee (as the case may be); or

➢

if you do not wish to attend the AGM but would like your vote to be recorded at the

meeting, you should contact your CSDP or broker or nominee (as the case may be)

and furnish them with your voting instructions; and

➢ you must not complete the attached proxy form.

Electronic Participation at the AGM

In accordance with the provisions of section 61(10) of the Companies Act, No. 71 of 2008

(“the Companies Act”), the Company intends to make provision for shareholders and their

proxies to participate in the AGM by way of telephone conference call. Shareholders

wishing to do so:

➢ must contact the Company Secretary at +27 11 480 8500 by not later than 10:00 on

Tuesday, 25 May 2021, to obtain a personal identification number (PIN) and dial-in

details for the conference call;

➢ will be required to provide reasonably satisfactory identification;

➢ will be billed separately by their own telephone service providers for the telephone call

to participate in the AGM; and

➢ must submit their voting proxies to the Transfer Secretary at 13th Floor, 19 Ameshoff

Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001 (PO Box 4844, Johannesburg, 2000) (Tel:

(011) 713 0800) by no later than 10:00 on Tuesday, 25 May 2021. No changes to voting

instructions after this time and date can be accepted, unless the Chairman of the

meeting is satisfied as to the identification of the electronic participant.

Purpose of the AGM

The purpose of the AGM is to present to the shareholders of the Company:

➢ the Group audited financial statements for the year ended 29 February 2020;

➢ the directors’ report;

➢ the report of the Audit and Risk Committee;

➢ the report of the Social and Ethics Committee; and

➢ to deal with any other business that may lawfully be dealt with at the AGM, and to

consider and, if deemed fit, to pass, with or without modification, the resolutions set

out below:

ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS:

1.

ORDINARY RESOLUTION NUMBER 1 – PRESENTATION AND ACCEPTANCE OF ANNUAL

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

“RESOLVED THAT the consolidated annual financial statements for the year ended

29 February 2020, including the directors’ report, the independent auditors’ report, the

Audit and Risk Committee report, and the Social and Ethics Committee report thereon, be

and are hereby received and accepted.”

Explanatory Note:

Ordinary resolution number 1 is proposed to receive and accept the Group audited

annual financial statements for the year ended 29 February 2020, including the directors’

report, the independent auditors’ report, the Audit and Risk Committee report and the

Social and Ethics Committee report thereon.:

letter of representation in terms of the custody agreement entered into

between the beneficial owner and the CSDP or broker.

2.

This proxy form will not be effective at the meeting unless received by the

transfer secretaries of the Company, JSE Investor Services Proprietary Limited,

formerly known as Link Market Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, 13th

Floor, 19 Ameshoff Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001 (PO Box 4844,

Johannesburg, 2000), so as to be received by them no later than 10:00 on

Tuesday, 25 May 2021.

3.

This proxy shall apply to all the ordinary shares registered in the name of

shareholders on the Voting Record Date unless a lesser number of shares are

inserted.

4.

A shareholder may appoint one person as his proxy by inserting the name of such

proxy in the space provided. Any such proxy need not be a shareholder of the

Company. If the name of the proxy is not inserted, the Chairman of the meeting

will be appointed as proxy. If more than one name is inserted, then the person

whose name appears first on the form of proxy and who is present at the meeting

will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of any persons whose names follow.

The proxy appointed in this proxy form may delegate the authority given to him in

this proxy by delivering to the Company, in the manner required by these

instructions, a further proxy form which has been completed in a manner consistent

with the authority given to the proxy of this proxy form.

5.

Unless revoked, the appointment of proxy in terms of this proxy form remains valid

until the end of the meeting even if the meeting or a part thereof is postponed or

adjourned.

6. If

6.1 a shareholder does not indicate on this instrument that the proxy is to vote in

favour of or against or to abstain from voting on any resolution; or

6.2 the shareholder gives contrary instructions in relation to any matter; or

6.3 any additional resolution/s which are properly put before the meeting; or

6.4 any resolution listed in the proxy form is modified or amended, the proxy shall

be entitled to vote or abstain from voting, as he thinks fit, in relation to that

resolution or matter. If, however, the shareholder has provided further written

instructions which accompany this form and which indicate how the proxy

should vote or abstain from voting in any of the circumstances referred to in

6.1 to 6.4, then the proxy shall comply with those instructions.

7. If this proxy is signed by a person (signatory) on behalf of the shareholder, whether

in terms of a power of attorney or otherwise, then this proxy form will not be

effective unless:

7.1 it is accompanied by a certified copy of the authority given by the

shareholder to the signatory; or:

