LETTER

4

04

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

8

05

AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE REPORT

27

06

STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES

30

07

STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

31

08

SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATION

32

09

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

33

10

STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

41

11

STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

42

12

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

43

13

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

44

14

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

45

15

GROUP STRUCTURE

73

16

NOTICE OF AGM

74

FORM OF PROXY

Attached:

LETTER

ALSI

JSE All Share Index

Astoria, the Company

Astoria Investments Ltd

Astoria Treasury

Astoria Treasury and Management (Pty) Ltd

¢

USD cent

FPC

Family Pet Centre

Goldrush

Goldrush Group (Pty) Ltd

Inyathi

Inyathi Supplies

ISA

ISA Carstens Holdings (SA) Pty Ltd

IMDH

International Mining and Dredging Holdings Ltd

JSE

Johannesburg Stock Exchange

Leatt

Leatt Corporation

NAV

Net Asset Value

OIH

Outdoor Investment Holdings (Pty) Ltd

RAC

RECM and Calibre Ltd

RACP

RAC Participating Preference Shares

RECM Global

RECM Global Ltd, previously called RAC Advisory Mauritius

SEM

Stock Exchange of Mauritius

S&O

Safari and Outdoor (Pty) Ltd

Trans Hex

Trans Hex Group (Pty) Ltd

USD, dollar, $

US Dollar

VCG

Vehicle Care Group

ZAR, rand, R

South African Rand

COMPANY PROFILE

02:

LETTER

03:

letter

continued:

letter

continued:

letter, we highlighted the dilemma and opportunity which stem from investment holding companies trading at large discounts

to their intrinsic value. For 2022 the increase in Astoria’s share price pipped the growth in Astoria’s NAV by a few points, reducing our

discount slightly, but for now, it remains at high levels. The prevailing discount still prohibits us from using Astoria shares as currency for

any transactions. The discount also conveys the market’s message: “We can generate better returns on Astoria’s capital base than the

current management of Astoria.”

We disagree.

Astoria’s capital base is fully invested (or better yet – tied up in ‘stock & debtors’) in a group of businesses with proven, competent

management teams, that have opportunities to grow into their respective markets. All of these underlying businesses have been able to

re-invest the past year’s profits in their own respective operations at rates of return that match or exceed historic returns. This takes the

form of more stock for S&O, Formalito and Inyathi, increased mining activity at Somiluana, maintaining and improving efficiency of the

ships of Trans Hex Marine, more gaming positions for Goldrush, more teachers, courses and students at ISA and the deployment of more

third party capital at VCG.

And we value these businesses conservatively, i.e. using high discount rates. As our colleagues execute on their business plans, Astoria

shareholders receive a combination of business growth and the unwinding of those high discount rates. This results in strong base growth

in NAV per share, requiring minimal intervention from Astoria management. Of course we can add further value by activities such as

buying back shares at favourable prices, diligent tax planning and even adding new investments or helping our portfolio companies to

acquire additional businesses on similar terms. This can enhance an already positive outcome.

We could not be happier.

Shareholder’s: letter

continued

letter and the response of management to its findings and

recommendations;

• Develop and implement policy on the engagement of the external auditor to supply non-audit services, and approve the terms on which

the auditor may be engaged to supply such services;

• Review audit planning process to ensure that the policies in place to combat financial crime, money-laundering activities, fraud and

bribery are tested through the audit process;

• Review the internal procedures by which employees, advisors and contractors may raise concerns about possible improprieties in

matters of financial reporting and other matters (“whistleblowing”), to ensure that arrangements are in place for the investigation of

such matters and appropriate follow-up action;

• Advise the Board on the Company’s overall risk profile, tolerance and strategy, taking account of the current and prospective

macroeconomic and financial environment and drawing on financial stability assessments such as those published by relevant industry

and regulatory authorities;

• Oversee and advise the Board on the current risk exposures of the Company and future risk strategy and prepare a risk matrix for the

Company;

• Consider and approve the remit of the risk management function and ensuring that it has: (i) adequate resources and appropriate

access to information to enable it to perform its function effectively and in accordance with the relevant professional standards; and (ii)

adequate independence and is free from management and other restrictions;

• Review promptly all risk management reports on the Company and review and monitor management’s responsiveness to findings and

recommendations contained in such reports (whether formal or informal);

• Ensure that the risk management function is provided with unfettered direct access to the Committee and the Chairman of the Board;

• Report formally to the Board on its proceedings and make recommendations to the Board on any area within its remit;

• Produce an annual formal report on the Company’s risk management objectives, policy and management framework for inclusion in

the Company’s annual report, including in relation to financial instruments;

• At least annually, review its constitution and terms of reference to ensure it is operating at maximum effectiveness and recommend

any changes it considers necessary to the board for approval.

Whilst there is currently no internal audit function in place due to the size of the Company, the Committee will continue to review the

necessity for an internal audit function on an annual basis.

In terms of paragraph 3.84 (g)(i),(ii) and (iii) of the JSE Listings Requirements, the Audit and Risk Committee is satisfied with the expertise

and experience of the Chief Financial Officer and that appropriate financial reporting procedures are in place and operating. The Audit and

Risk Committee confirms that they have assessed the suitability of both the external audit firm and individual partners and are satisfied

with their suitability for appointment, as well as their independence, specifically considering any information pursuant to paragraph

22.15 (h) of the JSE Listings Requirements.

Both Committees’ minutes are made available to the Board for review.

Corporate governance report

for the year ended 31 December 2022

continued:

Letter CL280218)

Name of Entity: Astoria Investments Ltd

Reporting Period: Year ended 31 December 2022

We, the directors of Astoria Investments Ltd, confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, the Company has not fully complied with the

principles of The National Code of Corporate Governance for Mauritius and the King IV on Corporate Governance for South Africa for the

reasons stated below:

PRINCIPLE 15: The Board ensures that assurance services and functions enable an effective control environment, and that

these support the integrity of information for internal decision-making and of Astoria’s external reports Areas of Non-Application

of the Code:

Organisations should consider having an effective and independent internal audit function that has the respect, confidence and cooperation

of both the Board and the management.

Explanation for Non-Application:

The Company has not established an internal audit function due to the Board having decided that the cost of this is not justified bearing in

mind the Company’s size and the relative simplicity of its business model. The Board will consider the need for an internal audit function

on an annual basis, taking into account advice from the Audit and Risk Committee and the Company’s external auditors.

Catherine McIlraith

Director

20 March 2023

Corporate governance report

for the year ended 31 December 2022

continued:

letter, terms, audit plan and budgeted audit fees for the

financial year ended 31 December 2022. The Committee considered the fee to be fair and appropriate. No amounts have been paid to the

appointed external auditor for non-audit services during the financial year.

PURPOSE

From an oversight perspective, the Committee is primarily responsible for:

• Assessing the independence of and recommending the appointment of the external auditors;

• Evaluating the performance of the external auditors;

• Reviewing the scope and effectiveness of the external audit functions;

• Determining the fees paid to the auditors and the auditor’s terms of reference;

• Ensuring that the appointment of the auditor complies with the provisions of the Companies Act of Mauritius 2001 and any other

legislation relating to the appointment of auditors, the rotation of Audit Firms as well as designated audit partners;

• Agreeing to the timing and nature of reports from the external auditor;

• Considering any problems identified in the going concern or internal control statements;

• Ensuring that adequate books and records have been maintained;

• Ensuring the integrity, reliability and efficiency of the Company’s risk management strategy/ policy and portfolios;

• Ensuring that the Company adheres to the requirements of the relevant regulatory bodies including the Mauritius Financial Services

Commission, SEM and the JSE;

• Resolving and dealing with any complaints concerning the accounting policies, the content and audit of financial statements and

related matters; and

• Ensuring the expertise and experience of the financial director are appropriate.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The fair values of unlisted financial instruments held by Astoria are determined using a variety of valuation techniques which require

significant management judgement. The Committee therefore considers the fair value of the unlisted investments as a key area of focus

when reviewing the annual financial statements. As part of the review, the Committee has satisfied itself that the methodologies and inputs

applied in determining the fair values are acceptable methodologies in terms of industry norms. Going forward the Committee will continue

to focus on the determination of the fair values of the unlisted financial instruments.

Following our review of the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022, the Committee is of the opinion that, in all

material respects, they comply with the relevant provisions of the Mauritian Companies Act 2001 and International Financial Reporting

Standards (“IFRS”) and that they show a true and fair view of the financial position as at 31 December 2022 for Astoria and of its financial

performance and cash flows for the year then ended.

Audit and Risk Committee report

for the year ended 31 December 2022

continued:

Letter, the Corporate

Governance Report, the Audit and Risk Committee Report, the Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities, the Statement of Responsibility by

Chief Financial Officer, the Secretary’s Certification as required by the Companies Act 2001 and the Group Structure, the Notice of AGM

and the Form of Proxy. The other information does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express an audit opinion or any form of

assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider

whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise

appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this

other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Statements

The directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with International

Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2001, and for such internal control as the directors determine

is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern,

disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either

intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,

whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance

but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.

Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be

expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the

audit. We also:

• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform

audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve

collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the

circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.

• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures

made by the directors.

• Conclude on the appropriateness of the director’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit evidence

obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability

to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report

to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions

are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the

Company to cease to continue as a going concern.

• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial

statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.:

Letter CL281021 is to report on the compliance with the Code of Corporate Governance (the “Code”) disclosed in the Corporate

Governance Report and assess the explanations given for non-compliance with any requirement of the Code. From our assessment of

the disclosures made on corporate governance in the Corporate Governance Report, the Company has complied with the requirements

of the Code.

ERNST & YOUNG

ROGER DE CHAZAL, A.C.A.

Ebène, Mauritius

Licensed by FRC

20 March 2023

Independent auditor’s report

continued:

Letter, the

Corporate Governance Report, the Audit and Risk Committee Report, the Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities, the Statement of

Responsibility by Chief Financial Officer, the Secretary’s Certification, the Group Structure, the Notice of AGM and the Form of Proxy. The

other information does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express an audit opinion or any form of

assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider

whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise

appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this

other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Statements

The directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with International

Financial Reporting Standards, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial

statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern,

disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either

intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,

whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,

but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.

Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be

expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the

audit. We also:

• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform

audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve

collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the

circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.

• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures

made by the directors.

• Conclude on the appropriateness of the director’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit evidence

obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability

to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report

to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions

are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the

Company to cease to continue as a going concern.

• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial

statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.:

letter of representation, in terms of their custody

agreements, should they wish to attend the Annual General Meeting. Such shareholder must not complete the attached form of proxy. Any

shareholder attending the meeting has the right to ask questions. The Company has to answer any questions raised by shareholders at

the meeting which relate to the business being dealt with at the meeting unless:

1.

to do so would interfere unduly with the preparation for the meeting or involve the disclosure of confidential information;

2.

the answer has already been given on a website in the form of an answer to a question, or

3.

it is undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the meeting to answer the question.

Notice of annual general meeting

continued:

