Managing Director and was appointed Vice Chairman

of Citigroup 2000 – 08. He was Chairman of Southern

Water Plc 2002 – 04 and Chairman of Gateway to

London, a public private partnership engaged in the

regeneration of East London, 2002 – 08. Anthony was

also a Governor of the Institute of Financial Services; a

Governor of the International Chamber of Commerce

UK and a Director of TheCityUK. As Minister of Trade

and Industry 1995 – 97, Anthony was responsible for

trade policy, promotion and regulation of the insurance

industry. As Economic Secretary and Minister of State

at H.M Treasury 1992 – 95, Anthony was responsible

for supervision of the UK financial and banking system.

Anthony started his career with N.M. Rothschild and

Sons as an asset manager and research analyst

The Board is

committed

to business

integrity,

transparency

and

sustainability

in all its

activities to

ensure that

all the entities

within the

Group are

managed

ethically and

responsibly

The current

members of

the Board are

as follows:

Michael Paul Dabrowski (45)**

Independent Non-Executive Director

Date appointed: 18 May 2021

Qualifications: BBusSc (Fin) (Hons) (University

of Cape Town), Post Graduate Diploma in

Accounting (University of Cape Town), MBA

(Distinction) (UCT Graduate School of Business),

Chartered Accountant (South Africa), Chartered

Global Management Accountant and an Associate

member of the Chartered Institute of Management

Accountants

Michael is an executive director of Stonehage Fleming

(Mauritius) Limited a position that he has held since

2017. He leads a team responsible for the effective

delivery of fiduciary and corporate services to a diverse

client base. Prior to joining Stonehage Fleming, Michael

was COO of fund manager Afena Capital (12 years)

during which he helped establish that firm and its then

Botswana subsidiary. He started his career at KPMG’s

Johannesburg office where his focus was short-term

insurance, stockbroking and banking. Michael has

experience working in South Africa, Botswana, the

UK and Mauritius and is a non-executive director

of a number of private companies. Michael resides

permanently in Mauritius.

Yoza Jekwa (46)*

Non-Executive Director

Date of appointment: 13 August 2020

Qualifications: MBChB (Medical degree) and

MBA (Finance focus) from the University of the

Witwatersrand

Yoza joined Mergence Investment Managers in

November 2019 as Joint: Managing

letter of representation to attend the AGM, or if you do not wish to attend, provide your CSDP with your voting instructions in terms of your

custody agreement entered into with them.

I/We

(full names in block letters) of (address)

being a holder/s of

shares in the Company, hereby appoint (see note ii)

1.

or (or failing him/her)

2.

or (or failing him/her)

3. the Chairman of the Company or failing him/her the Chairman of the AGM, as my/our proxy to attend, speak, and on a poll to vote or abstain

from voting on my/our behalf at the AGM which will be held for the purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without

modification, the ordinary or special resolution to be proposed thereat and at any adjournment thereof.

18:

