letter

22

• Joint Chief Executives’ review

26

• Report from the Chief Financial Officer

30

• Divisional reviews

34

3 Accountability

• Leadership

44

• Group structure at a glance

46

• Corporate governance

48

• Risk and compliance management

55

• Remuneration report

64

• Stakeholder relationships

77

4 Financial statements

• Group and Company audited financial statements

86

5 Shareholders

• Value added statement

174

• Shareholder information

175

• Notice of Annual General Meeting

177

• Form of proxy

Enclosed

• Corporate information

IBC:

letter

Capital Appreciation is in the right industry at the right time. The need for the Group’s products and

services has been amplified by the Covid-19 pandemic, as evidenced by accelerating demand from

Capital Appreciation’s customers.

While the secular trend characteristics of the sector

prompted us to pursue these investments initially, the

pandemic served to add significant impetus to the

sector’s inherent growth attributes.

Certain commercial sectors have been greatly

advantaged by the evolving developments in

technology, and the embrace of these contemporary

digital applications delivers easy accessibility,

relief and convenience to their clients and customers

in their daily lives. For example, financial services

companies have this past year generated strong

results, triggering a renewed confidence in

upgrading and expanding their terminal fleets, also

prompting broader investment in digital innovations.

Capital Appreciation is fortunate to be positioned

centre stage in this inexorable progression, with the

creativity, skills, experience and track record to deliver

the right products and services to support clients on

their digital journeys.

In addition to the robust performance of our

subsidiaries, two further developments during the

year deserve mention. Firstly, Capital Appreciation’s

acquisition of the Responsive group (Responsive)

and secondly, the opening of the group’s new offices in

the “tech hub” of Amsterdam. These exciting initiatives

are discussed in more detail in the Joint CEOs report.

GovChat provides a novel and valuable technology

offering to the public sector. During the year,

Capital Appreciation provided GovChat with further

loan funding. The development work on the GovChat

platform is and has been provided by Synthesis and

is truly ground-breaking. GovChat has, amongst other

activities, assisted Government to register more than

15 million Covid-19-related social relief of distress grant

applications through its platform to date. GovChat also

concluded a multi-agency agreement to assist and

support United Nations Agencies in their outreach

programmes and monitoring activities.

GovChat makes extensive use of social media channels to

allow the public sector to engage with society. However,

GovChat was recently forced to challenge Facebook/

WhatsApp’s attempts to terminate GovChat’s use of their

service. After a year-long investigation, the Competition

Commission has referred Meta Platforms /Facebook/

WhatsApp to the Competition Tribunal for abuse of

dominance. This is an important milestone and goes a

long way to ensure that the GovChat service offering will

remain available for use by both the government and the

citizens of South Africa.

For more detail refer to the discussion of the Group’s

ESG Framework on page 15.

Governance and control

The Board of Directors remain mindful of the fact

that corporate governance and responsibility are the

drivers of sustainable value for all our stakeholders.

To successfully steer our businesses to fulfil our vision,

Capital Appreciation believes in diligent oversight and

control, the upholding of sustainable business practices,

maintaining prudent risk management and implementing

effective governance, all driven and supported by a

strong value system.

Changes to the Capital Appreciation Board of Directors

during the year under review are recorded in appropriate

detail later in this report. Shareholders are referred to

the Notice of the Annual General Meeting at the back of

this report for information related to the retirement and

re-election of directors and committee members for the

next financial year.

Dividends

Capital Appreciation declared dividends of 7.50 cents

per ordinary share for the year, representing an

increase of 36% from the prior year. It is pleasing

to note that, over the past five years, the Group

has maintained an unbroken dividend record,

returning R374 million to shareholders in the form of

dividends. Despite these noteworthy distributions,

with regard to further acquisitions and meaningful

appropriations for organic growth, the Group remains

comfortably capitalised with significant cash resources

and no debt. This is directly attributable to profitable,

asset-light businesses within the Group, with a solid

and stable cash conversion rate – all key characteristics

of Capital Appreciation’s principal investment philosophy.

There is no fixed dividend policy, but the Board considers

both interim and final dividends at the end of each

reporting period, based on earnings and affordability,

also taking into account resources earmarked or required

for further expansion and/or potential acquisitions.

Prospects

The accelerated adoption of electronic payments and

the demand for cloud services and related advances

are indicative of the potential duration and strength of

a global digitalisation trend. We believe that the Group

has the resources, the competence, the ability and the

capacity to prosper under these encouraging conditions.

Michael (Motty) Sacks

Chairman

An employer of choice

Capital Appreciation’s ability to continue on its productive

path is strongly dependent on having differentiated

expertise and engaging talented staff to deliver

its innovative products and services. The Group

maintains a strong focus on attracting, developing,

retaining and investing in high calibre personnel

that soon regard and adopt the Group as ‘family’.

The Group’s established reputation as a technology

leader is an appealing choice for candidate employment,

with share-based incentive models, enabling certain

levels of management to participate in the future

prosperity of the Group. This year, the Group increased

its employee base by 24% to 427 staff members and

also facilitated a sizable intake of new applicants in its

graduate recruitment and learnership programmes.

These programmes provide real and measurable

opportunities to young and marginalised South Africans

while ensuring a growing pool of talent for the Group.

Continuing our transformation agenda

It is pleasing to report that each of our businesses

has continued to implement initiatives to advance its

transformation credentials, leading to an improvement

in the Synthesis and African Resonance B-BBEE ratings

to a Level 2 and a Level 3 contributor, respectively.

Dashpay maintained its Level 3 and the Group its

Level 4 B-BBEE status.

Capital Appreciation believes that active transformation

ultimately contributes to building a more prosperous

society. Enterprise development is an important pillar

of our transformation endeavours, with our associate,

GovChat having been a material beneficiary.

Payments revenue

5-year CAGR

21%

Software revenue

5-year CAGR

31%:

letter (continued)

Expanding the portfolio of innovative FinTech companies

Capital Appreciation’s acquisition of the Responsive technology

group in 2022 provides an excellent fit with the Group’s portfolio

of established, asset-light growth companies that deliver business-to-business FinTech

solutions. It also presents interesting synergistic opportunities with existing operating units.

Founded in 2011, Responsive is a digital solutions group that creates web and mobile products that

delight users by following a design thinking approach and expertly implementing the best technology

solution for clients across South Africa, the USA, Europe and the United Kingdom. The group comprises

three South African companies – Responsive Tech Proprietary Limited and Responsive Digital

Proprietary Limited (collectively called Responsive Build) and Rethink Digital Solutions Proprietary

Limited – and has a proven, 10-year track record of delivering complex digital projects for leading

South African and international blue-chip clients.

A high profile client base

In May 2022, Capital Appreciation subscribed for 20% of the shares in Netherlands-based Regal

Digital B.V. Regal Digital is the holding company of Firelava, a consulting services business focusing

on Web 3.0 technologies, non-fungible tokens (NFT) and Blockchain solutions, Google Firebase

and cloud specialist services as well as solution architecture consultation. Regal Digital has an 80%

shareholding in Flamelink B.V., a ‘software-as-a-service’ (SaaS) solution offering a headless Content

Management System (CMS) for Google’s Firebase, and is currently the de facto Firebase CMS with

the most feature-rich offering in the market.

Rethink Digital specialises in

designing delightful experiences for

complex digital products by following a

design thinking approach and focusing

on research, strategy, User Experience

(UX) and User Interface (UI) design

as well as usability testing to establish

user-centricity and satisfy user needs

and business goals.

Responsive Build specialises in

developing fast, secure and scalable

applications in the cloud using expert

skills, best practice processes and

industry-proven technology to get

digital products to market fast, drive

results and unlock business value.

Exciting growth and international expansion opportunities

Jacob “Meyer” Kahn

Appreciation

As always, a special word of gratitude is extended to my fellow Board members for their valued guidance and

support. My sincere appreciation also goes to the Capital Appreciation executives, management teams and all

our employees for their energy, commitment, expertise and hard work. Your significant contribution this year has

made us extremely proud of our Capital Appreciation. Finally, to our loyal shareholders and customers, thank you

for your continued support and interest in our Group.

Michael (Motty) Sacks

Chairman:

Managing Director of Synthesis)

Minimum

On-target

Stretch

Guaranteed pay

3 286 181

100%

3 286 181

100%

3 286 181

100%

Short-term incentives

–

0%

720 000

80%

900 000

100%

Long-term incentives

–

0%

1 120 000

80%

1 400 000

100%

Total remuneration

3 286 181

5 726 181

5 586 181

1 The Group founding executive directors have retained a relatively low level of cash remuneration compared to market benchmarks and their reward is focused on long-

term equity-based remuneration, which is strongly aligned to shareholder value creation.

2 This is the value of share awards that will vest in three years’ time, on the basis of on-target (80%) and stretch (100%) performance. This excludes any movement in the

share price.

38%

62%

Stretch

On-target

Minimum

1 800 000

3 600 000

2 880 000

1 800 000

1 800 000

On-target pay mix

57%

13%

20%

Stretch

On-target

Minimum

3 286 181

900 000

1 400 000

1 120 000

720 000

3 286 181

3 286 181

On-target pay mix:

letter of

representation to attend the annual general meeting

in person or by proxy and vote. If they do not wish to

attend in person or by proxy, they must provide the

CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms

of their custody agreement entered into between

them and the CSDP or broker. These shareholders

must not use a form of proxy. Unless you advise

your CSDP or broker, in terms of your agreement, by

the cut-off time stipulated therein, that you wish to

attend the annual general meeting or send a proxy

to represent you, your CSDP or broker will assume

that you do not wish to attend the annual general

meeting or send a proxy.

Voting

All voting at the annual general meeting will be

conducted by way of polling. On a poll, every

shareholder present in person or by proxy and, if

the person is a body corporate, its representative,

will have one vote for every share held or represented

by him/her. If you are in any doubt as to what action

you should take in respect of the resolutions provided

for in this notice, please consult your CSDP, broker,

banker, attorney, accountant or other professional

adviser immediately.

Lodgement of forms of proxy

It is requested that the Company receives completed

forms of proxy by no later than 14:00 (South

African time) on Monday, 5 September 2022 by

way of electronic mail to Computershare, at Proxy@

Computershare.co.za. Any forms of proxy not

lodged by this time may be sent to Computershare

immediately prior to the proxy exercising any rights

of the shareholder at the annual general meeting.

Any shareholder who completes and lodges a form

of proxy will nevertheless be entitled to attend, speak

and vote at the annual general meeting should the

shareholder decide to do so, provided that such

shareholder has been provided with access to the

Platform by Computershare.

A summary of the shareholders’ rights in respect of

proxy appointments as contained in section 58 of the

Companies Act is set out on the attached proxy form.

3. Special resolution number 3

Financial assistance to subsidiaries and other related

and interrelated entities

“RESOLVED THAT, to the extent required by

the Companies Act, the Board may, subject to

compliance with the requirements of the Company’s

Memorandum of Incorporation, the Companies Act,

and the JSE Listings Requirements, to the extent

applicable, authorise the Company to provide

direct or indirect financial assistance, including by

way of loan, guarantee, the provision of security or

otherwise, to any of its present or future subsidiaries

(wheresoever incorporated) and/or any other

company or entity that is or becomes related or

interrelated (as such term is defined in section 2 of

the Companies Act) to the Company, on such terms

and conditions as they may deem fit, for any purpose

or in connection with any matter, including, but not

limited to, the subscription for any option, or any

securities issued or to be issued by the Company or

a related or interrelated company, or for the purchase

of any securities of the Company or a related or

interrelated company, such authority to endure until

the next annual general meeting of the Company.”

Additional information in respect of special resolution

number 3

Notwithstanding the title of section 45 of the

Companies Act, being “Loans or other financial

assistance to directors”, on a proper interpretation,

the body of the section may also apply to financial

assistance provided by a company to related or

interrelated companies and entities, including,

inter alia, its subsidiaries, for any purpose.

Furthermore, section 44 of the Companies Act may

also apply to the financial assistance so provided by

a company to related or interrelated companies, in

the event that the financial assistance is provided for

the purpose of, or in connection with, the subscription

of any option, or any securities, issued or to be

issued by the Company or a related or interrelated

company or for the purchase of any securities of

the Company or a related or interrelated company.

Both sections 44 and 45 of the Companies Act

provide, inter alia, that the particular financial

assistance must be provided only pursuant to a

special resolution of the shareholders, adopted

within the previous two years, which approved

such assistance either for the specific recipient, or

generally for a category of potential recipients, and

the specific recipient falls within that category and

the Board must be satisfied that:

• immediately after providing the financial

assistance, the Company would satisfy the

solvency and liquidity test; and

• the terms under which the financial assistance

is proposed to be given are fair and

reasonable to the Company.:

letter of representation to attend

the annual general meeting in person or by proxy and vote. If they do not wish to attend the annual general meeting in person

or by proxy, they must provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement

entered into between them and the CSDP or broker. These ordinary shareholders must not use this form of proxy.

I/We

of

(address)

being the holder(s) of

Capital Appreciation Limited ordinary shares,

Do hereby appoint (see note 2):

1.

of

failing him/her,

2.

of

failing him/her

3. the Chairman of the annual general meeting, as my/our proxy to act for me/us and on my/our behalf at the annual general

meeting, which will be held for the purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without modification, the

resolutions to be proposed thereat and at any adjournment thereof; and to vote for and/or against the resolutions and/or

abstain from voting in respect of the Capital Appreciation ordinary shares registered in my/our name(s), in accordance with

the following instructions (see note 3):

Number of ordinary shares

For

Against Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1: Acceptance of financial statements

Ordinary resolution number 2.1: Retirement, re‑election and confirmation of appointment of

Michael (Motty) Sacks as director

Ordinary resolution number 2.2: Retirement, re‑election and confirmation of appointment of

Bukelwa Bulo as director

Ordinary resolution number 2.3: Retirement, re‑election and confirmation of appointment of

Michael Brian Shapiro as director

Ordinary resolution number 2.4: Retirement, re‑election and confirmation of appointment of

Charles Valkin as director

Ordinary resolution number 3.1: Re‑election of V Sekese as member and Chairman of the audit

and risk and opportunity committee

Ordinary resolution number 3.2: Re‑election of B Bulo as a member of the audit and risk and

opportunity committee

Ordinary resolution number 3.3: Election of KD Dlamini as a member of the audit and risk and

opportunity committee

Ordinary resolution number 4: Reappointment of external auditors

Ordinary resolution number 5: General authority to issue shares for cash

Ordinary resolution number 6: Non‑binding advisory vote on remuneration policy

Ordinary resolution number 7: Non‑binding advisory vote on remuneration implementation report

Special resolution number 1: Approval of non‑executive directors’ fees

Special resolution number 2: Repurchase of the Company’s ordinary shares

Special resolution number 3: Financial assistance to subsidiaries and other related and

interrelated entities

Please indicate with an “X” in the space provided above how you wish your votes to be cast.

Signed

on

2022

Signature

Assisted by

(where applicable)

Notes

The person whose name stands first on the form of proxy and who is present at the annual general meeting will be entitled to

act as a proxy to the exclusion of those whose names follow thereafter.

Each shareholder is entitled to appoint one or more proxies (who need not be a shareholder of the Company) to attend, speak

and vote in place of that shareholder at the annual general meeting.

Form of proxy:

