managing director of

Sanlam Investment Management and CEO of Sanlam

Private Equity.

Cora was appointed to the boards of Capitec and Capitec

Bank on 25 September 2020.

Vusumuzi Mahlangu (51) (Vusi)

BSc (Chemical Engineering), MBA

Lead independent director

Vusi is the co-founder and director of Tamela. He has

extensive experience in finance and investment banking.

He serves on the boards of Emira Property Fund, Cure Day

Hospitals and Aon South Africa. Previous positions include

CEO (and co-founder) of Makalani Holdings, investment

banker at Investec Bank and production manager at Afrox.

Vusi was appointed to the boards of Capitec and Capitec

Bank on 25 September 2020.

Thetele Emmarancia Mashilwane (46) (Emma)

BCom (Hons), CA(SA), RA, MBA

Chairman of the SESCO

Emma is the co-founder and CEO of Masa Risk Advisory

Services. Her previous positions include CFO at Carl Zeiss

Optronics, head of internal audit at Nkonki Incorporated,

senior manager at KPMG and CFO at Masana Technologies.

She serves on the board of Tiger Brands and previously

served on the boards of Famous Brands and Murray

& Roberts.

Emma was appointed to the boards of Capitec and Capitec

Bank on 6 March 2020.

John David McKenzie (75) (Jock)

BSc (Chemical Engineering), MA

Jock served on the boards of Capitec and Capitec Bank

from 1 March 2012 until 28 May 2021.

Daniel Petrus Meintjes (65) (Danie)

BPL (Hons) (Industrial Psychology), AMP

Chairman of the REMCO

Danie served as CEO of the Mediclinic Group from 2010

up to his retirement on 1 June 2018. He currently serves

as a non-executive director on the board of Mediclinic

International. Danie joined the Mediclinic Group in 1985

as a hospital manager. He was appointed as a member

of Mediclinic’s executive committee in 1995 and as a

director in 1996. He was seconded to serve as a senior

executive of the Mediclinic Group’s operations in Dubai

in 2006 and appointed as CEO of Mediclinic Middle East

in 2007. He served as a non-executive director of the

Spire Healthcare Group from 2015 up to his retirement

in May 2018.

Danie was appointed to the boards of Capitec and Capitec

Bank on 28 November 2018.

Jean Pierre Verster (41)

BCompt (Hons), CA(SA), CFA, CAIA

Chairman of the audit committee

Jean Pierre is the founder and CEO of Protea Capital

Management. He partnered with Fairtree Asset

Management in 2016 to launch the Protea range of hedge

funds. Previous portfolio manager positions include 36ONE

Asset Management from 2010 to 2016 and Melville

Douglas Investment Management. Prior to that, he was

credit and corporate research analyst at Standard Bank’s

Global Markets Research division. In 2006, he gained

experience as an internal auditor in the retail banking

environment after he had started his career in 2005 as a

financial manager in the insurance services environment.

Jean Pierre was appointed to the boards of Capitec and

Capitec Bank on 23 March 2015.

Non-executive directors

Michiel Scholtz du Pré le Roux (72)

BCom LLB, DCom (hc)

Michiel was chairman of Capitec and Capitec Bank

from 2007 until 31 May 2016 when he stepped down.

He continues to serve on the board as a non-executive

director. He was the bank’s CEO until 2004.

Michiel was appointed to Capitec’s board on 1 March 2001

and to Capitec Bank’s board on 6 April 2000.

Petrus Johannes Mouton (45) (Piet)

BCom (Mathematics)

Piet is the CEO of PSG Group. He serves as a director on

the boards of various PSG Group companies, including

Curro Holdings, PSG Konsult and Zeder Investments.

He has been active in the investment and financial services

industry since 1999.

Piet was appointed to the boards of Capitec and Capitec

Bank on 5 October 2007.

Chris Adriaan Otto (72)

BCom LLB

Chris was an executive director of PSG Group and has

served as a non-executive director since February 2009.

He is also a director of Agri Voedsel, Distell Group,

Kaap Agri and Zeder Investments.

Chris was appointed to the boards of Capitec and Capitec

Bank on 6 April 2000.:

managing director of the Co-operative Banks Development

Agency. Previously, he worked at National Treasury as chief

director: international finance (2010 to 2011), chief director:

financial sector development (2006 to 2010) and director:

banking development (2002 to 2006).

Nkosana was appointed to the boards of Capitec and

Capitec Bank on 1 June 2016.

Company secretary

Yolande Mariana Mouton (55)

BSc (Hons), MSc

Yolande joined the Capitec group in 2000 and served

as assistant company secretary from 2001 until

November 2015, when she was appointed as company

secretary of the Capitec group.

Group executive committee

In addition to the CEO, CFO and executive: risk

management, the group EXCO comprises the following

members:

Rizwana Butler (47)

BSocSc (Hons)

Executive: human resources

Rizwana joined Capitec Bank on 1 March 2021. She has

over 20 years’ experience at global fast-moving consumer

goods giant Unilever across both generalist and specialist

fields. During her time at Unilever, Rizwana served in a

number of local South African roles, regional roles across

Africa, the Middle East and Turkey and more recently

internationally leading talent, culture and organisation

transformation. Her most recent appointments at Unilever

have been as head of HR: Nordics and head of HR: East

Europe across 20 countries. Rizwana started her career in

1997 as an HR management trainee at Tavistock Collieries,

a coal mine subsidiary of JCI Limited.

Willem de Bruyn (51) (Wim)

BSc (Hons) (Computer Science)

Executive: business development and technology

Wim joined Capitec Bank on 1 November 2014.

He was chief information officer at Standard Bank until

2014, responsible for personal and business banking

in South Africa and across 18 African countries. He

has been extensively involved in retail banking strategy,

has international experience in IT management and

has implemented large-scale projects during his career.

He started his career with Standard Bank as a software

developer in 1992.

Karl Rainer Kumbier (50)

BCompt, PGDA, CA(SA), CFA

Executive: Business bank

Karl joined Capitec Bank in 2020 as the executive of the

Business bank, following the acquisition of Mercantile

where he was the CEO. Before joining Mercantile in 2010,

he worked for the Standard Bank Group for 9 years in

various positions, including provincial director: Western

Cape and chief operating officer of Stanbic Bank Ghana

Limited.

Hendrik Albertus Jacobus Lourens (56) (Henk)

BCom (Hons), CA(SA)

Executive: Retail bank

Henk joined Capitec Bank’s predecessor in 1999 as head

of the branch acquisitions department. He was appointed

as Capitec’s operations manager responsible for the

Northern Cape, Western Cape, Eastern Cape, Free State

and KwaZulu-Natal in 2001. He held this position until

2007, when he became the national sales manager. Henk

was appointed as executive: operations on 1 January 2014.

He started his career with Ernst & Young.

Francois Viviers (39)

BCom (Hons)

Executive: marketing and communications

Francois joined Capitec Bank as national brand manager

in 2011. He served on the group EXCO as a development

member during 2015. During 2015 and 2016, he fulfilled

various positions at Capitec Bank, namely head: client

relationship marketing and head: marketing and corporate

affairs. He was appointed as executive: marketing and

communications on 1 June 2016. He started his career

at the Shoprite Group where he fulfilled various roles

including marketing manager for Shoprite South Africa and

Indian Ocean Islands.

There are 2 development seats on the group EXCO to

provide senior employees with the opportunity to gain

experience at an executive level. The incumbents rotate

annually. The seats were filled by Monique Palmieri, head:

compliance and Blessing Mgaga, head: solutions delivery

and academy, technology services during the 2022

financial year. The development members for the 2023

financial year are Basani Maluleke, divisional executive:

business solutions, banking and purpose lending and

April Baloyi, head: Mercantile Rental Finance.

54%

23%

Board ratio

23%

Independent non-executive directors 7

Non-executive directors

3

Executive directors

3

69%

31%

White

9

Black

4

Diversity

77%

23%

Male

10

Female

3

Gender:

letter from the REMCO chairman, reporting on

factors that influenced the remuneration policy and

forward-looking approaches, and the implementation

of the policy over the past financial year

• Part 2 contains the forward-looking remuneration policy

• Part 3 illustrates the implementation of the remuneration

policy during the 2022 financial year.

Part 1: Background

statement: Letter from the REMCO chairman

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the South

African economy over the past 2 years was challenging,

but also presented us with opportunities to enhance our

clients’ experience, such as the implementation of new

digital solutions. The business proved its ability to adapt

rapidly to prevailing circumstances and we are proud

of how our internal stakeholders have risen to these

challenges and opportunities. I am therefore especially

pleased to present to you our remuneration report for the

financial year on behalf of the REMCO.

Capitec remains focused on developing remuneration

strategies that best serve stakeholder interests through

sustainable growth. Remuneration is based on the

successful implementation of these strategies to ensure

that we only reward actions that advance stakeholder

interests and that pay is appropriately aligned to

performance. We continually monitor developments in

regulation, best practice and related changes in the

market that may have an impact on our approach to

remuneration and regularly take input from stakeholders

into consideration. We have engaged independent external

remuneration consultants to ensure that our remuneration

policy remains fit for purpose in a dynamic and changing

environment and is aligned to the achievement of our

strategies. In particular, we see our remuneration policy

as key to our ability to attract and retain talent in a market

where the battle for talent is fierce.

Shareholder engagement and voting outcomes

Shareholder engagement is a crucial part of our

stakeholder engagement. Therefore, the REMCO charter

specifies that we should adequately disclose information to

stakeholders to facilitate constructive engagement with all

relevant stakeholders, including shareholders.

As part of our ongoing commitment to proactively consult

with our shareholders, we engaged with a number of

our larger institutional investors ahead of our AGM

in May 2021 to discuss the remuneration policy and

implementation report which subsequently received

79.16% (2020: 89.84%) and 48.75% (2020: 90.07%)

of total votes in favour from shareholders, respectively,

at the AGM. Given the downturn in voting outcomes

and in compliance with King IV™ and the JSE Listings

Requirements, we extended a further invitation for

engagement to dissenting shareholders to understand

their objections and rationale for their votes. Although this

invitation was unfortunately met with no response, the

REMCO had the opportunity to meet with several of our

larger institutional investors later during the financial year

to continue the discussion on our remuneration policy.

The key themes arising from our conversations with our shareholders, as well as our responses thereto, are set out in the

table below.

Shareholder

comments or concerns

Our response

The use of discretion

to amend in-flight

short-term incentive

(STI) targets,

replacing headline

earnings per share

(HEPS) with headline

earnings, leading to

higher payouts

• Given the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the board approved an adjusted budget in September 2020

which was used to set a new realistic target for the STI bonus calculation. The new STI target was based

on the adjusted headline earnings for the financial year. The change from HEPS to headline earnings

was never intended to have an impact on the resulting payment. Rather, the change was motivated by a

desire to ensure consistency and alignment with the majority of other annual performance bonus schemes

operated across the organisation, in terms of which bonuses are determined based on headline earnings

so that all employees are aligned in their efforts to drive the financial performance of the business; and

• that the STI is determined in a way that is easy for all employees across the business to engage with using

the more widely communicated and easy to understand measure of headline earnings.

Poor alignment and limited understanding of a performance bonus calculation undermines the constructive

behavioural impact that such an incentive aims to achieve and, as such, the REMCO is satisfied that the

changes were in the best interest of all stakeholders as they reinforce reward for actual performance and

drive future performance.

Lack of disclosure on

the use of KPIs

in the determination

of the STI

Personal performance has been an entry criterion for participation in the STI of all executives for quite some

time. Going forward, we have refined this by bringing in a scaled entry criterion, with personal KPI scores

resulting in a 0% (for scores less than 2) 50% (for a score of 2), or 100% (for scores 3 and above) payment

of the individual’s STI.

We have further refined the STI approach to include a clearer determination process with associated

weightings linked to financial performance of the group and non-financial strategic leadership initiatives. The

REMCO believes that the adoption of a collective group balanced scorecard to determine the bonus funding

pool, along with the disclosure of the group financial and non-financial KPIs in that scorecard, provides

shareholders with comfort that STI payments reward holistic performance. This is discussed in Part 2 of the

report, under the heading ‘Short- term incentive’.

The STI structure

provides uncapped

earning opportunities

The REMCO sets the on-target quantum of STIs quite low proportionally to total remuneration (TR)

(approximately 13% of TR), especially when compared to market, which typically averages, for the banking

comparator group, approximately 20% – 25%. Capitec does not have a stretch target in place and the STI

is structured in such a way that any outperformance of the headline earnings target will only result in an

incremental increase in the STI payable on a sliding scale. As such, even where Capitec outperforms its

headline earning targets, the resultant STI payment will still be lower than the market average for equivalent

performance. This is consistent with our declared remuneration philosophy of reward that is commensurate

with performance achieved, and of putting focus on long-term performance over short-term gains. This is

explained in more detail under ‘Short-term incentive’ below. Also refer to the visual scenario graphs in Part 2

under the heading ‘Key management and divisional executives’ pay mix’.

letter, terms, audit plan and

budgeted fees for the 2022 ﬁnancial year

• Approved the nature and extent of non-audit services

that the external auditors may provide and conﬁrmed

that the non-audit services did not compromise the

external auditors’ independence

• Nominated for election at the annual general meeting

(AGM), PWC and Deloitte as the external audit ﬁrms

• Satisﬁed itself, based on the information and

explanations supplied by management and obtained

through discussions with the independent external

auditors and internal auditors, that the system of internal

ﬁnancial controls of all the companies included in the

consolidated annual ﬁnancial statements, is effective

and forms a basis for the preparation of reliable

ﬁnancial statements

Directors’ report

To the shareholders of Capitec Bank Holdings Limited (Capitec or the group)

The directors present their report to shareholders for the

year ended 28 February 2022.

Nature of the business

Capitec was incorporated in South Africa on

23 November 1999 and registered as a bank controlling

company, as envisaged by the Banks Act on 29 June 2001.

Capitec was listed on the JSE on 18 February 2002.

The company holds 100% of its principal subsidiaries,

Capitec Bank Limited and Capitec Ins Proprietary Limited.

Capitec Bank Limited is a leading South African retail and

business bank which focuses on essential banking services

and provides innovative savings, transacting and lending

products to individuals and small- and medium-sized

businesses. The cell captive arrangements, which were

transferred to Capitec Ins Proprietary Limited by Capitec

Bank Limited effective 31 March 2021, enable Capitec

Ins Proprietary Limited to provide long-term insurance

products to Retail bank clients.

Review of operations

The operating results and the state of affairs of the

company and the group are fully disclosed in the annual

ﬁnancial statements and commentary is provided in the

Review by the Chairman and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, and

the Report from the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, which are

included in the integrated annual report.

Ordinary and preference shares issued

The number of ordinary shares issued during the year

amounted to 472 852 (2021: Nil). The number of shares

in issue amounted to 116 099 843 (2021: 115 626 991).

No ordinary shares were repurchased during the year.

No preference shares were issued during the year.

A total of 49 555 (2021: 193 402) preference shares were

repurchased.

Dividends to shareholders

The following dividends were declared for the current and

previous year:

Dividends

per share

(cents)

2022

Dividends

per share

(cents)

2021

Ordinary dividend

Interim

1 200

—

Final

2 440

1 600

Special dividend

1 500

—

Preference dividend

Interim

294.05

326.30

Final

296.91

289.26

The ﬁnal ordinary dividend for 2022 was approved by the

directors on 11 April 2022.

The directors performed the solvency and liquidity tests

required by the Companies Act.

A special dividend of 1 500 cents per share was declared

on 11 April 2022. No special dividend was declared or

paid during 2021. The distribution is made from income

reserves and exchange control approval has been obtained.

Subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

Information relating to the company’s ﬁnancial interest in

its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures is presented

in the notes to the annual ﬁnancial statements.

Transfer of Capitec Bank Limited’s

shareholding in the insurance cell captives

to Capitec Ins Proprietary Limited

Capitec Bank Limited transferred its shareholding in the

insurance cell captive arrangements with Centriq Life

Insurance Company Limited and Guardrisk Life Limited

to Capitec Ins Proprietary Limited, as recommended

by the Prudential Authority (PA). It is considered good

governance for the insurance operations of the group to

be held outside of the banking operations to keep the risk,

capital management and regulation of the banking and

insurance operations separate. Capitec Ins Proprietary

Limited obtained the shareholding in the cells at their

carrying amounts from Capitec Bank Limited effective

31 March 2021. Capitec Ins Proprietary Limited, as the

new shareholder of the cells, participates in the operating

results of the cells as an attribution of proﬁt.:

