Managing Director’s Report

GOVERNANCE REPORT

12

Corporate Governance

35

Board Report on the Effectiveness

of Internal Controls

36

Internal Financial Controls sign-off

by the: Managing

Managing Director on

1 February 1998 and led Clientèle very ably until 30 June 2013.

Gavin had already identified that Basil Reekie, previously a

consulting actuary to Clientèle, had all the characteristics of

an excellent MD for Clientèle and brought Basil into Clientèle

in January 2008. When Gavin stepped down, Basil took up

the reins at Clientèle as Group: Managing Director on

1 July 2013 and, as Gavin expected, excelled in the role. I am

proud to have been

Managing Director of Clientèle for the great value that he

added during his tenure as: managing Director and to Patrick

Enthoven, the founder of the Hollard Group and the first

Managing Director’s Report continued:

Managing Director’s Report continued

RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board continues to acknowledge and monitor its

responsibilities with regard to the management of risk in

terms of King IV. The Group Risk Committee is an

established Board Committee with a Terms of Reference

approved by the Board.

The strategy for managing risk is aligned with the principles

of the Insurance Act and related prudential standards.

Business objectives, based on a three-year time horizon,

are set by the various entities and divisions within the

Group. Action plans to achieve these business objectives

are then identified so as to support the longer term strategy.

Risk events that could threaten the achievement of the

business objectives are identified and rated against an

impact and likelihood scale, which differs between entities

and divisions given their individual materiality level.

Potential risk events are monitored and managed so as to

minimise any negative impact on the Group. All risk events

are measured against a pre-defined overall risk appetite.

The current Group risk appetite comprises three metrics,

namely, financial soundness (prudential minimum plus a

buffer), free cash flow and REVE. Specific key risks are also

measured individually against pre-defined risk tolerance

levels.

The risk management process contributes towards the

early identification and on-going management of systemic

and organisational exposure, in parallel with all Board and

Non-Board Committees, which all contribute to a combined

assurance model.

Response to COVID-19

The national State of Disaster came to an end at midnight

on 4 April 2022, relaxing many of the COVID-19 restrictions.

From the 23rd of June 2022, most COVID-19 restrictions,

including wearing of masks, were no longer compulsory in

the workplace. The COVID-19 Committee was replaced by

the Hazardous Biological Agents (HBA) Committee.

Clientèle managed to administer a total of 1,810 vaccinations

onsite to employees.

Although COVID-19 had a significant impact on all

businesses, Clientèle has paid all valid claims, remained

solvent, and produced a strong set of financial results

despite the challenges.

B-BBEE

Our stance on transformation as a company transcends

beyond the numbers of the scorecard, as we truly believe

in the spirit of inclusivity and sustainable participation in the

economy for all South Africans.

Our focus has continued to be on building a workforce that

is representative of our country at all levels of the

organisation; opening up employment opportunities for

unemployed youth through collaborative partnerships with

the Insurance SETA and building competencies and growth

opportunities through our skills development programmes

such as learnerships, staff bursaries and management

courses for our employees.

The investment in, and support of our IFA network has

played an important role in sustaining small black enterprises

throughout the challenging social and economic period of

the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, we are cognisant of

the importance of partnering with procurement suppliers

that share similar values in terms of empowerment and

transformation.

Our Funeral Guide, which aims to provide valuable financial

and planning information to consumers during tough times,

is part of our socio-economic offering of “Safeguarding Your

(our clients) World… with Compassion”.

The Group is continuously looking to improve its B-BBEE

contribution status and remains committed to increasing the

B-BBEE shareholding in Clientèle over time. The majority of

our B-BBEE shares are held directly and indirectly by YTI, a

wholly owned subsidiary of the Hollard Foundation Trust,

a B-BBEE Trust. YTI’s total shareholding, including the

indirect holdings amounts to approximately 11.34%.

Clientèle has continued to provide financial assistance

resulting in a net exposure via guarantees of R200 million

for the purchase of approximately 8.58% of Clientèle’s

issued ordinary shares by YTI.

A preference share funding arrangement was entered into

in the 2021 financial year. As part of this funding

arrangement, the Clientèle Group acquired preference

shares in YTI to the value of R50 million.:

Managing Director’s Report continued

CORPORATE SOCIAL INVESTMENTS

The Clientèle Corporate Social Investment portfolio is

committed to playing an active role in providing sustainable

relief to our communities in South Africa.

For the 2022 year, our CSI initiatives focused on the

following pillars:

1. Education

Now in its 13th year, the Clientèle bursary scheme has

supported the children of our staff and IFAs with

bursaries to enable them to complete tertiary studies. To

date, this bursary scheme has sponsored over

60 graduates covering a wide range of disciplines

including medicine, accounting science, law and admin

management. The bursaries cover all costs relating to

the beneficiaries’ studies including tuition, books, meals

and accommodation. Of the total students currently on

the bursary scheme 94% passed their studies last year.

In addition to the financial support, we provide mentorship

engagements between some of Clientèle’s senior

management and the students focusing on their overall

well-being (including academic guidance, mental and

emotional wellness).

2. Community Support and Donations

We recognise the socio-economic challenges that

many consumers in South Africa face. We have

maintained our support for childhood development and

vulnerable youth care by sponsoring the following

beneficiaries:

• Sithabile Child and Youth Centre in Benoni; and,

• Ditau Primary School in Soweto.

3. Employee Giving and Volunteering

Through the employee giving campaign Clientèle

employees have been able to donate funds and give

their time to those who are underprivileged.

The employees donated funds to the following worthy

causes:

• School shoe drive in the Johannesburg area to

385 learners;

• Food parcels during the festive season to the

HOMAC (Home of Mother & Child Care Centre)

Ennerdale, South West of Johannesburg; and,

• The donation of over 2 000 sanitary packs to assist

in alleviating female hygiene challenges for school

going girls in Johannesburg.

4. Consumer Education

In line with the Group’s purpose of “Safeguarding Your

World… with Compassion”, the consumer education

initiative expanded its reach in 2022. In partnership with

Avo Vision (Financial Literacy Partner) 2,295 participants

received training on financial literacy topics such as:

• Budgeting;

• Understanding credit; and,

• Planning a funeral using the Clientèle Funeral guide.

The Clientèle Funeral Guide will continue to form part of

our response to educating and supporting our

communities in their time of need.

The demographic reach of the project was as follows:

• 54% of the participants were from rural areas;

• 95% of the participants were Black South Africans

(inclusive of Africans, Asians, Coloureds, and Indians);

• 60% of the participants were young, black females;

and,

• 94% of the participants fall within the Living Standard

Measure: 1-8 (earnings of R250,000 or less per

annum).

The Clientèle Funeral Guide will continue to form part of

our response to educating and supporting our

communities in their time of need.

BUSINESS SEGMENTS

Long-term Insurance

Clientèle Life's Long-term insurance segment remains the

major contributor to the Group’s performance and recorded

a 15% increase in net profit for the year to R326.0 million

(2021: R282.7 million) despite the impact of the challenging

operating environment, policy withdrawals and poor

investment returns, as previously referred to. Clientèle Life's

total VNB for the year of R233.2 million (2021: R126.9 million),

benefitted from the underwriting of the business from funeral

parlours referred to above, and increased by 84% over last

year. Clientèle Life recorded REVE of R531.7million (2021:

R401.5 million), an increase of 32%.

Short-term Insurance

Clientèle General’s net profit for the year of R94.9 million

(2021: R90.1 million) increased by 5% on last year,

impacted by the challenging operating environment, policy

withdrawals and poor investment returns, as previously

referred to. Clientèle General’s VNB was R49.5 million

(2021: R87.3 million) and it recorded REVE of R182.2 million

(2021: R273.8 million) and a Recurring Return on Embedded

Value of 13.9% (2021: 22.6%). Management are focusing

on returning the business to its growth path through

increasing quality production.

CBC Rewards, Clientèle Mobile and Direct

Rewards

CBC Rewards, Clientèle Mobile and Direct Rewards

reported a combined net profit of R2.0 million for the year

(2021: R0.4 million) and VNB of R7.9 million (2021:

R1.5 million).

DIVIDENDS

The Board has declared a dividend per ordinary share of

120 cents, an increase of 9.1% over last year’s dividend per

ordinary share of 110 cents.:

Managing Director’s Report continued

OUTLOOK

Clientèle remains focused on TCW and providing products

and services which meet their needs and will continue to

improve on the delivery of them to the market conveniently

and efficiently. Management continues to successfully

navigate the business through the prevailing challenges and

takes advantage of the opportunities which present

themselves in this environment.

The value adding initiatives for our clients which include

Clientèle Rewards, the Clientèle App, and Clientèle Mobile

continue to add value to our clients. The challenges within

the collections environment together with pressure on

disposable income for our customers continues to

negatively impact withdrawals and this receives a

tremendous amount of management’s focus and efforts.

Clientèle will, as usual, continue to focus on increasing

production of quality business across all of its distribution

channels, including funeral parlours.

Tight control will continue to be kept on expenses and

every effort will be made to maintain and improve business

efficiencies.

I am comfortable that the ongoing challenges continue to

be well managed. Despite the depressed economic

environment, the Board remains encouraged by the

prospects for growth and value creation over time.

APPRECIATION AND BOARD

COMPOSITION

The financial year has been another tough year and was

significantly impacted by external events such as COVID-19.

Not surprisingly, claim payments have remained high as a

consequence of the pandemic. Nonetheless, it has been

pleasing to see the pandemic starting to disappear in the

rear view mirror and I am looking forward to improved

claims experience into the future.

I have been extremely proud of how the executive,

management and staff team have handled the challenges

and stresses of a depressed economy significantly

impacted by the spectre of COVID-19.

Two members of the Executive team left Clientèle during

the year in order to pursue other interests. We wish

Malcolm MacDonald (previous Group IT Executive) and

Brendon Pillay (previous head of Telesales) all of the very

best for their future careers. Franco Pretorius, who headed

up Telesales at Clientèle from 2010 to 2017, rejoined the

Group on 1 February 2022 after 5 years of working in

Namibia. We look forward to him adding significant value to

the sales environment at Clientèle.

Donny Habana has been appointed to replace Malcolm

MacDonald as the new head of IT. Mr. Habana will join

Clientèle on 1 October 2022 and I am also looking forward

to his input.

Wilna van Zyl (our Company Secretary) tendered her

resignation in September 2022. I would like to thank her for

her valuable contribution over the past 17 years and wish

her well in her future endeavours. Mr. Eben Smit has been

appointed as the new Company Secretary. Mr. Smit is

currently the Head of Group Legal, a position that he has

held since 2018. The Board is satisfied that Mr. Smit has

the necessary experience, qualifications and expertise to

take up the position of Company Secretary of the Group

and I look forward to working with him in this position.

As reported previously, Iain Hume (our long standing

Group Financial Director) is retiring with effect from

31 December 2022. The Board unanimously approved the

appointment of Michael Cownie as his successor with

effect from 1 January 2023. Mr. Cownie has been a

member of the executive team at Clientèle for close to a

decade and we look forward to his continued involvement

in this new role.

The Clientèle Group turns 30 this year and I am proud of

our history which has seen us grow from very humble

beginnings to the organisation that we are today. The

Chairman’s report gives the interested reader a brief

summary of our exciting history. The Group has grown from

strength to strength during the challenging times that have

made up the last three decades. Despite the challenges

facing the Group, I remain excited about the opportunities

for us to expand our offering, I am particularly excited about

the changes that have been made within the Clientèle

Rewards space over the year. The launch of Clientèle Perks

(a standalone rewards product) a few months ago has seen

us attracting a slightly different market and provides us with

new clients to whom we can upsell an insurance offering.

Furthermore, Clientèle is starting to use our rewards offering

in order to genuinely reward loyal service and thus Treat our

Clients Well in ways that stretch beyond simply paying

relevant insurance claims.

I would like to thank the Chairman of the Board, the Non-

executive Directors, Excom, the greater management team

and each and every member of the Clientèle staff, who

have worked tirelessly through another difficult year. As a

team, they have done everything in their power to ensure

that we Treat Clients Well and safeguard their worlds with

compassion.

Finally, I want to thank our IFA business partners, our

Agency force and Brokers as well as the teams at our

Funeral Parlour intermediaries who have all added

meaningfully to Clientèle during the year and we look

forward to continuing to work with them into the future.

Mr. BW Reekie

19 September 2022:

Managing Director is a member of

this Committee.

8

The Board should ensure that

its arrangements for delegation

within its own structures promote

independent judgment, and assist

with balance of power and the

effective discharge of its duties.

The Board currently has various standing Committees that assist

it in discharging its duties and responsibilities. The Committees

include: the Group Audit Committee, Group Risk Committee,

Group Investment Committee, Group Remuneration Committee,

Group Nominations Committee, Group Actuarial Committee and

the Group Social and Ethics Committee.

These Committees operate in accordance with written Terms of

Reference approved by the Board, which are reviewed at least

annually. The Committees are appropriately constituted and

members are appointed by the Board, with the exception of

the Group Audit Committee, whose members are nominated

by the Board and elected by shareholders of the Group. The

Group Nominations Committee reviews the composition of

Board Committees and makes recommendations to the Board

with regard to their composition, taking into account factors such

as diversity and skills and the need to create a balanced distribution

of power.

External advisors, Executive Directors and members of Excom

and Senior Management attend Committee meetings by invitation.

The Committees play an important role in enhancing the high

standards of governance and achieving increased effectiveness

within the Group.

The Board considers the allocation of roles and associated

responsibilities and the composition of membership across

Committees holistically.

A delegation by the Board of its responsibilities to a Committee

will not, by or of itself, constitute a discharge of the Board’s

accountability.

The Board applies its collective mind to the information, opinions,

recommendations, reports and statements presented by the

Chairperson of a Committee.:

Managing Director on an annual basis and ensures that the role

of the Group: Managing

letter is sent to every insurance policyholder who takes up a policy;

• Rewards and Mobile clients will receive a welcome SMS and/or e-mail containing a link to their relevant

contract terms and conditions;

• A well-established and well-trained call centre deals with client queries;

• Clients are also able to access important information and update certain details via the self-service

portal and the Clientèle App;

• SMS, e-mail and in-App communication is widely used to keep clients up to date on their particular

interactions with the Group;

• Walk-in centres assist clients who prefer face-to-face contact in dealing with their queries. Funeral Parlour

intermediated clients are also able to visit the relevant Funeral Parlour branches, to attend to their

queries; and,

• Agency kiosks are located in various shopping centres across South Africa where a prospective client

can take out a policy or contract.

The Group subscribes to the principles of TCF to ensure that:

• Clients can be confident that they are dealing with a Group where the fair treatment of clients is central

to the corporate culture;

• Products marketed and sold are designed to meet the needs of identified consumer groups and are

targeted accordingly;

• Products are easy to understand. The wording of policies and contracts are continuously reviewed to

ensure the wording is simple, clear and easy to follow;

• There is a focus on client-centricity to ensure that clients get the after-sales service that they expect;

• The Group always deals with clients with compassion; and,

• There is a continuous focus on the claims process and complaints management to ensure that clients

receive empathetic professional and timely claims service.

The TCW initiative, which goes beyond TCF, combined with the Group’s values, are integral to achieving

the Clientèle purpose of “Safeguarding your world… with compassion.”

Also refer to the Group Social and Ethics Report on pages 53 to 57.:

Managing Director on an annual basis.

The Board is mandated to discharge its duties by ensuring that it has fulfilled its responsibilities as set out above.

2.6 Independence of the Board

By adhering to a number of key principles, the Board’s independence from Excom is ensured:

• The Board has twelve Directors (including one Alternate Director), eight of whom are Non-executive of which

five are Independent Non-executive Directors. Included in the twelve Directors is Mr. GK Chadwick, the

Alternate Director to Dr. ADT Enthoven;

• The Board has considered the independence of the Non-executive Directors and has held discussions with

them and is of the opinion that they are Independent in their actions, judgment and conduct: They have also

been found Independent in fact and in perception by the Board;

• Clientèle has an Independent Non-executive Chairman;

• The roles of Group Chairman and Group: Managing

Managing Director and Company Secretary, the Board meeting schedule

and agenda to take full account of the important issues facing the Group and the concerns of all Directors, and

ensuring that adequate time is available for thorough discussion of critical and strategic issues;

• Ensuring that the Board is properly briefed on issues arising at Board meetings and receives, in a timely manner,

adequate information which must be accurate, clear, complete and reliable, to fulfil its duties, such as reports

on the Group’s performance, the issues, challenges and opportunities facing the Group, and matters reserved

for it to make decisions on;

• Ensuring that there is effective communication with shareholders and other stakeholders, and that each Director

develops and maintains an understanding of the stakeholders’ views; and,

• Establishing good corporate governance practices and procedures and promoting the highest standards of

integrity and corporate governance throughout the Group and particularly at Board level.

Mr. Routledge is a member of the Group Audit Committee, and is also a member of the Group Risk, Group

Investment, Group Remuneration and Group Nominations Committees. The Board is of the opinion that

Mr. Routledge’s contribution to the Group Audit Committee is invaluable to the Group.

Mr. Routledge was appointed as Chairman of the Board of Clientèle on 31 January 2008. Mr. Routledge’s notice

period is six months.

Mr. Routledge is allowed to hold outside professional positions and commitments and discloses these positions

to the Group Nominations Committee on an annual basis and whenever there have been significant changes in

outside appointments and commitments.

The Board is of the opinion that there is no need for a Lead Independent Director due to the size of the Company

and the Group, as well as the size and structure of the Board Committees.:

Managing Director

Mr. Basil William Reekie is the: Managing Director of Clientèle. Mr. Reekie’s notice period is six months.

Mr. Reekie is a Fellow of the ASSA and has no other professional commitments. A succession plan is in place

for the position of Group Managing Director.

2.10 Executive Directors

There were no payments made relating to the sign-on or termination of employment to any Executive Directors.

2.11 Group Company Secretary

Mrs. W van Zyl was appointed as Group Company Secretary on 1 July 2006 and is a qualified Chartered

Accountant. The Group Company Secretary provides support and guidance to the Board on matters relating to

governance across the Group. She assists the Board as a whole, and Directors individually, with detailed guidance

as to how their responsibilities should be properly discharged in the best interests of the Group. She facilitates,

where necessary, induction and training for Directors and assists the Group Managing Director in determining the

annual meeting timetable.

The Board, on a biennial basis, assesses the competence, qualifications and experience of the Group Company

Secretary, as required in terms of the Listings Requirements and has agreed that she is sufficiently qualified,

competent and experienced to hold her position as Group Company Secretary. This assessment is done through

a questionnaire completed by every Board member.

The Group Company Secretary is not a Director. Therefore, the Board is satisfied that the Group Company

Secretary maintains an arm’s length relationship with the Executive team, the Board and individual Directors in

terms of the Listings Requirements.

Mrs. van Zyl has resigned as Company Secretary, effective 31 October 2022. Mr. E. Smit was appointed Company

Secretary effective 1 November 2022. Mr. Smit is currently the Head of Group Legal, a position that he has held

since 2018. Mr. Smit is an admitted non-practicing attorney and holds an LLB qualification, amongst other

qualifications. The Board is satisfied that Mr. Smit has the necessary experience, qualifications and expertise to

take up the position of Company Secretary.

The Group Company Secretary is also the secretary to the majority of the Board Committees.

2.12 Directors’ Interests

The shareholding of Directors appear on page 52 in the Group Remuneration Report.

2.13 Share Dealing by Directors and Senior Personnel

Clientèle has implemented a code relating to share dealing by Directors and all personnel who, by virtue of the key

positions they hold, have comprehensive knowledge of the Group’s affairs. The code imposes closed periods to

prohibit dealing in Clientèle securities before the announcement of mid-year and year-end financial results or in any

other period considered price sensitive, in compliance with the requirements of the Financial Markets Act, 2012,

and the Listings Requirements in respect of dealings by Directors. The Group Company Secretary undertakes the

administration required to ensure compliance with this code under the direction of the

Managing Director attends all meetings

by invitation

• Refer to pages 73 to 74 for members’

qualifications and experience

• The composition and responsibilities of this

Committee are aligned to the Prudential Standard

GOI 2 – Governance of Insurers

Assessment:

• At least every second year

• Satisfactory rating in September 2021

Conclusion:

Satisfied that the Committee has fulfilled its

responsibilities in accordance with the Terms of

Reference for the reporting period.

2022 KEY FOCUS AREAS

• The Group Remuneration Committee assists the Board in ensuring that:

–

The Group remunerates Directors and Executives fairly and responsibly;

–

The levels of increases given to staff and management are appropriately reviewed; and,

–

The disclosure of remuneration is accurate, complete and transparent.

• Overseeing the remuneration policy and ensuring that it promotes the achievement of strategic

objectives and Group targets;

• Reviewing the outcomes of implementation of the remuneration policy in terms of achievement of set

objectives;

• Benchmarking Executive remuneration;

• Ensuring the mix of fixed and variable pay meets the Group’s strategic objectives and needs;

• Satisfying itself as to the accuracy of performance measures that govern vesting and payment of

incentives and bonuses;

• Ensuring that all benefits are justified and correctly valued;

• Considering and evaluating the performance of the Group: Managing

Managing Director (who is a member of this Committee) whether any additional

professional positions may be taken up by the Group: Managing

Managing Director and the Group Financial Director on

attesting to an adequate internal financial control environment in compliance with the JSE Listings Requirements' section

3.84(k). Even effective systems of internal, financial and operating controls, no matter how well designed, have inherent

limitations, including the possibility of circumventing or overriding such controls. Such systems can therefore not be

expected to provide absolute assurance. Effective systems of internal, financial and operating controls, therefore, aim to

provide reasonable assurance as to the reliability of financial information and, in particular, of the Annual Financial

Statements.

Moreover, changes in the business and operating environment could have an impact on the effectiveness of such

controls which, accordingly, are reviewed and reassessed regularly.

The Group maintains internal, financial and operating controls that are designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding:

• The safeguarding of assets against unauthorised use or dispossession;

• Compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

• The maintenance of proper accounting records and the integrity and reliability of financial information; and,

• Detection and minimisation of fraud, potential liability, loss and material misstatements.

GIA assists in providing the Board and Excom with monitoring mechanisms for identifying risks and assessing controls

appropriate to managing such risks.

The Board has not been made aware of any issue that would constitute a material breakdown in the functioning of these

controls up to the date of this report. The Board Report on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls is set out on page 35.

7.

COMPLIANCE

The primary role of the Group Compliance function is to minimise regulatory risk by assisting management to comply with

statutory, regulatory and supervisory requirements. The Compliance function facilitates the monitoring of and the

management of compliance through the analysis of statutory and regulatory requirements and the implementation of the

required systems, processes and procedures.:

Managing Director and Financial Director

Each of the Directors, whose names are stated below, hereby confirm that:

1.

The Group Annual Financial Statements, set out on pages 89 to 170, fairly present in all material respects the financial

position, financial performance and cash flows of the issuer in terms of IFRS;

2.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, no facts have been omitted or untrue statements made that would make the

Group Annual Financial Statements false or misleading;

3.

Internal financial controls have been put in place to ensure that material information relating to the issuer and its consolidated

subsidiaries have been provided to effectively prepare the Group Annual Financial Statements of the issuer;

4.

The internal financial controls are adequate and effective and can be relied upon in compiling the Group Annual Financial

Statements, having fulfilled our role and function as Executive Directors with primary responsibility for implementation and

execution of controls;

5.

Where we are not satisfied, we have disclosed to the Group Audit Committee and the Auditors any deficiencies in design

and operational effectiveness of the internal financial controls, and have taken steps to remedy the deficiencies; and,

6.

We are not aware of any fraud involving Directors.

Mr. BW Reekie

Mr. IB Hume

Group: Managing Director

Group Financial Director

19 September 2022

Group Audit Committee Report on the

Effectiveness of Internal Financial Controls

The Group Audit Committee is pleased to present its report for the financial year ended 30 June 2022. Based on the review of

the Group’s system of internal financial controls and risk management, including the:

• Design;

• Implementation; and,

• Effectiveness

conducted by GIA during the 2022 year and considering:

• Information and explanations given by management;

• Discussions with the External Auditor on the results of their audit; and,

• Discussions at Group Risk Committee meetings, attended by the CAE,

nothing has come to the attention of the Group Audit Committee that caused it to believe that the Group’s system of internal

financial controls and risk management are not effective and that the internal financial controls do not form a sound basis for

the preparation of reliable Group Annual Financial Statements.

Mr. BA Stott

Managing Director and can change the payment upwards or downwards for

individuals or all participants at its discretion.

Performance

measures

The award for all participants is determined on the basis of Clientèle’s

performance as well as individual performance assessments measured against

key measurement factors determined at the beginning of the year. Key

measurement factors considered for Group Excom include the following:

• Group profits;

• Managing Withdrawals;

• Production and Quality of New Business;

• Developing new distribution channels;

• Lead creation;

• Focus on Authenticated Collections;

• Building brand and other marketing activities;

• Innovation;

• Smooth functioning of relevant business areas;

• Improving culture and level of client service;

• Staff Management and Treating Employees Well;

• Staff development and stability;

• Succession planning;

• Expense management;

• Strategic input and Executive contribution;

• Fintech, automation, digital strategy;

• System stability;

• IT Governance;

• Hardware development and planning;

• Attainment of appropriate B-BBEE certification;

• TCW;

• Maintaining appropriate service levels and standards;

• Transformation;

• Compliance;

• Living the values; and,

• Key staff retention.

The key measurement factors are different in weight depending on the role of

the participant and do not all apply to each and every participant. The key

measurement factors also contribute to the final awards for the EV incentive.

Key measurement

scores of Group

Excom for 2022

Ranged from 83.5% to 92% (2021: 70% to 93%)

Maximum value of

annual incentive

earned and paid

for 2022

6 Months (2021: 6 months)

Group Excom

4 Months (2021: 4 months)

Excom

2 Months (2021: 2 months)

Members of Management

The amounts are expressed as multiples of the monthly salaries.

Changes for 2022

No changes this year and no changes currently expected in future years.:

Managing Director and

subject to Group Remuneration Committee approval.

Operation

The EV incentive element incentivises participants over the medium-term for

performance over and above that for which they are remunerated and

incentivised for under Clientèle’s standard remuneration and short-term

bonus policy.

The EV Scheme is based on growth in EV, as certified by Clientèle’s External

Actuaries and approved by the Group Remuneration Committee, and vests

and is payable over a four-year period. The EV Scheme is split into two pools.

Pool 1 is calculated as a percentage (5%) of adjusted REVE. Pool 2 is based

on out-performance of adjusted REVE over a defined hurdle rate at a

participation level of 5.6%. Each participant’s share in the pool is set at an

initial level at the beginning of the year and then adjusted up or down based

on individual performance during the year. The Group Remuneration

Committee is entitled to allocate 100% of the pool to the participants;

however, this has not been done to date with such lesser amount allocated

based on circumstances. Each participant’s share in the pool is determined

annually, it is then paid out in four equal annual payments with the first annual

payment being at the time of the amount of the pool being determined. There

is a “clawback” on Pool 1 if the pre-determined assumptions are not met,

which is deducted from non-vested amounts earned but not yet paid.

Performance

measures

Each participant’s allocation within the pool is determined (on a provisional

basis) at the beginning of the year. The ultimate allocation will be similar to the

initial allocation; however, it may be adjusted upwards or downwards based

on the individual’s performance during the year. Performance is assessed both

on financial and non-financial elements.

Maximum value of

annual incentive

for 2022

There is no specific cap, however, the quantum of the bonus pool and the

amounts per individual are approved by the Group Remuneration Committee.

Changes for 2022

No changes this year and no changes currently expected in future years.:

Managing Director and the Chairman of the Board recommend the Non-executive Director fees to the

Group Remuneration Committee for approval subsequent to periodic input by external independent advisers

regarding benchmark studies based on the same competitive group used for Executive Directors’ remuneration.

The remuneration packages of the Non-executive Directors comprise a Directors fee. Non-executive Directors do

not qualify to participate in any Bonus or Incentive Scheme (including the BR Scheme).

The performance of Non-executive Directors is assessed by Group Excom. The Non-executive Director’s fees are

approved at the AGM.

7.

NON-BINDING ADVISORY VOTE

Shareholders are requested to cast a non-binding advisory vote on part 2 of this Remuneration Report.:

Managing Director –

BW Reekie1

1

7,855

3,574

5,757

7,022

24,208: Managing

Managing Director

– BW Reekie1

1

7,488

3,482

5,700

–

–

16,670

Group Financial Director

– IB Hume1

1

4,742

2,158

3,618

–

–

10,518

Director – B Frodsham1

1

2,808

1,123

1,867

5,798

Director – H Louw1

1

4,493

2,044

3,732

–

–

10,269

Director – RDT Tabane1

1

2,246

1,011

1,727

–

–

4,984

Balance of Group Excom

6

13,874

5,673

9,977

–

–

29,524

Balance of Excom5

19

24,836

5,786

8,311

–

–

38,933

Total

30

60,488

21,277

34,932

–

–

116,696

(R’000)

Base

salary2

Short-term

Incentive

EV

Scheme

Special

bonus

Goodwill

Scheme3

Total

Average for the Balance of Group Excom

2,312

945

1,663

–

–

4,921

Average for the Balance of Excom

1,307

305

437

–

–

2,049

PAID 2021

(R’000)

Category

Number of

individuals

paid during

the period

Base

salary2

Short-term

Incentive

EV

Scheme4

Special

bonus

Goodwill

Scheme3

Total

Group: Managing

Managing Director, Group Financial Director, Chief Risk Officer, CAE, External Auditors and other assurance

providers attend meetings by invitation only.

During the year six meetings were held.

Members

Number of meetings held

Number

attended

BA Stott (Chairperson)

6

6

RD Williams

6

GQ Routledge

6

LED Hlatshwayo

6

Appointed by:

• Shareholders at the AGM

Authority:

• Shareholders

• Report to shareholders through the Integrated Annual Report

and at the AGM

• Refer to page 73 to 74 for member's qualifications and

experience

Assessment:

• At least every second year

• Satisfactory rating in September 2021

The Chairman of the Group Audit Committee attended the AGM held during this reporting period. The effectiveness of

the Group Audit Committee and its members is assessed on a biennial basis. The most recent assessment carried out

did not highlight any significant matters of concern.

3.

ROLE, RESPONSIBILITIES AND FULFILMENT THEREOF

3.1 Statutory Duties

The Group Audit Committee’s role and responsibilities include statutory duties in terms of the Companies Act,

Long-term Insurance Act, Short-term Insurance Act, Insurance Act, JSE Listing Requirements, Prudential

Standards and further responsibilities assigned to it by the Board.

The Group Audit Committee executed its duties in terms of the requirements of King IV.:

letter, and budgeted fees for the 2022 financial year

and actual audit fees for the 2021 financial year.

There is a formal procedure that governs the process whereby the External Auditor is considered for non-audit

services and the Group has approved a policy relating to non-audit services performed by the External Auditor,

which is reviewed on an annual basis. The Group Audit Committee approved the terms of a master service

agreement for the provision of non-audit services by the External Auditor, and approved the nature and extent of

non-audit services that the External Auditor may provide in terms of the agreed pre-approval policy. The Group

Audit Committee approved the fees paid for non-audit services up to the date of this report.

The Group Audit Committee has nominated, for election at the next AGM, Deloitte as the External Audit firm and

Mr. John Leon Preston Kruger as the designated External Auditor responsible for performing the functions of

External Auditor for the 2023 financial year. In terms of section 92 of the Companies Act, the designated Auditor

is required to rotate every five years. The Group Audit Committee has satisfied itself that the External Audit firm

and designated Auditor are accredited as such on the JSE list of Auditors and their advisors.

The External Auditor has confirmed that no reportable irregularities have been reported up to the date of this report.

Group Annual Financial Statements, Group Preliminary Results and Accounting Practices

The Group Audit Committee has reviewed the accounting policies, the condensed Group results for the six months

to 31 December 2021, the preliminary Group results for the year ended 30 June 2022 and the Group Annual

Financial Statements for the year ended 30 June 2022 and is satisfied that they are appropriate and comply with

IFRS. A formal written report to the Committee on estimates and judgments used in the preparation of the Group

Annual Financial Statements was reviewed and approved.

The Group Audit Committee was satisfied that issues identified in the report on pro-active monitoring of Group

Annual Financial Statements, issued by the JSE during the year, were complied with where relevant.

The Group Audit Committee was satisfied that appropriate financial reporting procedures exist and are effective,

including those of all entities included in the consolidated Group IFRS financial statements.

The dividend for the year was considered by the Group Audit Committee and recommended to the Board for

approval.

The Group Annual Financial Statements have been recommended to the Board for approval.

The Group Audit Committee did not receive any complaints from within or outside the Group relating to accounting

practices, GIA or the content or audit of the Group Annual Financial Statements, or to any related matter.

Internal Controls and Internal Financial Controls

The Group Audit Committee has overseen a process by which GIA was requested to provide a written assessment

of the effectiveness of the Group’s system of internal control and risk management, including internal financial

controls. This written assessment by GIA formed the basis for the Group Audit Committee’s recommendation in

this regard to the Board, in order for the Board to report thereon. The Group Audit Committee Report on the

Effectiveness of Internal Financial Controls is included on page 36. The Board Report on the Effectiveness of

Internal Controls is included on page 35.

The Group Audit Committee oversees the processes implemented for the sign-off on the internal financial controls

by the Group: Managing

letter and authorised the Group

Financial Director to sign the: letter.

The Group Audit Committee met with the External Auditors without management being present. The

Managing Director

19 September 2022

Approval of the Annual Financial Statements

Certificate by the Company Secretary

I, Wilna van Zyl, being the Company Secretary of Clientèle, certify that the Company has, for the year under review, lodged all

returns required of a Public Company with the Registrar of Companies, and that all such returns are, to the best of my

knowledge and belief, true, correct and up to date.

Mrs. W van Zyl

Company Secretary

19 September 2022:

Managing Director), BSc(Hons), FASSA

Mr. Basil Reekie is a qualified actuary who joined Clientèle on 1 January 2008 and was the: Managing Director of Clientèle

Life (the major subsidiary of Clientèle) from May 2008 until June 2020 and has been the Managing Director of Clientèle

since 1 July 2013. Prior to joining Clientèle, Mr. Basil Reekie was the Managing Executive of QED Actuaries and

Consultants where he was responsible for the day-to-day operations of QED and consulted to numerous life insurance

companies in South Africa and across the African continent. As a consultant, he acted in the capacity of Statutory

Actuary for many of these companies.

Adrian Domonic t’Hooft Enthoven, 53, (Non-executive Director), BA Hons in Politics, Philosophy and Economics,

PhD in Political Science

Dr. Adrian Enthoven is Executive

Managing Director of QED

Actuaries and Consultants (providing actuarial services to life insurers, short-term insurers, retirement funds). Mr. Robert

Williams has over 26 years’ experience acting as the appointed Head of the Actuarial Function to various life insurance

companies in Southern Africa.

Gavin Knighton Chadwick, 65, (Alternate Non-executive Director), Masters in Agricultural Management, MBA

Mr. Gavin Chadwick was appointed as an Alternate Non-executive Director of Clientèle with effect 2 October 2019.

Mr. Chadwick is an alternate Director to Dr. ADT Enthoven and is currently the Head of Investments of Yellowwoods

Ventures Investments SA (Pty) Ltd. Mr. Chadwick has over 3 decades experience in the financial services industry.

Dumisa Hlatshwayo, 55, (Independent Non-executive Director) CA(SA)

Mr. Dumisa Hlatshwayo was appointed as a Non-executive Director of Clientèle with effect 1 February 2020.

Mr. Hlatshwayo was previously the Chief Financial Officer of South African Forestry Company Limited and further has

extensive experience in the financial services industry.

Phethedi Gideon Nkadimeng, 50, (Non-executive Director), B Sc (Statistics and Economics)

Mr. Gideon Nkadimeng was appointed as a Non-executive Director of Clientèle with effect 1 March 2017. Mr. Nkadimeng

is currently the Investment Executive of Yellowwoods Ventures Investments SA (Pty) Ltd and has extensive experience in

the financial services industry.

Hugo Louw, 49, (Executive Director), BCom(Hons), FASSA

Mr. Louw joined Clientèle in 2013 as Head of Operations. Mr. Louw was appointed as a Director of Clientèle Life in

July 2016 and appointed as: Managing

Letter of support: Clientèle has agreed to provide financial assistance to CBC Rewards, Clientèle Mobile & Clientèle

Properties North for the foreseeable future, until such time as both the companies’ assets fairly valued exceed their

liabilities.

Nedbank guarantee: Clientèle’s Board approved the granting of a guarantee on 13 February 2015 in favour of Nedbank

Limited of R100.0 million in respect of a Term Credit Facility for Clientèle Properties East.

Depfin guarantee: Clientèle Limited has, in prior years, provided financial assistance resulting in a gross exposure of

R374 million (2021: R374 million) and a net exposure through guarantees of R200 million (2021: R200 million) for the

purchase of approximately 9.0% (2021: 8.97%) of Clientèle’s issued shares (“Ordinary Shares”) by YTI.

A preference share funding arrangement was entered into in the 2021 financial year and the guarantee covenant was

formally renegotiated with Depfin to include an EV per share covenant in addition to the Market Value per share covenant.

42. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE

Dividend

The Board declared a final gross dividend of 120.00 cents per share on 26 August 2022 for the year ended 30 June 2022.

The dividend is subject to DWT.

Notes to the Annual Financial Statements continued:

Letter of Representation.

Beneficial owners who have dematerialised their shares through a CSDP or broker who do not wish to attend the AGM,

must provide the CSDP or broker by the time of the commencement of the AGM with their voting instructions in terms

of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker.

2.

A holder entitled to attend and vote may insert the name of a proxy or the names of two alternative proxies of the holder’s

choice in the space provided, with or without deleting “the Chairman of the AGM”.

A proxy need not be a holder of the Company. The person whose name stands first on the form of proxy and who is

present at the meeting will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of those whose names follow.

3.

A holder is entitled to one vote on a show of hands and, on a poll, one vote in respect of each ordinary share held in

terms of section 58 of the Companies Act. A holder’s instructions to the proxy must be indicated by inserting a cross in

the appropriate box(es). Failure to comply with this will be deemed to authorise the proxy to vote or to abstain from voting

at the general meeting as he deems fit in respect of all the holder’s votes.

A vote given in terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid in relation to the general meeting notwithstanding the death

of the person granting it, or the revocation of the proxy, or the transfer of the ordinary shares in respect of which the vote

is given.

4.

If a holder does not indicate on this form that the holder’s or his/her proxy is to vote in favour or against any resolution or

to abstain from voting, or gives contradictory instructions, or should any further resolution(s) or any amendment(s) which

may be properly put before the general meeting be proposed, the proxy shall be entitled to vote as he/she thinks fit.

5.

The Chairman of the general meeting may reject or accept any form of proxy which is completed and/or received other

than in compliance with these notes.

6.

The completion and lodging of this form of proxy will not preclude the relevant holder from attending the meeting and

speaking and voting in person thereat to the exclusion of any proxy appointed in terms hereof, should such holder wish

to do so.

7.

Documentary evidence establishing the authority of a person signing the proxy form in a representative capacity must

be attached to this form of proxy, unless previously recorded by the Company or unless this requirement is waived by

the Chairman of the AGM.

8.

A minor or any other person under legal incapacity must be assisted by his/her parent or guardian, as applicable, unless

the relevant documents establishing his/her capacity are produced or have been registered with the Company.

9.

Where there are joint holders of ordinary securities: Any one holder may sign the form of proxy;

The vote(s) of the most senior (for that purpose seniority will be determined by the order in which the names of

shareholders appear in the Company’s register of shareholders) who tenders a vote (whether in person or by proxy) will

be accepted to the exclusion of the vote(s) of the other joint holder(s).

10.

Forms of proxy should be lodged with or posted to the Company’s transfer secretaries, Computershare Investor Services

Proprietary Limited:

Hand deliveries:

Postal deliveries:

Rosebank Towers

Private Bag X9000

15 Biermann Ave

Saxonwold

Rosebank

2132

Johannesburg

2196:

