managing director until 2008

when he re-joined IP. Darryl has since held

various leadership roles within IP including,

the Head of Retail Developments and the

Head of the South African Trading and

Development business until his

appointment as joint chief executive officer

of the Fund on 1 December 2018. Darryl

serves on the boards of the Green Building

Council and the South African Council of

Shopping Centres.

Nationality

Relevant skills and experience

Having joined the Investec Property

Fund executive management team

in August 2012, Andrew has been

instrumental in growing the Fund from

R2 billion of local assets to its current

portfolio comprising R22.1 billion of direct

and indirect real estate investments

located across South Africa and Western

Europe. Andrew fulfilled the role of

chief financial officer from August 2015

until 1 December 2018 when he became

joint chief executive officer of the Fund.

This position is a culmination of Andrew’s

commercial, corporate finance and

property industry experience, leveraging

his skill as a qualified chartered accountant

for the benefit of the Fund through all

aspects of M&A opportunities, corporate

activity, financial structuring and asset

positioning to ensure consistent business

growth, efficient capital recycling

and industry leading returns. Prior to

this, Andrew spent eight years in London

where he qualified as a Chartered

Accountant, worked in corporate finance

and later headed up the team at Caesars

Entertainment UK that was responsible

for driving profitability and rolling out new

business opportunities across the EMEA

region.

Nationality

Relevant skills and experience

Zaida was appointed as the

company’s chief financial officer from

1 December 2020. She is a qualified

chartered accountant with over 16 years

of senior financial and investment

experience, spanning a diverse range

of sectors including property, banking,

private equity, food and agriculture.

Prior to joining the Fund, she was a

finance executive at Oceana Group

Limited, managing the treasury, finance

shared services and investor relations

department as well as serving on the

board of directors of Liberty Two Degrees

Limited as independent, non-executive

director and chairperson of their audit and

risk committee.

*

Zaida Adams resigned on 18 May 2022 and

stepped down from the board of directors and

her role as chief financial officer (CFO) with

effect from 30 June 2022.

Nationality

Relevant skills and experience

Moss has served as a director on the board

of the Fund since 2011 and acted as the

Lead Independent non-executive director

since 2016. Prior to 1994, Moss was

involved in economic policy formulation

as part of the ANC’s economic policy

division and joined the Presidency as

Economic Advisor to Deputy and later

President Mbeki from 1995 to 2000. He is

currently the deputy chair and CEO of

Safika Holdings (Pty) Ltd, a substantial

investment holding company which he

formed in 1994. Moss serves on the boards

of Sephaku Holdings Ltd, The Nelson

Mandela Children’s Hospital and other

unlisted subsidiaries and associates of

Safika Holdings.

Nationality

Relevant skills and experience

Sam has over 44 years of experience

across all sectors of the property industry

with 30 years at Investec Property (Pty)

Ltd, firstly as a director, then managing

director and deputy chair, and currently

contracted in an advisory capacity.

He was a founder of Growthpoint and

its transformation into South Africa’s

largest listed property REIT and was a

director until Investec sold its interests

in October 2007. Sam also served on

the board of the South African Property

Owners’ Association (SAPOA). He retired

as CEO of the Fund on 31 March 2015,

having held this position since its listing

on the JSE in April 2011. He remains on

the board as non-executive director

and chair of the investment committee.

Sam was a key driver of the formation

of the Investec Australia Property Fund

and was a non-executive director

from its initial listing in October 2013

until its transformation into Irongate

Group in 2019.

Nationality

Relevant skills and experience

Philip gained over 38 years of experience

at the global professional services firm,

EY (formerly Ernst & Young). Between

2010 and 2014 he served as the Regional

Managing Partner, Central & South Eastern

Europe, and prior to that he was the

Regional Managing Partner, Sub-Saharan

Africa and CEO South Africa. He currently

serves as non-executive board chair of

Aveng Ltd and non-executive board chair

of Investec Ltd and Investec plc. He is a

member and past chair of the board of

the South African Institute of Chartered

Accountants (SAICA).

Committee membership key

I Investment committee

N Nominations committee

S Social and ethics committee

A Audit and risk committee

22

23

02

02

Investec Property Fund Limited

INVESTEC PROPERTY FUND AT A GLANCE

INVESTEC PROPERTY FUND AT A GLANCE

Investec Property Fund Limited:

managing director from

2005 to date. Black Like Me is currently a

subsidiary of Amka Products. She served

as a trustee of Deutsche Bank Africa

Foundation from 2009 to 2014.

She serves as non-executive chair

of The Energy Company (Pty) Ltd,

non-executive chair of GIB Insurance

Brokers, Chair of African Equity Corporation

(Pty) Ltd and trustee of Investec

Development Trust. She has attended

executive leadership programmes at

Harvard Business School and is a fellow

member of the Institute of Directors of SA.

Nationality

Relevant skills and experience

Jenna Sprenger joined the Fund in

August 2014, and has always been an

integral part of the management and

growth of the business. She previously

fulfilled the role of chief financial

officer from 1 December 2018 to

30 November 2020. She stepped back

at the time in order to spend more time

with her young family. Jenna continued

her journey with the Fund, remaining part

of the executive management team and

Non-executive directors continued

retaining responsibly for various facets

of the business, including balance sheet

and treasury management and driving

the Environmental Social Governance

(“ESG”) strategy. Prior to joining the

Fund, Jenna was the financial manager

at Annuity Properties Limited, which she

joined shortly after it listed until its sale

to Redefine Properties. Post-graduation,

Jenna completed her accounting

articles and gained experience at

KPMG Johannesburg and KPMG New York.

*

Jenna was appointed as interim chief financial

officer with effect from 1 July 2022.

Committee membership key

I Investment committee

N Nominations committee

S Social and ethics committee

A Audit and risk committee

02

02

Investec Property Fund Limited

INVESTEC PROPERTY FUND AT A GLANCE

INVESTEC PROPERTY FUND AT A GLANCE

Investec Property Fund Limited:

letter

of appointment. Among other things, this: letter sets out their duties, responsibilities

and expected time commitments. It also

provides details of the Fund’s policy

on obtaining independent advice and,

where appropriate, details of the board

committees on which the non-executive

director will serve.

Board and committee meetings attendance

letter of representation to do so.

Every shareholder present in person or represented by proxy

and entitled to vote shall, on a show of hands, have only one vote

irrespective of the number of shares such shareholder holds.

On a poll, every shareholder present in person or represented by

proxy and entitled to vote shall be entitled to one vote for each

share such shareholder holds.

Presentation of annual financial statements

To present to shareholders:

–

the audited annual financial statements of the Company for the

year ended 31 March 2022, together with:

–

the reports of the directors and the auditors;

–

the report by the chair of the audit and risk committee; and

–

the report by the chair of the social and ethics committee.

The complete set of the audited annual financial statements,

together with the abovementioned reports, are set out on

pages 93 to 165 of the 2022 integrated annual report.

To consider and, if deemed fit, to pass, with or without

modification, the following ordinary and special resolutions

of the Company:

1.

To elect Carol WN Molope as a director of the Company,

in accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum of

Incorporation of the Company.

2. To elect Jenna C Sprenger as a director of the Company,

in accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum of

Incorporation of the Company.

3. To re-elect Sam R Leon, as a director of the Company in

accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum of

Incorporation of the Company.

4. To re-elect Constance M Mashaba, as a director of

the Company in accordance with the provisions of the

Memorandum of Incorporation of the Company.

5. To re-elect Nicholas P Riley, as a director of the Company

in accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum of

Incorporation of the Company.

For brief biographical details of the directors to be elected

or re-elected refer to pages 22 to 25 of the 2022 integrated

annual report.

6. To elect Carol WN Molope as a member of the audit and risk

committee, with effect from the end of this AGM, in terms of

section 94(2) of the Act, subject to her election as director.

7.

To elect Constance M Mashaba as a member of the audit

and risk committee, with effect from the end of this AGM,

in terms of section 94(2) of the Act, subject to her re-election

as director.

8. To elect Khumo L Shuenyane, as a member of the audit and

risk committee, with effect from the end of this AGM, in terms

of section 94(2) of the Act.

The members of the audit and risk committee have been

nominated by the board of the Company for election as

members of the Company’s audit and risk committee in terms

of section 94(2) of the Act. The board has reviewed the

proposed composition of the audit and risk committee against

the requirements of the Act and the Regulations under the

Act and has confirmed that if all the individuals referred to

above are elected, the committee will comply with the relevant

requirements and have the necessary knowledge, skills and

experience to enable it to perform its duties in terms of the Act.

9. To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc., 4 Lisbon Lane,

Waterfall City, Jukskei View, 2090 (Private Bag X36, Sunninghill,

2157) as independent external auditor of the Company, until

such time as the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company.

In terms of section 90(1) of the Act, each year at its AGM,

the Company must appoint an auditor who complies with the

requirements of section 90(2) of the Act. Following a detailed

review, which included an assessment of its independence,

the current audit and risk committee of the Company has

recommended that PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. be appointed

as the auditor of the Company.

10. To authorise any director or the company secretary of the

Company to do all things and sign all documents which may be

necessary to carry into effect the resolutions contained in this

notice to the extent the same have been passed and, where

applicable, filed.

11. Directors’ authority to issue shares specifically in relation to a

Dividend Reinvestment Plan::

letter on the adequacy of the working capital in

terms of the JSE Listings Requirements, prior to the

commencement of any acquisition of the Company’s

shares on the open market.

Directors’ responsibility statement

The directors, whose names appear on page 76 of the 2022

integrated annual report, collectively and individually accept

full responsibility for the accuracy of the information given

pertaining to this special resolution No 2 and certify that, to

the best of their knowledge and belief, there are no facts that

have been omitted which would make any statement false

or misleading and that all reasonable enquiries to ascertain

such facts have been made and that the special resolution

contains all information required by law and the JSE Listings

Requirements.

Material changes

Other than the facts and developments reported on in the 2022

integrated annual report, there have been no material changes in

the affairs or financial position of the Company since the date of

signature of the audit report and up to the date of this notice of

AGM of the Company.

The following additional information is provided in terms of the

JSE Listings Requirements for purposes of the general authority:

–

Largest shareholders: page 171 of the 2022 integrated annual

report

–

Directors: page 76 of the 2022 integrated annual report

–

Issued capital of the Company: page 171 of the 2022

integrated annual report.

15. Special resolution No 3: Non-executive directors’ remuneration:

Resolved that:

–

In terms of section 66(9) of the Companies Act, No. 71 of

2008, as amended (the Act), fees to be paid by the Company

to the non-executive directors for their services as directors,

exclusive of VAT, be and are hereby approved as follows::

letter of representation to do so, or should you not wish

to attend the annual general meeting in person, you must timeously provide your CSDP or broker with your voting instruction in order for

the CSDP or broker to vote in accordance with your instruction at the annual general meeting.

Signed at:

on

2022

Signature:

Assisted by me where applicable:

Name:

Capacity:

Signature:

Please read the notes that follow.

Notes and summary of rights under section 58 of the

Companies Act 2008

1.

A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the annual

general meeting is entitled to appoint any one or more

individual (who need not be a shareholder of the Company)

as a proxy to attend, speak and vote in his place at the annual

general meeting, provided that, if more than one proxy is

concurrently appointed by a shareholder, each proxy is

appointed to exercise the rights attached to different shares

held by that shareholder. Such shareholder may insert the

name of a proxy or the names of two alternative proxies of the

shareholder’s choice in the space provided, with or

without deleting ‘the chair of the meeting’, provided that any

such deletion must be signed in full by the shareholder. The

person whose name stands first on the proxy form and who is

present at the annual general meeting will be entitled to act as

proxy to the exclusion of those whose names follow. Should a

proxy not be specified, this will be exercised by the chair of

the annual general meeting.

2. A shareholder or his proxy shall have one vote for every share

held. You are not obliged either to cast all your votes or to cast

all your votes in the same way. Please instruct your proxy how

to vote by either:

•

Marking the appropriate box with an ‘X’ next to the

resolution (i.e. in favour of and/or against and/or by way of

abstention), in which event the proxy will cast all your

votes in the manner so specified; or

•

Setting out the number of votes to be cast in the

appropriate box next to the resolution, provided that, if for

any resolution the aggregate number of votes to be cast

would exceed the total number of shares held, you will be

deemed to have given no specific instruction as to how

you wish your proxy to vote in respect of that resolution.

Your proxy will have discretion to vote in respect of your total

holding on any resolution on which you have not (or are

deemed not to have) given specific instruction as to how to

vote and, unless instructed otherwise, on any business which

may properly come before the meeting.

3. The date must be filled in on this form of proxy when it

is signed.

4. If you are signing in a representative capacity, whether for

another person or for an organisation, then, in order for this

form to be valid, you must include a power of attorney or other

written authority that authorises you to sign (or a certified

copy of such power or authority).

5. In the case of a company, the proxy form should either be

sealed by the Company or signed by a director or an

authorised signatory (and the provisions of paragraph 4 shall

apply to such authorised signatory).

6. In the case of joint shareholders, only one need sign.

If more than one joint shareholder votes, whether in person

or by proxy, only the most senior shareholder who casts a

vote, whether in person or by proxy, will be counted. For this

purpose, seniority is determined by the order in which

shareholders’ names appear in the securities register for

that share.

7.

Any alteration or correction made to this form of proxy must

be signed in full and not initialed by the signatory

or signatories.

8. A minor must be assisted by his/her parent/guardian and the

relevant documentary evidence establishing his/her legal

capacity must be attached to this form of proxy unless

previously recorded by the Company or waived by the chair of

the annual general meeting.

9. The chair of the annual general meeting may reject or accept

any form of proxy which is completed and/or received other

than in compliance with these notes.

10. The return of this form of proxy will not prevent you from

attending the meeting and voting in person.

11. A proxy may not delegate his/her authority to act on behalf of

the shareholder to another person.

12. The appointment of a proxy or proxies:

•

Is suspended at any time to the extent that the

shareholder chooses to act directly and in person in the

exercise of any rights as a shareholder;

•

Is revocable in which case the shareholder may revoke the

proxy appointment by:

–

Cancelling it in writing or making a later inconsistent

appointment of a proxy; and

–

Delivering a copy of the revocation instrument to the

proxy and to the Company.

13. Should the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies have been

delivered to the Company, as long as the appointment remains

in effect, any notice that is required by the Companies Act,

No. 71 of 2008, as amended, (the Act) or the Company’s

Memorandum of Incorporation to be delivered by such

Company to the shareholder, must be delivered by such

Company to:

•

the shareholder; or

•

the proxy or proxies, if the shareholder has directed the

Company to do so in writing and has paid any reasonable

fee charged by the Company for doing so.

14. The proxy appointment remains valid only until the end of the

relevant meeting at which it was intended to be used

(including any adjournment thereof), unless revoked as

contemplated in section 58(5) of the Act.

15. It is requested that this form of proxy be forwarded to the

Company’s transfer secretaries by no later than 09:00 on

Thursday, 28 July 2022:

Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited

Rosebank Towers

15 Biermann Avenue

Rosebank Johannesburg 2196

Private Bag X9000

Saxonwold 2132

proxy@computershare.co.za:

letter of representation

from their CSDP or broker to participate in and/or vote at the AGM by way of electronic means.

Application Form: Electronic participation in the AGM

Full name of shareholder:

Identity/registration number:

Email address:

Cell number:

Telephone number: (code): (number):

Number of ordinary shares in the Company:

Name of CSDP or broker (if shares are held in dematerialised form):

Contact number of CSDP/broker:

Contact person of CSDP/broker:

Number of share certificate (if applicable):

Signed at

on

2022

Signature of shareholder

Terms and conditions for participation in the AGM via electronic means

1.

Shareholders will be liable for their own network charges in relation to electronic participation in and/or voting at the AGM and it will

not be for the expense of the Company, the transfer secretaries or the JSE. Neither the Company, the transfer secretaries nor the

JSE will be held accountable in the case of loss of network connectivity or network failure due to insufficient airtime/internet

connectivity/power outages which would prevent a shareholder from participating in and/or voting at the AGM electronically.

2. The shareholder acknowledges that the electronic platform through which the AGM will be facilitated is provided by third parties and

indemnifies the Company against any loss, injury, damage, penalty or claim arising in any way from the use of the electronic platform,

whether or not the problem is caused by any act or omission on the part of the shareholder or anyone else.

3. A shareholder, participating in and/or voting at the AGM by means of electronic participation, acknowledges by signing this

application form, that he/she will have no claim against the Company, the transfer secretaries and the JSE, whether for consequential

damages or otherwise, arising from the use of the electronic platform or any defect in it or from total or partial failure of the electronic

platform and connections linking the shareholder via the electronic platform to the AGM.

4. An application to participate in the AGM electronically, utilising this application form, will only be deemed successful if this application

form, along with the submission of the necessary: letter of representation (if applicable), has been completed fully, signed by the

shareholder and submitted to the transfer secretaries of the Company as detailed above, prior to the commencement of the AGM and

such shareholder is verified (as required in terms of Section 63(1) of the Act).

