Letter: Presentation of pro forma financial

information dated 4 March 2010 and in accordance with

paragraphs 8.15 to 8.33 in the JSE Listings Requirements,

the Revised SAICA Guide on Pro forma Financial

Information (issued September 2014) and International

Standard on Assurance Engagement (“ISAE”) 3420 –

Assurance Engagements to Report on the Compilation of

Pro forma Financial Information included in a Prospectus,

to the extent applicable given the Non-IFRS Financial

Information’s nature. This pro forma financial information

has been reported on by KPMG Inc in terms of ISAE 3420

and their unmodified report is available for inspection on

the Ninety One website (www.ninetyone.com).

These non-IFRS measures, including reconciliations to their

nearest consolidated financial statements equivalents, are

as follows:

£ million

Full year

2022

Full year

2021

Net revenue

663.9

625.1

Adjusted for:

Silica third-party revenue

—

(18.9)

Foreign exchange gain/(loss)

1.2

(6.3)

Net gain on investments

1.2

15.6

Deferred employee benefit

scheme gain

(3.4)

(14.2)

Subletting income

(1.3)

—

Share of profit from associates

0.4

0.6

Other income

1.9

1.6

Adjusted operating revenue

663.9

603.5

Of which management fees

632.8

561.0

Of which performance fees

31.1

45.4

Of which foreign exchange

gain/(loss)

1.2

(6.3)

Of which other (loss)/income

(1.2)

3.4

£ million

Full year

2022

Full year

2021

Operating expenses

416.3

425.0

Adjusted for:

Silica net expenses

—

(17.2)

Share scheme net credit

18.1

—

Deferred employee benefit

scheme gain

(3.4)

(14.2)

Subletting income

(1.3)

—

Interest expense on lease liabilities

3.8

3.7

Adjusted operating expenses

433.5

397.3

£ million

Full year

2022

Full year

2021

Staff expenses

276.4

284.4

Adjusted for:

Silica staff expenses

—

(14.1)

Share scheme net credit

18.1

—

Other items

(0.1)

1.0

Employee remuneration

294.4

271.3

£ million

Full year

2022

Full year

2021

Adjusted operating revenue

663.9

603.5

Adjusted operating expenses

(433.5)

(397.3)

Adjusted operating profit

230.4

206.2

Adjusted operating profit margin

34.7%

34.2%

£ million

Full year

2022

Full year

2021

Net interest expense

(0.1)

(1.5)

Adjusted for:

Interest expense on lease liabilities

3.8

3.7

Adjusted net interest income

3.7

2.2

Foreign currency

The financial information is prepared in British pound

sterling. The results of operations and the financial

condition of individual companies are reported in the local

currencies of the countries in which they are domiciled,

including South African rand and US dollar. These results

are then translated into pounds sterling at the applicable

foreign currency exchange rates for inclusion in the

consolidated financial statements. The following table sets

out the movement in the relevant exchange rates against

pounds sterling for the twelve months ended 31 March

2021 and 2022.

31 March 2022

31 March 2021

Year end

Average

Year end

Average

SA rand

19.03

20.29

20.39

21.35

US dollar

1.31

1.37

1.38

1.31

47

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information:

Dear shareholders

I am pleased to introduce our Governance Report for the

financial year 2022. Effective corporate governance is

an integral part of our efforts to build a better firm and

contribute to a better world, in line with our corporate

purpose. This report sets out how the boards of Ninety One

plc and Ninety One Limited (together the “Board”) and our

committees operated and discharged their duties during

the year. It also details the governance framework for

Ninety One plc and its subsidiaries and Ninety One Limited

and its subsidiaries (together “Ninety One” or the “Group”),

and how we have applied the provisions of the UK

Corporate Governance Code (the “UK Code”) and the

South African King IV Code on Corporate Governance

(“King IV”).

Governance structure

Ninety One operates as a dual-listed company (“DLC”)

under a DLC structure with a governance framework

derived from and aligned to the requirements of the UK

Code and King IV. The DLC structure comprises Ninety One

plc and Ninety One Limited. Ninety One plc is a public

company incorporated in the UK, with a primary listing on

the LSE and a secondary listing on the JSE. Ninety One

Limited is a public company incorporated in South Africa

and listed on the JSE. The Board of Directors of Ninety One

plc and Ninety One Limited are identical in terms of their

composition and Board meetings are held jointly. The Board

is responsible for the management, direction and

performance of the Group.

The Board has established five common committees under

the DLC structure: DLC Audit and Risk Committee, DLC

Human Capital and Remuneration Committee, DLC

Nominations and Directors’ Affairs Committee, DLC

Sustainability, Social and Ethics Committee and a DLC

Disclosure Committee. Where the Board delegates

specific powers for some matters to committees, the

outputs from each committee meeting are reported to the

Board, ensuring the necessary oversight. The Board and all

committees have access to independent expert advice

and the services of the company secretaries of Ninety One

plc and Ninety One Limited (together the “Company

Secretary”). You can find the current terms of reference,

which are reviewed annually, on Ninety One’s website at

www.ninetyone.com.

The Board delegates daily management responsibility

for Ninety One to the Chief Executive Officer. My role as

Chairman and the role of the Chief Executive Officer are

separate, clearly defined in writing and have been agreed

by the Board. The Chief Executive Officer is supported by

executive management in managing and developing the

business and delivering on the Board’s approved strategy.

The Chief Executive Officer has also established a number

of management committees to assist with managing the

Group’s business. Further details are set out in the Strategic

Report on page 49.

The nature of the DLC structure, the identical composition

of the boards and the single committee structure enables

the effective management of the dual-listed companies

as a single unified economic enterprise with due

consideration being given to the interests of the

ordinary shareholders of both Ninety One plc and

Ninety One Limited.

Corporate Governance Report

Chairman’s Introduction

Effective corporate governance

is an integral part of our efforts to

build a better firm and contribute

to a better world, in line with our

corporate purpose.

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2022

58:

Dear shareholders

I am pleased to present the DLC Nominations and

Directors’ Affairs Committee report for the financial

year 2022.

The role of the committee is to ensure that Ninety One

continues to have an inclusive and high-performing

leadership, supported by a workforce that has the freedom

to build a successful, long-term and intergenerational

business for all our stakeholders.

In the interests of demonstrating independence and to

ensure compliance with the UK Code and King IV, the

membership of the committee was updated this year.

Hendrik du Toit stepped down as a member on 18 May 2021

and we welcomed Busisiwe Mabuza, who now sits

alongside Idoya Basterrechea Aranda as members

of the committee with me as the Chair.

The key activities undertaken by the committee during

the year are described on page 68. The committee has

continued to support the workings of the Board and its

interactions with the Executives. The committee reviewed

succession plans and oversaw the Board’s first externally

facilitated evaluation. Board development has also been

a focus area, particularly in relation to a more in depth

understanding of Ninety One’s sustainability strategy. The

committee is happy to report that despite the challenges

of the COVID-19 pandemic, members of this relatively new

Board have coalesced to provide leadership, guidance and

challenge to management, and remained effective.

Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information

67

Strategic Report:

Dear shareholders

I am pleased to present the DLC Audit and Risk Committee

report for the financial year 2022.

Reporting to the Board, the committee is responsible

for overseeing the integrity of Ninety One’s financial

statements and the adequacy and effectiveness of its

systems of internal control and risk management. This

includes oversight of the viability statement process and

ensuring that the Integrated Annual Report meets the

criteria for being fair, balanced and understandable.

The committee oversees the monitoring of Ninety One’s

principal risks, Risk Appetite Policy and capital adequacy

process, as well as reviewing its global IT strategy. In

addition, the committee continued to keep under review

Ninety One’s control environment as well as the impact

of the ongoing challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Throughout the year, the committee received updates

and briefings from the external auditor and management

on regulatory changes and key developments. The

committee also kept a watching brief on emerging risks,

such as those that may be associated with climate change.

The committee is constituted as a statutory committee

as required by the South African Companies Act 2008 and

its membership remains unchanged. All members are

independent Non-Executive Directors and satisfy the

relevant requirements of the UK Code and King IV. The

Board has confirmed that the members of the committee

have the necessary expertise required to provide effective

challenge to management and are considered to have

appropriate, recent and relevant experience to effectively

discharge their duties under the committee’s terms of

reference. Biographical details and experience of the

members can be found on pages 60 to 61 and details

of meeting attendance on page 63.

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2022

70:

letter included a schedule of minor improvements for

consideration in the preparation of the 31 March 2022

Integrated Annual Report which the FRC believed users

of the accounts could benefit from increased disclosure.

No response to the: letter was required from Ninety One,

other than acknowledgment of receipt of the letter.

The FRC’s review provides no assurance that the

Integrated Annual Report is correct in all material aspects.

The FRC’s role is not to verify the information provided, but

to consider compliance with reporting requirements. The

committee welcomes the comments from the FRC and

these have been incorporated by management where

appropriate to ensure increased transparency in Ninety

One’s corporate reporting. The committee also received

the outcome of the FRC’s Audit Quality Review of KPMG’s

audit of Ninety One’s 2021 financial statements, undertaken

as part of the FRC’s annual inspection of audit firms, in

which no areas of concern were identified.

Jatin Patel is the lead partner for the UK and Gawie Kolbé is

the lead partner for South Africa and the committee meets

with both partners in private throughout the course of

the year. On the basis of the information provided and

challenge by the committee, both have demonstrated

that they have the appropriate qualifications and expertise

and have remained independent of the Group.

The committee can report that it is satisfied that the external

audit and the external audit process were effective.

As reported last year, the committee completed a tender

process for the appointment of a new auditor, as required

by audit rotation legislation in the UK and South Africa.

Following the Board’s approval of the appointment,

resolutions to appoint PwC as Ninety One’s new external

auditor for the financial year 2023 will be proposed at the

forthcoming AGM.

Non-audit fees

Ninety One’s policy is to engage other firms for non-audit

services other than in exceptional circumstances. Such a

decision requires the approval of the committee Chair

and Finance

Dear shareholders

I am pleased to present the DLC Sustainability, Social and

Ethics Committee report for the financial year 2022.

The Board has delegated to the committee responsibility

for oversight of sustainability, social and ethical matters

relating to the Group. This includes providing guidance

to management in relation to Ninety One’s sustainability

framework and ensuring alignment of a firm-wide approach

to the execution of Ninety One’s sustainability strategy

across the three core components of the framework:

Invest, Advocate and Inhabit. The committee is also

responsible for monitoring the TCFD framework and

reports to the Board on Ninety One’s strategy, commitments,

targets, and performance related to safety, the environment

and other sustainability matters, including climate change.

This year, the committee oversaw the transition from

Sustainability 2.0 – the articulation of the Ninety One

approach to sustainability – to Sustainability 3.0, focused

on real-world impact and deploying more capital behind

our sustainability priorities. The committee recognises and

congratulates management on its efforts at COP26 in

Glasgow, seeking global support for a fair and inclusive

transition towards a more sustainable future. The TCFD and

Sustainability and Stewardship reports are available on the

Ninety One website and set out the Ninety One strategy

and disclosures in detail. The committee also noted the

strategies put in place to assist our people in tracking and

reducing their own carbon footprint through the online

platform Giki Zero.

The committee reviewed the Broad-Based Black Economic

Empowerment (“B-BBEE”) targets and strategy and

is pleased to report that for the financial year 2022,

Ninety One is rated a Level 1 Contributor under the B-BBEE

scorecard. This is a testament to Ninety One’s commitment

supporting economic transformation in South Africa. The

committee considered the work of the Employment Equity

Forum and the range of corporate social investment (“CSI”)

initiatives supported by Ninety One and directed at

conservation, education, and community development.

DLC Sustainability, Social

and Ethics Committee Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information

75

Strategic Report:

Dear shareholders

I am pleased to present our Directors’ Remuneration

Report for the financial year 2022, being Ninety One’s

second full year as an independent listed business. In

financial year 2022, the business demonstrated its ability

to execute on its strategy and deliver results in an

otherwise volatile environment. This was supported by

intense client engagements and a focus on in-person

employee re-engagement across our geographies after

various and prolonged periods of remote working.

Together, this culminated in excellent outcomes for all

our stakeholders this year – including shareholders,

clients, employees and our communities.

Overview of executive remuneration for the

financial year 2022

Financial and non-financial results were very strong across

all key performance metrics. Notable performance

highlights include:

ɽ

strong financial performance in the context of the

economic environment, including adjusted EPS of

19.2p up 13% for the financial year (2021: 17.0p);

ɽ

net inflows of £5.0 billion (2021: net outflows of

£0.2 billion);

ɽ

weighted investment outperformance of 68.3% over

the three financial years 2020-2022;

ɽ

good shareholder returns in the form of share price

performance and dividends declared;

ɽ

significant progress toward long-term strategic

priorities, particularly in ensuring that sustainability is

at the core of our business and capturing the growth

inherent in our current investment capability set

(see pages 12 to 13 for further details); and

ɽ

intense employee re-engagement after various

and prolonged periods of remote working.

Against the backdrop of this very strong overall

performance, the committee determined that the formulaic

outcome under the Executive Incentive Plan (“EIP”)

scorecard was 92.5% of the maximum award opportunity

for each of the Executive Directors.

The committee gave careful consideration to the formulaic

outcome, alongside the performance achieved, the relative

performance of Ninety One’s peers, and the shareholder,

client and wider workforce experience over the period. The

committee acknowledged that even though the long-term

performance targets for the real annual growth in adjusted

EPS had been set during a period of significant market

volatility during the COVID-19 pandemic, these targets

remained challenging on a long-term basis. Notwithstanding

this, the committee noted that recent market conditions

have been more supportive than initially anticipated.

The committee also recognised that while the short-term

achievements against our sustainability objectives have

been strong, the magnitude of the long-term challenge

to transition to net zero means that these achievements

should be viewed in this light. They represent the foundation

for what the committee hopes will be Ninety One playing a

major role in supporting this transition going forward.

For these reasons, the committee decided to exercise its

discretion and to reduce the overall formulaic outcome

under the EIP scorecard by 3.5% of the maximum award

opportunity, amounting to a combined total reduction

of £339,000.

As a result, the awards to the Executive Directors represent

89% of the maximum award opportunity, recognising an

exceptional level of achievement. The Executive Directors

acknowledged the context and reasons for these

reductions, and fully supported them.

Half of these awards were deferred into shares in Ninety

One plc, further increasing the shareholder alignment

that already exists by virtue of the Executive Directors’

participations in the Marathon Trust. The remainder of the

awards was paid in cash. The deferred elements of the EIP

awards were granted after the 2022 financial results had

been announced and will be subject to vesting and

mandatory retention periods as prescribed under the

Directors’ Remuneration Policy (the “Policy”).

A full disclosure of the financial and non-financial

outcomes relative to targets and metrics is provided

on pages 88 to 90.

The Directors’ Remuneration Report sets

out our approach to remuneration for

Ninety One’s people and Directors

for the financial year 2022.

DLC Human Capital and Remuneration

Committee Report

78

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2022:

letter of

appointment under which their appointment can be terminated by either party on three months’ written notice,

except where the Director is not reappointed by shareholders, in which case termination is with immediate effect.

The Human Capital and Remuneration Committee

The committee’s role

The committee’s terms of reference were reviewed and approved on 1 February 2022 and can be viewed on our website at

www.ninetyone.com.

The committee is responsible for determining and developing the Group’s policies for remuneration of the Chairman of the

board, the Executive Directors and senior executives. In determining such policies, the committee will have regard to the

need to attract, retain and motivate directors and senior executives of the quality required to run Ninety One successfully,

in a way that promotes our strategy and long-term success. It will also consider all factors including relevant legal and

regulatory requirements that it deems necessary. This includes the FCA Listing Rules, the UK Corporate Governance Code,

the King IV Report on Corporate Governance for South Africa (2016) the Listings Requirements issued by the JSE Limited

and where relevant, FCA Remuneration Codes covering MIFIDPRU, AIFMD, UCITS, CRD III and MiFID II, as well as all

associated guidance.

The committee is also responsible for reviewing all employee remuneration arrangements, to ensure that they are aligned

with the strategy, culture and values of Ninety One and the health and wellbeing of all employees. It also monitors and

reviews Ninety One’s compliance with good corporate governance in respect of human capital matters, including the

application of the King IV Code and the Companies Act requirements in South Africa. Lastly, the committee reviews the

engagement levels of all employees and ensures that management takes appropriate action to ensure the highest possible

levels of engagement. In fulfilling its responsibilities, the committee will work with other Board committees as appropriate.

Committee advisors

Deloitte LLP were appointed advisor to the committee for the financial year 2022, having been formally appointed during

the year. Deloitte is a founding member of and signatory to the Code of Conduct of the Remuneration Consultants Group.

Deloitte attend the committee meetings as appropriate, and provide advice on executive remuneration, best practice and

market updates.

The committee has formally reviewed the work undertaken by Deloitte and is satisfied that the advice it has received has

been objective and independent.

Fees paid to Deloitte for executive remuneration consulting during the financial year 2022 were £17,400. Deloitte did not

provide any other services to Ninety One during the financial year 2022.

Voting at the 2021 AGM

The following table sets out the outcomes in respect of the most recent AGM votes on the Annual Report on Remuneration

and the Directors’ Remuneration Policy, held on 4 August 2021.

Resolution

% Votes for

% Votes

against

% Votes

withheld

To approve the directors’ remuneration report, for the year ended 31 March 2021

98.33

1.67

0.1

To approve the directors' remuneration policy

96.14

3.86

0.1

Colin Keogh

Chair of the DLC Human Capital and Remuneration Committee

For and on behalf of the Board

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information

99:

