Message from the Chairman

14

Our Board

16

Board composition, tenure and skills

18

Board focus areas for 2022

19

Board future focus areas

20

Message from the Chief Executive Officer

22

Our Executive committee

24 Operating context

25

Macroeconomic environment

26

Industry trends

30

Regulatory changes

31 Risks and opportunities

32

Our approach to risks and opportunities

33

Risk management process

35

Top residual risks

Feedback:

Your feedback is important to us, and we welcome your input to enhance the quality of our reporting.

We have implemented changes to improve the presentation in this report. We are continually improving

and refining our non-financial data collation processes and definitions used when reporting. This

may result in a re-presentation of prior year data for increased comparability. This will enhance the

completeness and accuracy of the reporting of our non-financial data over time.

STRATEGY AND

VALUE CREATION

PERFORMANCE

AGAINST STRATEGY

SEGMENT

PERFORMANCE

Integrated Report 2022

3

GROUP FINANCIAL

PERFORMANCE

RISKS AND

OPPORTUNITIES

OPERATING

CONTEXT

GOVERNANCE

OVERVIEW

OVERVIEW OF

THE GROUP:

Message from the Chairman

Trevor Manuel

Chairman

In 2022, we responded

admirably to challenging

operating conditions,

returning to pre-COVID-19

levels of growth and

regaining market share.

Old Mutual will continue

to differentiate its offering

through a more integrated

and human-focused

approach to financial

services, further enhancing

customer and adviser

experience.

2022 proved to be both a challenging and rewarding

year for the Group and our stakeholders. We returned

to growth despite a difficult economic environment

characterised by rising inflation and interest rates,

as well as fiscal pressures from increased debt

repayments. The easing of COVID-19 pandemic

pressures was offset by an increase in weather-related

catastrophe events, while the ongoing geopolitical

crisis in Europe heightened market uncertainties.

Our business improved productivity and delivered

pleasing shareholder returns, but what has made me

most proud is the strong way we showed up for our

customers in what was a particularly challenging year

for them. We reviewed and strengthened our long-

term strategy through specific focus areas to ensure

that we become our customers’ first choice to sustain,

grow and protect their prosperity.

Congratulations to Iain, the executive team and our Old

Mutual colleagues across the Group for their successful

execution of our strategy and for delivering on the

promises made to our investors and customers. It is

pleasing to see the efforts of the team at growing and

protecting our core retail businesses, which are mainly

based in South Africa, while unlocking new growth

opportunities across the rest of the African continent.

This positive performance by the business occurred

despite the negative impact of loadshedding on our

daily operations in South Africa, especially at branch

level. I express the view that solutions can be found for

other similar challenges by appropriate and timeous

government action. The country is entitled to a speedy

resolution to the epidemic of crime and corruption.

Similarly, there needs to be a swift response to the

infrastructure requirements, both in respect of new

builds and, perhaps more importantly, infrastructure

maintenance.

There can be no doubt that South Africa’s rampant

corruption, unchecked crime and alarming descent

into lawlessness has been exacerbated by a lack of

strong leadership and political will. I believe it is an

appropriate time to make the call for administrative

clarity on how the many governance crises that

currently beset South Africa will best be addressed.

Given the importance of the South African market to

the Group and the significant customer, shareholder

and employee base we serve, we remain fully

committed to working with government to improve

on the conditions for doing business in the country.

This covers regulatory certainty, response times

for regulators and administrators and the general

applications and consistency of rules. This is an ongoing

challenge that requires an openness of approach and

reasonable access for our officers.

Our employees continued to adapt well to the ever-

changing macroenvironment, including the new

ways of working. Ensuring employees continued to

receive holistic support remained a priority for the

Board. With our full backing, the business continued

to invest in leadership development, attracting and

retaining critical skills and inspiring a culture of high

performance.

The team is also to be commended on driving

sustainable outcomes both for the Group and society.

We continue to make good progress against our

commitments to drive transformation in line with both

policy and societal expectations. In 2022, we concluded

two major transformation transactions in South Africa

– “Bula Tsela” and “Futuregrowth” - both of which

represent practical ways of broadening the ownership

base of our business in line with national

transformation imperatives.

Across the business, very clear commitments have

been made to appropriately address climate change,

in line with the requirements of a just energy transition.

The Group’s responsible investment philosophy and

active stewardship programmes are preparing us for

a greater role in the green economy over time.

The impacts of the climate crisis are particularly

pronounced in the developing world. Extreme weather

events escalated across the continent in 2022, resulting

in droughts, floods and the displacement of thousands

of people. Old Mutual responded with speed and

empathy, working with local partners to provide

humanitarian relief to the communities worst affected

by these disasters.

It is now clearer than ever that bold, urgent and

collective action is necessary to limit global warming.

I am encouraged by the initiatives addressing this risk

across the Group.

Read more about these efforts in our Sustainability

Report

Read more about these efforts in our Climate Report

Managing diverse risks remained a priority for the Board

in 2022. While the Board is confident that we are taking

appropriate steps, we remain vigilant and continue to closely

monitor the Group’s preparedness for any eventuality.

I am particularly pleased that the strategic engagements

undertaken in 2022 resulted in all our resolutions being

passed at our May Annual General Meeting, including the

approval of the Group’s Remuneration Policy. This represents

the culmination of four years’ worth of work and an incredible

amount of collaboration throughout the business.

Going forward, I believe we will continue building on the

momentum gained in 2022 by differentiating our offering

with a more integrated and human-focused approach to

financial services.

We expect the operating environment to remain uncertain,

once again testing our business’s resilience and values.

The headwinds are formidable. The efforts of South Africa’s

business sector to build an economy and society that is

more inclusive, just and stable continue to be considerably

undermined by the country’s crumbling infrastructure, our

recent grey listing and the public sector’s woeful lack of

urgency and commitment.

With civil society holding big business to a higher standard

than ever before, we need to elevate the status of ethics and

corporate governance within our own organisation, while

also safeguarding the financial probity and wellbeing of the

wider society we operate in.

As we resolutely enter what we hope will be a bold new era

of recovery, I am confident Old Mutual has what it takes to

help address South Africa’s ills, while making the most of

the opportunities for job creation and growth that positive

change will present.

It is my fervent wish that our company credo of

championing mutually positive futures every day for all our

stakeholders will strongly motivate us to hold each other

accountable as we set about fixing our broken beloved

country.

Lastly, I would like to thank Nosipho Molope and Marshall

Rapiya, who resigned from the Board in 2022, for their many

years of service and contribution to building a strong Old

Mutual. We wish them all the very best.

Ngiyabonga! Rea leboga! Baie dankie! Thank you! Asante!

Trevor Manuel

Chairman of the Board

Read more about these Broad-Based Black Economic

Empowerment Transactions in our Sustainability

Report

Integrated Report 2022

13

RISKS AND

OPPORTUNITIES

OPERATING

CONTEXT

GOVERNANCE

OVERVIEW

OVERVIEW OF

THE GROUP

STRATEGY AND

VALUE CREATION

PERFORMANCE

AGAINST STRATEGY

SEGMENT

PERFORMANCE

GROUP FINANCIAL

PERFORMANCE:

Managing Director: Old Mutual Africa

Regions

BSc (CompSci and Stats), AMP, FASSA, FFA

Service years1: 31 years

Appointed to Executive committee: January 2017

Experience: Served in various roles at Old Mutual

including Chief Actuary and General Manager of

Actuarial and Old Mutual Life Assurance Company

(Zimbabwe), Head of Channel Finance, Strategy

Executive at Retail Affluent and Head of Group Planning

and Business Insights at Old Mutual Emerging Markets.

Casper Troskie (59)1

Chief Financial Officer

BCom (Hons), PGDA, CA(SA)

Service years1: 4 years

Appointed to Executive committee: March 2018

Experience: Extensive financial services experience

serving as former Chief Financial Officer of Standard

Bank Group, Liberty Group and a partner at

Deloitte. Served on the boards of Liberty Holdings,

Liberty Group and STANLIB.

Garth Napier (44)1: Managing

Managing Director: Old Mutual

Corporate

BBusSc (ActSci), FASSA

Service years1: 20 years

Appointed to Executive committee: November 2019

Experience: Served in various roles across Old Mutual

including at Personal Finance and Old Mutual

Investment Group. Former Chief Financial Officer

of the Mass and Foundation Cluster.

Kaaimans River Bridge, Western Cape, South Africa – Coordinates 33.9801° S, 22.5491° E

Changes to the Executive

committee composition

during the year

1

Age and service years as at 31 December 2022

Integrated Report 2022

23

RISKS AND

OPPORTUNITIES

OPERATING

CONTEXT

GOVERNANCE

OVERVIEW

OVERVIEW OF

THE GROUP

STRATEGY AND

VALUE CREATION

PERFORMANCE

AGAINST STRATEGY

SEGMENT

PERFORMANCE

GROUP FINANCIAL

PERFORMANCE:

