director's role;

• short-term cash-based incentives, which are determined

by the fulfilment of short-term strategic, operational and

performance targets; and

• long-term cash and/or share-based incentives, which

are determined by the successful development and

implementation of medium and long-term business

strategies, the implementation of key business imperatives,

growth in shareholder value, and behaviour consistent with

this goal.

• The extent of managerial responsibility, together with actual

workplace location, plays a role in determining the basic

remuneration of executive directors.

short-term incentives

Discretionary performance bonus schemes are applicable to

executive directors as well as to prescribed officers. Job level,

business unit and individual performance determine individual

awards. The aim of the bonus scheme is to reward performance in

line with organisational objectives and achievements. Incentives

are assessed and paid after the end of the relevant financial year

once there is certainty regarding the achievement of the relevant

financial and other performance measures.

long-term incentives

Retention of skills is a vital long-term objective for the group and

this is becoming increasingly important given prevailing economic

conditions. Retention plans may include cash payments and/or

asset-based awards as well as share-based incentive schemes.

Long-term awards are designed to align the performance of

the individual and the group as well as to retain high-calibre

and key personnel. Share incentive awards and other financial

awards as may be considered appropriate from time to time

are recommended to the Board by the Remuneration and

Nominations Committee only when business and individual

performance targets and/or other key objectives have been

attained.:

letter, terms, nature and scope of the audit function

and audit plan for the 2022 financial year. The budgeted fee is

considered appropriate for the work that could reasonably have

been foreseen at that time.

Non-audit services rendered by the auditor are governed by a

formal procedure and each engagement: letter for such services,

where material, is reviewed and approved by the Committee.

audit, governance and risk committee report

for the year ended 31 March 2022

No such services have been rendered during the year ended

31 March 2022.

The external auditors have unrestricted access to the Chairperson

of the Committee and no matters of concern were raised during

the year under review.

The Committee meets at least once a year with the auditors

without the presence of any executive directors or management.

This is the first year that RSM South Africa Inc. has conducted the

audit. The audit partner in charge of the audit is rotated off the

audit after five years. The current audit partner will be replaced

by Ben Frey for the next audit.

risk management

While the Board as a whole is responsible for the group’s risk

management, it has delegated authority to the Committee which

reports to the Board. The Committee utilises a heat risk mapping

process aimed at identifying key risk areas and key performance

indicators.

It assesses and addresses, inter alia, physical and operational

risk, HR risk, technology risk, business continuity and disaster

recovery, credit and market risk and governance and compliance

risk. This assists the Board in its assessment and management

of risk.

financial risk management

Having regard to the fact that risk is an inherent part of the group’s

activities, risk management and the ongoing improvement

in corresponding control structures remain key focuses for

management in building a successful and sustainable business.

The Board recognises that risk management is a dynamic

process and that the risk framework should be robust enough

to effectively manage and react to change in an efficient and

timeous manner.

Formalisation of a risk management framework is the

responsibility of the group’s Board of

Letter of Representation

to them. This must be done in terms of the agreement entered

into between such dematerialised shareholder and the relevant

CSDP or broker. If your CSDP or broker does not obtain

instructions from you, they will be obliged to act in terms of your

mandate furnished to them.

By order of the Board

31 July 2022:

letter of representation

to attend the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder must instruct them as to how they wish to vote in this regard. This must be done

in term of the agreement entered into between the shareholder and the CSDP or broker in the manner and cut-off time stipulated therein.

I/We

(Name/s in block letters)

of (address)

being the registered holders of

ordinary shares in Primeserv, do hereby appoint

1.

or, failing him/her,

2.

or, failing him/her,

3. the Chairperson of the Annual General Meeting as my/our proxy to act for me/us and on my/our behalf at the meeting which will be

held for the purposes of considering, and if deemed fit, with or without modification, the resolutions to be proposed thereat and at

any adjournment thereof, and to vote for and/or against the resolutions and/or abstain from voting in respect of the ordinary shares

registered in my/our name/s, in accordance with the following instructions (see Note 1, overleaf).

Number of votes

(one vote per

ordinary share)

For

Against Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1 – To confirm the reappointment of RSM South Africa Inc. as independent

auditors of the group and B Frey as the designated auditor and auditors’ fees

1.1

Appointment of RSM South Africa Inc. as independent auditors

1.2

Appointment of B Frey as designated audit partner

1.3

Confirmation of auditors’ remuneration

Ordinary resolution number 2 – Election of directors

2.1

KM Matjila

2.2

B Kali

Ordinary resolution number 3 – To elect the members of the Audit, Governance and Risk Committee

3.1

DL Rose

3.2

LM Maisela

3.3

KM Matjila

Ordinary resolution number 4 – Authority for directors or Company Secretary to implement the resolutions

Non-binding advisory resolution number 1 – Endorsement of the Primeserv Remuneration Policy

Non-binding advisory resolution number 2 – Endorsement of Primeserv Remuneration

Implementation Report

Special resolution number 1 – To confirm the non-executive directors’ remuneration for 2023

Special resolution number 2 – Authority to provide financial assistance to related or inter-related companies

of the company

Special resolution number 3 – General Authority to repurchase shares

Special resolution number 4 – Amendment of Memorandum of Incorporation

Signed at

on

2022

Signature

Assisted by me (where applicable)

Please indicate whether you elect to receive documents electronically at the email address inserted below by ticking the appropriate box

YES

NO

Signature

Please see notes overleaf

form of proxy:

Letter of Representation in terms of the custody agreement entered into

with the CSDP or broker.

notes to the form of proxy:

