Message from the chairman

70

Overview

72

Board of directors

75

Governance structure and reports

80

Risk report

95

REMUNERATION REPORT

101

The remuneration committee

chairman’s statement

102

Remuneration policy

103

Implementation report

110

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

115

ANNEXURES

235:

managing director of the state-owned South African

Special Risk Insurance Association (Sasria), has over

30 years of experience in insurance and financial

services.

Rikus Visser, the current CEO of PSG Insure, will be

retiring in August 2022 and will take up the role of

non-executive chairman at PSG Insure and Western

National Insurance. Rikus joined the group as the CEO

of Western National Insurance in 2008 and became the

CEO of PSG Insure in 2013. He has played a key role in

growing the business with a current annual premium

income of R5.7 billion.

We would like to thank Rikus for his valuable contribution

over the years and look forward to Rikus adding his

unique stamp as the incoming non-executive chairman

and the new perspectives Cedric will bring to the group.

On behalf of the board, we would like to thank our

stakeholders, including shareholders, advisers, clients,

business partners, regulators, management and

employees for their continued support and dedication.

Business characteristics that underpin our

expectations for future success:

• Extensive adviser network in South Africa, with

a broad geographic footprint that continues to

expand

• Strong governance structures

• There are clear opportunities for our

businesses

• There are growing synergies between our

operating divisions

• A history of superior shareholder returns

• Focus on optimising risk-adjusted return per

share and restrict the issuance of new shares

Francois Gouws

Mike Smith

20 May 2022:

Message from the chairman

70

Overview

72

Board of directors

75

Governance structure and reports

80

Risk report

95:

Message from the chairman

PSG Konsult’s resilient performance for 2022 proves that

putting our clients first is an excellent business strategy.

Our overall performance was strong as each division

delivered sound results. PSG Asset Management

exceeded expectations with improved investment

flows and funds delivering strong investment returns.

PSG Wealth expanded its adviser network, onboarded

new clients and recorded strong net inflows into

managed assets. PSG Insure continued to grow,

with advisers focusing on retaining and attracting

high-quality clients.

South Africa’s economic picture remains uncertain.

We have sluggish GDP growth with our economic

recovery held back by unreliable electricity supply,

a lack of policy reform and the high cost of doing

business. Financially pressurised consumers will

struggle if interest rates increase by any significant

margin and the local insurance market is weighed

down by low consumer spending and poor business

confidence. In this market, clients delay capital

spending and question every line item on the budget.

While we can’t control the operating environment,

we must have a firm handle on the things in our control.

We are a resilient business built on good cash flows

with no interest-bearing debt. Our capital cover

ratios are good, exceeding regulatory requirements.

Our leadership, including the board and executive

committee, remain unchanged and oversee consistent

strategy execution.

PSG Konsult follows a robust and diligent approach

to ensure that risk management is embedded

throughout the group and we correctly identify and

mitigate against major risks. We have risk officers

appointed within divisions to evaluate potential

risks. Risk management is addressed at board level

through the risk committee. While we can’t prepare

for every eventuality, COVID-19 and July’s unrest

have demonstrated that we mitigate our major risks

through immediate response plans. Our greatest

risk remains not correctly digesting and integrating

changing industry regulation. We put significant focus

on ensuring that this is not the case.

Willem Theron:

