Letter from the CEO

6

Strategic Overview

8

Financial review by the CFO

10

Our Business

24

Our Leadership - Board of Directors

30

Our leadership - Executive Committee

33

Corporate Governance

37

Risk Management Process

44

Sustainability Report

46

48

Financial Statements

48

Directors’ Responsibility for

financial reporting

49

Company Secretary's Report

51

Directors’ Report

52

Report of the Audit Committee

56

Independent Auditor’s Report

58

Consolidated Statement of Profit

or Loss

65

Consolidated Statement of Other

Comprehensive Income

66

Consolidated Statement of

Financial Position

67

Consolidated Statement of Changes

in Equity

68

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 70

Notes to the Consolidated Statement of

Cash Flows

71

Segmental Analysis

72

Accounting Policies

75

Notes to the Consolidated Annual

Financial Statements

89

Shareholders Analysis

142

146

Notice of Annual General Meeting

146

Implementation Report of the

Remuneration Policy

151

Brief Curriculum Vitae of Directors

Standing for Re-election

155

Shareholder Rights

157

Form of Proxy

159

Notes To The Form Of Proxy

160

Corporate Information

161:

LETTER FROM THE CEO

6

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Purpose, resilience, persistence, community, growth, investment and partnership are the words that come to mind in

reflecting on the Purple Group’s progress over the last 12 months. It also strikes me that these words highlight our

advantage and position us extremely well for the challenging market and economic times we find ourselves in today.

Purple Group has continued to make great progress across all key metrics in the reporting period and has successfully

concluded the acquisition of EasyProperties, EasyCrypto and Rise. In the result, all stakeholders are aligned around a

common purpose and goal, enabling greater diversity of income and levers for growth in the years ahead. All of these

have made healthy contributions to the group revenue while posting very impressive growth year on year.

Focusing in on the EasyEquities key metrics builds on the growth story that continues to play out across the group.

• Client numbers and associated metrics have all continued to grow impressively with active clients up 50.4%, having

added around 250 000 new first-time investors in the period.

• Our investment coverage was expanded to include South African Unit Trusts and UK and European Shares and ETFs,

adding on our already extensive offering of US, Australian and South African Shares and ETFs.

• We continued to attract and retain top talent and have built a wonderful team in the Philippines, to augment and

complement our incredible South African team, to serve partnerships in the region and provide the group with a truly

24-hour operating capability.

The board approved the Group Strategy in November 2021 and unlocked investment from our income statement to lay

down new runways for growth to more clients, products, markets and partnerships.

Our EasyEquities client cohort data, now 8 years old, is revealing behavioural insights that confirms their resilience and

commitment to their long-term investing goals. The discipline, consistency, and persistency in the way they are going

about their investing activities is quite extraordinary and provides an engine for growth for the group that directly

benefits from their loyalty to the platform, and their commitment to improve their investment behaviour and outcomes

year on year. Key insights that come from observed client data and behaviour year on year includes:

• Clients deposit and invest more.

• Clients consume more products and services.

• Average revenue per client (ARPU) increases.

• Clients stay and are extremely loyal - on average they refer one new client per two existing clients.

Group Revenue was up 33.8% lifted by good results from almost all the Group companies and while market conditions

were not supportive of growth, we still turned in a very satisfactory result.

Group Operating Expenses increasing by 38.1% need to be read in the context of:

• New Business Development cost incurred to enable and integrate into new partners, +-R20 million, were accounted for

in the period with no resulting revenue. (Discovery Bank, Telkom, SE Asia Partner).

• Client cohorts onboarded over the period, circa 250k, are not yet profitable to the group and accounted for around

R31 million of the operating costs.

• Increased KYC and associated onboarding costs of new clients plus the consolidation of EasyCrypto into the group

accounted for around R9 million of the increase.

Despite these upward pressures on the operating cost base, the Group still managed to continue to reduce the cost to

serve clients (COS) by 16% this year.:

LETTER FROM THE CEO CONTINUED

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

7

Importantly, the continuing divergence in APRU, which is increasing year on year, versus COS, that keeps declining year on

year, fundamentally means that existing client cohorts become more and more profitable as we add clients and launch

new product verticals. Another enabling by-product of this intrinsic factor of the group is that in the outcome it means

that new clients and new products become profitable in shorter and shorter periods as the business scales.

In the result, this gives us an increasing strategic advantage over our competitors while ensuring that our profit margin on

client cohorts continues to improve.

However, where recently onboarded clients (+-500k < two years on platform), outweigh older client cohorts (+-250k >

two years on platform), as they do in this period the operating cost base of the group will look on the face of it to be

inefficient, hence why we focus on COS and ensuring that this improves year on year. While ARPU is unpredictable in the

short term, due to market cycles, over the medium and long term it is highly predictable and trends back towards the

levels evidenced by the older client cohorts. All client cohorts onboarded since launch in 2014 turned profitable in year

two or three of being clients.

Purpose leads our strategy and focuses us acutely on delivering to the needs of our clients, in so doing enabling more

and more opportunities for them to create wealth whilst balancing the growing need for them to protect wealth too,

presenting the opportunity for us to continue to deliver more products and services in the years ahead. We have

demonstrably evidenced our ability to build products that meet our clients’ needs and scale and integrate these into the

group in a relatively short period of time through EasyProperties and EasyCrypto. We will launch two new exciting product

verticals within the next 6 months - securitised credit through EasyCredit and Life Insurance through EasyProtect. Both

will greatly uplift ARPU.

We have built and continue to build a high growth group. A trusted and loved brand. All while delivering low cost, low

margin, easy, fair and fun financial products and services that engage new audiences and grow the market. We remain

profitable and frugal with our resources.

We are building something special, a category winner, that's rewriting and fundamentally changing the financial fabric of

the countries we operate in.

Thank you to all our partners, shareholders, clients and teams for staying the course and continuing to commit yourselves

to delivering on our purpose and building towards our goal of being the world’s best investment platform.

Charles Savage

CEO Purple Group:

letter in June 2019 on a Crypto Asset subset – Cryptocurrency, and concluded that IAS 2 Inventories applies to

Cryptocurrency when they are held for sale in the ordinary course of business. If IAS 2 Inventories is not applicable, an

entity applies IAS 38 Intangible Assets to holdings of crypto assets.

The Group does not hold Crypto Assets as inventory and has therefore not applied the accounting treatment under IAS

2: Inventories.

The Group has applied IAS 38: Intangible Assets to its holdings of crypto assets. Crypto assets have an indefinite useful life.

Initial recognition and measurement

Crypto Assets are initially recognised when they are acquired and the risks and rewards of ownership has transferred to

the Group. They are initially measured at cost plus transactions costs. Crypto Assets are presented as a separate category

of asset in the Statement of Financial Position.

Subsequent measurement

After initial recognition, crypto assets are carried at a revalued amount, being the fair value at the reporting date. Crypto

Assets are measured using quoted prices from three different high-volume exchanges. Management considers this fair

value to be a Level 1 input under the IFRS 13: Fair Value Measurement fair value hierarchy, as the price is extracted from an

active market for identical assets.

If a crypto asset’s carrying amount is increased as a result of a revaluation, the increase is recognised in other

comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of 'crypto asset revaluation surplus'. However,

increases in fair value are recognised in profit or loss to the extent that it reverses a revaluation decrease of the same

asset previously recognised in profit or loss.

If a crypto asset’s carrying amount is decreased as a result of a revaluation, the decrease shall be recognised in profit

or loss. However, the decrease shall be recognised in other comprehensive income to the extent of any credit balance

in the crypto asset revaluation surplus in respect of that asset. The decrease recognised in other comprehensive income

reduces the amount accumulated in equity.

Derecognition

The Group derecognises a Crypto Asset when the risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred. The cumulative

crypto asset revaluation surplus included in equity is transferred directly to retained earnings when the surplus is

realised. The transfer from crypto asset revaluation surplus to retained earnings is not made through profit or loss.

Share capital

Ordinary shares

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares and share

options are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.

Repurchase of share capital (treasury shares)

When shares recognised as equity are repurchased, the amount of the consideration paid, which includes directly

attributable costs, is recognised as a deduction from equity. Repurchased shares are cancelled until they are re-issued

later. When treasury shares are sold or re-issued subsequently, the amount received is recognised as an increase

in equity.:

director's fees

339

318

6.6

Total: director's fees

339

318

6.6

William Bassie Maisela

– Independent non-executive director's fees1

-

-

N/A

Total director's fees

-

-

N/A

Bonang Mohale

- Board meetings attendance fee

140

131

6.9

- Sub-committee meeting attendance fees

24

22

9.1

Total director's fees

164

153

7.2

Craig Carter

– Independent non-executive director's fees

339

318

6.6

Total director's fees

339

318

6.6

Happy Ntshingila

–

