Managing Director A Mahoney

Remgro nominated directors

J J du Toit, L Zingitwa

Website www.siqalofoods.com

SUSTAINABILITY MEASURES

CSI/Training spend R8.2 million

Number of employees 274

BBBEE status Level 3

Environmental aspect

Scope 1 and 2 emissions of 41 280 tonnes CO2e

Year ended 30 June 2022

FINANCIAL

HIGHLIGHTS

R million

%

Revenue

3 546

14.8

Operating profit

476

(4.4)

Headline earnings

401

(1.0)

Profile:

Siqalo Foods manufactures spreads which it sells under market-leading trade marks.

Siqalo Foods Proprietary

Limited (Siqalo Foods)

Siqalo Foods manufactures spreads, which are sold under

market-leading trade marks such as Rama, Flora, Stork and

Rondo within the Southern African customs union territories.

Siqalo Foods’ contribution to Remgro’s headline earnings for the

year under review amounted to R401 million (2021: R405 million),

excluding additional IFRS 3 amortisation of R65 million (2021:

R79 million). During a challenging, turbulent year impacted by a

surge in commodity prices, supply chain challenges, the war in

Ukraine (resulting in two price increases taken during the year),

Siqalo Foods managed to achieve volumes in line with the prior

year. Profitability was negatively impacted by high commodity

prices, the full impact of which the business was unable to pass

to the consumer, resulting in a decrease of 5.5% in its operational

EBITDA. Whilst its profitability was negatively impacted, the

business, by leveraging its market leading brands, delivered

results ahead of the category. On 30 June 2022, Siqalo Foods

had a combined twelve-month moving average value market

share of 71.8%. Notwithstanding subdued economic conditions

and a negative global economic outlook, Siqalo Foods remains

committed to retaining its market share and growing its brands,

while recovering its profit margins.

Two contracts are in place with RCL Foods. Vector Logistics

provides the distribution, sales and merchandising, while a

management services contract governs certain services that

RCL Foods Shared Services platform provides to Siqalo Foods

on an arm’s length basis. The result is an innovative, alternative

business model, leveraging the capabilities within the wider

Remgro Group of companies.

Effective

interest

100%:

letter and spirit of the prevailing tax laws and regulations, and

(2) cultivating accountable relationships with tax authorities.

ESG AND SUSTAINABILITY

| Corporate Governance Report:

letter.

Variation in share capital

Participants shall continue to participate in the SAR Plan and the CSP in the event of a variation in the Company’s share capital.

The committee may make such adjustment to the award or take such other action to place participants in no worse position

than they were prior to the happening of the relevant event and to provide that the fair value of the award immediately after

the event is materially the same as the fair value of the award immediately before the event.:

letter of representation in accordance with the relevant custody

agreement. Dematerialised shareholders without “own-name” registration who do not wish to attend the AGM but wish to

be represented at the AGM must advise their CSDP or broker of their voting instructions. Such shareholders should contact

their CSDP or broker with regard to the cut-off time for their voting instructions.

(viii)

Electronic participation: As stated above, participation in the AGM will also be via electronic communication and shareholders

wishing to attend the AGM via electronic means must follow the instructions for registration, attendance and participation set

out below. The cost (e.g. for mobile data consumption or internet connectivity) of electronic participation in the AGM will be

carried by the participant. The participant acknowledges that the electronic communication services are provided by third parties

and indemnifies the Company and its directors/employees/company secretary/transfer secretaries/service providers against any

loss, injury, damage, penalty or claim arising in any way from the use or possession of the electronic services, whether or not

the problem is caused by any act or omission on the part of the participant or anyone else. In particular, but not exclusively, the

participant acknowledges that he/she will have no claim against the Company or its directors/employees/company secretary/

transfer secretaries/service providers, IF HE/SHE IS UNABLE TO VOTE AND whether for consequential damages or otherwise,

arising from the use of the electronic services or any defect in it or from total or partial failure of the electronic services and

connections linking the participant via the electronic services to the AGM.

As indicated above, shareholders are advised to cast their votes in respect of the business of the AGM in advance by completing

and returning a proxy form, and SHOULD TAKE NOTE THAT if the electronic equipment fail in any manner (including as a result

of loadshedding or a generator failure), the shareholders cannot hold the Company responsible/liable for not being able to vote.

Registration to attend the AGM

1) Registering online by no later than 10:30 am on Monday, 28 November 2022

Shareholders who wish to attend the AGM (in-person or via electronic communication) can register online using the online

registration portal at www.smartagm.co.za to, inter alia, allow the Transfer Secretaries to arrange the participation of the

shareholder at the AGM.

2) Registering via email by no later than 10:30 am on Monday, 28 November 2022

Shareholders who wish to attend the AGM (in-person or via electronic communication) can register by making a written application

to so participate either in-person (physical) or via electronic communication, by email to proxy@computershare.co.za, in order for

the Transfer Secretaries to, inter alia, arrange such participation for the shareholder.

3) Registering after 10:30 am on Monday, 28 November 2022

Shareholders wishing to participate in and/or vote at the AGM may still register, as contemplated in 1 and 2 above, after

10:30 am on Monday, 28 November 2022, provided, that for those shareholders to participate in and/or vote at the AGM,

those shareholders must be verified and registered (as required in terms of section 63(1) of the Companies Act by uploading

their relevant verification documentation as more fully set out under Identification below) before the commencement of

the AGM.

4) Registering at the venue of the AGM

Shareholders who wish to attend in-person and vote at the meeting, and who have not registered online, will be able to

register at the venue from 9:30 to 10:15 am. In order to register at the venue, shareholders will be required to provide

identification reasonably satisfactory to the Transfer Secretaries, as more fully set out under Identification below. Once

registered to the satisfaction of the Transfer Secretaries, such shareholders will be able to participate in and vote at the AGM.

Electronic attendance at the AGM

Once registered in accordance with the instructions above, shareholders attending via electronic communication will be required

to connect to the AGM through the Lumi website by following the steps set out at www.smartagm.co.za. Shareholders are referred

to the “Electronic Participation Meeting Guide” published on the Company’s website at www.remgro.com for further instructions

relating to the electronic participation.

The Transfer Secretaries will by no later than 5:00 pm on Tuesday, 29 November 2022, notify eligible shareholders of the access

details through which eligible shareholders can participate electronically in and/or vote at the AGM.

Shareholders participating in the AGM in this manner may still appoint a proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM.

Guests will be able to access the AGM at www.smartagm.co.za by selecting the applicable meeting and clicking on LUMI

PLATFORM LINK. The option, “I am a Guest” must be selected on the login screen. Guests will be prompted to complete all the relevant

fields including title, first name, last name and email address. Please note, guests will not be able to ask questions or vote at the AGM.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

| Notice to shareholders:

