Managing Director. He is a qualified actuary with over 20 years of

experience in insurance and the broader financial services sector within South Africa, Africa

and Europe.

Our climate change position

We acknowledge the important role played by our Board and

senior management in considering and managing climate-

related risks.

Climate change has severe consequences for Africa, where withering droughts and

devastating floods hit communities, economies and ecosystems hard. Africa only accounts

for about 2% to 3% of global greenhouse gas emissions but suffers disproportionately from

the consequences. In June 2022, Sanlam published its first Climate Change Resilience Report

to support Africa’s just transition. We see the just transition opportunity as the framework

which brings together climate change action, sustainable development and inclusive growth.

This position will guide our decision-making and recognises the importance of not destroying

livelihoods while directing new capital into renewable energy. As a prominent institutional

investor, we engage with investee companies to assess their exposures to the clean energy

transition. Where necessary, we encourage and drive initiatives to protect livelihoods and

communities.

In 2022, Sanlam became an African Natural Capital Alliance member and participated in the

organisation’s pilot to develop locally relevant guidelines based on the Taskforce on Nature-

related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) recommendations. While much of the focus recently has

been on climate change, we believe that biodiversity risk demands greater attention.

In November 2022, Santam signed an agreement with the eThekwini municipality to bolster

the metro’s ability to handle future catastrophes such as floods, fires and droughts. This

three-year partnership will see Santam providing risk management support, capacity

building and advisory services to the municipality. This is part of Santam’s Partnership for

Risk and Resilience programme (P4RR), which already provides risk management support to

82 municipalities.

Enhancing climate resilience is an urgent and continuing need. Our Climate Fund Managers’

partnership with the Dutch Development Bank, FMO, responds to the climate crisis by

structuring and managing a series of blended finance vehicles, each focused on key

thematic areas of climate change mitigation and adaptation. Climate Investor One mobilised

US$950 million of commercial funds, and Climate Investor Two has received commitments of

US$855 million to date.

Read more about our climate change initiatives in our 2022 Sustainability Report.:

letter to AfroCentric

Investment Corporation Limited (AfroCentric), expressing our intention

to acquire AfroCentric shares to make Sanlam the majority shareholder

in the company. AfroCentric is a leading diversified and integrated

healthcare provider serving 3,8 million members.

We plan to expand our client value proposition to include a more holistic

health offering, including medical aid and health insurance. Sanlam can

fully integrate AfroCentric’s product offering into our ecosystem while

giving AfroCentric access to Sanlam’s extensive distribution network.

Indicative

cash outlay of

R1,2 billion

MTN Group

(aYo)

The aYo platform has over 4,2 million active policies and is a key

enabler in improving financial inclusion across the continent. In

November 2022, Sanlam and the MTN Group’s insuretech alliance

began as the transaction received the necessary regulatory and

competition approvals. The alliance will be implemented through the

MTN Group’s aYo Holdings (aYo) platform and each partner will hold

a 50% stake in aYo.

The alliance will give more Africans access to digital insurance and

investment products, including clients who cannot access traditional

distribution channels. By leveraging the MTN brand, Sanlam’s financial

services capabilities, and our combined footprint, the alliance has the

potential to pre-empt and adapt to digital disruption in African markets.

We are confident that this strategic alliance will significantly contribute

to financial inclusion in Africa.

Investment of

R845 million:

letter of the law, we also

believe in the spirit of the law to ensure

our clients’ information is handled

with care.

The Protection of Personal Information Act, 4 of 2013

(POPIA) came into full effect in South Africa in July 2021.

POPIA seeks to protect citizens’ right to privacy as set out

in the South African Constitution. The act aims to strike

a balance between privacy rights and access to and flow

of information. POPIA requires that Sanlam has the right

governance around data sharing, manages a client consent

register, and complies with rules around direct electronic

marketing.

Sanlam is a trusted custodian of the personal information

of many retirement funds, employers, members,

policyholders and clients. Sanlam processes personal

information according to the rules set out in POPIA.

We are committed to:

•

ensuring all personal information is processed

responsibly and does not unjustifiably infringe on the

privacy of any data subjects;

•

securing the integrity and confidentiality of personal

information in our possession or under our control; and

•

complying with legislation including, but not limited

to, data protection laws.

Data privacy on the African continent

While POPIA is South African legislation, there are several

similar regulatory initiatives across Africa. SEM completed

a research project to understand in-country privacy

regulatory frameworks across the region. The first step

was to ensure full compliance with existing legislation. The

Group data-privacy policy was communicated to the SEM

risk and compliance community.

This policy was translated into French for francophone

regions to improve in-country understanding and adoption.

In-country teams comply with the policy and receive regular

communication around the topic. To assist in-country teams

in better understanding data-privacy risks, the central risk

and compliance team guides them in conducting privacy

impact assessments and data inventory guides. The Sanlam

cybersecurity officer visited the region in 2022 to assess

various maturity levels.:

