letter of the law and are committed to conducting our tax

affairs in an open and transparent way. Our tax strategy, available at www.schroders.com/taxstrategy, sets out our approach to

tax matters across the Group more generally. This strategy is reviewed and approved annually by the Audit and Risk Committee.

Modern Slavery Statement – our annual statement on how we assess, manage and report on the risks of modern slavery

practices in our business and value chain.

Supplier Code of Conduct – the standards and behaviours we expect from our suppliers. We also have a number of internal

policies and standards that are not published externally relating to anti-corruption and anti-bribery matters.

Group Human Rights Position Statement – our position for our entities and employees in relation to respect of human rights.

United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) – we were an Early Adopter of the refreshed UNGC Communication on Progress.

Whistleblowing Policy – our internal procedure for reporting and investigating concerns without fear of reprisals

or detrimental treatment.

Environment

on pages 32, 33, 46 and 47.

Employees

on pages 30, 31 and 38.

Social matters

on pages 32, 33 and 39.

Human rights

on pages 32.

Anti-corruption and

anti-bribery

on pages 32 and 39.

Additional information

Description of

business model

Our business model is designed to deliver for our stakeholders. We do this by providing

excellent investment performance to our clients through active decision-making.

On pages 16-17.

Description of principal risks

and impacts of business activity

We review our internal and external environment to identify the principal

and emerging risks that are most likely to impact our strategy, business model,

reputation and performance.

On pages 40-45.

Non-financial key performance

indicators

In addition to our financial performance metrics, we also measure our performance

through the use of non-financial performance indicators.

On the inside front cover.:

letter explains (“2023 policy review”), we believe the policy

continues to provide an effective framework for rewarding executives

for the long-term, sustainable success of the Group. As such, no

material changes are proposed.

We will, however, effect some adjustments to the way the policy is

implemented beginning in 2023. These updates are designed to

improve alignment with the Group’s strategic priorities and respond to

feedback from shareholders. They are described in the final section of

this report (“2023 implementation”).

Focus on: key decisions taken this year

Performance

alignment

• Executive Director bonus outcomes c.50%

down on prior year, below the general employee

and stakeholder experience.

• Existing policy reviewed in detail, with the

conclusion that it continues to provide an effective

framework to reward long-term sustainable

success.

People

• 2023 salary budget targeted towards lower

paid employees, with increases of 8—10%+

applying to those in countries experiencing

heightened inflation and a salary freeze for higher

paid employees where roles remained unchanged.

• Refreshed focus on employee wellbeing, using

a data-led approach to facilitate tailored and

targeted interventions to support mental, physical

and financial health.

Planet

• Introduction of a financial ESG metric in the

executive Director bonus scorecard.

• Shift towards AUM-related climate metric in

the LTIP, replacing the previous internally focused

measure.

Delivering our

remuneration policy in a

fair and transparent way

Structure of the Remuneration report

Annual report on remuneration in 2022

76

Remuneration governance

90

Directors’ remuneration policy

92

Notes to the annual report on remuneration

99

Committee membership

Matthew Westerman (Chair)

Sir Damon Buffini

Rhian Davies

Ian King

Deborah Waterhouse (from 1 August 2022)

See page 57 for meeting attendance and page 90 for a

summary of the responsibilities of the Committee.

The pressures facing our

business and people were at

the forefront of the Committee’s

discussions in 2022:

letter of appointment with a mutual notice period of

six months. Letters of appointment and service contracts are

available for shareholders to view at the Company’s registered office

on business days between the hours of 9am and 5pm and will be

available at each AGM.

Remuneration policy for the non-executive Directors

The table below sets out the remuneration policy for non-executive Directors, who only receive fixed pay and benefits.

Component

Policy and operation

Fixed pay

Fees

To reflect the skills,

experience and time

required to undertake the

role.

Fees for the Chair are determined by the Committee, and fees for other non-executive Directors are

determined by the Board, in each case based on market information for comparable asset managers

and other financial services groups and the constituent companies of the FTSE 100 Index. Non-

executive Directors do not participate in decisions concerning their own fees. Fees are usually reviewed

biennially.

Benefits

To enable the non-

executive Directors to

undertake their roles.

Non-executive Directors’ benefits are principally expenses incurred in connection with the Group’s

business and reflect business needs. Non-executive Directors may receive private use of a driver, car

parking, meals, travel costs and tax on reimbursed expenses deemed taxable by HMRC. Non-executive

Directors do not participate in post-employment or retirement benefits, or in any of the Group’s

incentive arrangements.

New non-executive Directors receive fees and benefits in line with the policy for other non-executive Directors. When recruiting new non-

executive Directors, the Board’s policy is that letters of appointment will have a mutual notice period of six months.

Remuneration report

Directors’ remuneration policy continued:

letter of appointment with a mutual notice period of six months. Letters of appointment and service contracts are available for

shareholders to view at the Company’s registered office on business days between the hours of 9am and 5pm and will be available at each

AGM.

Payments for loss of office and payments to former Directors (audited)

No payments for loss of office were paid to Directors or former Directors during 2022. No payments were made to former Directors during

2022.

Further remuneration disclosures

The remuneration disclosures required under the Capital Requirements Directive are incorporated into the Group’s Pillar 3 disclosures and are

available at https://www.schroders.com/en/investor-relations/shareholders-and-governance/disclosures/pillar-3-disclosures/. Other

regulatory remuneration disclosures can be found at www.schroders.com/en/investor-relations/shareholders-and-governance/disclosures/

remuneration-disclosures/.

By order of the Board

Matthew Westerman

Chair of the Remuneration Committee

1 March 2023:

