Message from the chairman

28

Chief executive officer’s report

34

Our investments

49

Corporate governance

50

How we are governed

54

Governance structure

56

Structure of the board and its committees

58

Board committees

63

Directors appointment procedure

64

Director duties, remuneration and performance

66

Risk governance and internal control

68

Reporting with integrity

69

Audit

70

Relations with shareholders and other key shareholders

73

Annual financial statements

74

Commentary of the directors

75

Statement of compliance

76

Certificate from the secretary

77

Independent auditor’s report

80

Statement of financial position

81

Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

82

Statement of changes in equity

83

Statement of cash flows

84

Notes to the financial statements

107

Shareholder information

108

Corporate diary

109

Corporate information:

managing director

until his retirement in 2018 and sat on the

boards of various RMB Corvest investee

companies, and the boards of the subsidiary

companies making up the RMB Corvest Group

of companies. Neil was a member of the RMB

investment committee for a number of years up

until his retirement from RMB Corvest.

Neil holds a Bachelor of Commerce and CAIB

(SA), Dip SAIM from Port Elizabeth Technikon,

South Africa.

MARC OOMS (71)

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

Chairman of the investment committee

Nationality: Belgian

Marc Ooms was general partner of the

Petercam Group, a Benelux investment bank.

He was also the: managing director of Petercam

Belgium N.V. and chairman of Petercam

Bank Nederland. He retired from Petercam in

2011. Today, Marc is a private equity investor

and independent board member. He is also

involved in real estate mainly in Germany and

Poland. He serves, between others, as a board

member of the following companies: Sea-Invest

Corporation, Luxemburg (the largest European

stevedoring group in bulk and fruit which is also

active in Africa); BMT NV (gears, transmissions,

aeronautics, moulds for the glass industry);

Greenyard NV (world leader in distribution

of fresh, frozen and canned food, listed on

Euronext); Baltisse and Straco, two important

Belgian family offices.

GARY WADE SPELLINS (64)

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

Member of the investment committee

Nationality: British

Gary was Chair at Inflexion LLP backed

Reed & Mackay, a global corporate travel

management and solutions company servicing

the financial and professional services market

until November 2020. He is also a Board

advisor to FINE+RARE, one of Europe’s largest

fine wine brokers.

During his 18 years leading Private Equity

backed businesses he has been Chair

at Inflexion LLP backed Scott Dunn, an

international luxury tour operator specialising

in premium tailor-made holidays. Gary was

also Chair at The Parts Alliance, an Hg Capital

investment in the automotive sector which was

successfully sold in 2017.

Previously, between 2002 and 2014, he was

Chief Executive then Chair at Independent

Clinical Services which is Europe’s leading

healthcare staffing and professional services

company. Gary led the business through five

phases of Private Equity ownership.

In his early career Gary was Group Managing

Message from the chairman

28

Chief executive officer’s report

34

Our investments:

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN: Dear stakeholders,

The start of the 2021/2022 financial period proved to

be more positive following a challenging 2020, where

economies were still recovering from the COVID-19

pandemic. A rebound in M&A activity took place,

fuelled in part by low interest rates, favourable debt

terms and pent-up demand. It was one of the best

M&A markets on record in Europe, the UK and the

USA. This surge in deal activity resulted in inflated

pricing as companies and investment firms competed

for deals; this despite the global economy’s failure to

have fully recovered from the pandemic.

Universal Partners took a conservative view in the

period based on where we were in our business cycle

and the unpredictable macro environment. Rather than

overpaying for new deals, we decided to focus,

consolidate and build our existing assets.

The economic cycle shifted abruptly in late 2021. The

macro environment in the US, UK and Europe is now

characterised by increasing interest rates designed to

combat inflation, which is at the highest levels that it

has been for many years. By June 2022, inflation in the

UK, our primary market, was running at a 40-year high

and interest rates were at the highest level in 13 years.

People are spending less and the threat of a global

recession looms.

A correction in the market is taking place and prices

are correcting accordingly. Investment committees, in

our view, will now be quite conservative; instead of

entering into new deals, they will focus on the assets

that they are invested in. This is an opportunity for UPL

as we can focus on acquiring quality businesses, at a

better price than we have been able to over the last

two years. With pressure in the macro environment, we

believe that good deals will be coming up and we can

expect prices to continue to moderate. The Argo team

is working on the current investments as well as

sourcing new investments for UPL. We do not believe

we need to be in a rush to invest, but we will consider

opportunities, in line with our investment strategy,

where we can add value.

While we made no new investments, we undertook

follow-on investments in Workwell (formerly JSA

Services Ltd) and Dentex during the period, which

included bringing in co-investors once we were fully

invested. In most cases, the co-investors are existing

UPL shareholders who know our business well. Many of

our shareholders have indicated that they have an

appetite to invest alongside UPL going forward.

OUR PERFORMANCE

I am pleased to report that all our investments showed

resilience in the year ended June 2022, despite an

uncertain market.

To date, UPL has made investments in six businesses

and exited one (YASA). YASA was UPL’s maiden exit

when it disposed of its shares in YASA Limited to

Mercedes Benz AG for a total consideration of £42.8

million in August 2021, achieving 3x money and a

33% IRR.

Although concluded after the 30 June 2022 year

end, we are delighted to report another significant

milestone for UPL. On 23 August 2022, Dentex

entered into a definitive transaction agreement with

Portman Dental Care regarding the merger of these

two businesses. Together these businesses will form

the largest privately focused dental group in the UK

and one of Europe’s largest dental care platforms.

The transaction, which is subject to customary

regulatory approvals, will result in the disposal of our

entire shareholding in Dentex, which will be settled

through a combination of cash and shares in the

merged business.

“ UNIVERSAL PARTNERS TOOK

A CONSERVATIVE VIEW IN THE

PERIOD BASED ON WHERE WE

WERE IN OUR BUSINESS CYCLE

AND THE UNPREDICTABLE

MACRO ENVIRONMENT.”

