letter dated

28th January, 2022, nominated Mr. Nirav

Parekh (DIN: 09505075) as its nominee on the

Board of the Company in place of Mr. Samir

Chawla, who ceased to be the Director with

effect from the said date on account of his

resignation from the services of JMFARC.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the

Company at its meeting held on 3rd March,

2022, based on the recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee and

pursuant to the provisions of Section 161(1) of

the Act read with the Articles of Association of

the Company, had approved the appointment of

Mr. Nirav Parekh as Nominee Director (Non-

Executive) representing JMFARC, with effect

from 3rd March, 2022. Further, the said

appointment was approved by the Members

of the Company by way of Postal Ballot on

6th April, 2022.

ii.

Key Managerial personnel:

During the year under review, there was no change

in the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

However, subsequent to the closure of the financial

year, the following changes took place in the Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company:

Mr. Ram Rakesh Gaur and Mr. Vinod Sureka were

appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Joint

Chief Financial Officer of the Company respectively

effective from 20th July, 2023. Mr. Sunil O.

Khandelwal has resigned from the position of the

Manager of the Company effective from the close

of business hours of 31st August, 2023.

15. NUMBER OF MEETINGS OF THE BOARD:

During the Year under review, 4 (four) Board meetings

were held. Further details of the meetings of the

Board and its Committees are given in the Corporate

Governance Report, which forms part of this Annual

Report.

16. pERFORMANCE EVALUATION:

The

Nomination

and

Remuneration

Committee

has specified the manner of effective evaluation of

performance of the Board, its Committees and individual

Directors in accordance with the provisions of Section

178 of the Act.

Accordingly, the Board has carried out an annual

evaluation of its own performance, performance of the

individual Directors including Independent Directors.

Further, the Committees of the Board had carried out

self-evaluation of its performance and the outcome

was submitted to the Chairman of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee for his review.

The performance evaluation of the Independent

Directors was carried out by the entire Board, excluding

the Director being evaluated. The performance

evaluation of the Chairman and the Non-Independent

Directors were carried out by the Independent Directors,

who also reviewed the performance of the Board as a

whole.

The terms and conditions of appointment of Independent

Directors are available on the Company’s website and

can be accessed through the link: https://www.alokind.

com/Investor_Relations-pdf/Policies/Terms_and_

Conditions_of_Appointment_of_the_Independent_

Directors.pdf.

17. BOARD COMMITTEES:

The composition of various Committees of the Board

is in accordance with the requirements of applicable

provisions of Act and Listing Regulations. As on 31st

March, 2023, the composition of various Committees of

the Board is as follows:

A.

Audit Committee:

Name of the

Director

Designation

Category

Mr. A. Siddharth

Chairman

Non-Executive

Independent Director

Ms. Mumtaz

Bandukwala

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

Mr. Rahul Dutt

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

Mr. V.

Ramachandran

Member

Non-Executive Non-

Independent Director

During

the

year

under

review,

all

the

recommendations made by the Audit Committee

were accepted by the Board.

B.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

Name of the

Director

Designation

Category

Mr. Rahul Dutt

Chairman

Non-Executive

Independent Director

Mr. A. Siddharth

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

Mr. Hemant

Desai

Member

Non-Executive Non-

Independent Director:

Managing Director

of Gujarat Chemical Port Limited (“GCPL”), a joint venture

of RIL and Six PSUs of Govt. of Gujarat. GCPL has modern

port infrastructure and facilities for handling 5 MMTPA

and chemicals. He is part of the core leadership team

at RIL for more than three decades. He is Advisor and

Mentor in RIL Group leading diverse corporate initiatives

of Petrochemicals Complex at Hazira and Dahej, Man-

made fibres business, Jamnagar Refinery and SEZ,

its related industrial infrastructure of Power, Ports,

Petroleum and Gas Pipelines, Petro-Retail outlets. He is

also actively involved with RIL’s fast growing Consumer

businesses of Retail, Jio 4G and Broadband.

He is spearheading various business and public

institutions as Chairman of Hazira Area Industries

Association (“HAIA”) (Hazira has attracted investments

worth US$ 27 Bn), Board of Management of Hazira

Notified Area and Gujarat Captive Jetty Association.

He is a member of Governing Bodies of Deemed

Universities - Auro University and Sarvjanik University,

Surat Gujarat.

•

Mr. Anil Kumar Rajbanshi, Nominee Director (Non-

Executive) representing RIL

Mr. Anil Kumar Rajbanshi, aged 66 years, is Non-

Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Rajbanshi is

a Director of The Synthetic & Rayon Textiles Export

Promotion Council (“SRTEPC”). He is also the member

of the National Committee of Textiles of CII and FICCI.

He represents RIL and SRTEPC in Textiles Committee

and represents RIL at Sasmira. He has many years of

experience of working with major fibre producers and

has been involved with the Indian Man-made fibre

textiles industry since 1989.

He was the first Indian to have been knighted in 2008 by

Government of Malaysia with the title “Datuk”.

•

Mr. V. Ramachandran, Nominee Director (Non-

Executive) representing RIL

Mr. V. Ramachandran, aged 52 years, is Non-Executive

Director of the Company. Mr. Ramachandran is a

Commerce Graduate from the Bharathiar University

and an associate member of the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India, the Institute of Cost Accountants

of India and the Institute of Company Secretaries

of India. He has over 26 years of work experience in

audit, accounting, finance, taxation and corporate law

functions across various sectors such as manufacturing,

telecommunications, technology and infrastructure. He

has been associated with the RIL group since 2004.

•

Mr. Nirav Parekh, Nominee Director (Non - Executive)

representing JM Financial Asset Reconstruction

Company

Limited,

JMFARC-March

2018-Trust

(“JMFARC”)

Mr. Nirav Parekh aged 38 years, is Non-Executive Director

of the Company. Mr. Parekh is a Commerce Graduate and

holder of Post Graduate Diploma in Management from

Mumbai University. He has over 12 years of experience:

letter

no.

SEBI/HO/

OIAE/2023/03391 dated 27th January, 2023), to enhance

investor awareness, the Company through its Registrar

and Share Transfer Agents (RTA), viz., Link Intime India

Private Limited had communicated to its shareholders,

who were holding shares in physical form, via SMS

and email, about the availability of Dispute Resolution

Mechanism at Stock Exchanges against the Company/

RTA along with the weblinks for accessing the same.

The said Dispute Resolution Mechanism is available

on the Stock Exchanges’ website and can be accessed

through the links:

BSE

-

https://www.bseindia.com/static/investors/

arbitration_mechanism.aspx

NSE - https://www.nseindia.com/invest/about-arbitration

ii.

PAN, KYC & Nomination Details

In compliance with the SEBI Circular No. SEBI/

HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655

dated

3rd November, 2021 read with SEBI Circular Nos. SEBI/

HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/687

dated

14th December, 2021 and SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-

PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated 16th March, 2023, the

Company had sent letters to its shareholders, who were

holding shares in physical form, intimating about the

requirement to furnish valid PAN, KYC and Nomination

details. The last date for providing the above information

is 30th September, 2023, failing which such folios shall

be frozen by RTA. If any such folio(s) continues to remain

frozen as on 31st December, 2025, the same shall be

referred by RTA/ Company to the administering authority

under the Benami Transactions (Prohibitions) Act, 1988

and/or Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002. The

Members are advised to update their PAN, KYC and

Nomination details at the earliest.

NSE Electronic Application Processing System (NEAPS)

Portal and BSE Listing Centre (Listing Centre)

NEAPS and Listing Centre are web-based applications

designed for corporates by NSE and BSE, respectively. All

periodical and other compliance filings are filed electronically

on the NEAPS and Listing Centre Portal.

SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES)

Investor complaints are processed at SEBI in a centralised

web-based complaints redress system. The salient features

of this system are centralised database of all complaints,

online upload of Action Taken Reports (ATRs) by concerned

companies and online viewing by investors of actions taken

on the complaints and their current status.

Share Transfer System

Transfer of Shares

SEBI has mandated that all requests for transfer of securities

including transmission and transposition requests shall be

processed only in dematerialized form. In view of the same

and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares

and avail various benefits of dematerialisation, Members

are advised to dematerialise the shares held by them in

physical form. Members can contact the Company or RTA,

for assistance in this regard.

Transmission, Transposition, Issue of Duplicate Share

Certificates, etc.

Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No.

SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated 25th

January, 2022 has mandated the listed companies to issue

securities in demat form only while processing service

requests viz. issue of duplicate securities certificate; claim

from unclaimed suspense account; renewal/ exchange of

securities certificate; endorsement; sub-division/ splitting of

securities certificate; consolidation of securities certificates/

folios; transmission and transposition. Accordingly, Members

are requested to make service requests by submitting a duly

filled and signed Form ISR–4, the format of which is available

on the Company’s website and can be accessed through:

letter from the management on the

assessment of these matters.:

letter of comfort to Alok Infrastructure Limited, wholly owned subsidiary Company in

order to meet its financial obligations. As on 31 March 2023, management has assessed that the possibility of outflow

of resources embodying economic benefits with respect to the: letter of comfort issued is remote.

2

Claims / Debts against the Company up to the closing date which are addressed under the NCLT approved resolution

plan are not included in contingent liabilities though many of such claims / debts may be pending for disposal at

various judicial forums. As per clause 3.3.4 of the aforesaid resolution plan, these liabilities stands extinguished.

Accordingly, the management has assessed that the possibility of outflow of resources embodying economic benefits

with respect to such claims / debts is remote.

3

All direct and indirect tax liabilities relating to assessments of earlier year up to the closing date stand extinguished as

per the NCLT approved resolution plan. Further, the implementation of the resolution plan does not have any effect

over claims or receivables owed to the Company. Accordingly, the Company has assessed that any receivables due

to the Company, evaluated based on merits of underlying litigations, from various governmental agencies continues

to subsist.

letter from the management on the

assessment of these matters.

•

In respect of the key audit matter reported to us by the auditor

of Alok Infrastructure Limited, we performed inquiry of the

audit procedures performed by them to address the key

audit matter. As reported to us by the subsidiary auditor, the

following procedures have been performed by them:

o

Obtained and read the consent award dated June 17,

2017 between the subsidiary Company and Peninsula

Land Limited.

o

Examined management assessment with respect to

classification as a contingent liability and obtained

representation: letter from the management.

Letter, etc., together with attested specimen

signature(s) of the duly authorized representative(s) at

bhattvirendra1945@yahoo.co.in with a copy marked

to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Such

authorization

shall

contain necessary authority in favour of its authorized

representative(s).

9.

Members/ Proxies/Authorized Representatives are

requested to bring to the Meeting necessary details of

their shareholding, attendance slip(s) and copy(ies) of

Annual Report.

10. In case of joint holders, the Member whose name

appears as first holder in the order of names as per the

Register of Members of the Company will be entitled to

vote at the AGM.

11.

Members of the Company under the category of

‘Institutional Investors’ are encouraged to attend and

vote at the AGM.

12. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

and their shareholding maintained under Section 170 of

the Act and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements

in which the Directors are interested, maintained under

Section 189 of the Act and other documents as referred

in the Notice are available for inspection by the Members

at the Registered Office of the Company during business

hours on all working days except Saturdays, Sundays

and National Holidays upto the date of the AGM.

13. MCA has notified provisions relating to unpaid/ unclaimed

dividend under Sections 124 and 125 of the Act and

Investor Education and Protection Fund (Accounting,

Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“IEPF Rules”).

As per these Rules, dividends which are not encashed/

claimed by the Member for a period of seven consecutive

years shall be transferred to the Investor Education

and Protection Fund (“IEPF”) Authority. The IEPF Rules

also mandate the companies to transfer the shares of

members whose dividends remain unpaid/ unclaimed

for a period of seven consecutive years to the demat

account of IEPF Authority. The voting rights on shares

transferred to IEPF shall remain frozen until the rightful

owner of such shares claims the shares.

14. The Company has transferred the unpaid/ unclaimed

dividends declared, from time to time, to the IEPF

Authority established by the Central Government. Details

of dividends so far transferred to the IEPF Authority

are available on the Company’s website and can be

accessed through the link: https://www.alokind.com/

Investor_Relations-pdf/Shareholders_Information/IEPF/

Unclaimed_Equity_Dividend_Amount_Transferred_to_

IEPF.pdf and have also been uploaded on the website

of the IEPF Authority at www.iepf.gov.in. Further, the

Company has also transferred to the IEPF Authority all

the shares in respect of which dividend had remained

unpaid/ unclaimed for seven consecutive years or more

as on the due date of transfer. Details of the shares so

far transferred to the IEPF Authority are available on

the Company’s website and can be accessed through

the link: https://www.alokind.com/Investor_Relations-

pdf/Shareholders_Information/IEPF/List_of_Shares_

transferred_to_IEPF.pdf. The said details have also

been uploaded on the website of the IEPF Authority at

www.iepf.gov.in. Members may note that the shares

as well as unclaimed dividends transferred to IEPF

Authority can be claimed back from the IEPF Authority.

15. Members of the Company whose unclaimed dividend or

the shares associated therewith have been transferred

by the Company to the IEPF Authority in compliance

with the statutory requirements as aforesaid, may visit

the Company’s website at https://www.alokind.com/

Investor_Relations-pdf/Shareholders_Information/IEPF/

Procedure_for_Claim_from_IEPF.pdf to understand the

procedure in detail along with the supporting documents

to be provided for claiming back the said unclaimed

dividend or the shares from IEPF Authority.

16. Members are requested to address all correspondences,

including shareholding related documents and dividend

matters to the Company’s RTA.

17. In accordance with the provisions of Schedule VI of

Listing Regulations, the Company had opened a Demat

Suspense Account with National Securities Depository

Limited and as on 31st March, 2023, 30,540 Equity

Shares are lying in the said account. The voting rights

on these shares shall remain frozen till the rightful owner

of such shares claims the shares.

18. Members are requested to intimate changes, if any,

pertaining to their name, postal address, e-mail

address, telephone/mobile numbers, PAN, registering

of nomination and power of attorney, Bank Mandate

details such as name of the bank and branch details,

bank account number, MICR code, IFSC code, etc.



For shares held in electronic form: to their DP

and changes intimated to the DP will then be:

letter

no.

SEBI/HO/

OIAE/2023/03391 dated 27th January, 2023), in order

to enhance investor awareness, the Company through

its RTA had communicated to its Members, who were

holding shares in physical form, via SMS and email,

about the availability of Dispute Resolution Mechanism

at Stock Exchanges against the Company/ RTA along

with the weblinks for accessing the same.

21. Non-Resident Indian Members are requested to inform

the Company/ Link Intime (if shareholding is in physical

mode)/ respective DPs (if shareholding is in demat

mode), immediately of:

a)

change in their residential status on return to India

for permanent settlement; and

b)

particulars of their bank account maintained in

India with account type, account number, name and

address of the bank with pin code number, if not

furnished earlier.:

Letter, etc. with attested specimen signature of

the

duly

authorized

signatory(ies)

who

are

authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to

bhattvirendra1945@yahoo.co.in with a copy marked

to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Institutional/

Corporate

members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.)

can also upload their Board Resolution/ Power of

Attorney/ Authority: Letter, etc. by clicking on “Upload

Board Resolution/ Authority Letter” displayed under

“e-voting” tab in their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will

be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in

the correct password. In such an event, you will need

to go through the “Forgot User Details/ Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked

Questions

(“FAQs”)

for

members

and

e-voting user manual for members available at the

download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call

on.: 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 or send a

request to Mr. Anubhav Saxena, Deputy Manager at

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

C) Process for those members whose e-mail ids are not

registered with the depositories for procuring user

id and password and registration of e-mail ids for

e-voting for the resolutions set out in this Notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode

please provide Folio No., Name of Member,

scanned copy of the share certificate (front and

back) or Letter of Confirmation, PAN (self-attested

scanned copy of PAN Card), AADHAR (self-

attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by e-mail to

rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please

provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16

digit beneficiary ID), Name, Client Master or

copy of Consolidated Account Statement, PAN

(self-attested scanned copy of PAN Card), AADHAR

(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card)

to

investor.relations@alokind.com

or

RTA

at

rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in.

If

you

are

an

Individual Member holding shares in demat mode,

you are requested to refer to the login method

explained at Step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for

e-voting for Individual Members holding shares in

demat mode.

3.

Alternatively, Members may send a request to

evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password

for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated 9th December, 2020

on e-voting facility provided by Listed Companies,

Individual Members holding shares in demat mode are

allowed to vote through their demat account maintained

with Depositories and Depository Participants. Members

are required to update their mobile number and e-mail

ID correctly in their demat account in order to access

e-voting facility.

