Managing Director’s

Message

05

Prelude

06 About AIS

08 Business Segments

20 Digital Enablers

22 Environment

25 People at AIS

28 Corporate Social Responsibility

36 Performance Highlights (Standalone)

37 Corporate Information

Statutory reports

40 Management Discussion

and Analysis

50 Report of the Directors

63 Business Responsibility and

Sustainability Report

100 Report on Corporate Governance

117 Auditors’ Certificate on Corporate

Governance

Financial Statements

119 Independent Auditors’ Report

(Standalone)

128 AIS - Financials (Standalone)

172 Statement Related to Subsidiaries /

Associate Companies / Joint

Ventures

173 Independent Auditors’ Report

(Consolidated)

180 AIS - Financials (Consolidated)

221 Notice to Shareholders

234 Member’s Response Form

235 Shareholders Referencer

` 4035.15 cr

Total Revenue

` 811.24 cr

EBITDA

` 364.88 cr

Profit after tax

200%

Proposed dividend per share

Key highlights of

FY 2022-23

Caution regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, which may be identified by their use of words like ‘plan’, ‘expect’, ‘will’, ‘anticipate’, ‘belief’, ‘intend’, ‘project’,

‘estimate’, or other words of similar meaning. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future, including but not limited to statements about the

Company’s strategy for growth, product development, market position, expenditures and financial results are forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events. The Company cannot guarantee that these assumptions and expectations

are accurate or will be realised. The Company’s actual results, performances or achievements could thus differ materially from those projected in any such forward-looking

statements. The Company assumes no responsibility to publicly amend, modify or revise any forward-looking statements, on the basis of any subsequent developments,

information or events. The Company has sourced the industry information from publicly available sources and has not verified that information independently.

The online version of the report can be

viewed at www.aisglass.com

Contents:

Managing Director (CMD)

Driving progress

through prudence: Dear Shareholders

FY 2022-23 was definitely the first normal

year in the last four. The last pages of

FY 2019-20 to the first chapters of

FY 2021-22 were profoundly affected by the

Covid pandemic.

Like in FY 2021-22, India did remarkably

well economically; both standalone and

relative to other Emerging Markets. The

appreciation of India’s performance

extends beyond the Virtuous Cycle we

may be in economically to other important

domains of geopolitics, international

security, digital public goods, science, art

and culture. Magnified by its immensely

talented, successful, and vocal diaspora,

the Image of India seems to be at a defining

moment.

There is an over abundance of commentary

and analysis on this subject. Most of it is

positive, some of it egregiously so. I find

Akash Prakash’s assessment to be very

balanced, thoughtful and accurate. He

finds India to be an ‘oasis of growth and

stability’. The numbers on Macro, CAD,

Savings and Investment, financialisation of

savings, Fiscal Policy, Twin Balance Sheets,

Exchange Rate, corporate performance

and confidence, earnings growth potential,

all are at their best and superior to the

beginning of the 2003-2008 period of

record growth.

There are many risks to this future gazing

- climate change, competing populism, a

war in Europe, border tensions, to name a

few - but in balance it’s never been better

or Luckier to be Indian. National pride is

not a GDP related sentiment but as Swami

Vivekananda said it’s hard to appreciate our

Sanjay labroo

Managing Director (CMD)

• Commencement

of

supplies

to

premium models like Lexus and Camry

• Commencement

of

exports

of

toolings to our partners AGC in Japan,

US and Thailand

• Receipt of several prestigious awards

for our digital ads

Our float business did very well. We rode

the tailwind of strong prices probably

better than most because of our strategy

of value addition, operational excellence,

committed and talented management, and

customer loyalty. The float business posted

a total revenue of ` 1,675.84 crores.

Our auto business recoded its highest

turnover but margins compressed

significantly. We had huge input cost

increases- many of them sudden and

unplanned- which we could not fully

recover through price increases. We also

had internal cost increases beyond our very

tight budgets as we struggled to respond

to the sudden and fluctuating surge in

demand post covid.

We are confident of our very solid

competitiveness and with some of the

inflationary forces peaking, with internal

improvements, and price recovery, we

hope the margins will recover to their mean

values.

We continued to lose small amounts of

money in our downstream architectural

glass business comprising of Glass

solutions, Glass Experts and AIS Windows.

We firmly believe these are investments

to be ready for the significant change in

usage of glass that is already taking place

in the commercial and retail markets

in India. Currently by small shifts in

consumer choice, and later by regulations

and large-scale consumer preference, the

shift towards safety, energy conservation,

heat, noise and light control, aesthetics,

and preference for branded solutions will

fundamentally change the glass market.

AIS will be experienced, well known, and

ready for that.

spirit. Mr. Satoshi Ogata went back to Japan

after 5 years with AIS and on behalf of AIS

team I express my gratitude to Mr. Ogata

for his teachings and contributions to

AIS Auto. I welcome Mr. Masao Fukami

on Board during the year. I also welcome

Ms. Nisheeta Labroo on AIS Board.

AIS continues to remain committed to

all ESG goals and strives to enhance the

use of sustainable practices in all areas

of operations across all plants – water

consumption, ZLD, extensive use of

renewable energy, reduction of emissions,

reduction in use of plastics, using Miyawaki

concept of afforestation and measurement

and reduction of carbon footprints. AIS

will continue to invest in knowledge,

manpower resources and technologies to

achieve to its ESG goals for itself and its

supply chain.

All our significant investments in this

next capex cycle will be done judiciously

with dynamic risk management on the

ground and for financials. We will use

debt and internal accruals well within

very conservative norms of leverage,

cash flow management, and managerial

bandwidth. We may be Lucky to be Indian,

we may have earned the right to invest

and grow, but we are never going to be

complacent or disrespectful towards any of

the opportunities and extremely war and

watchful of our threats.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to

thank all our stakeholders, including

our customers, employees, partners,

suppliers, shareholders, policy makers

and the communities around our various

manufacturing facilities for their continued

support to AIS in FY 2022-23. We continue

to look forward for your support and

encouragement in the coming years as

well.

With Best Regards

Sanjay labroo

Chairman &: Managing Director

Looking Ahead

It took us 7 Years (from FY 2008-09) to

increase from ` 200 crores EBIDTA to ` 400

crores in (FY 2015-16) and another 6 years

to reach ` 800 crores. (Note – 2 years lost

due to COVID)

We are lucky that India provides the

opportunity to significantly improve this

in the next 3/4 years.

To catch that opportunity we have to

work hard to make necessary investments,

run our operations at world class levels,

invest in technology, localisation, design

and development, and deeply satisfy the

SEQCDDM requirements of our esteemed

customers. Keeping in mind the profile of

our customers, we have to make the Quality

of Japan at Cost of India.

We have already announced our main

investments. In the current year we will

be spending the highest amount of capex

at ` 1400 crores ever. Most of this and the

subsequent years investments are in our

third Float furnace in Rajasthan (F3), the

modular and brownfield expansions in our

auto glass business in Patan, Chennai and

Bawal. The biggest ticket item is F3 which

is 100% a vertical integration investment.

We are taking the policy of Atmanirbhar

Bharat very seriously as a responsibility and

great opportunity. While F3 is designed for

the highest quality as an input for making

auto glass, it has the flexibility to make the

best architectural glass too. With internal

demand at more than 100% of its capacity,

the risk of this largest investment in AIS

history is extremely low. Because of our

Value chain integration, the combined

technology strength of AIS and AGC for this

project, and our management capabilities

in design, localisation and project

execution, we believe this project will be

highly competitive and value accretive

right from the beginning.

During the year, we lost our

Managing Director

Mr. Satoshi ogata2

Dy.: Managing Director & C.T.O. (Auto)

Mr. Masao Fukami3

Dy. Managing Director - Technical & C.T.O.

(Auto)

Mr. Masahiro takeda

Director

Dr. Satoshi Ishizuka

Director

Ms. nisheeta labroo4

Director

Mr. Yoji taguchi

Director

Mr. Gurvirendra Singh talwar

Director

Mr. rahul rana

Director

Ms. Shradha Suri

Director

Ms. Sheetal Mehta

Director

Corporate Information

Board Committees

Audit & Risk Management

Committee

Mr. rahul rana

Managing Director – Technical and C.T.O. (Auto) of the Company

by the Board of Directors at its Meeting held on 27th December,

2022, as recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and approved by Members through Postal Ballot on

27th March, 2023, for a period of 4 years w.e.f. 1st January, 2023.

Mr. Sanjay Labroo (DIN: 00009629) has been appointed as Chairman

of the Board & Company and was re-designated as Chairman &: Managing

letter

of appointment provided to the Independent Directors at the

time of appointment outlining his / her role, functions, duties

and responsibilities have been uploaded on the website of the

Company and may be accessed through the link https://www.

aisglass.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/familiarisation_

programmes_for_Independent_Directors.pdf.

Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Pursuant to Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, the

Directors hereby state and confirm that:

(a)

in the preparation of the annual accounts, the

applicable Accounting Standards and Schedule III of the

Companies Act, 2013 have been followed, along with proper

explanation relating to material departures , if any;

(b)

they have selected such accounting policies and applied

them consistently and made judgments and estimates that

are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view

of the state of affairs of the Company as at 31st March, 2023

and of the profit and loss of the company for the Financial

Year ended 31st March, 2023;

(c)

they have taken proper and sufficient care for the

maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance

with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding the assets of

the company and for preventing and detecting fraud and

other irregularities;

(d)

the annual accounts have been prepared on a going concern

basis;

(e)

proper internal financial controls as laid down by the Directors

were followed by the Company and that such internal

financial controls are adequate and operating effectively; and

(f)

they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with

the provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems are

adequate and operating effectively.

Statement indicating the manner in which formal

annual evaluation has been done

In terms of provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and

Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations, the Board has carried

out the annual evaluation of its own performance and that of

its Directors individually. The evaluation criteria as laid down by

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee included various

aspects of functioning of the Board such as composition, process

and procedures including adequate and timely information,

attendance, delegation of responsibilities, decision-making,

roles and responsibilities including monitoring, benchmarking,

feedback, stakeholder relationship and Committees.

The performance of individual Directors including the Chairman

was evaluated on various parameters such as knowledge

experience, interest of stakeholders, time devoted, etc. The

evaluation of Independent Directors was based on aspects

like participation in and contribution to the Board decisions,

knowledge, experience and judgment.

Particulars of Remuneration

The information as required in accordance with Section 197(12)

of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Rules, 2014, as amended may be obtained by any Member by

writing to the Company Secretary at the registered office or the

corporate office of the Company. However, as per the provisions of

Section 136 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Report along with

financial statements are being sent to all Members of the Company

excluding the aforesaid information.

Board Diversity

The Company recognizes and embraces the importance of a

diverse Board in its success. We believe that a truly diverse Board

will leverage differences in thought, perspective, knowledge,

skill, regional and industry experience, cultural and geographical

background, age and gender, which will help us in retaining

our competitive advantage. Your Board comprises of experts

in the field of Business, Finance, Law, Corporate Governance,

Management and Leadership skills and also has three Women

Directors on the Board.

Nomination and Remuneration Policy

The Nomination and Remuneration Policy, as approved by the

Board on recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee, is available on website of the Company

www.aisglass.com and can be accessed through the link

https://www.aisglass.com/policies.

Corporate Social Responsibility

In compliance with Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013

read with the Rules made thereunder, the Company has

formed Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Committee. The

policy on Corporate Social Responsibility as approved by the

Board of Directors is uploaded on the website of the Company

www.aisglass.com.

Lucky to be Indian

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

53

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Place: Gurugram

DIN: 00009629

Lucky to be Indian

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

55

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Place: Gurugram

DIN: 00559460

DIN: 00009629

58

ASAHI INDIA GLASS LIMITED:

Managing Director

Place: Gurugram

DIN: 00009629

Lucky to be Indian

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

59

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Place: Gurugram

DIN: 00009629

60

ASAHI INDIA GLASS LIMITED:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of the report.

Annexure-A

Our Secretarial Audit Report of even date issued to m/s Asahi India Glass Limited

(CIN: L26102DL1984PLC019542) is to be read along with this: letter:

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of

the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial record and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

For SKP & Co.

Company Secretaries

(CS Sundeep K. Parashar)

M. No.: FCS 6136

C.P. No: 6575

Dated: 15.05.2023

PR: 1323/2021

Place: Vaishali

UDIN: F006136E000318327

62

ASAHI INDIA GLASS LIMITED

Managing Director, have the primary role of trusteeship to

protect and enhance shareholder value through strategic supervision of

AIS. As members, the Board ensures that the Company have clear goals

aligned to shareholder value and its growth, and in line with its Sustainability

commitments.

The CSR Committee of the Board reviews and oversees implementation of

the Sustainability Policies of the Company on an annual basis. In addition, the

Committee and the Board also review the progress of implementation of the

Company’s CSR Programmes, on an annual basis.

The COOs of Business Units and Heads of Corporate Functions are responsible

for ensuring implementation of the Corporate and Sustainability Policies of

the Company within their respective functions, and communication of these

policies to employees.

9.

Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/ Director

responsible for decision making on sustainability related issues?

(Yes/No). If “Yes”, provide details

Yes, as mentioned above, the CSR Committee of the Board, inter alia,

reviews, monitors, and provides strategic direction to the Company’s CSR

and sustainability practices towards fulfilling its objectives. The Committee

seeks to guide the Company in crafting unique models to support creation of

sustainable livelihoods together with environmental regeneration.

The Committee also reviews the Business Responsibility and Sustainability

Report of the Company and recommends the same to the Board for adoption

and approves the Annual Report of the Company.

70

ASAHI INDIA GLASS LIMITED:

letter but in spirit, permeates

through every level of the Company. Driven by an active,

independent and participative Board, the Company is totally

committed to timely and comprehensive disclosures, transparent

accounting policies and high level of integrity.

This chapter, along with the chapters on Management Discussion

and Analysis, reports AIS’s compliance with Regulation 17 to

27 read with Schedule V and Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

(hereinafter referred to as “Listing Regulations”).

Your Company has complied with all the requirements of Corporate

Governance as laid down under Chapter IV of Listing Regulations.

Board of Directors

At AIS, the Board of Directors approve and review the strategies and

oversee the actions and results of management. The management

team of the Company is headed by the Chairman & Managing

Director and a Whole-time Director.

Composition of Board

The present strength of the Board is ten Directors, out of which

five are Independent Directors (including two Women Directors)

and three are Non-Executive and Non Independent Directors

(including one Woman Director).

Report on Corporate Governance

The Composition of Board of Directors of the Company is as below:

S.

No.

Category

No. of

Directors

1.

Executive

2

2.

Independent

5

3.

Non-Executive and Non-Independent

3

Total

10

Board Procedures

Detailed agenda with explanatory notes and all other related

information is circulated to the members of the Board in advance

of each meeting. Detailed presentations are made to the Board

covering all major functions and activities. The requisite strategic

and material information is made available to the Board to ensure

transparent decision making by the Board.

Number of Board Meetings

During the financial year 2022-23, the Board of Directors of the

Company met five times. The maximum time gap between any

two Board Meetings was not more than one hundred and twenty

days and at least one Meeting was held in every calendar quarter.

The details of the Board Meetings are as under:

S.

No.

Date

Board

Strength

No. of Directors

Present

1.

25th May, 2022

10

7

2.

29th July, 2022

10

8

3.

31st October, 2022

10

5

4.

27th December, 2022

9

5

5.

25th January, 2023

9

9

Disclosure

of

relationships

between

directors

inter-se

None of the Directors are related to each other except

Mr. Sanjay Labroo, Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director)

(DIN: 00009629)

Promoter

Executive

5

5

Yes

Mr. S. Ogata**

[Dy.: Managing Director & C.T.O. (Auto)]

(DIN: 08068218)

Executive

4

4

Yes

Mr. M. Fukami***

[Dy. Managing Director – Technical & C.T.O. (Auto)]

(DIN: 09811031)

Executive

1

1

NA

Mr. M. Takeda

(DIN: 07058532)

Promoter

Non-Executive

5

5

Yes

Dr. S. Ishizuka

(DIN: 07692846)

Promoter

Non-Executive

5

3

Yes

Ms. N. Labroo****

(DIN: 10040978)

Promoter

Non-Executive

NA

NA

NA

Mr. Y. Taguchi

(DIN: 01892369)

Independent

5

3

Yes

Mr. G. S. Talwar

(DIN: 00559460)

Independent

5

2

No

Mr. R. Rana

(DIN: 00476406)

Independent

5

3

No

Ms. S. Suri

(DIN: 00176902)

Independent

5

4

Yes

Ms. S. Mehta

(DIN: 06495637)

Independent

5

4

Yes

*Mr. B. M. Labroo (DIN: 00040433) passed away on 7th November, 2022

**Mr. S. Ogata (DIN: 08068218) has resigned from the Board w.e.f. 31st December, 2022

***Mr. M. Fukami (DIN: 09811031) has joined the Board w.e.f. 1st January, 2023

****Ms. N. Labroo (DIN: 10040978) has joined the Board w.e.f. 17th February, 2023

b)

Number of directorships / committee memberships held by the Directors of the Company in other Companies including the names

of the other listed entities where the Director is a Director and the category of their Directorship as on 31st March, 2023:

Name of the Directors

Outside Directorships,

Committee Memberships and

Managing Director

• Independent Director

• Independent Director

Ms. S. Mehta

(DIN: 06495637)

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

* Mr. M. Fukami (DIN: 09811031) has joined the Board w.e.f. 1st January, 2023

** Ms. N. Labroo (DIN: 10040978) has joined the Board w.e.f. 17th February, 2023

1. Excludes Directorship in AIS. Also excludes directorships in Foreign Companies and Section 8 Companies as per the Companies Act, 2013.

2. In accordance with Listing Regulations, Memberships / Chairmanships of only Audit & Risk Management Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee of public limited companies have been considered. Also excludes the Memberships & Chairmanships in AIS. No Director is a Member of more than

10 Board Committees of public limited companies or is a Chairperson of more than 5 such Committees.

Board Independence

The Independence of a Director is determined by the criteria stipulated under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations &

Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the confirmation / disclosures received from the Independent Directors, no director

holds directorship in more than the prescribed limit as per the Listing Regulations as on 31st March, 2023.

Further, Board has evaluated the Independence of Directors and opines that the Independent Directors fulfil the conditions specified

in Listing Regulations and are independent of the management.

matrix setting out the skills / expertise / competence required in the context of its business for it to function effectively and

those actually available with the Board:

Name of Director

Strategy and Planning

Ability to think strategically;

identify and critically assess

strategic opportunities and threats.

Develop effective strategies in the

context of the strategic objectives

of the Company, relevant policies

and priorities

Governance, Risk and

Compliance

Experience in the application

of Corporate Governance

principles. Ability to identify key

risks to the Company in a wide

range of areas including legal

and regulatory compliance

Financial

Comprehensive

understanding

of financial

accounting,

reporting and

controls &

analysis

Sales, marketing & Brand

building

Experience in developing

strategies to grow sales and

market share, build brand

awareness and equity

and enhance enterprise

reputation

Mr. Sanjay Labroo









Mr. Masao Fukami









Mr. Masahiro Takeda









Mr. Satoshi Ishizuka









Ms. Nisheeta Labroo









Mr. Yoji Taguchi









Mr. G. S. Talwar









Mr. Rahul Rana









Ms. Shradha Suri









Ms. Sheetal Mehta









102

ASAHI INDIA GLASS LIMITED:

Managing Director to this effect is given below:

I hereby confirm that:

The Company has obtained from all the members of the

Board and Senior Management an affirmation that they have

complied with the Code in the FY 2022-23.

S. Labroo

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director of

the Company, taking into account the views of Executive

Directors and Non-Executive Directors; and

•

assess the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of

information between the Company Management and the

Board that is necessary for the Board to effectively and

reasonably perform its duties.

In addition to the formal meeting, interactions outside the Board

Meetings also take place between the Chairman & Managing

Director and Independent Directors.

Familiarisation

Programme

for

Independent

Directors

The provision of an appropriate induction programme for new

Directors is a part of Corporate Governance standards of AIS. The

Independent Directors, from time to time, request Management

to provide details related to any activity, project or process of

the Company either as special update to the Board or otherwise.

The management provides such information and training either

at the meeting of Board of Directors or otherwise. The details

of Familiarisation Programme for Independent Directors can be

accessed through the link https://www.aisglass.com/wp-content/

uploads/2020/10/familiarisation_programmes_for_Independent_

Directors.pdf.

Committees of the Board

AIS has four Board Committees – Audit & Risk Management

Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee,

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee and Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee.

Details regarding the role and composition of the Board

Committees, including the number of meetings held during

the financial year 2022-23 and attendance of the members are

provided below.

Audit & Risk Management Committee

Terms of Reference

The composition of Audit & Risk Management Committee meets

the requirements of Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and

Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations. The terms of reference

of this Committee, inter alia, covers the matters specified for

Audit & Risk Management Committee under Part C of Schedule II

of the Listing Regulations read with Section 177 of the

Companies Act, 2013. The terms of reference of the

Audit & Risk Management Committee, inter alia, includes the

following:

Powers of Audit & Risk management Committee

a)

To investigate any activity within its terms of reference.

b)

To seek information from any employee.

c)

To obtain outside legal or other professional advice.

d)

To secure attendance of outsiders with relevant expertise, if

it considers necessary.

Composition, meetings & Attendance of the Committee

The Audit & Risk Management Committee comprises of three

Non-Executive Directors, all of them are Independent Directors.

All the members of the Committee have accounting and financial

management expertise.

The Audit & Risk Management Committee met four times during

the financial year on 24th May, 2022, 28th July, 2022, 28th October,

2022 and 24th January, 2023. The time gap between any two

meetings was less than 120 (one hundred and twenty days). The

composition of the Audit & Risk Management Committee and the

attendance of its members are detailed below:

Name of

Members

Category

Status

Number of Meetings

Held

Attended

Mr. R. Rana

Independent

Chairman

4

4

Ms. S. Mehta

Independent

Member

4

4

Ms. S. Suri

Independent

Member

4

2

Mr. Gopal Ganatra, Executive Director, General Counsel &

Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the Audit & Risk

Management Committee.

The functions of the Audit & Risk Management Committee, inter

alia, include the following:

•

oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process and

the disclosure of its financial information to ensure that the

financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible;

•

recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms

of appointment of auditors of the Company;

•

approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other

services rendered by the statutory auditors;

•

reviewing, with the management, the annual financial

statements and auditors’ report thereon before submission

to the board for approval, with particular reference to:

-

matters required to be included in the directors’

responsibility statement to be included in the board’s

report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section (3) of Section

134 of the Companies Act, 2013;

-

changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and

reasons for the same;

104

ASAHI INDIA GLASS LIMITED:

Managing Director and other Executive Directors are paid remuneration by way of salary, benefits, perquisites & allowances

(fixed component) and commission (variable component) on the net profits of the Company. The annual increments are as per the salary

scale approved by the Members and are effective from 1st April of each year.

The commission payable to the Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer have

certified to the Board with respect to the financial statements,

internal controls and other matters as required under Listing

Regulations.

Commodity Price Risk or Foreign Exchange Risk and

Hedging Activities

The Company is exposed to the risks associated with volatility in

foreign exchange rates mainly on account of import raw materials,

stores & spares and CAPEX payments. The Company uses foreign

currency forward contracts to hedge its risks associated with

foreign currency fluctuations. The Company does not use forward

contracts for speculative purposes. A robust planning and strategy

ensures the Company’s interests are protected despite volatility

in foreign exchange rates and commodity prices. The details of

foreign currency exposure are disclosed in the Note No. 39 to the

Standalone Financial Statements.

Total Fees paid to Statutory Auditors

The total fees paid to M/s VSSA & Associates, Statutory Auditors

by the Company and its subsidiaries; on a consolidated basis for

the Financial Year 2022-23 is ₹ 58,88,103 (Rupees Fifty Eight Lakhs

Eighty Eight Thousand One Hundred and Three).

Shareholders

Disclosure regarding appointment / re-appointment /

resignation of Directors

In terms of Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Article 70

of the Articles of Association of the Company, Dr. Satoshi Ishizuka

(DIN: 07692846) and Mr. Masahiro Takeda (DIN: 07058532), Directors

of the Company will retire at the forthcoming Annual General

Meeting of the Company, and being eligible, offer themselves for

re-appointment.

Mr. Brij Mohan Labroo (DIN: 00040433), the Founder Promoter

of AIS passed away on 7th November, 2022. He has been

on the Board of Company since 1985 and had immensely

contributed in the formation and growth of the Company.

Mr. Satoshi Ogata (DIN: 08068218), Whole-time Director of

the Company has resigned from the Board of Directors of the

Company w.e.f. 31st December, 2022 and Mr. Masao Fukami

(DIN: 09811031) was appointed in his place as an Additional

Director and subsequently as Whole-time Director, designated as

Deputy: Managing Director – Technical and C.T.O. (Auto) of

the Company by the Board of Directors at its Meeting held on

27th December, 2022, as recommended by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and approved by Members through

Postal Ballot on 27th March, 2023, for a period of 4 years w.e.f.

1st January, 2023.

Mr. Sanjay Labroo (DIN: 00009629) has been appointed as

Managing Director

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director of the Company has been identified

as CODM and responsible for allocating the resources,

assess the financial performance of segments and

position of the Company and makes strategic decisions.

The Company has identified two reportable segments

“Automotive Glass” and “Float Glass” based on the

information reviewed by the CODM. Refer note. 38 for

“Segment Information” presented.

s)

Provisions and Contingent Liabilities

A provision is recognised if as a result of a past event, the

Company has a present obligation (legal or constructive)

that can be estimated reliably and it is probable that

an outflow of economic benefits will be required to

settle the obligation. Provisions are recognised at the

best estimate of the expenditure required to settle

the present obligation at the Balance Sheet date. If the

effect of time value of money is material, provisions are

Lucky to be Indian

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

137

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

3)

Ms. Nisheeta Labroo (w.e.f. 17th February, 2023)

Non Executive Director

4)

Mr. Satoshi Ogata (upto 31st December, 2022)

Dy.: Managing

Managing Director

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

Deputy: Managing

Letter of Comfort from Asahi India Glass Limited

19

Oct-24

Bajaj Finance Limited

88

203

Exclusive charge on all Fixed Assets of Company

including movable, immovable & current assets

6

Aug-24

Total

21359

3989

Unsecured Term Loans

from Others

From a Related Party

20

-

-

Mar-26

Total

20

-

-

1

-

200

ASAHI INDIA GLASS LIMITED:

Managing Director

3)

Ms. Nisheeta Labroo (w.e.f. 17th February, 2023)

Non-Executive Director

4)

Mr. Satoshi Ogata (upto 31st December, 2022)

Dy.: Managing

Managing Director

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director for a period of 5 (Five) years

w.e.f. 19th February, 2024 on the remuneration and the other

terms & conditions as recommended by the Nomination

& Remuneration Committee and noted hereunder, with

the liberty to the Board of Directors thereof to alter or vary

the terms & conditions of the said appointment as per the

provisions of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 or any

amendment thereto.

A.

Salary :

Basic salary of ` 20,00,000/- per month with annual

increment of ` 1,00,000/- falling due on 1st April every

year, starting from 1st April, 2025.

B.

Commission :

Upto 2.25 per cent commission on net profits of the

Company in each financial year, subject to the overall limit

as stipulated in Section 197 read with Schedule V of the

Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Amendment)

Act, 2017 (as amended from time to time).

C.

Allowances and Perquisites :

In addition to salary and commission, the

Chairman &: Managing Director shall be entitled to all

such allowances and perquisites in terms and accordance

with the Management Regulations of the Company, as

applicable and in force from time to time.

D.

Other terms and conditions :

(i)

The

Managing Director shall be entitled

to encashment of leave as per the Rules and

Regulations of the Company, as applicable.

(v)

The Chairman &: Managing Director so long as he

functions as such, shall not be paid any sitting fee

for attending the meetings of the Board of Directors

or Committees thereof.

(vi) Subject to the applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013, and Articles of Association

of the Company, Mr. Sanjay Labroo shall not be

subject to retirement by rotation during his tenure

as

letter etc.

together with attested specimen signature

of the duly authorized signatory who are

authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and

to the Company at the email address viz;

investorrelations@aisglass.com, if they have

voted from individual tab & not uploaded

same in the CDSL e-voting system for the

scrutinizer to verify the same.

xix. PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE

EMAIL ADDRESSES ARE NOT REGISTERED

WITH THE DEPOSITORIES FOR OBTAINING

LOGIN CREDENTIALS FOR E-VOTING FOR THE

RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED IN THIS NOTICE:

a)

For Physical shareholders - please provide

necessary details like Folio No., Name

of shareholder, scanned copy of the

share certificate (front and back), PAN

(self-attested scanned copy of PAN card),

AADHAR (selfattested scanned copy of

Aadhar Card) by email to Company / RTA

email ID.

229

Lucky to be Indian

NOTICE

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director or a

person authorized by him in writing who shall counter

sign the same and declare the result of the voting

forthwith.

G.

As per the provisions of Regulation 44(3) of the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the

results of the e-voting are to be submitted to the Stock

Exchange(s) within two working days of the conclusion

of the AGM. The results declared along with Scrutinizer’s

Report shall be placed on the Company’s website

www.aisglass.com and on CDSL’s website

www.evotingindia.com.

H.

In case you have any queries or issues regarding

attending AGM & e-voting from the CDSL e-voting

system, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (“FAQs”) and e-voting manual available at

www.evotingindia.com under help section or write an

email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at

toll free no. 1800 22 55 33.

All grievances connected with the facility for

voting by electronic means may be addressed to

Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, Manager, (CDSL) Central Depository

Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon

Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg,

Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to

helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free

no. 1800 22 55 33.

Important Communication to Members

A)

PHYSICAL SHAREHOLDERS – Please provide your e-mail ID to the Company urgently at investorrelations@aisglass.com or fill the

“Member’s Response Form” (as provided in this Annual Report) to enable you to receive prompt and safe delivery of important

communications from the Company.

B)

DEMAT SHAREHOLDERS – Please provide your e-mail ID immediately to your Depository Participant (DP) where you have your

demat account to enable you to receive prompt and safe delivery of important communications from the Company.

Such section also confirms and supports the “Green Initiative” of Corporate Governance initiated by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs

as per the Rule 18 of Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 which allows companies to send any notice/ document

(including Annual Report) to its Members via e-mail.

NOTE:

As per amended Regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations, transfer of security shall not be processed unless the securities are held in

dematerialised form with a depository, hence, shareholders are requested to kindly dematerialise their shareholding.

230

ASAHI INDIA GLASS LIMITED:

Managing Director of the Company subject to

approval of the Members of the Company for another term of

5 (five) years w.e.f. 19th February, 2024 on the remuneration and

other terms & conditions as recommended by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee.

The details / information pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard-2 with

respect to appointment of Director is detailed in Annexure-1 to

this notice.

The Company has received a notice in writing from a Member

under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013 signifying his

intention to propose the appointment of Mr. Sanjay Labroo as

Director of the Company.

Copy of the draft: letter of appointment of Mr. Sanjay Labroo

setting out the terms and condition of appointment is available for

inspection by the Members at the registered office and corporate

office of the Company.

Mr. Sanjay Labroo is not disqualified from being appointed as a

Managing Director & C.E.O

of the Company since 1990 and was re-designated as Chairman &: Managing Director w.e.f.

25th January, 2023. Mr. Labroo is a Member on the Board of various other Companies and

also served as a Director on the Central Board of the Reserve Bank of India. Mr. Labroo is also

associated with various Chambers of Commerce and Trade Organisations. Mr. Labroo is an active

Member of Auto Components Manufacturers’ Association (ACMA), Member of Architectural

Glass Panel (AGP) of All India Glass Manufactures Federation, Vice President of Maruti Suzuki

Suppliers Welfare Association (MSSWA) and Member of the Governing Council of University of

Pennsylvania Institute for Advanced Study of India.

Terms and conditions of appointment

Appointed for a period of 5 (five) years w.e.f. 19th February, 2024

Expert in specific Functional Area

Economics, Finance, Strategy and General Business Management

letter to the Members holding shares in physical form in

relation to the above referred SEBI Circular. Members who

hold shares in dematerialised form and wish to update their

PAN, KYC, Bank Details and Nomination, are requested to

contact their respective DPs.

Further, Members holding shares in physical form are

requested to ensure that their PAN is linked to Aadhaar

to avoid freezing of folios. Such frozen folios shall be

referred by RTA / Company to the administering authority

under the Benami Transactions (Prohibitions) Act, 1988

and / or Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002, after

31st December, 2025.

Therefore, we request you to provide the details of PAN Card

and Bank details to the Company / RTA.

9)

Registration / Updation of Mobile No., Email ID

and Address

Shareholders are requested to get their Mobile No., Email

ID and Address registered / updated with the Company for

direct and speedy communication.

For more details / information, shareholders are requested

to kindly visit the website of the Company by clicking link

https://www.aisglass.com/for-investors/faq/.

236

ASAHI INDIA GLASS LIMITED:

