Managing Director & CEO of

the Company for a period upto January 31, 2026 and approval of his remuneration.

To consider and if thought fit, to approve the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 2(51), 196, 197, 198 and 203 and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read with Schedule V thereto, the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014,

(including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the

time being in force), and the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time and such other

provisions as may be applicable in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of

Association of the Company and the recommendation of the Compensation, Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company and subject

to necessary approval(s), if any, consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby

accorded for the re-appointment of Mr. Sanjay Sethi (DIN: 00641243) as the Managing

Director & CEO of the Company (being a Director liable to retire by rotation), for a period

from February 09, 2024 till January 31, 2026, upon such terms and conditions, including

remuneration, mentioned in the Explanatory Statement annexed to this Notice, with liberty

to the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Board’ which term shall include the

Compensation, Nomination and Remuneration Committee), of the Company to alter and vary

the same from time to time.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of absence of profits or inadequate profits in any

financial year during the term of appointment of Mr. Sanjay Sethi as: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, Chief Financial Officer and

Company Secretary be and are hereby authorized severally to take requisite steps for listing

of the Equity Shares allotted under the Plan on the Stock Exchanges where the Equity

Shares of the Company are listed, in due compliance with SBEB and SE Regulations, Listing

Regulations and other applicable laws.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall conform to the accounting policies

prescribed from time to time under the SBEB and SE Regulations and any other applicable

laws and regulations to the extent relevant and applicable to the Plan.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board / Committee be and is hereby authorised to modify,

change, vary, alter, amend, suspend or terminate the Plan subject to and in compliance with

the applicable laws and regulations and to do all such acts, deeds and things as it may deem

fit at its absolute discretion, for such purpose and also to settle any issues, questions,

difficulties or doubts that may arise in this regard without being required to seek any further

consent or approval of the Members and further to execute all such documents, writings and

to give such directions and or instructions as may be necessary or expedient to give effect to

such modification, change, variation, alteration, amendment, suspension or termination of:

Managing Director

& CEO)

Date of Birth

September 23, 1971

January 8, 1965

Age

51 years

58 years

Date

of

first

appointment

on

the Board (current

term)

September 4, 1995

Appointed as: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the

Company w.e.f. February 9, 2018 and was re-appointed for a period of three years with effect

from February 9, 2021. The said appointments were made pursuant to the provisions of

Sections 197 and 198 read with Schedule V of the Act and the approval of Members of the

Company. Considering the performance, strategy management, business acumen and

industry and operational expertise of Mr. Sanjay Sethi, and based on the recommendation of

the Compensation, Nomination & Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors approved

the re-appointment of Mr. Sanjay Sethi as the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO shall devote his whole time and attention to the business

of the Company and employ the best of his skill and ability and make his utmost endeavour

to promote the business, interests and welfare of the Company, carry out such duties, as may

be entrusted to him by the Board from time to time and separately communicated to him and

exercise such powers as may be assigned to him, subject to superintendence, control and

directions of the Board in connection with and in the best interests of the business of the

Company including performing duties as assigned by the Board from time to time by serving

on the Boards of subsidiaries or any other executive body or any Committee of the Company.

ii. The: Managing

Managing Director & CEO shall be entitled to annual increments as may be decided

by the Board or any Committee thereof.

VI. The valuation of perquisites shall be as per the Income Tax Rules and wherever no

method of valuation is prescribed therein, the same shall be valued at cost.

VII. The terms and conditions of the said appointment may be altered and varied from time

to time by the Board (including any Committee thereof), as it may, in its discretion, deem fit

in such manner as may be agreed between the Board and Mr. Sethi, subject to such statutory

approvals as may be required.

D. The Company shall pay or reimburse actual entertainment and travelling expenses

incurred by the: Managing

letter issued to the Option Grantee at the time of Grant.

Vesting of Options in case of Employees on long leave

The period of leave shall not be considered in determining the Vesting Period in the event

the Employee is on a sabbatical. In all other events including approved earned leave and

sick leave, the period of leave shall be included to calculate the Vesting Period unless

otherwise determined by the Committee.

E. Maximum period within which the Options shall be vested:

All the Options granted on any date shall vest not later than a maximum of Three years

from the date of grant of Options as stated above.

F.

Exercise price or pricing formula:

The Options granted shall be exercised at the price which shall be the average of the closing

share price of two weeks prior to the date of grant by the Committee.

The specific Exercise Price shall be intimated to the Option Grantee in the Grant: Letter

issued at the time of Grant.

Explanation: In case the Shares are listed on more than one Recognized Stock Exchange,

then the Recognized Stock Exchange where the highest trading volume on the said date is

recorded shall be considered for the purpose of determining the Exercise Price.

G. Exercise period and the process of exercise:

The Exercise Period in respect of a Vested Option shall be a maximum period of 5 (Five)

years from the date of Vesting of Options.

In the event of resignation / termination / retirement / death / permanent incapacity /

abandonment of employment, the vested Options shall be exercisable in line with the

Scheme, pursuant to the provisions of SBEB and SE Regulations and as determined by the

Committee in this regard, as mentioned below.

Events of separation

Vested Options

Unvested Options

Resignation

(Other than due to

Misconduct)

All the Vested Options as on the

date of submission of resignation

shall be exercisable by the Option

Grantee within 6 (Six) months

from the last working day in the

Company.

All the Unvested Options as on date

of

submission

of

resignation

/

termination shall stand cancelled

with

effect

from

date

such

resignation.

Termination due to

Misconduct

All the Vested Options at the time

of such termination shall stand

cancelled with effect from the date

of such termination.

All the Unvested Options at the time

of such termination shall stand

cancelled with effect from the date of

such termination.

Managing Director

of Tano India Advisors Private

Limited and was previously

associated with a diversified

financial services company as

the head of financial services

and as the Chief Executive

Officer of ORIX Auto and

Business Solutions Limited. He

has over 35 years of experience

in financial services industry

spanning

private

equity,

investment banking and asset

financing.

Mr. Joseph Conrad D’Souza has

been associated with HDFC

Limited

since

1984

and

is

currently Member of Executive

Management & Chief Investor

Relations

Officer.

His

responsibilities include corporate

planning

and

budgeting,

corporate finance and investor

relations.

He

was

earlier

Treasurer of HDFC. He has also

been a consultant in mortgage

finance

to

multilateral

institutions in Asia, Africa and

Eastern Europe.

Mr. Arthur DeHaast has been

associated with Jones Lang

LaSalle

incorporated

since

August 4, 1987 in a variety of

senior

roles,

including

the

Global Chief Executive Officer

and then Chairman of its hotels

and

hospitality

group.

Currently, he is Chairman of

Global

Capital

Markets

Advisory

Council,

which

provides advice on long term

strategic matters that could

influence the business and

undertakes

specific

projects

related to the ongoing growth of

Capital Markets. Mr. DeHaast

has over 38 years of experience

in Hospitality and Real Estate

sector

and

has

led

many

Ms. Radhika Piramal is the

Executive Vice Chairperson of

V.I.P. Industries Limited since

2017 which is one of India’s

leading luggage companies. Ms.

Piramal was also the Managing

Director of V.I.P. Industries

Limited from 2010-2017, before

which she worked in various

sales and marketing roles in

V.I.P. from 2000-2004. Outside of

V.I.P.,

she

worked

as

a

management

consultant

with

Bain & Company, New York

from 2006-2008. Ms. Piramal’s

leadership has been integral to

revitalizing

V.I.P

Industries’

profitable growth.:

Managing Director & CEO of the

Company.

The Independent Directors possess domain expertise and knowledge in their respective industry. They provide valuable suggestions and

guidance to the Company and its management from time to time. They contribute their knowledge, skills, expertise, independent

perspective, strategies and experience to the business of the Company and balanced participation in Board’s decision-making process.

Additionally, Mr. DeHaast also provides guidance to the management on the Hotels, the markets and a perspective on the global

hospitality industry trends, which are insightful and help the Company towards improving its performance.

Remuneration

proposed

As per the resolution at Item No. 7

of

the

Notice

read

with

Explanatory Statement thereto.

As may be decided by the Board of Directors, based on the recommendation of the Compensation, Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, within the overall limits as per the Companies Act, 2013.

Comparative

remuneration

profile with respect

The remuneration paid to Mr.

Sethi is commensurate with the

size and scale of the Company’s

The remuneration is being recommended by the Compensation, Nomination and Remuneration Committee considering the domain

expertise and knowledge of the Directors.:

letter providing

the email address, mobile number, self-attested PAN copy and Client Master copy for:

Letter etc.,

certified to be true, to the Scrutiniser at e-mail ID: scrutinisers@mmjc.in with a copy marked

to evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned copy of the aforementioned documents should be

named in the format “CHALET HOTELS LIMITED_EVEN 7409”.

xiii. Members who have already voted through remote e-Voting before the AGM will be eligible to

attend the AGM.

B. Members whose Email IDs are not registered with the Company / DPs and consequently have

not received the Notice of AGM, e-Voting instructions and Annual Report will have to follow

the following process:

i. Members who have not registered their email address and consequently have not received the

Notice of AGM, e-Voting instructions and Annual Report may send an email to

companysecretary@chalethotels.com for the soft copy of the Notice of the AGM, e-Voting

instructions and Annual Report along with the User ID and Password. In case of any queries,

Members may write to einward.ris@kfintech.com.

ii. Alternatively, Members may send an e-mail request at einward.ris@kfintech.com along with

scanned copy of the signed request: letter providing the email address, mobile number, self-

attested copy of PAN and copy of Client Master Data for sending the Notice of AGM, e-Voting

instructions and the Annual Report,.

iii. After receiving the e-Voting instructions, please follow all the steps mentioned in Point A above

to cast your vote by electronic means.

Details for Option 3 are mentioned below:

Instructions for all the Shareholders for attending the AGM of the Company through VC / OAVM

and voting by electronic means at the Meeting.

i. Members are being provided the facility to attend the AGM through VC / OAVM platform of

KFin. Members are requested to participate in the AGM through VC / OAVM by visiting the

Managing Director

18

Governance Framework

22

Statutory Reports

Report of the Board of Directors

90

Management Discussion and Analysis

112

Report on Corporate Governance

123

Business Responsibility and Sustainability

Report

142

Financial Statements

Standalone

178

Consolidated

304

Value Sustenance

38

Proactively Engaging with Stakeholders

39

Approach to Materiality

42

Enhancing Strategic Resilience

45

Effective Supply Chain Management

46

Value Creation

28

Our External Environment

29

Value Creation Model

30

Our ESG Strategy

34

Our ESG Commitments

36

Value Enhancement

49

Natural Capital

51

Manufactured Capital

57

Intellectual Capital

63

Human Capital

67

Social and Relationship Capital

79

Financial Capital

85

Awards and Accolades for FY 2023

88:

Dear Stakeholders,

It gives me immense pleasure to highlight the remarkable progress

we have made over the past year. I am excited to share with you the

positive outcomes we have achieved as we continue to embrace the

flywheel effect.

The concept of the flywheel effect, popularized by Jim Collins,

emphasizes the power of consistent and relentless effort in driving

sustainable growth. Just like a flywheel, our business gains momentum

through the cumulative effect of our actions, creating a virtuous cycle

that propels us forward. By leveraging this concept, we have witnessed

substantial improvements across various aspects of our business today

and the ones that we look forward to.

The travel sector experienced a significant rebound as air passenger

traffic reached pre-COVID levels. The Company achieved outstanding

This has also been a

year of many firsts! The

Company successfully

acquired its first leisure

property, ‘The Dukes

Retreat’ at Lonavala,

which is an 80-room

resort. Furthermore, the

Company entered into a

License Agreement with

Delhi International Airport

Limited to design, develop

and operate a hotel

opposite Terminal 3, at the

IGI Airport in New Delhi,

marking its entry into the

North Indian market. The

Company opened its first

all-women operated hotel

- The Westin Hyderabad

HITEC City in June 2023

performance, recording its highest ever Revenue and

EBITDA during the Financial Year. The Average Daily Rates

(ADR) crossed historical peak at ` 11,304 in Q4FY23, while

the annual Revenue from operations amounted to ` 11.8

billion. The Company concluded the year with an EBITDA

of ` 5 billion and a Profit After Tax of ` 1.8 billion.

This has also been a year of many firsts! The Company

successfully acquired its first leisure property, ‘The

Dukes Retreat’ at Lonavala, which is an 80-room resort.

Furthermore, the Company entered into a License

Agreement with Delhi International Airport Limited to

design, develop and operate a hotel opposite Terminal

3, at the IGI Airport in New Delhi, marking its entry into

the North Indian market. The Company opened its first

all-women operated hotel - The Westin Hyderabad HITEC

City in June 2023, and commenced leasing at Whitefield,

Bengaluru. Various other projects, including the residential

project at Koramangala, are progressing smoothly and are

on track for completion.

Our dedication to sustainability has been integral to our

progress. The Company has always worked to uphold its

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) standards

and has been demonstrating the same through various

initiatives such as its commitment to Climate Group’s

EP100, RE100 and EV100. From energy-efficient practices

to waste reduction strategies, we are actively contributing

to the preservation of our planet while also attracting

environmentally conscious guests who align with our

values.

Moreover, we have embraced technology as a catalyst

for growth. Through digital transformation initiatives, we

have streamlined our reservation processes, expanded

our online presence, and leveraged data analytics to gain

valuable insights. These advancements have not only

increased our operational efficiency but have also allowed

us to personalize the guest experience, resulting in higher

guest engagement and repeat business.

Lastly, I would like to acknowledge the invaluable

contributions of our dedicated team members who have

been instrumental in driving our success. Their passion,

expertise, and unwavering commitment to excellence

have been the driving force behind our achievements. By

fostering a culture of empowerment, collaboration, and

continuous improvement, we have cultivated a workforce

that is motivated to go above and beyond for our guests

and our organization.

As we reflect on the progress made, it is important to

recognize that the flywheel effect is a continuous journey.

Looking ahead, we remain focused on innovation,

sustainability,

and

delivering

exceptional

guest

experiences, which are laying the ground for a promising

future.

On behalf of the entire team at Chalet, I extend my

deepest gratitude to our esteemed shareholders, for your

unwavering support and trust. It is through your continued

partnership that we can shape a prosperous future for our

Company.

Yours sincerely,

Hetal Gandhi

Chairman and Independent Director

DIN 00106895

Corporate overview

ANNuAL REPORT 2022-23

17

CHALET HOTELS LIMITED

16

Message froM chairMan:

Managing Director: Dear Stakeholders,

I am delighted to present to you the 38th annual report for the fiscal

year 2023, reflecting the accomplishments, challenges and progress

made by Chalet Hotels Limited. The report also details the impact of

our growth activities led by our purpose of ‘investing responsibly for

sustainable value creation’.

This year has been a remarkable one, marked by significant growth

and strategic milestones. We stepped out from the uncertain period of

the previous year into a year of robust recovery and then onwards to

record the best ever performance of your company for two consecutive

quarters. This has been achieved through the resilience, sheer grit and

determination of the team at Chalet Hotels.

A significant event for the company was our foray in Northern India with

the signing of the license agreement with Delhi International Airport

Limited (DIAL) to develop a Hotel at the T3 Terminal of Indira Gandhi

International Airport (IGIA). The proposed new hotel at the IGI airport

in New Delhi represents an opportunity for us to establish a strong

foothold in one of the largest markets in the country. We are excited

FY 2023 has

been a year of

robust financial

performance for

your Company.

We achieved

the highest-ever

Average Room Rates

(ARRs), consistent

cost efficiencies

and robust EBITDA

margins that exceed

and outperform the

industry averages.

Your Company’s

consolidated EBITDA

crossed the 5 billion

mark in FY 2023 for

the first time ever.

Corporate overview

CHALET HOTELS LIMITED

18

about the potential this hotel holds and look forward to

providing exceptional hospitality services to travellers

visiting the Capital city of the nation.

We also made our first move into the leisure segment

with the acquisition of The Dukes Retreat in Lonavala. This

strategic step allows us to diversify our portfolio and cater

to a wider range of guests. The Dukes Retreat is an iconic

property with an outstanding location, and we are proud

to have it in our collection of assets. We plan to expand

inventory and reposition it as a 5-star green, lifestyle resort

through renovation in the next 12-15 months.

exceptional financial performance

It is my pleasure to share that FY 2023 has been a year

of robust financial performance for your Company. We

achieved the highest-ever Average Room Rates (ARRs),

consistent cost efficiencies and robust eBITDA margins

that exceed and outperform the industry averages. Your

Company’s consolidated EBITDA crossed the ` 5 billion

mark in FY 2023 for the first time ever.

The year started on a strong note with better-than-

expected pickup in Occupancies and Average Room

Rates starting from the first quarter of the year. This growth

was primarily driven by corporate travel, MICE (Meetings,

Incentives, Conferences, and Exhibitions), weddings, and

social events. Notably, Q3 & Q4 successively achieved

new records in Average Room Rates (ARRs) at ` 10,168 & `

11,304, respectively. In February 2023, the portfolio ARRs

surpassed the ` 12,000 mark. The EBITDA margins, as a

result, kept inching higher and touched a new high of 48%

for the hospitality business in Q4 of the year.

On a full year basis, Average Room Rates reached a ten-

year peak at ` 9,169, coupled with an occupancy of 72%.

The Hospitality Revenue and eBITDA reached all-time

highs of ` 10 billion and ` 4 billion, respectively, with a

margin of 42%. Meanwhile, the consolidated business

recorded revenues of ` 11,780 mn, eBITDA of ` 5,023 mn,

and an EBITDA margin of 43%.

These figures are a testament to the dedication and hard

work of our employees, as well as our ability to adapt and

innovate in an ever-changing business environment.

sustainable operational excellence

To ensure sustainable growth, your Company continued

to enhance its operational efficiency and effectiveness.

Through process optimization initiatives and the adoption

of cutting-edge technologies, we have streamlined our

operations, reducing costs and improving productivity.

Our hotels prioritize guest satisfaction by ensuring

seamless check-in and check-out processes, personalised

services that ensues comfortable and enjoyable stays with

memorable F&B experiences. We have implemented

technology solutions in areas of inventory management

and automated workflows to optimize operations. We

have established rigorous quality control measures and

conduct regular audits to maintain high standards across

all areas of the hotel operations, including cleanliness,

food safety, compliance with regulations, and adherence

to brand standards.

We utilize advanced revenue management systems

to predict occupancy trends to maximise ARRs and

revenue per available room (RevPAR). Additionally, our

comprehensive training programs for our associates

enhance their skills and knowledge, leading to seamless

quality of service, enhanced guest experience, and a

positive work environment. These training programs

are regularly evaluated and improved to keep them

current with industry trends and ever-changing guest

expectations.

building for the next Leap forward

As your Company continues to showcase commitment to

expanding and enhancing the portfolio, we are pleased

to announce that the new The Westin Hyderabad HITEC

City, with 168 keys is now operational and is run by an

all-women team. It catapulted to a great start with 100%

occupancy from day 1. We are pleased to share that at

Novotel Pune Nagar Road, the construction of additional

88 rooms has been successfully completed.

The expansion plans for the Bengaluru Marriott are on

track to add approximately 140 keys to the existing hotel

inventory of 391.

As shared earlier, we will be developing a new hotel in

Delhi. The ~400 rooms hotel is opposite the entrance of

Terminal 3 at the Delhi International Airport. It is expected

to take 30-36 months to complete. We are also in final

design stages for our ~280-room hotel at Airoli, Navi

Mumbai.

On the commercial assets front, we have completed

construction of ~0.66 mn sq. ft. of commercial space,

the CIGNUS Whitefield Bangalore®, Tower 1. Joining

this will be CIGNUS Whitefield Bangalore®, Tower 2 and

CIGNUS powai Tower 1, both of which are in their final

stages of completion and are in the process of being

leased. These assets, combined with our existing one in

Sahar in Mumbai, will take the portfolio to ~2.3 mn. sq. ft.

ANNUAL RepORT 2022-23

19

messAge fRom md

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

DIN: 00641243

Corporate overview

ANNuAL REPORT 2022-23

21

CHALET HOTELS LIMITED

20

MESSAGE fRoM MD:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Arthur De Haast

Independent Director

Radhika Piramal

Independent Director

Neel C. Raheja

Promoter and

Non-Executive Director

Corporate overview

ANNuAL REPORT 2022-23

23

CHALET HOTELS LIMITED

22

GovERnAnCE fRAMEwoRk @ CHAlET HoTElS:

Managing Director and CEO

of the Company holds office upto February 8, 2024. On

the basis of the recommendation of the Compensation,

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board

of Directors at the meeting held on May 9, 2023, have

approved the re-appointment of Mr. Sanjay Sethi as

the: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO of your Company does not receive remuneration

or commission from any of the subsidiaries of your

Company.:

Managing Director & CEO (Member)

and

two

members

of

Senior

Management

i.e.

Mr. Milind Wadekar, Chief Financial Officer (Member)

and Mr. Rajneesh Malhotra, Chief Operating Officer

(Member). There were no changes in the composition

of the Committee during the year under review. Further,

your Company has adopted a Risk Management Policy,

pursuant to the provisions of Section 134 of the Act, to

identify and evaluate business risks and opportunities for

mitigation of the same on a continual basis.

Your Company is faced with risks of different types,

each of which needs varying approaches for mitigation.

The risk management framework defines the risk

management approach across the enterprise. The risk

framework which seeks to create transparency, minimise

adverse impact on business objective and enhance your

Company’s competitive advantage, is reviewed by the

Risk Management Committee periodically. An impact

analysis of the identified risks including risk mitigation

approach and risk mitigation status is also done at regular

intervals taking into consideration the changing business

environment and additional steps taken by the Company

to further mitigate the risks. The Policy is available on the

Company’s website at www.chalethotels.com/wordpress/:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company from any

of its subsidiaries.

-

Proceedings filed by or against the Company under

the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.

-

Onetime settlement with any Bank or Financial

Institution.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Your Directors would like to thank the Members for their

support received and their continued confidence in the

Company. Your Directors would like to express their

sincere appreciation for the assistance and co-operation

received from the Regulatory and Statutory Authorities,

Government and its agencies, hotel & retail operating

partners, Stock Exchanges, Depositories, lenders, legal

advisors, Registrar & Share Transfer Agent, Auditors,

vendors and other key stakeholders.

Your Directors place on record their gratitude to the

Company’s employees at all levels.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Chalet Hotels Limited

Place: Mumbai

Date: July 3, 2023

Sanjay Sethi: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (DIN: 00641243)

Joseph Conrad D’Souza

Director (DIN: 00010576)

Place: Mumbai

Date: July 3, 2023

Milind Wadekar

Chief Financial Officer

Membership No.: 116372

Christabelle Baptista

Company Secretary

Membership No.: ACS17817:

Managing Director and CEO

2

2

3. WEB-LINK WHERE COMPOSITION OF CSR COMMITTEE, CSR POLICY AND CSR PROJECTS APPROVED BY THE

BOARD ARE DISCLOSED ON THE WEBSITE OF THE COMPANY

CSR Committee

https://www.chalethotels.com/composition-of-committees-2/

CSR Policy

https://www.chalethotels.com/policies/

CSR projects

https://www.chalethotels.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/CSR-PLAN-2022-23.pdf

4. DETAILS OF IMPACT ASSESSMENT ALONG WITH WEB-LINK(S) OF IMPACT ASSESSMENT OF CSR PROJECTS

CARRIED OUT IN PURSUANCE OF SUB-RULE (3) OF RULE 8 OF THE COMPANIES (CORPORATE SOCIAL

RESPONSIBILITY) RULES, 2014, IF APPLICABLE (ATTACH THE REPORT).

Not Applicable for the Financial Year under review

5. DETAILS OF THE AMOUNT AVAILABLE FOR SET OFF IN PURSUANCE OF SUB-RULE (3) OF RULE 7 OF THE

COMPANIES (CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY) RULES, 2014 AND AMOUNT REQUIRED FOR SET OFF

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR, IF ANY.

Sl.

No.

Financial Year

Amount available for set-off from

preceding financial years (in `)

Amount required to be set-off for

the financial year, if any (in `)

1

2021-22

664,958

NIL

Total

664,958

NIL

6. Average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5): Loss: `829.61 million

7. (a) Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5): N.A.

(b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programs or activities of the previous financial years: NIL

(c) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: NIL

(d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c): NIL:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN 00641243

Hetal Gandhi

Chairperson CSR Committee

DIN 00106895

For and on behalf of Chalet Hotels Limited:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these Secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test check basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed provides a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulation, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on a test check basis.

6.

The Secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For KDA & Associates

(Formerly known as KDT & Associates)

Practicing Company Secretaries

Ritesh Rajput

Partner

M. No: A69004 CP No: 25678

Date: May 09,2023

PR No.: 2154/2022

Place: Mumbai

UDIN: A069004E000276486:

Managing Director and CEO

146.7

49,280,185

II

The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer,

Company Secretary in the Financial Year 2023 as compared to Financial Year 2022:

Name of Directors and KMPs

Designation

% increase / decrease in Remuneration

Mr. Hetal Gandhi

Non-Executive Chairperson and

Independent Director

(10.53)

Mr. Ravi C. Raheja

Non-Executive Director

(36.11)

Mr. Neel C. Raheja

Non-Executive Director

0.00%

Mr. Joseph Conrad D'Souza

Independent Director

(5.26)

Mr. Arthur De Haast2

Independent Director

(7.72)

Ms. Radhika Piramal

Independent Director

5.56

Mr. Sanjay Sethi: Managing

letter but also

by the spirit of the law.

The Company through its Board of Directors and

Management is continuously and consistently committed

to best Corporate Governance practices at all times for

achieving its goals and targets, while maintaining the

efficiency of its deliverables and ethics. Policies and

Codes have been designed to imbibe the Company’s

values in all areas of its operations. The Board of Directors

of the Company periodically reviews the policies of the

Company against evolving statutory framework. The

Company also seeks and applies the service and advice

of experts wherever considered necessary to ensure

smooth flow of operations and activities, within the

statutory realm.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Composition and Category of Directors:

The Board of Chalet comprises of seven Directors, of

which four are Independent Directors including one

Woman Independent Director, two are Non-Executive

Promoter Directors and one is an Executive Director. The

Chairperson of the Board is an Independent Director.

The Board’s composition is in compliance with the

requirements of Regulation 17(1) of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (’Listing Regulations’) read with Section 149 of the

Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’). Members of the Board of

Directors of the Company possess experience in diverse

fields including real estate, retail, banking, finance,

consumer goods and hospitality. The rich and varied

experience of the Board has proved to be of immense

value to the Company.

The Board reviews and approves strategy and oversees

the actions and results of management to ensure that

the long-term objective of enhancing stakeholders’

value is met.

Independent Directors are Non-Executive Directors

as defined under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing

Regulations and Section 149(6) of the Act along

with Rules framed thereunder. All the Independent

Directors have confirmed that they meet the criteria

of independence as laid down under the Act and

the Listing Regulations and they are not aware of any

circumstances or situations which exist or may be

reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their

ability to discharge their duties. None of the Independent

Directors have any other material pecuniary relationship

or transaction with the Company, its Promoters, Directors

or Senior Management which, in their judgment, would

affect their independence. Further, all the Independent

Directors have also registered/renewed their names

in the databank maintained by the Indian Institute of

Corporate Affairs (IICA) and the Independent Directors

to whom online self-assessment proficiency test was

applicable, have completed the same.

Further, based on the declarations received from the

Independent Directors, in the opinion of the Board, the

Independent Directors fulfill the conditions specified

in the Listing Regulations and are independent of the

management.

Details of the Directors seeking re-appointment at the

forthcoming Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) have been

mentioned in the Notice of the AGM.

During the year under review, the Company convened

various meetings of the Board and its Committees from

time to time. Board / Committee Meetings are convened

by giving appropriate notice well in advance of the

meetings. The meetings are held as per a schedule which

is decided at the beginning of the year after taking into

consideration the convenience of all the Directors. The

Directors / Members of the Committee are provided with

appropriate information in the form of a detailed agenda

including relevant information in a timely manner, to

enable them to deliberate on each agenda item and make

informed decisions and provide appropriate directions to

the Management in this regard. Additionally, the Directors

are provided with any information that may be requested

for by them.:

Managing Director of the Company does not serve as an Independent Director in any listed entity.

None of the Independent Directors of the Company serve as Independent Directors in more than 7 listed companies and

none of the Whole-time Directors of any listed company serving as Independent Directors on our Board are Independent

Directors in more than 3 listed companies.

Name of the

Director

Date of

Appointment

in the current

term

No. of

Directorships

in listed

entities

including this

listed entity

and name

of the other

listed entity

No. of

memberships

in Audit /

Stakeholders’

Relationship

Committee(s)

including this

listed entity

No. of post of

Chairperson

in Audit /

Stakeholders’

Relationship

Committee

held in listed

entities

including this

listed entity

Salary &

Perks for

2022-23

(in `)

ESOPs

Sitting

Fees

(in `)

No. of

Equity

Shares

held

Independent Directors

Mr. Hetal Gandhi

(DIN:00106895)

5 years w.e.f.

June 12, 2018

5

4

2

N.A.

--

850,000

0

Mr. Joseph Conrad

D’Souza

(DIN:00010576)

5 years w.e.f.

June 12, 2018

2

9

5

N.A.

--

900,000

689

Mr. Arthur DeHaast

(DIN:07893738)

5 years w.e.f.

June 12, 2018

1

1

0

N.A.

--

625,000

0

Ms. Radhika Piramal

(DIN: 02105221)

5 years w.e.f.

June 12, 2018

2

1

0

N.A.

--

475,000

0

Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Ravi C. Raheja

(DIN: 00028044)

September

04, 1995

3

8

1

N.A.

--

575,000 5,163,159

Mr. Neel C. Raheja

(DIN: 00029010)

December 12,

1996

3

7

0

N.A.

--

675,000 10,326,318

Executive Directors

Mr. Sanjay Sethi

(DIN: 00641243)

3 years w.e.f.

February 09,

2021

1

2

0

49,280,185

Out-

standing:

133,000

Options

under

ESOP 2018

Scheme and

717,697

Options

under

ESOP 2022

Scheme

N.A.

1,000

ESOP 2018 Scheme refers to Chalet Hotels Limited – Employee Stock Option Plan 2018

ESOP 2022 Scheme refers to CHL Employee Stock Option Plan 2022

Notes:

1.

Mr. Hetal Gandhi is an Independent Director of Ami Organics Limited, Shilpa Medicare Limited and Syrma SGS

Technology Limited and a Non-Executive Director in Singer India Limited.

2.

Mr. Joseph Conrad D’Souza is an Independent Director of Camlin Fine Sciences Limited.

3.

Ms. Radhika Piramal is Executive Director & Vice Chairperson of V.I.P. Industries Limited.:

Managing Director

of Tano India Advisors Private Limited. He was previously

associated with a diversified financial services company as

Head - Financial Services and with ORIX Auto and Business

Solutions Limited as Chief Executive Officer. He has over

three decades of experience in the financial services industry

spanning private equity, investment banking and asset

financing.

Mr. Joseph Conrad D’Souza

- Masters

of

Commerce,

University of Mumbai

- Diploma

in

Financial

Management,

University

of Mumbai

- Master’s

Degree

in

Business

Administration

from

South

Gujarat

University

- Graduate of the Senior

Executive Program from

the

London

Business

School

Mr. Joseph Conrad D’Souza has been associated with

Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited since

1984 and is currently Member of Executive Management &

Chief Investor Relations Officer. His responsibilities include

corporate planning and budgeting, corporate finance and

investor relations. He was earlier Treasurer of HDFC. He has

also been a consultant in mortgage finance to multilateral

institutions in Asia, Africa and Eastern Europe.

Mr. Arthur DeHaast

- Bachelors Degree in Hotel

Management, University of

Strathclyde

Mr. Arthur DeHaast has been associated with Jones Lang

LaSalle incorporated since August 4, 1987 in a variety of

senior roles, including the Global Chief Executive Officer and

then Chairman of its hotels and hospitality group. Currently,

he is Chairman of Global Capital Markets Advisory Council,

which provides advice on long term strategic matters that

could influence the business and undertakes specific projects

related to the ongoing growth of Capital Markets.

Mr. DeHaast has over 38 years of experience in Hospitality

and Real Estate sector and has led many transactional and

advisory assignments. He has been elected as a Life Fellow

of the Institute of Hospitality. He is also a Member on the

Board of InterContinental Hotels Group PLC and a member

of the Advisory Board of Scottish Business School, University

of Strathclyde, Glasgow and past Chairman of the Institute

of Hospitality.:

Managing Director of

V.I.P. Industries from 2010 – 2017, before which she worked

in various sales and marketing roles in VIP from 2000 – 2004.

Outside of V.I.P., she worked as a management consultant

with Bain & Company in New York from 2006 - 2008. Ms.

Piramal’s leadership has been integral to revitalising V.I.P.

Industries’ profitable growth.

Mr. Ravi C. Raheja

- Bachelor of Commerce,

University of Mumbai

- Masters of Business

Administration from

London Business School

Mr. Ravi Raheja is Group President at K. Raheja Corp where

he has been actively involved in directing and managing the

business including finance, corporate strategy and planning,

growing the business from a family-run Company to one of

India’s largest business conglomerates, with diversification to

hospitality, retail and malls. His foresight steered the business

towards building a robust portfolio of rentable assets. He

guided the business to the build-and-hold model and has

been the force behind building a well-diversified Group

portfolio including commercial space under the brand names

of ‘Mindspace’ and ‘Commerzone’; and a strong residential

portfolio. The successful retail formats of Shoppers Stop and

Inorbit Malls; thriving luxury hospitality brands listed under

our Company’s portfolio, have each been carefully curated

under his able leadership. An open-minded leader, Ravi is

agile to modify strategies to capture emerging opportunities

or tackle unexpected challenges.

He has 27 years of experience across the real estate, hotel

and retail industry.

Mr. Neel C. Raheja

- Bachelor of Law, University

of Mumbai

- Masters of Commerce,

University of Mumbai

- Owner / President

Management Programme

from Harvard Business

School

Mr. Neel C. Raheja is the Group President at K. Raheja Corp

Group, where he has been at the fore-front of driving change

and innovation. He has more than two decades of experience

across the real estate, hospitality and retail industry.

He ushered in the now much familiar Malls which used to be

a small percentage of the retail landscape through Shoppers

Stop and Inorbit Malls. He perceived the need for intelligent

workspaces with ‘Mindspace’ and ‘Commerzone’, IT Parks

across India. He also plays an active role in the Group’s

philanthropic initiatives through K Raheja Corp Foundation,

Sadhana Education Society and S. L. Raheja Hospital. He has

also driven several green initiatives for the Group. He chairs

some of the most important committees that shape key

industry developments.

Mr. Sanjay Sethi

- Diploma in Hotel

Management, Catering

and Nutrition, IHM Pusa

- Certified Hotel

Administrator (CHA)

from American Hotel and

Lodging Educational

Institute

- General Management

Course in Business

Excellence from IIM

Bangalore

Mr. Sanjay Sethi has over 35 years of experience in the

hospitality industry. Mr. Sethi founded Berggruen Hotels

Private Limited in 2006 along with Berggruen Holdings,

New York. He has briefly worked with ITC Limited as Chief

Operating Officer for their Hotels Division and had a fourteen

year stint with the Taj Group of Hotels.

Mr. Sethi is actively associated with many industry forums

in bringing about reforms for the Hospitality sector and

championed the cause of getting Industry status for Hotels

in Maharashtra. He is an Executive Committee Member of

Hotel Association of India (HAI) and a special invitee to the

Executive Committee of Hotel and Restaurant Association of

Western India (HRAWI). He is also a member of CII’s National

Tourism Committee.:

Managing Director:

Mr. Sanjay Sethi,: Managing

Managing Director of the Company

is for a period of three years and is terminable by

giving 90 days’ notice from either side. The term of the: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer. The Committee has the following terms of reference:

1.

considering and resolving grievances of shareholders’, debenture holders and other security holders;

2.

redressal of grievances of the security holders of the Company, including complaints in respect of allotment of Equity

Shares, transfer/transmission of Equity Shares, non-receipt of declared dividends, annual reports, balance sheets of the

Company, issue of new/duplicate certificates, general meetings etc.;

3.

allotment of Equity Shares, approval of transfer or transmission of Equity Shares, debentures or any other securities;

4.

issue of duplicate certificates and new certificates on split/consolidation/renewal, etc.;

5.

review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders;

6.

review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the listed entity in respect of various services being rendered

by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent;

7.

review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends

and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the Company;

and

8.

carrying out any other functions required to be undertaken by the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee under

applicable law.

The attendance at the meeting of the Committee during the year under review is as follows:

Name of the Chairperson / Member

Category

Date of Meeting

May 10, 2022

Mr. Joseph Conrad D’Souza

Chairperson and Independent Director

Yes

Mr. Ravi C. Raheja

Member and Non-Executive Director

No

Mr. Neel C. Raheja

Member and Non-Executive Director

Yes

Mr. Sanjay Sethi

Member and: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Yes

Yes

Risk Management Committee

The Company’s Risk Management Committee comprises of Mr. Arthur DeHaast, Chairperson & Independent Director, Mr.

Joseph Conrad D’Souza, Independent Director, Mr. Neel C. Raheja, Non-Executive Director, Mr. Sanjay Sethi, Managing

Director & CEO, Mr. Milind Wadekar, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Rajneesh Malhotra, Chief Operating Officer. The

Committee has the following terms of reference:

1.

To formulate a detailed risk management policy which shall include:

a.

A framework (risk management plan) for identification of internal and external risks specifically faced by the

listed entity, in particular including financial, operational, sectoral, sustainability (particularly, ESG related risks),

information, cyber security risks or any other risk as may be determined by the Committee.

b.

Measures for risk mitigation including systems and processes for internal control of identified risks.

c.

Business Continuity Plan;

2.

To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks associated

with the business of the Company;

3.

To monitor and oversee implementation of the risk management policy, including evaluating the adequacy of risk

management systems;

4.

To periodically review the risk management policy, at least once in two years, including by considering the changing

industry dynamics and evolving complexity;

5.

To keep the Board of Directors informed about the nature and content of its discussions, recommendations and actions

to be taken w.r.t. risk assessment and minimization;

6.

The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if any) shall be subject to review by the

Risk Management Committee;

7.

The Risk Management Committee shall coordinate its activities with other committees, in instances where there is any

overlap with activities of such committees, as per the framework laid down by the Board of Directors;

8.

All other matters as may be delegated by the Board of Directors of the Company from time to time.:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

Yes

Yes

Mr. Milind Wadekar

Member and Chief Financial Officer

Yes

Yes

Mr. Rajneesh Malhotra

Member and Chief Operating Officer

Yes

Yes

Name and Designation of Compliance Officer:

Ms. Christabelle Baptista

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Address: Raheja Tower, Plot No. C-30, Block ‘G’,

Next to Bank of Baroda, Bandra Kurla Complex,

Bandra (East), Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400051.

Phone: 022-26565496

Fax: 022-26565451

E-mail: companysecretary@chalethotels.com

GENERAL BODY MEETINGS

Given below are the details of last three Annual General Meetings held:

Year

Particulars of

Meeting

Location

Number and Nature of

Special Resolutions passed, if any

2022-23 Wednesday,

September 14, 2022

at 3:00 p.m.

Through Audio-Video

Conference

Deemed Venue:

Raheja Tower,

Bandra Kurla Complex,

Mumbai.

Two Special Resolutions

-

To raise funds from the Promoters by way of

Unsecured Loans or Inter Corporate Deposits or any

combination thereof

-

Issue of Non-Convertible Debentures on a Private

Placement basis

2021-22 Thursday, August 12,

2021 at 4:00 p.m.

Through Audio-Video

Conference

Deemed Venue:

Raheja Tower,

Bandra Kurla Complex,

Mumbai.

Six Special Resolutions

-

Re-appointment of Mr. Sanjay Sethi (DIN: 00641243)

as: Managing

Managing Director & CEO are separately held and

the Chairperson is not in any way related to the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00641243

Date: May 09, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Annexure – B

CERTIFICATE ON COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS UNDER SEBI (LISTING

OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015

To,

The Members of

Chalet Hotels Limited

Raheja Tower, Plot No.C-30,

Block ‘G’, Next to Bank of Baroda,

Bandra Kurla Complex,

Bandra (E), Mumbai 400051.

We have examined all relevant records of Chalet Hotels Limited (further known as the Company) for the purpose of certifying

compliance of the disclosure requirements and Corporate Governance norms as specified for the Listed Companies as

prescribed in Regulations 17 to 27, Clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and paras C, D and E of Schedule

V of Chapter IV of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (‘LODR’), for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2023. We have obtained all the information and explanations to the

best of our knowledge and belief, which were necessary for the purpose of this certification.

We state that the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management, and our

examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance

of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the Financial Statements

of the Company.

In our opinion, and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that the Company

has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as specified for listed company.

We state that in respect of investor’s grievance received during the year ended March 31 2023, the Registrar and Transfer

Agent of the Company have certified that as at March 31, 2023, there were no investors’ grievances remaining unattended

/ pending to the satisfaction of the investor.

We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 09, 2023

For KDA & Associates

(Formerly known as KDT & Associates)

Practicing Company Secretaries

Ritesh Rajput

Partner

M. No: A69004 CP No: 25678

PR No.: 2154/2022

UDIN: A069004E000276805:

Managing Director (MD) and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) as a member of

the Board of Directors.

−

The Company considers Mr. Rajneesh Malhotra - Chief Operating Officer (COO), Mr. Milind Wadekar - Chief Financial

Officer (CFO) and Ms. Christabelle Baptista - General Manager – Legal, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer as

Key Management Personnel.

20. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers (Disclose trends for the past 3 years)

Category

2022-23

2021-22

2020-21

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Permanent Employees

25.51%

28.65%

26.09%

Not Available

Permanent Workers

38.50%

56.52%

41.24%

Not Available

Note: Turnover rate in current FY includes Total Employees (permanent+ other than permanent) and Total Workers

(permanent+ other than permanent)

V.

Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)

21. (a) Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures

Sr.

Name of the holding / subsidiary /

associate companies / joint ventures

Indicate whether it is

a holding / Subsidiary

/ Associate / Joint

Venture

% of shares

held by

listed entity

Does the entity indicated at

column A, participate in the

Business Responsibility initiatives

of the listed entity? (Yes/No)

1.

Chalet Airport Hotel Private Limited

Subsidiary

100%

No

2.

Sonmil Industries Private Limited

Subsidiary

100%

No

3.

Chalet Hotels & Properties (Kerala)

Private Limited

Subsidiary

90%

No

4.

The Dukes Retreat Private Limited

Subsidiary

82.3%

No:

Managing Director / functional heads

of the Company as deemed appropriate from time-to-time.

c.

Web Link of the Policies, if available

Policies - (chalethotels.com)

2

Whether the entity has translated the policy into

procedures. (Yes / No)

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

3

Do the enlisted policies extend to your value

chain partners? (Yes/No)

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

4

Name of the national and international codes/

certifications/labels/ standards (e.g., Forest

Stewardship

Council,

Fairtrade,

Rainforest

Alliance, Trustee) standards (e.g., SA 8000,

OHSAS, ISO, BIS) adopted by your entity and

mapped to each principle.

The Company’s IT System is ISO 27000 certified and has aligned its

assets as per USGBC LEED / IGBC certification.

5

Specific commitments, goals and targets set by

the entity with defined timelines, if any.

The Company has the following commitments with respect to the

Climate Group Initiatives of RE100, EP100 and EV100:

•

RE100 (Renewable Energy): Move to 100% renewable energy

by FY 2030-31.

•

EP100 (Energy Productivity): Double energy productivity

(revenue per unit of electricity consumed) by FY 2028-29 from

a base year FY 2015-16.

•

EV100 (Electric Vehicles): Move entire fleet to EVs for guest

transportation by FY 2024-25.

6

Performance of the entity against the specific

commitments, goals and targets along-with

reasons in case the same are not met.

Performance of the Company against the specific commitments

with respect to the Climate Group Initiatives of RE100, EP100 and

EV100 are as follows:

•

RE100 (Renewable Energy): The Company sourced 78% of its

electricity from renewable sources to facilitate the commitment

of moving to 100% renewable energy by FY 2030-31.

•

EP100 (Energy Productivity): The Company is strategically

investing in technology and IoT-enabled solutions such

as Digital check-ins, Mobile key, Building Management

System, IOT system for HVAC to address reduction in energy

consumption.

•

EV100 (Electric Vehicles): All Company properties are

equipped with EV charging points accessible to both

employees and visitors.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer.

The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Committee.

9

Does the entity have a specified Committee of

the Board/ Director responsible for decision

making on sustainability related issues? (Yes /

No). If yes, provide details.

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

The Company’s Corporate Social Responsibility & ESG Committee is

responsible for decision making on sustainability related issues. The

Committee is tasked with the following:

•

Formulate ‘ESG Policy’ and ‘Environment Policy’ for the

Company, covering all the areas of ESG initiatives and

engagements

•

Ensure that the Company monitors and reviews current

and emerging ESG trends as per the applicable regulatory

requirements, identify the impact on the strategy, operations

and reputation of the Company and incorporate the same into

the Company’s ESG policies and objectives

•

Set appropriate strategic goals / KPIs / associated targets

related to ESG and oversee the development and performance

against those goals, KPIs and targets

•

Ensure that the Company provides appropriate information

and is transparent in its reporting relating to ESG

•

Any other matter as the Corporate Social Responsibility & ESG

Committee may deem appropriate after approval of the Board

or as may be directed by the Board from time to time.

10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

Indicate whether review was undertaken by Director / Committee of the Board/ Any other Committee

Performance against above policies and follow up action

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Compliance with statutory requirements of relevance to

the principles, and rectification of any non-compliances

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/ Any other – please specify)

Performance against above policies and follow up action

All the policies are reviewed periodically or as the need may

arise

Compliance with statutory requirements of relevance to

the principles, and rectification of any non-compliances

Compliances are reviewed on an on-going basis and action,

if any, are taken

11. Has the entity carried out independent assessment/

evaluation of the working of its policies by an external

agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide name of the agency.

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

TUV India Private Limited provided assurance on

non-financial sustainability disclosures based on GRI

standards for FY 2022-23:

Managing Director or in his absence by the

Executive Director of the Company.

•

The Company maintains confidentiality in relation to such complaints and the resultant enquiry.

8.

Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)

Yes

9.

Assessments for the year:

% of your plants and offices that were assessed

(by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)

Child labor

100%

Forced/involuntary labor

100%

Sexual harassment

100%

Discrimination at workplace

100%

Wages

100%

Others – please specify

NA

NA is Not Applicable.

10. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from the

assessments at Question 9 above.

Not Applicable.

LEADERSHIP INDICATORS

1.

Details of a business process being modified / introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances/

complaints.

Not Applicable. No business processes are being modified / introduced by the Company as a result of addressing

human rights grievances/complaints.

2.

Details of the scope and coverage of any Human Rights Due Diligence conducted.

The Company prioritizes human rights as a material topic and views Human Rights Due Diligence (HRDD) as a risk

management strategy that assists in identifying, responding to, mitigating, and preventing adverse human rights

impacts in its own operations and supply chains. The Company has conducted Human Rights Due Diligence (HRDD)

for The Westin Mumbai Powai Lake as per global frameworks (such as OECD guidelines) to make the assessment more

robust and comprehensive.

3.

Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of

Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?

Yes. The Company ensures that all hotel premises have the required facilities to accommodate differently abled visitors

as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016

4.

Details on assessment of value chain partners:

% of value chain partners (by value of business done

with such partners) that were assessed #:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Membership No. 119057

(DIN. 00641243)

(DIN. 00010576)

Milind Wadekar

Christabelle Baptista

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

(Membership No: 116372)

(Membership No: A17817)

Hyderabad

Mumbai

July 03, 2023

July 03, 2023

` in million:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Membership No. 119057

(DIN. 00641243)

(DIN. 00010576)

Milind Wadekar

Christabelle Baptista

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

(Membership No: 116372)

(Membership No: A17817)

Hyderabad

Mumbai

July 03, 2023

July 03, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Membership No. 119057

(DIN. 00641243)

(DIN. 00010576)

Milind Wadekar

Christabelle Baptista

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

(Membership No: 116372)

(Membership No: A17817)

Hyderabad

Mumbai

July 03, 2023

July 03, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Membership No. 119057

(DIN. 00641243)

(DIN. 00010576)

Milind Wadekar

Christabelle Baptista

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

(Membership No: 116372)

(Membership No: A17817)

Hyderabad

Mumbai

July 03, 2023

July 03, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Sanjay Sethi -: Managing

Managing Director & CEO ended on 08 February, 2021 and he has been re-appointed by the Board, subject

to approval of the shareholders at the next Annual General Meeting. Consequently, proportionate remuneration from 09

February 2021 of `6.63 million is subject to approval of the shareholders.

46 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES, AS REQUIRED BY INDIAN ACCOUNTING STANDARD 24 ARE GIVEN BELOW (CONTD.)

NOTES TO THE REVISED STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 (CONTD.):

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Membership No. 119057

(DIN. 00641243)

(DIN. 00010576)

Milind Wadekar

Christabelle Baptista

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

(Membership No: 116372)

(Membership No: A17817)

Hyderabad

Mumbai

July 03, 2023

July 03, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Membership No. 119057

(DIN. 00641243)

(DIN. 00010576)

Milind Wadekar

Christabelle Baptista

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

(Membership No: 116372)

(Membership No: A17817)

Hyderabad

Mumbai

July 03, 2023

July 03, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Membership No. 119057

(DIN. 00641243)

(DIN. 00010576)

Milind Wadekar

Christabelle Baptista

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

(Membership No: 116372)

(Membership No: A17817)

Hyderabad

Mumbai

July 03, 2023

July 03, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Membership No. 119057

(DIN. 00641243)

(DIN. 00010576)

Milind Wadekar

Christabelle Baptista

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

(Membership No: 116372)

(Membership No: A17817)

Hyderabad

Mumbai

July 03, 2023

July 03, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Membership No. 119057

(DIN. 00641243)

(DIN. 00010576)

Milind Wadekar

Christabelle Baptista

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

(Membership No: 116372)

(Membership No: A17817)

Hyderabad

Mumbai

July 03, 2023

July 03, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Sanjay Sethi -: Managing

Managing Director & CEO ended on February 08, 2021 and he has been re-appointed by the Board, subject

to approval of the shareholders at the next Annual General Meeting. Consequently, proportionate remuneration from

February 09, 2021 of `6.63 million is subject to approval of the shareholders.

47 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES, AS REQUIRED BY INDIAN ACCOUNTING STANDARD 24 (IND AS 24)

ARE GIVEN BELOW (CONTD.)

NOTES TO THE REVISED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH

31, 2023 (CONTD.):

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Membership No. 119057

(DIN. 00641243)

(DIN. 00010576)

Milind Wadekar

Christabelle Baptista

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

(Membership No: 116372)

(Membership No: A17817)

Hyderabad

Mumbai

July 03, 2023

July 03, 2023:

Managing Director

& Chief Executive

Officer

No

58

4,92,80,185

Hotel Management - IHM

Pusa

34

ITC Limited : Chief

Operating Officer –

Hotel Division

February 05,

2018

0.00%

2

Amitabh Rai

Cluster General

Manager - The

Westin Hyderabad

Mindspace and The

Westin Hyderabad

HITEC City

No

52

2,04,32,765

Bachelor of Science -

Environmental Science,

Post Graduate Degree

in Hospitality from

Oberoi School Of Hotel

Management

29

Ritz-Carlton

Banglore - General

Manager

April 1, 2022

Nil

3

Kunal Chauhan

General Manager -

JW Marriott Mumbai

Sahar

No

43

1,84,04,601

Bachelor of Commerce,

Hotel Management - IHM

Jaipur & Post Graduate

Diploma in Hospitality

- The Oberoi Centre of

Learning and Development

22

Leela Bangalore -

General Manager

July 22, 2021

Nil

4

Rajneesh Malhotra

Chief Operating

Officer

No

53

1,41,34,512

Masters in Business

Administration

32

Radisson Hotel

Group: Regional

Director Operatons

April 1, 2019

Nil

5

Krishna Mohan N

Senior Vice President -

Engineering

No

60

1,15,20,790

Master in Civil Engineering

& Bachelor in Civil

Engineering

38

K. Raheja Corporate

Services Private

Limited : Sr

Vice President -

Engineering

December 1,

2018

Nil

6

Milind Wadekar

Chief Financial Officer

No

53

1,09,64,791

Chartered Accountant,

Bachelor of Commerce

31

Hotel Leela Venture

Limited : Financial

Controller

August 24,

2009

Nil

ANNEXURE TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT 2022-23:

