Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the

Company

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following

Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections

196, 197, 198 and 203 read with Schedule V and all

other applicable provisions, if any of the Companies

Act, 2013 (the “Act”), and the Companies (Appointment

and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel), 2014,

Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (“Listing Regulations”), as amended and rules

made thereunder, (including any statutory modification(s)

or amendment(s) thereto or re-enactment(s) thereof

for the time being in force), subject to the provisions

of the Articles of Association (“AoA”) of the Company,

approval of the Members of the Company, be and is

hereby accorded for appointment of Mr. Promeet Ghosh

(DIN:05307658) as the: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer of the Company

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following

Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution

“RESOLVED THAT subject to the provisions of Section

197, Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read

with the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, and other applicable

rules, if any, (including any statutory modification(s) or

re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) and

Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (“Listing Regulations”), the provisions of the

Articles of Association of the Company, the approval of

the Members of the Company, be and is hereby accorded

for payment of remuneration to Mr. Promeet Ghosh

(DIN:05307658), MD & CEO, for a term of five (5)

years with effect from May 1, 2023 to April 30, 2028

(as detailed out in the Explanatory Statement) and

with an annual increment as may be approved by the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee (“N&RC”) of the

Board/ Board of Directors, subject to a maximum of 15%

(Fifteen Percent) every year, during the tenure of his term of

Five (5) years as the MD & CEO of the Company;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of absence

or inadequacy of net profits in any Financial Year, the

remuneration payable to the MD & CEO shall be governed

by Section II of Part II of the Schedule V of the Act or any

modifications thereof or if so permitted, by the Board or

any Committee thereof;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors/

N&RC of the Company be and is hereby authorized

to alter and vary the terms and conditions of the said

appointment (including authority, from time to time, to

determine the amount of salary, the type and amount

of perquisites, bonus and other benefits payable to Mr.

Promeet Ghosh), in such manner as may be agreed to

between the Company and Mr. Promeet Ghosh, within

the limits approved by the Members and to the extent the

Board may consider appropriate;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Promeet Ghosh,

MD & CEO, shall also be entitled to an annual

performance bonus as may be determined by the N&RC/

Board of Directors in terms of the Remuneration Policy

of the Company and as per the details specified in the

Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the

Act to the resolution as per Item Nos. 6, 7 & 8 annexed

to this Notice;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Director(s)

of the Company be and are hereby authorised to settle

any question, difficulty, or doubt, that may arise in giving

effect to the aforesaid resolution including delegation of

all or any of the powers conferred on it by or under this

resolution to N&RC/ Board of Directors of and to do all

such acts and take all such steps as may be considered

necessary or expedient to give effect to the aforesaid

resolution.”

8.

Grant of Employee Stock Options to Mr. Promeet

Ghosh (DIN:05307658) as: Managing

letter

to the Scrutinizer by e-mail through its registered e-mail

address at scrutinisers@mmjc.in with a copy marked at

evoting@nsdl.co.in

6.

The voting rights of Members shall be proportionate to

their share of the paid-up equity share capital of the

Company as on the Record Date.

7.

The Members can join the AGM in the VC/ OAVM mode

15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the

commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure

mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at

the EGM/ AGM through VC/ OAVM will be made available

for 1000 members on first come first serve basis. This will

not include large shareholders (Shareholders holding 2%

or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors,

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairperson(s)

of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee,

Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the EGM/

AGM without restriction on account of first come first

serve basis.

8.

Participation of Members attending AGM through VC/

OAVM shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the

quorum under Section 103 of the Act.

9.

In accordance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars and SEBI

Circulars, the financial statements including Report of

Board of Directors, Auditor’s report or other documents

required to be attached therewith and the Notice of AGM

are being sent in electronic mode to Members whose

e-mail addresses are registered with the Company or

the Depositories/ Depository Participant(s) (“DPs”). In

case any Member is desirous of obtaining physical copy

of the Integrated Annual Report for the F.Y. 2022-23,

he/ she may send a request to the Company by writing at

crompton.investorrelations@crompton.co.in mentioning

their Folio No./ DP ID and Client ID.

The Notice calling the AGM has been uploaded on the

website of the Company at www.crompton.co.in. The

Notice can also be accessed from the websites of the

Stock Exchanges, i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock

Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and

www.nseindia.com

respectively

and

the

AGM

Notice is also available on the website of National

Securities

Depository

Limited

(“NSDL”)

(agency

for

providing

the

Remote

e-Voting

facility),

i.e.

www.evoting.nsdl.com

10. Members seeking any information with regard to the

Accounts or any matter to be placed at the AGM, Register

of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their

shareholding maintained under Section 170 of the Act,

Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which Directors

are interested under Section 189 of the Act and relevant

documents referred to in the accompanying Notice and in

the Explanatory Statement are requested to write to the

Company on or before Saturday, July 22, 2023 through

e-mail

on

crompton.investorrelation@scrompton.co.in

The same will be replied by the Company suitably.

All documents referred to in the Notice will also be

available electronically for inspection, without any

fee, by the Members from the date of circulation of

5

Notice of AGM:

Letter of Confirmation’ in lieu of physical securities

certificate(s), to the securities holder/ claimant within

30 (thirty) days of its receipt of such request after

removing objections, if any, which shall be valid for a

period of 120 (One Hundred and Twenty) days from

the date of its issuance, within which the securities

holder/ claimant shall make a request to the DP for

dematerializing the said securities.

Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular

No.

SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8

dated January 25, 2022 has mandated the listed

Companies to issue securities in demat form only

while processing service requests, viz. Issue of

duplicate securities certificate; claim from Unclaimed

Suspense Account; Renewal/ Exchange of securities

certificate; Endorsement; Sub-division/ Splitting

of securities certificate; Consolidation of securities

certificates/ folios; Transmission and Transposition.

Accordingly, Members are requested to make service

requests by submitting a duly filled and signed Form

ISR – 4, the format of which is available on the

Company’s website under the weblink at https://

www.crompton.co.in/investors/share-related-info/

Members holding equity shares of the Company in

physical form are requested to kindly get their equity

shares converted into demat/ electronic form to

get inherent benefits of dematerialisation and also

considering that physical transfer of equity shares/

issuance of equity shares in physical form have been

disallowed by SEBI.

By the order of the Board

For Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited

Rashmi Khandelwal

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Membership No. A28839

Registered Office:

Tower 3, 1st Floor, East Wing,

Equinox Business Park, LBS Marg,

Kurla (West), Mumbai - 400 070

Date: May 19, 2023

Place: Mumbai

14

Notice of AGM:

Managing Director

at KornFerry’s Leadership & Talent Consulting India and

as Asia head of Board/CEO Succession. She worked for

almost a decade (2002-2011) at Aon Hewitt. Her last stint

was as the Greater China Market leader based at Shanghai

and then Regional Leader of Consulting for the Asia Pacific

region. Earlier in her career, she held consulting roles at EY

and at PwC, as Head of the Human Capital Services. She

spent her initial career in internal HR roles in marquee Indian

companies.

In terms of the Company’s N&RC, Ms. Smita will be entitled

to receive remuneration by way of sitting fees as may be

approved by the Board for attending Board/ Committee(s)

meetings, reimbursement of expenses for participation in

meetings and such commission as may be approved by the

Board from time to time based on recommendation of the

N&RC, within the overall limits.

In terms of Section 149(10) of the Act, an Independent

Director shall hold office for a term up to five (5) consecutive

years on the Board of a company and shall be eligible for

re-appointment for another term of up to five (5) consecutive

years on passing of a special resolution by the Company.

Accordingly, it is proposed to re-appoint Ms. Smita as an

Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company, not liable

to retire by rotation, for a second term of Five (5) consecutive

years from December 10, 2023 to December 9, 2028.

15

Notice of AGM:

Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer of the Company

Item No. 7: Payment of Remuneration to Mr. Promeet Ghosh

(DIN:05307658) as: Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer of the Company

Item No. 8: Grant of Employee Stock Options to

Mr. Promeet Ghosh (DIN:05307658) as Managing Director

& Chief Executive Officer of the Company

Mr. Shantanu Khosla, currently aged 63 years, was

reappointed as Managing Director (“MD”) of the Company

for a period of 5 years, effective from January 1, 2021 till

December 31, 2025. Mr. Mathew Job, currently aged 53

years, was appointed as Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of

the Company on January 1, 2016 and was made Executive

Director & CEO effective from January 22, 2021 and resigned

from the said position to pursue opportunities outside

the organisation. Since, Mr. Khosla’s remaining tenure as

Managing Director is only about 2.5 years, the Nomination

& Remuneration Committee (“N&RC”) and Board of Directors

(“Board”) in the meetings held on April 24, 2023, as a part

of its periodic evaluation of leadership succession planning

for Mr. Khosla, elevated him as Executive Vice

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Procter & Gamble

from July 2002 to June 2015

Qualification

Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from Indian Institute of

Technology, Bombay and MBA

Experience

37 years

Expertise in specific functional area

Wide managerial experience in Consumer Products Industry

Terms and Conditions of appointment or re-

appointment

•

To be appointed as a Director

•

Liable to retire by rotation

•

Eligible for re-appointment

Remuneration sought to be paid

As may be approved by N&RC and Board from time to time

Remuneration last drawn

Total amount paid in F.Y. 2022-23 is H9,67,52,774 out of which the

variable pay is H5,43,09,408

Number of shares held in the Company

(directly or as a beneficial owner)

16,99,593

Number of Meetings of the Board attended during

the year

9

Membership/Chairmanship of Committees of the

Company

•

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee – Chairman

•

Stakeholders Relationship and Share Transfer Committee – Member

Directorships held in listed Companies

Butterfly Gandhimathi Appliances Limited

Listed companies from which resigned in the past

three years

NIL

Directorships held in other Companies (excluding

foreign, private and Section 8 Companies)

NIL

Membership/Chairmanship of Committees across

other Public Companies (listed as well as unlisted)

Butterfly Gandhimathi Appliances Limited

•

Audit Committee – Member

•

Nomination and Remuneration Committee - Member

•

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee – Chairperson

•

Risk Management Committee - Member

*: Managing Director till April 30, 2023 and elected as Executive Vice

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(“MD & CEO”)$

Date of Birth

September 5, 1968

Age

54 years

Nationality

Indian

Date of first appointment on the Board

August 16, 2016

Relationship with Directors, Managers

and KMPs

There is no relationship with other Directors

on the Board, Managers and KMPs.

Brief Profile

Mr. Ghosh is a graduate in Engineering (Electrical & Electronics) from National

Institute of Technology, Trichy and an MBA from Indian Institute of Management,

Calcutta. He has served as director on boards of various companies across

sectors and very closely involved in designing the strategic and operational

priorities of these companies along with driving performance and delivery. He

was with DSP Merrill Lynch for 18 years and helped build its business in India.

Thereafter, Mr. Ghosh was Deputy Head, Temasek India, leading the team on the

ground for nearly a decade. During his tenure, Temasek’s direct India exposure

grew significantly. After leaving the full-time role at Temasek in March 2022, he

served as an advisor to Temasek India until March 2023

Qualification

Bachelor’s degree in Engineering from Regional Engineering College, Trichy and MBA

from the Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta

Experience

31 years

Expertise in specific functional area

Wide managerial experience across multiple industries

Terms and Conditions of appointment or re-

appointment

•

To be appointed as MD & CEO for a term of five (5) years

•

Liable to retire by rotation

•

Term with Tenure of Appointment - May 1, 2023 up to April 30, 2028

• Other terms and conditions - Available on the website of the Company

www.crompton.co.in and open for inspection at the Registered Office of the

Company on all working days, during business hours up to the date of AGM

Remuneration sought to be paid

As per the resolution at Item No. 6, 7 & 8 of this Notice read with explanatory

statement thereto

Remuneration last drawn

Paid during F.Y. 2022-23

Sitting Fees – H0.07 crores

*Commission – NIL

*Members of the Company at the AGM held on July 22, 2022 approved the

payment of commission to Non-Executive Directors w.e.f F.Y. 2022-23 which shall

be paid in F.Y 2023-24

Number of shares held in the Company

(directly or as a beneficial owner)

Nil

Number of Meetings of the Board attended

during the year

9

Membership/Chairmanship of Committees of

the Company

•

Stakeholders Relationship and Share Transfer Committee – Member

(w.e.f. May 1, 2023)

•

Environmental

Social

and

Governance

Committee

–

Member

(w.e.f. May 1, 2023)

• Corporate Social Responsibility Committee - Member

Directorships held in listed Companies

Butterfly Gandhimathi Appliances Limited (w.e.f. May 12, 2023)

Listed companies from which resigned in the

past three years

NIL

Directorships held in other Companies (excluding

foreign, private and Section 8 Companies)

NIL

Membership/Chairmanship of Committees across

other Public Companies (listed as well as unlisted)

Butterfly Gandhimathi Appliances Limited (w.e.f May 12, 2023)

•

Stakeholder Relationship Committee - Chairman

•

Share Transfer Committee - Chairman

$ Non-Executive Non independent Director till April 23, 2023. Appointed as Executive Director w.e.f. April 24, 2023 and as MD

& CEO w.e.f. May 1, 2023 till April 30, 2028 subject to the approval of the Members at the AGM.

23

Notice of AGM:

Dear Shareholders,

One major initiative was the transition

of our fans business, also our largest

business to the new BEE norms. I am

pleased to inform you that we have

transitioned with 100% readiness on

the design and approvals and with

minimal disruption. We have managed

our production planning, inventory

management and switchover very

efficiently.

We also adopted a couple of

significant interventions to improve the

performance of our pumps segment.

We revamped our significant portfolio

of pumps with a refreshing brand

architecture, based on consumer

needs. Targeted pricing actions taken

to tackle specific competition in select

segments has helped to bring growth

back to the business.

Our appliances business, despite an

overall sluggish market, continued to

grow aggressively during the year under

review. We launched a differentiated

range of built in kitchen appliances in

top 10 cities starting June 2022. This

business is progressing as expected.

In March 2023, we announced the

proposed merger of Butterfly in

to Crompton through a scheme of

amalgamation & share swap ratio was

derived by independent registered

valuers on which-fairness opinion was

given by respective Merchant Bankers.

The merger is an important strategic

step in Crompton’s growth journey and

10

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

11

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

10:

Letter of Appointment setting out in detail, the terms of appointment,

duties, responsibilities, obligations, Code of Conduct for Prevention of

Insider Trading and Code of Conduct applicable to Directors. They are

also updated on all business-related issues and new initiatives.

139 Hours

29 Programmes

Board architecture

Enriched by stalwarts with diverse

experience and expertise, the Board

provides strategic guidance to the

management. It has an optimal

number of Independent Directors,

which ensures accountability and

transparency. All Board members

are accomplished individuals with

backgrounds in manufacturing,

sales, marketing, sustainability,

governance, finance, technology, cyber

security, human resource, mergers &

acquisitions, management, operations,

enterprise risk management and

academia. The Board has several

sub-committees that work together

to translate the Board’s decisions into

measurable outcomes for the business.

Rights of Shareholders

Effective shareholder

participation in key

corporate governance

decisions such as the

election of members

of the board of

directors;

To inspect statutory

registers and

documents, including

minutes books of the

general meetings, as

permitted under the

law; any other rights

as specified in the

statutory enactments

from time to time.

Opportunity to ask

questions to the

board of directors at

general meetings;

To receive Dividends

and other corporate

benefits like rights,

bonuses etc. once

approved;

Being informed of

the rules, including

voting procedures

that govern general

shareholder

meetings;

Protection of minority

shareholders from

abusive actions by,

or in the interest

of, controlling

shareholders acting

either directly

or indirectly and

effective means of

redress;

Opportunity to

participate effectively

and vote in general

shareholder

meetings;

Adequate mechanism

to address the

grievances of the

shareholders;

Right to participate in

and to be sufficiently

informed of,

decisions concerning

fundamental

corporate changes;

Exercise of

ownership rights

by all shareholders,

including institutional

investors;

Succession Planning

Succession planning is a critical

element of the human resources

strategy at the Company. As part of

the Company’s talent review process,

individual development plans are

discussed on an annual basis and

key talents are identified for potential

higher roles in the future.

[For further details please refer to page

number 198 of the Report on Corporate

Governance which is part of the

Integrated Annual Report]

*: Managing Director till April 30, 2023 and

elevated as Executive Vice

Managing Director till April 30, 2023

Executive Vice Chairman

w.e.f May 1, 2023

Ms. Hiroo Mirchandani

Independent Director

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

40

41:

Managing Director

Mr. Mathew Job#

Executive Director & CEO

Mr. P.R. Ramesh

Independent Director

Ms. Hiroo Mirchandani

Independent Director

Mr. Promeet Ghosh*: Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Kaleeswaran Arunachalam

Chief Financial Officer

Ms. Rashmi Khandelwal

Company Secretary &

Compliance Officer

Audit Committee Details |

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee |

Risk Management Committee

Nomination and remuneration committee |

Stakeholders Relationship Committee |

Key Managerial Personals

C

M

C

M

M

M

M

C

M

M

M

M

C

M

M

C

M

Chairperson

Member

M

M

C

M

The Committees memberships and

Managing Director till April 30, 2023 and elevated as Executive Vice Chairman w.e.f. May 1, 2023 to April 30, 2024 and then will assume

position of Non-Executive Director till December 31, 2025

^ Non-Executive Non-Independent Director till April 23, 2023. Appointed as Executive Director w.e.f. April 24, 2023 and as MD & CEO w.e.f.

May 1, 2023 till April 30, 2028 subject to approval of Members at the AGM

Note: Mr. Mathew Job was Executive Director of the Company till April 24, 2023 and CEO till April 30, 2023

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION &

ANALYSIS REPORT

120

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (“MD

& CEO”) and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) provide a

certification statement in this Integrated Annual Report on

the adequacy of internal control systems and procedures.

Process controls with evolving SAP solutions

Your Company is constantly working to enable IT in

key processes, embedding major controls in SAP for

accuracy. Third-party validation is initiated to ensure

system configuration effectiveness.

Periodic reviews are conducted to control authorisation

to SAP, based on function-based user access supported

by the Governance Risk and Controls module. Evolving

SAP solutions are utilised for process controls, with

continued

monitoring

through

automations

and

exception management.

Standardising processes for better decision-making

To ensure data and IT system security, your Company

has implemented a single sign-on (SSO) feature for

authorised access to the systems and applications.

Your Company is standardising processes across key

functions such as Innovation, Design, Procurement and

Quality for superior decision-making. Shared services for

Accounts Payable process have been implemented to

drive process improvement and better decision-making,

with potential for expansion to other operational areas.

The Certificate provided by MD & CEO in the Certification

Section of this Integrated Annual Report discusses the

adequacy of the internal control systems and procedures.

13.2 Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

The Company’s internal financial controls are commensurate

with the scale and complexity of its operations. The controls

were tested during the year and no reportable material

weaknesses either in their design or operations were

observed. The Company has put in place robust policies and

procedures, which inter alia, ensure integrity in conducting

its business, safeguarding of its assets, timely preparation

of reliable financial information, accuracy & completeness in

maintaining accounting records and prevention & detection

of frauds & errors.

14.

VIGIL MECHANISM/ WHISTLE-BLOWER

POLICY (“WB Policy”)

Over the years, the Company has established a reputation

for doing business with integrity and maintained zero

tolerance towards any form of unethical behavior.

Your Company has formulated a Vigil Mechanism and

WB Policy intending to provide a mechanism for

employees to report violations. It also assures them of

Accordingly, the total paid-up share capital of the

Company as on March 31, 2023 stood at ₹127.22

Crore divided into 63,61,09,719 equity shares of

₹2.00 (Rupee Two) each.

8.2 Authorised Capital

During the year under review, there was no change in the

authorised capital of the Company.

Your Company has neither issued any shares with differential

rights as to dividends, votings or otherwise nor issued any

sweat equity shares during the year under review.

9.

FINANCIAL LIQUIDITY

Consolidated

cash

and

cash

equivalent

as

on

March 31, 2023 stood at H76.84 Crore (Rupees Seventy

Six Crore Eighty Four Lakh) vis-à-vis H171.62 Crore

(Rupees One Hundred Seventy One Crore Sixty Two

Lakh) in the previous year. The Company’s working

capital management is robust and involves a well-

organized

process,

which

facilitates

continuous

monitoring and control over receivables, inventories and

other parameters.

10.

CREDIT RATING

CRISIL has reaffirmed your Company’s rating assigned

to it’s Non-Convertible Debentures (“NCD’s”) as AA+/

Stable. This reaffirms the reputation and trust the

Company has earned for its sound financial management

and its ability to meets its financial obligations.

Further, India Ratings and Research (Ind-Ra) has

assigned your Company a Long-Term Issuer Rating

136

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

137

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director & CEO (“MD & CEO”) w.e.f.

May 1, 2023 till April 30, 2028 subject to the approval

of Members of the Company at the ensuing AGM.

Mr. Shantanu Khosla has relinquished his position

as the Company’s: Managing Director w.e.f. April

30, 2023 & has elevated to the position of Executive

Vice

Letter of

Appointment setting out in detail, the terms of

appointment, duties, responsibilities, obligations,

Code of Conduct to regulate, monitor and report

trading by Designated Persons for Prevention of

Insider Trading and Code of Conduct applicable to

all Directors and Senior Management Personnel

(“SMP”). They are also updated on all business-

related issues and new initiatives.

Regular presentations and updates on relevant

statutory changes encompassing economic outlook;

market trends; peer trends; changes in laws where

Company is operating are made to the Directors at

regular Board Meetings of the Company.

The MD & CEO along with senior leadership team

make(s) presentation(s) on the performance &

strategic initiatives of the Company. Brief details

of the familiarization Programme are uploaded

on the website of the Company and can be

accessed at: https://www.crompton.co.in/wp-content/

uploads/2023/04/Familiarization-Programme-for-

FY-22-23.pdf

(b) Formal Board Performance Annual Evaluation

In terms of requirements of the Act read with the Rules

issued thereunder and the Listing Regulations, the

Board carried out the annual performance evaluation

of the Board of Directors as a whole, Committees of

the Board and individual Directors. Your Company

believes that the process of performance evaluation

at the Board level is pivotal to its Board Engagement

and Effectiveness. Criteria for Board evaluation is

duly approved by N&RC. Performance evaluation

is facilitated by the Chairman of the Board who is

supported by the Chairman of N&RC.

The process of Board Evaluation is conducted

through structured questionnaires for the Board as

a whole, Committees of the Board and individual

Directors and has been undertaken digitally.

The parameters for performance evaluation of the

Board inter alia includes the composition of the

Board, process of appointment to the Board of

Directors, common understanding of the roles and

responsibilities of the Board Members, timelines for

circulating Board papers, content and quality of the

information provided to the Board, attention to the

Company’s long-term strategic issues, evaluating

strategic risks, overseeing and guiding acquisitions,

strengths of Board Members and their contribution

to Governance etc.

The performance indicators for the Committees

inter

alia

includes

understanding

the

terms

of reference, adherence to the charters, the

effectiveness of discussions at the Committee

Meetings, the information provided to the Committee

to discharge its duties/ obligations and performance

of the Committee, support provided to the Board vis-

à-vis its responsibilities.

Performance of individual Directors was evaluated

based on parameters such as attendance at the

meeting(s), contribution to Board deliberations,

engagement with colleagues on the Board, ability to

guide the Company in key matters, knowledge, and

understanding of relevant areas, and responsibility

towards stakeholders. All the Directors were subject

to self-evaluation and peer evaluation.

The performance of the Independent Directors was

evaluated taking into account the above factors

as well as independent decision-making and

non-conflict of interest.

Further, the evaluation process was based on the

affirmation received from the Independent Directors

that they meet the independence criteria as required

under the Act and the Listing Regulations.

In

addition

to

the

questionnaires,

detailed

one-on-one in-sighting was carried out by the

Chairperson of the N&RC with individual Board

Members. A quantitative analysis and Board

Effectiveness brief with in-sighting feedback and

trends was shared by the Chairperson of the N&RC

to all the Board Members. Thereafter, the following

process was followed to assimilate and process the

feedback:

•

A separate meeting of the Independent

Directors was held on November 28, 2022

wherein

performance

of

Non-Independent

Directors including the MD and CEO, Chairman

of the Board and of the Board as a whole was

evaluated;

•

The entire Board discussed the findings of the

evaluation with the Independent Directors and

also evaluated the performance of the Individual

Directors including the MD and CEO, the Board

as a whole and all Committees of the Board;and

•

As an outcome of the above process, individual

feedback was shared with each Director.

The Board Evaluation discussion was focused on how

to make the Board more effective as a collective body in

the context of the business and the external environment

in which the Company functions. From time to time

during the year, the Board was apprised of relevant

business issues and related opportunities and risks. The

Board discussed various aspects of its functioning and

that of its Committees such as structure, composition,

meetings, functions and interaction with management

and what needs to be done to further augment the

effectiveness of the Board’s functioning.

The overall assessment of the Board was that it

was functioning as a cohesive body including the

Committees of the Board. They were functioning

well with periodic reporting by the Committees to

the Board on the work done and progress made

during the reporting period. The Board also noted

that the actions identified in the past questionnaires

based evaluations had been acted upon.

During F.Y. 2022-23, the Company actioned the

feedback from the Board evaluation process

conducted in F.Y. 2021-22.

The Board noted the key improvement areas

emerging from this exercise in F.Y. 2022-23 and

action plans to address the same are in progress.

These include strengthening the succession planning

for key positions, improving the talent management

process with specific focus on strengthening top

talent pipeline, improving the attrition rate, business

strategy and annual plan etc.

140

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

141

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director of the Company & Mr. Mathew Job

was Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer of the

Company.

Mr. Shantanu Khosla has been elevated as the Executive

Vice Chairman of the Board for a period of One (1) year

w.e.f. May 1, 2023 to April 30, 2024, and thereafter he

shall assume the position of Non-Executive Director till

December 31, 2025 as per the terms approved by the

Board. Mr. Mathew Job tendered his resignation from the

position of Executive Director on the Board w.e.f. April

24, 2023 and also resigned as the Company’s CEO w.e.f.

April 30, 2023.

The remuneration to MD and CEO includes the fixed pay

and the variable pay. The variable pay of MD and CEO is

paid annually which is determined by N&RC after factoring

in the individual performance, i.e. KPIs achieved and the

Company’s performance. There is no clawback provision in

the remuneration paid to the MD and CEO of the Company.

In terms of applicable laws, there is no mandatory stock

ownerships requirement for MD and CEO.

Stock Options granted to MD and CEO are governed by

various Employee Stock Option Plans & Performance

Share Plans of the Company as approved by Members

from time to time. N&RC is responsible for administrating

the stock incentives and performance incentives plans

of the Company and determines the eligibility of all the

employees including MD and CEO of the Company. For

granting and vesting of options, N&RC factors in both

individual performance and Company’s performance.

For details of grant, vesting and exercised options please

refer to Report on Corporate Governance which forms

part of this Integrated Annual Report.

The bifurcation of fixed pay and variable pay for MD and

CEO as on March 31, 2023 is as under:

strategies,

financial

matters

and

other

businesses.

The schedule of the Board/ Committee Meetings to be

held in the forthcoming Financial Year is circulated to

the Directors in advance to enable them to plan their

schedule for effective participation in the meetings. Due to

business exigencies, the Board has also been approving

several proposals by circulation from time to time. Your Board

of Directors met Nine (9) times during the F.Y. 2022-23. The

details of the meetings and the attendance of the Directors

are mentioned in the Report on Corporate Governance

which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.

18.2 Board Committees

The Board has established Committees as a matter of

good corporate governance practices and as per the

requirements of the Act and the Listing Regulations.

The Company has the following Eleven (11) Board-level

Committees, which have been established in compliance

with the requirements of the business and relevant

provisions of applicable laws and statutes:

1.

Audit Committee;

2.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“N&RC”);

3.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (“CSR

Committee”);

4.

Stakeholders’ Relationship & Share Transfer Committee

(“SRC”);

5.

Risk Management Committee (“RMC”);

6.

Allotment Committee for allotment of shares arising

out of Stock Options;

7.

Strategic Investment Committee (“SIC”);

8.

Committee for Debentures;

9.

Environment Social and Governance Committee

(“ESG Committee”);

10. Executive Committee for achieving Minimum Public

Shareholding (‘‘MPS’’) in Company’s subsidiary

M/s. Butterfly Gandhimathi Appliances Limited;

11. Committee of Commercial Papers.

The composition, terms of reference, number of meetings

held and business transacted by the Committees are

mentioned in the Report on Corporate Governance which

forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.

The details and composition of the mandatory

Committees of the Board is as follows:

19.1

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises of Four (4) Members. The

Committee is chaired by Mr. D. Sundaram (Independent

Director). The other Members of the Committee are

Mr. P. M. Murty (Independent Director), Mr. H. M. Nerurkar

(Independent Director), and Mr. P. R. Ramesh (Independent

Director). Details of the role and responsibilities of the

Audit Committee, the particulars of meetings held

and attendance of the Members at such Meetings are

mentioned in the Report on Corporate Governance, which

forms part of this Integrated Annual Report. During the

year under review, all the recommendations made by the

Audit Committee were accepted by the Board.

19.2

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

(“CSR”) COMMITTEE

The CSR Committee comprises of Five (5) Members

out of which Three (3) are Independent Directors. The

Committee is chaired by Mr. Shantanu Khosla (Executive

Vice-Chairman w.e.f. May 1, 2023). The other Members

of the Committee are Mr. H. M. Nerurkar (Independent

Director), Mr. D. Sundaram (Independent Director),

Ms. Smita Anand (Independent Director) and Mr. Promeet

Ghosh (MD & CEO w.e.f. May 1, 2023). Details of the role

and responsibilities of the CSR Committee, the particulars

of meetings held and attendance of the Members at

such Meetings are mentioned in the Report on Corporate

Governance, which forms part of this Integrated Annual

Report.

In compliance with Section 135 of the Act read with

the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy)

Rules, 2014 as amended, the Company has set up

CSR Committee and statutory disclosures with respect

to the CSR Committee and an Annual Report on CSR

Activities forms part of this Report as Annexure 3. The

CSR Policy as recommended by the CSR Committee and

as approved by the Board is available on the website

of the Company and can be accessed at: https://www.

crompton.co.in/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/Corporate-

Social-Responsibility-Policy-1.pdf

19.3

NOMINATION

&

REMUNERATION

COMMITTEE (“N&RC”)

As on the date of this report, the N&RC comprises of

Four (4) Members.

The Committee is chaired by Mr. P. M. Murty

(Independent Director). The other Members of the

Committee are Mr. D. Sundaram (Independent Director),

Mr. H. M. Nerurkar (Independent Director), Ms. Smita

Anand (Independent Director) and Mr. Promeet Ghosh

till May 1, 2023. Pursuant to the appointment of

Mr. Promeet Ghosh as Exceutive Director w.e.f. April 24,

2023 and as MD & CEO w.e.f. May 1, 2023, he ceased to

be the member of N&RC w.e.f. May 1, 2023. Details of

the role and responsibilities of the N&RC, the particulars

of meetings held and attendance of the Members at

such Meetings are mentioned in the Report on Corporate

Governance, which forms part of this Integrated

Further pursuant to elevation of Mr. Shantanu Khosla

& resignation of Mr. Mathew Job, the N&RC and Board

resolved to merge both the positions into a combined role

and appoint one person as MD & CEO of the Company to

ease the organizational hierarchy and thereby drive the

execution excellence.

The N&RC and Board at its meeting held on April 24,

2023 appointed Mr. Promeet Ghosh, who was a Non-

Executive Non Independent Director on the Board of

the Company since 2016, to take over as the MD & CEO

subject to the approval of the Members of the Company.

The appointment of Mr. Promeet Ghosh & payment of

remuneration forms part of the ensuing AGM notice.

18.

NUMBER OF MEETINGS OF THE BOARD &

ITS COMMITTEES

18.1 Board meetings

Regular meetings of the Board and its Committees are

held to discuss and decide on various business policies,

Fixed and Variable pay - Mr. Shantanu Khosla, MD*

41.36

58.64

Fixed

Variable

Fixed and Variable pay - Mr. Mathew Job, Executive Director & CEO**

42.57

57.43

Fixed

Variable

* Ceased to be MD w.e.f. April 30, 2023

** Ceased to be Executive Director w.e.f. April 24, 2023 & ceased to be CEO w.e.f. April 30, 2023

142

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

143

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director nor the Whole-time

Directors of the Company receive any remuneration

or commission from any of its subsidiaries;

4.

No fraud has been reported by the Auditors to the

Audit Committee or the Board;

5.

Issue of Shares including Sweat Equity Shares to the

employees of the Company under any scheme as

per provisions of Section 54(1)(d) of the Act;

6.

No instances of non-exercising of voting rights in

respect of shares purchased directly by employees

under a scheme pursuant to Section 67(3) of the Act;

7.

Disclosure of reason for difference between

valuation done at the time of taking loan from bank

and at the time of one-time settlement. There was

no instance of onetime settlement with any Bank or

Financial Institution;

8.

There was no revision in the Financial Statements;

9.

There has been no change in the nature of business

of the Company as on the date of this report; and

10. There are no proceedings, either filed by the

Company or filed against Company, pending under

the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 as

amended, before National Company Law Tribunal or

other courts during the F.Y. 2022-23.

51.

RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS

•

right to participate in, and to be sufficiently informed of,

decisions concerning fundamental corporate changes;

•

opportunity to participate effectively and vote in

general shareholder meetings;

•

being informed of the rules, including voting

procedures

that

govern

general

shareholder

meetings;

•

opportunity to ask questions to the Board of

Directors at general meetings;

•

effective shareholder participation in key corporate

governance decisions such as election of Members

of Board of Directors;

•

exercise of ownership rights by all shareholders,

including institutional investors;

•

adequate mechanism to address the grievances of

the shareholders;

•

protection of minority shareholders from abusive

actions by, or in the interest of, controlling

shareholders acting either directly or indirectly, and

effective means of redress;

•

to receive dividends and other corporate benefits like

rights, bonus etc. once approved; and

•

to inspect statutory registers and documents,

including minutes books of the general meetings, as

permitted under law; and

•

any other rights as specified in the statutory

enactments from time to time.

52.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Your Directors wish to convey their gratitude and

appreciation to all the employees of the Company posted

at all its locations for their tremendous personal efforts

as well as collective dedication and contribution to the

Company’s performance.

Your Directors would also like to thank the employee

unions,

members,

customers,

dealers,

suppliers,

bankers, Government and all other business associates,

consultants and all the stakeholders for their continued

support extended to the Company and the Management.

53.

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT

Statements in the Board’s Report and the Management

Discussion and Analysis describing the Company’s

objectives,

projections,

estimates,

expectations

or

predictions may be “forward looking statements” within

the meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations.

Actual results could differ materially from those expressed

or implied. Important factors that could make a difference

to the Company’s operations include global and Indian

demand supply conditions, finished goods prices, feed

stock availability and prices, cyclical demand and pricing in

the Company’s principal markets, changes in government

regulations, tax regimes, economic developments within

India and the countries within which the Company

conducts business and other factors such as litigation

and labour negotiations. The Company is not obliged to

publicly amend, modify or revise any forward-looking

statement, on the basis of any subsequent development,

information or events or otherwise.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

H. M. Nerurkar

Place: Mumbai

Chairman

Date: May 19, 2023

DIN: 00265887

DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY

1. PREAMBLE

Regulation 43(A) of the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) requires

the top 1000 listed entities based on their market

capitalisation calculated on March 31 of every Financial

Year to formulate a Dividend Distribution Policy which

shall be disclosed in their Integrated Reports and on their

websites. a Dividend Distribution Policy.

The Company being one of the top one thousand listed

companies as per the market capitalisation as on the last

day of the immediately preceding Financial Year, frames

this Policy to comply with the requirements of the Listing

Regulations.

2. PHILOSOPHY/ OBJECTIVE

The Dividend Policy of the Company aims to strike

a balance between the dual objectives of rewarding

shareholders through Dividends and ploughing back

earnings to support sustained growth.

The objective of this Policy is to reward the shareholders

of the Company by sharing a portion of the profits, whilst

also ensuring that sufficient funds are retained for future

growth of the Company. Towards this end, the Policy

lays down parameters to be considered by the Board

of Directors of the Company for declaration of Dividend

from time to time. Through this Policy, the Company

would endeavour to maintain a consistent approach to

Dividend pay-out plans.

3. DEFINITIONS

“Act” shall mean the Companies Act 2013 and the

rules made thereunder, including any modifications,

amendments or re-enactment thereof.

“Applicable Laws” shall mean the Companies Act,

2013 and the rules made thereunder, the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015; as amended

from time to time and such other act, rules or regulations

which provides for the distribution of Dividend.

“Board or Board of Directors” shall mean the Board of

Directors of the Company.

“Company” shall mean Crompton Greaves Consumer

Electricals Limited and wherever the context requires,

shall signify the Company acting through its Board.

“Dividend” shall mean Dividend as defined under the

Companies Act, 2013.

“Financial Year” shall mean the period beginning from

1st April of every year to 31st March of the succeeding

year

“Policy or this Policy” shall mean this Dividend

Distribution Policy and as may be amended from time to

time.

“SEBI Regulations” shall mean the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 together

with the circulars issued thereunder, including any

statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for

the time being in force.

4. PARAMETERS

FOR

DECLARATION

OF

DIVIDEND

In line with the philosophy stated above, the Board of

Directors of the Company, shall consider the following

parameters for declaration of Dividend:

FINANCIAL PARAMETERS / INTERNAL FACTORS:

●

Consolidated net operating profit after tax;

●

Accumulated reserves;

●

Working capital requirements;

●

Capital expenditure requirements;

●

Resources required to fund acquisitions and/or new

businesses;

●

Cash flow required to meet contingencies;

●

Outstanding borrowings;

●

Past Dividend Trends (Whenever applicable);

●

Earnings outlook;

●

Expected future capital / liquidity requirements;

●

Any other relevant factors and material events.

EXTERNAL FACTORS:

●

Prevailing legal requirements, regulatory conditions

or restrictions laid down under the Applicable Laws

including tax laws;

●

Dividend pay-out ratios of companies in the same

industry.

ANNEXURE 1

156

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

157

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this

report.

‘Annexure A’

To,

The Members,

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in Secretarial records. We believes that the process and practices, We followed provide a reasonable basis for

our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events, etc.

5.

The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Parikh & Associates

Company Secretaries

Mitesh Dhabliwala

Partner

FCS No: 8331 CP No: 9511

Place: Mumbai

UDIN: F008331E000310798

Date: May 15, 2023

PR No.: 1129/2021

168

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

169

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

Managing Director upto April 30, 2023 and elevated as Executive Vice Chairman w.e.f. May 1, 2023 to April 30, 2024 and then will assume position

of Non-Executive Director till December 31, 2025

** Executive Director till April 24, 2023 and Chief Executive Director till April 30, 2023

$ Non-Executive Non-Independent Director till April 23, 2023. Appointed as Executive Director w.e.f. April 24, 2023 and as MD & CEO w.e.f.

May 1, 2023 till April 30, 2028 subject to approval of Members at the ensuring AGM

Sr.

No.

Name of Director/ KMP

Designation

% decrease in Remuneration

in F.Y. 2022-23*

1

Mr. Shantanu Khosla

Executive Vice Chairman $

13.08%#

2

Mr. Mathew Job

Chief Executive Officer ₹

7.31%

3

Mr. Sandeep Batra**

Chief Financial Officer

47.36%

4

Ms. Pragya Kaul^

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

17.66%

5.

Mr. Kaleeswaran Arunachalam@

Chief Financial Officer

Not Applicable

6.

Ms. Rashmi Khandelwal^^

Company Secretary

Not Applicable

b. The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Financial Officer (CFO),

Company Secretary or Manager, if any, in the Financial Year:

The percentage Increase/ Decrease in remuneration of each Director, Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Financial Officer

(CFO), Company Secretary or Manager, if any, in F.Y. 2022-23 is provided in the table below:

$: Managing Director till April 30, 2023 and elevated as Executive Vice

Managing Director and

CEO, who were not related to one another;

•

The audit report of the Company’s Financial Statements

for the F.Y. ended March 31, 2023 is unmodified;

•

The Internal Auditor of the Company directly reports to

the Audit Committee of the Board; and

•

The Company follows a robust process of communicating

with the members which have been elaborated in this

Report under the heading “Means of Communication”.

Integrity

Your Company is committed to achieve highest standards of

integrity, transparency, and business ethics. The Company

follows high ethical standards in its dealings with all its

stakeholders, including members, employees, customers,

value chain partners, regulators, investors, and the

community.

Transparency

For us, transparency is key to healthy, self-sustaining growth

and promotes self-enforcing checks and balances. It also

fosters deep and long-standing trust among our stakeholders.

We strive to demonstrate the highest levels of transparency,

over and above statutory requirements, through accurate

and prompt disclosures.

Fairness

We practice fair play and integrity in our transactions with all

stakeholders, both within and outside the organisation. We

conduct ourselves in the most equitable manner.

Core

Principles of

Corporate

Governance

Integrity

Fairness

Adherence to Law

Transparency

Accountability

REPORT ON CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE &

ANNEXURES

179

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

letter and spirit is a key guiding principle. Your Company

believes that effective compliance and risk management

activities will drive the corporate performance.

A Report on compliance with the Corporate Governance

provisions as prescribed under the SEBI Listing Regulations

is given below:

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors (“Board”) is responsible for the

strategic supervision and overseeing the management

performance and governance of the Company on behalf

of the Members and other stakeholders. Crompton is a

professionally managed Company functioning under the

overall supervision of the Board. The Board has ultimate

responsibility of reviewing and guiding corporate strategy,

major plans of action, risk policy, annual budgets and

business plans, setting performance objectives, monitoring

implementation, and corporate performance, and overseeing

major capital expenditures, acquisitions, mergers, general

affairs, direction, performance and long-term success of the

business as a whole.

We believe that an active, well-informed, diversified and

independent Board is necessary to ensure the highest

standards of corporate governance. At Crompton, the Board

is at the core of our corporate governance practices. The

Board oversees the management’s functions and protects

the long-term interests of our stakeholders.

The Board sets out the overall corporate objectives and

provides direction and independence to the management to

achieve these objectives for value creation through sustained

growth. The Board seeks accountability of the management

in creating long-term sustainable growth to ensure that

the aspirations of stakeholders are fulfilled. It also sets out

standards of corporate behavior and ensures compliance

with laws and regulations impacting the Company’s business.

The primary role of the Board is that of trusteeship to protect

and to enhance shareholder value. As trustees, the Board

has a fiduciary responsibility to ensure that the Company has

clear goals aligned to shareholder value.

The Company’s Board is an ideal mix of knowledge,

perspective,

professionalism,

divergent

thinking

and

experience. Board’s uniqueness lies in the fact that the Board

balances several deliverables, achieves sound corporate

governance objectives and acts as a catalyst in creation of

stakeholder value.

Availability of information to Board Members

The Board has unrestricted access to all Company related

information, including that of our employees. At Board

Meetings, functional heads who can provide additional

insights on their areas are invited. Information is provided to

the Board Members on a continuous basis for their review,

inputs and approval. Strategic and operating plans along

with the Annual Budgets are also presented to the Board in

addition to the quarterly and annual financial statements.

Specific cases of acquisitions, important managerial decisions,

material positive/ negative developments and statutory

matters are presented to the Committees of the Board and

later, with the recommendation of the Committees, to the

Board for its approval. As a process, information to Directors

is submitted along with the agenda well in advance of Board/

Committee Meetings. Inputs and feedback of Board Members

are taken and considered while preparing the agenda and

documents for the Board Meetings. At these Meetings,

Directors provide their inputs and suggestions on various

strategic and operational matters. The Board also invites

experts from the industry and seeks their valuable opinions

on various strategic/ operational/ governance matters to

ensure a comprehensive review on the subject and to arrive

at suitable decisions.

Committees of Directors

The independent Board Committees engage through the

year to deliver best-in-class governance practices and

periodically review the policy framework to maintain its

robustness. Having regard to the significant contributions

that Committees make in assisting the Board of Directors in

discharging its duties and responsibilities, the Board through

its Committees closely monitor various areas of business.

The Committees of the Board function as an extended arm of

the Board and play a pivotal role in ensuring good governance

while also periodically monitoring the affairs of the Company.

The Committees of the Board are:

(i)

Audit Committee

(ii) Nomination & Remuneration Committee ("N&RC")

(iii) Stakeholders’ Relationship & Share Transfer Committee

("SRC")

(iv) Corporate Social Responsibility Committee ("CSR")

(v) Risk Management Committee ("RMC")

(vi) Strategic Investment Committee ("SIC")

(vii) Environmental, Social & Governance Committee ("ESG")

(viii) Committee of Debentures

(ix) Allotment Committee for allotment of shares arising out

of Stock Options

(x) Committee of Commercial Papers

(xi) Executive Committee for achieving Minimum Public

Shareholding

(‘‘MPS’’)

in

Company’s

subsidiary

M/s. Butterfly Gandhimathi Appliances Limited

The matters of the Board are segregated and delegated to

the Committees as under:

●

Audit Committee is responsible for, inter alia, review of

internal controls and audit systems, oversight on risk

management systems, financial reporting, compliance

issues

and

vigil

mechanism,

appointment

and

remuneration of various auditors of the Company and their

scope of work and approval of related party transactions

etc. The Audit Committee additionally also meets to have

detailed deliberations inter-alia, on matters relating to

Governance, Risk Management, Statutory Compliances,

Internal Controls, Internal Audit, and other matters. The

Audit Committee also discusses the summary of cases

(if any) and the status of compliance under Prevention

of Sexual Harassment Policy, Company’s Prevention of

Insider Trading Policy, the Code of Conduct and Whistle

Blower Policy.

●

N&RC is responsible for, inter alia, recommendation and

approval of remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel(s) and Senior Management Personnel. The

Committee also acts as the Compensation Committee

for the purpose of administration of the several Employee

Stock Option Plans ("ESOPs"), as amended from time

to time. N&RC is also entrusted with the responsibility

of framing the criteria for evaluation of the individual

Directors, Chairperson of the Board, the Board as a

whole and its Committees. It also routinely evaluates the

working and effectiveness of the Board and manages

the succession planning for Board Members and Key

Managerial Personnel.

●

SRC is responsible for inter alia various aspects of

interest of the stakeholders, monitoring the performance

of the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent ("RTA") and

recommends measures for overall improvement of

the quality of investor services as and when the need

arises, resolve the grievances of the security holders of

the Company including complaints related to transfer/

transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report,

non-receipt of declared dividends and issue of duplicate

share certificates, etc.

●

CSR Committee recommends, reviews and monitors

the impact of CSR initiatives taken by the Company.

The role of CSR Committee includes formulating and

recommending to the Board, the CSR Policy and

CSR activities to be undertaken by the Company,

recommending the amount of expenditure to be incurred

and reviewing the performance of the Company in

the areas of CSR and to strive for overall sustainable

development in the conduct of Company’s business.

●

RMC assists the Board in monitoring and reviewing

the risk management plan and implementation of the

risk management and mitigation framework of the

Company. The main objective of the RMC is to assist

the Board in fulfilling its corporate governance oversight

responsibilities

with

regard

to

the

identification,

evaluation and mitigation of risks including risks related

to cyber security.

●

The SIC assists in evaluation and assessment of Strategic

Investment opportunities feasible for the Company and

to make recommendations to the Board on such strategic

investment/ disinvestment opportunities.

●

The ESG Committee is responsible to support the

Company’s on-going commitment to environmental, health

and safety, sustainability, and other public policy matters

relevant to the Company (collectively “ESG Matters”).

The Committee is also responsible for reporting

progress of various initiatives and in making appropriate

disclosures on a periodic basis.

●

The Committee of Debentures is constituted for issue

and allotment of Non-Convertible Debentures and for

approval of matters connected thereto.

●

The Board of the Company constituted the Allotment

Committee for allotment of shares arising out of the

exercise of stock options by Eligible Employees under

various ESOP Schemes of the Company.

●

The Committee of Commercial Paper is responsible

for issue and allotment of Commercial Papers and for

approval of matters connected thereto.

●

The Executive Committee is constituted for the purpose

of deciding and approving the way of achieving Minimum

Public Shareholding ("MPS") in Company’s subsidiary

M/s.

Butterfly

Gandhimathi

Appliances

Limited

("Butterfly").

COMPOSITION OF BOARD

Crompton’s Board comprises the requisite combination of

Independent and Non-Independent Directors, including

Independent Women Directors in line with the Regulation 17

and 17A of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with Section

149 of the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act").

180

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

181

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director & CEO ("MD & CEO")

for a period of Five (5) years. He has been appointed

as an Executive Director on the Board w.e.f. April

24, 2023 and assumed charge as MD & CEO w.e.f.

May 1, 2023 up till April 30, 2028 subject to the approval of

the Members at the ensuing AGM.

We believe that a truly diverse Board will leverage differences

in thought, perspective, regional and industry experience,

cultural and geographical background, age, ethnicity, race,

gender, knowledge and skills, including expertise in financial,

global business, leadership, information technology, Mergers

& Acquisitions (M&A), board service and governance, sales

and marketing, ESG, risk management and cybersecurity and

other domains, to ensure that Company retains its competitive

advantage.

The Board of Directors comprises of highly qualified and

experienced persons of repute and eminence, who ensure that

the time-honoured culture of maintaining sound standards of

corporate governance are further nurtured. The Board sets

out the overall corporate objectives and provides direction

and independence to the management to achieve these

objectives for value creation through sustained growth. The

Board seeks accountability of the management in creating

long-term sustainable growth to ensure that the aspirations

of stakeholders are fulfilled. It also sets out standards of

corporate behaviour and ensures compliance with laws and

regulations impacting the Company’s business.

The Composition of the Board represents an optimal mix of

professionalism, knowledge and experience and enables the

Board to discharge its responsibilities and provide effective

leadership to the Company's business.

The profiles of Board Members encompassing details of age,

date of initial appointment, tenure on Board, term ending

date, shareholding, Board memberships in Indian listed

companies, committee details as per Regulation 26 of the

SEBI Listing Regulations and areas of expertise are given in

the forth coming sections.

There are no inter-se relationships between our Board

Members. The Company does not have any pecuniary

relationship with any of the Non-Executive Directors.

As on March 31, 2023, the Board of your Company comprises

of Nine (9) directors, out of which Seven (7) Directors were

Non-Executive Directors (77.78% NED’s representation on

the Board). The Chairman of the Board is Non-Executive

Independent Director. Out of Six (6) Independent Directors

("ID's"), which comprises more than half of the Board, Two

(2) are women Directors (22.22% women representation

on Board). The composition of the Board of your Company

is in conformity with the SEBI Listing Regulations as well as

provisions of the Act.

As on the date of this Report, the Board of your Company

comprises of Eight (8) Directors, out of which Six (6) Directors

were Non-Executive Independent Directors ("NED's & ID's")

(75% NED's & ID's representation on the Board.) Out of

Six (6) Independent Directors ("ID's") which comprises more

than half of the Board, Two (2) are women ID's (25% women

representation on the Board).

Your Company has formulated and adopted the Nomination

and Remuneration Policy to ensure that the composition of

the Board is optimum, balanced and diverse to benefit from

fresh perspectives, new ideas and broad experience.

During the year under review, none of the IDs on the Board of

the Company have resigned.

In terms of the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing

Regulations, the Directors of the Company submit necessary

disclosures regarding the positions held by them on the

Board and/ or the Committees of other companies with

changes therein, if any, on periodical basis. On the basis of

such disclosures, it is confirmed that as on March 31, 2023,

none of the Directors of the Company:

•

holds Directorship positions in more than Twenty (20)

companies [including Ten (10) public limited companies

and Seven (7) listed companies;

•

holds Executive Director position and serves as an

Independent Director in more than Three (3) listed

companies;

•

is a Member of more than Ten (10) Committees and/ or

Chairperson of more than Five (5) Committees, across

all the Indian public limited companies in which they are

Directors; and

•

None of the Directors have attained the age of

Seventy-Five (75) years.

For the purpose of calculating the limit of the Board

Committees, Chairpersonships and Memberships, Audit

Committee and SRC has been considered as per Regulation

26(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

Size and Composition of the Board as on March 31, 2023

Board Diversity

Duties and Functions of the Board

The Board of Directors primary responsibility is to foster the

Company’s short and long-term success through sustainable

continuance and progress of its business and thereby create

value for its stakeholders. To this end, the Board of Directors sets

out the corporate culture, lays down high ethical standards of

corporate behaviour and ensures transparency in their dealings.

The Board has the responsibility to oversee the conduct

of the Company’s business and to supervise and support

the Management, who is responsible for the day-to-day

operations. It does this by providing strategic guidance,

monitoring operational performance and ensuring that robust

policies and procedures are in place. The Board through its

various Committees also reviews the identified risks and the

mitigation measures undertaken/ to be undertaken in respect

thereof, ensures integrity in the Company’s accounting and

financial reporting systems, adequacy of internal controls

and compliance with all relevant laws and discharges its

functions towards CSR. In particular, the Board basis the

recommendation of Audit Committee reviews and approves

quarterly/ half-yearly unaudited financial results and the audited

annual financial statements (both consolidated and standalone),

corporate strategies, business plans, annual budgets, sets

corporate objectives and monitors their implementation and

oversees major capital expenditure. It monitors overall operating

performance, Health & Safety ("H&S") performance and reviews

such other items which requires Board’s attention. It directs and

guides the activities of the Management towards achieving

set goals and seeks accountability. The agenda for the Board

Meetings covers items as set out in the SEBI Listing Regulations

to the extent that they are relevant and applicable. All agenda

items are supported by relevant information, documents and

presentations to enable the Board to take informed decisions.

The agenda is sent to the Directors within the period stipulated

in the Secretarial Standards. The Board processes are also

in consonance with the requirements of the Secretarial

Standard-1 ("SS-1") relating to the meetings of the Board

and its Committees. All the recommendations of the various

Committees of the Board have been accepted by the Board and

none of the Directors are influenced by the Management.

Non-Executive

Non-Independent

Director

Executive

Director

Non-Executive

Independent

Director

22%

11%

66%

Composition of Board

Male

Female

22%

78%

Present Tenure of Directors in years

2

0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

5

2

< 2 Years

> 5 Years

2 to 5 Years

Average Tenure in year (category-wise)

6.58

5.09

4.83

4.93

Non-Executive Non Independent Director

Executive Director

Non-Executive Independent Director

The Board

182

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

183

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

The MD & CEO is at the helm of operations and is responsible

for the Company’s day-to-day operations, which inter alia

includes implementation of strategy, monitoring of the

external and internal competitive landscape, new industry

developments, standards, identifying opportunities for

expansion, acquisition, building relationships with customers,

markets with an eye to enhance shareholder value,

implementation of the organization’s vision, mission & overall

direction, provides strategic directions, lays down policy

guidelines and ensures the implementation of the decisions

of the Board through its various Committees. The MD & CEO

acts under the guidance of the Board of Directors and is a link

between the Board & the Management.

Independent Directors ("IDs")

IDs play an eminent role in the governance processes of the

Board, by virtue of their varied expertise and experience, they

enrich the Board’s decision-making and prevent possible

conflicts of interest that may emerge in such decision-making

and safeguards the interests of all stakeholders.

The appointment of IDs is carried out in a structured manner

in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the SEBI

Listing Regulations. The N&RC identifies candidates based

on certain laid down criteria and takes into consideration the

need for diversity on the Board and accordingly makes its

recommendations to the Board of Directors.

The Board confirms that based on the written affirmations

received from each IDs, all the IDs fulfils the conditions

as stipulated in the Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, as amended, read with Section 149(6) of the

Act along with rules framed thereunder and are independent

of the Management. Further, the IDs have also registered

their names in the Databank maintained by the Indian

Institute of Corporate Affairs as mandated in the Companies

(Appointment and Qualification of Directors), Rules, 2014, as

amended. They have also given the online self-assessment

proficiency test and cleared the same within the timelines

as prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”),

to whomever it was applicable. None of the IDs have any

other material pecuniary relationship or transaction with

the Company or Directors, or Senior Management which, in

their judgement, would affect their independence. In terms of

Regulation 25(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, they have

confirmed that they are not aware of any circumstance or

situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that

could impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties.

Based on the disclosures received from all IDs and in the

opinion of the Board, all the IDs fulfils the criteria relating

to their independence as specified in the SEBI Listing

Regulations and the Act.

Key Skills, Expertise, Competence of the Board of Directors

The Board comprises of professionals, distinguished, qualified

and experienced members who bring in the requisite skills,

expertise and competence that allows them to make a valuable

contribution to the Board and its Committees. The Board

Members take an active part at the Board and Committee

Meetings and provide valuable guidance to the Management

on various aspects of business, governance and compliance,

amongst others. The Board’s guidance provides foresight,

enhances transparency and adds value in decision-making.

Skills Identified

Coverage

Industry Acumen

Industry experience through detailed knowledge of the Company or the sector in which it

operates, as well as those who understand the broader industry environment.

Financial

Ability to analyse and understand the key financial statements, assess financial viability

of the projects & efficient use of resources, experience in the fields of taxation, audit,

financial management, banking insurance and investments, treasury, fund raising, private

equity, venture capital investments and internal controls. Leadership experience in handling

financial management of a large organization.

Gender, Nationality

or other Diversity

Representation of gender, geographic, cultural or other perspectives that expand the

Board’s understanding of the needs and viewpoints of customers, partners, employees,

governments and other stakeholders.

Leadership

Extended leadership experience resulting in a practical understanding of organisation,

processes, strategic planning, and risk management.

Talent Development

Experience in Leadership Development and ensuring an ongoing process exists which

continuously enhances the knowledge and capability of key talent to enable these managers

to effectively lead the organisation in achieving key strategic initiatives.

Mentoring Ability

Demonstrated strengths in developing talent, succession planning, and driving change and

long-term growth.

Innovation &

Technology

Understanding the use of digital/ information technology across the business, ability to

anticipate technological driven changes & disruption impacting business and appreciation of

the need of cyber security and controls across the organization and a significant background

in technology, resulting in knowledge as to how to anticipate technological trends, generate

disruptive innovation and extend or create new business models.

Mergers and

Acquisitions

A history of leading growth through acquisitions and other business combinations, with

the ability to assess “make or buy” decisions, analyse the fit of a target with the Company’s

strategy and culture, accurately value transactions, and evaluate operational integration

plans.

Board Service

and Governance

Service on a public listed company board to develop insights about maintaining board and

management accountability, protecting shareholder interests, and observing appropriate

governance practices.

Sales and

Marketing

Experience in developing strategies to grow sales and market share, build brand

competitiveness, awareness and equity, and build a strong corporate reputation.

Compliance

and Risk

Experience and background in regulatory affairs and regulatory policies, procedures and

risk management.

Sustainability

and ESG

Experience in leading the sustainability and ESG visions of organizations, to be able to

integrate these into the strategy of the Company.

General

Management

Experience in leading well-governed large organisations, possessing intrinsic leadership

skills including the ability to appropriately represent the Company, set appropriate Board

and organisation culture.

Strategy &

Operations

Ability to think strategically, identify and assess strategic opportunities & threats and

contribute towards developing effective strategies in the context of the strategic objectives

of the Company’s policies & priorities and Demonstrated strengths in developing talent,

succession planning, driving change and long term growth.

Cybersecurity

Experience in assessing and managing cybersecurity-related risks and in implementing the

cybersecurity policies, procedures, and strategies.

Table below summaries the key skills, expertise and competence required for the Company and is taken into consideration while

nominating candidates to serve on the Board.

184

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

185

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director till April 30, 2023 and elevated as Executive Vice Chairman w.e.f. May 1, 2023 to April 30, 2024 and then will assume position of

Non-Executive Director till December 31, 2025

# Executive Director till April 24, 2023 and Chief Executive Officer till April 30, 2023

* Tenure on Board is considered as an Director

186

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

187

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director till April 30, 2023 and elevated as Executive Vice Chairman w.e.f. May 1, 2023 to April 30, 2024 and then will assume position of

Non-Executive Director till December 31, 2025

$$ Non-Executive Non-Independent Director till April 23, 2023. Appointed as Executive Director w.e.f. April 24, 2023 and as MD & CEO w.e.f. May 1, 2023

till April 30, 2028 subject to approval of Members at the ensuing AGM

Board Meetings

The dates for the Board Meetings for the next year are fixed

well in advance. The Company conducts thematic Board

Meetings to deep dive in the areas like Compliance, Enterprise

Risk Management, Supply Chain, Manufacturing Excellence,

Innovation, Digitization, Succession Planning etc.

A detailed Agenda, setting out the business to be transacted at

the Meeting(s), supported by detailed notes and presentations,

if any, is sent to the Directors in advance before the date of

the Board Meeting(s) and the Committee Meeting(s) through

a web-based solution. A soft copy of the said agenda(s) is

uploaded on the Board portal at least Seven (7) days before the

Meeting. The Directors are also provided the facility of video-

conferencing to enable them to participate effectively in the

Meeting(s). The Chairman or the Company Secretary propose

the Agenda for each Meeting, along with the explanatory

notes, in consultation with the MD & CEO.

Input and feedback from the Board Members are taken and

considered while preparing the agenda and documents for the

Board and Committee Meetings.

To enable the Board to discharge its responsibilities effectively

and take informed decisions, the MD & CEO apprise the Board

at every Meeting of the overall performance of your Company,

followed by presentation(s) by the others. A detailed functional

report is also presented at the Board Meeting(s).

The Board sets annual performance objectives, oversees the

actions and results of the management, evaluates its own

performance, the performance of its Committees and individual

Directors on an annual basis and monitors the effectiveness

of the Company’s governance practices for enhancing the

stakeholders’ value.

Minimum Attendance in Board Meetings as mandated by law

Average Attendance in the Board Meetings

91.35%

33.33%

The Company has established a framework for the Meetings of the Board and its Committees which seeks to systematize the

decision-making process at the Meetings in an informed and efficient manner.

Apart from the Board Members and the Company Secretary, the Board and Committee Meetings are also attended by Chief

Financial Officer and other departmental/ functional heads wherever required.

The Meetings are generally held at the Company’s Registered & Corporate Office located at Tower 3, 1st Floor, East Wing, Equinox

Business Park, LBS Marg, Kurla (West), Mumbai - 400 070.

The Board has complete access to all Company-related information, including that of employees. Information is provided to the

Board Members on a continuous basis for their review, inputs and approval.

There were Nine (9) Board Meetings held during F.Y. 2022-23.

The Composition of Board as on March 31, 2023 and details of the Members participation at the Board Meeting are as under:

66.67%

Independence

9

Members

9

Meetings

91.35%

Attendance

The details of the Board Meetings and participation at the Meetings are as under:

Attendance of Directors at Board meetings and Annual General Meeting

Board of Directors

Meeting Date

May 27,

2022

June 13,

2022

July 22,

2022

August

25, 222

September

14, 2022

October

26, 2022

November

28, 2022

February

2, 2023

March

25, 2023

Last

AGM

July, 22,

2022

Mr. H. M. Nerurkar

Mr. Shantanu Khosla*

Mr. Mathew Job#

LOA

Mr. D. Sundaram

Mr. P. M. Murty

LOA

Ms. Smita Anand

LOA

LOA

LOA

LOA

Mr. P. R. Ramesh

Ms. Hiroo

Mirchandani

LOA

Mr. Promeet Ghosh$

*: Managing Director till April 30, 2023 and elevated as Executive Vice

Managing Director, Executive Director & Chief Executive

Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and

Head Audit - Risk & Control also attended the meetings. The

Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary to

the Committee.

Activities of the Committee during the year

Frequency

To identify the internal and external risks,

inter alia, financial, operational, sectoral,

sustainability/ ESG, information, cyber

security risks, legal and regulatory risks

Half- Yearly

Oversee the implementation of the risk

management policy and the adequacy of

risk management systems

Periodically

Ensure

appropriate

methodology,

processes and systems are in place to

monitor and evaluate risks

Half- Yearly

Reviewing

and

reassessing

the

adequacy of the Committee’s charter and

recommended any proposed changes to

the Board for approval

Periodically

Reviewing and approving the Enterprise

Risk Management Framework of the

Company

Annually

Undertaking

an

annual

performance

evaluation of its own effectiveness

Annually

The Composition of RMC as on March 31, 2023 and details of

the Members participation at the Meeting of the Committee

are as under:

100%

Independence

4

Members

2

Meetings

100%

Attendance

Name

Designation

Meeting Date

30-08-

2022

01-02-

2023

Mr. D. Sundaram

Chairman

Mr. H. M. Nerurkar

Member

Mr. P. M. Murty

Member

Mr. P. R. Ramesh

Member

STRATEGIC INVESTMENT COMMITTEE ("SIC")

The Board of Directors of the Company constituted the

SIC for evaluation and assessment of Strategic Investment

opportunities feasible for the Company and to make

recommendations to the Board of Directors on such strategic

investment/ disinvestment opportunities.

The Composition of SIC as on March 31, 2023 is as under:

Name

Designation

Mr. H. M. Nerurkar

Chairman

Mr. D. Sundaram

Member

Mr. P. M. Murty

Member

Mr. Shantanu Khosla

Member

Ms. Smita Anand

Member

Mr. Mathew Job#

Member

# Ceased to be Member w.e.f. April 24, 2023

ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

COMMITTEE ("ESG")

The Board of Directors of the Company constituted the ESG

Committee on May 21, 2021 with an objective of supporting

its ongoing commitment to environment, health and safety,

social responsibility, governance and sustainability matters.

The Composition of ESG Committee as on March 31, 2023 is

as under:

Name

Designation

Mr. Promeet Ghosh

Chairman

Mr. P. M. Murty

Member

Mr. Mathew Job#

Member

Ms. Hiroo Mirchandani**

Member

# Ceased to be Member w.e.f. April 24, 2023

** Appointed as Member w.e.f. May 1, 2023

Terms of reference for ESG Committee are

A) Oversight of ESG Matters

The Committee will have, without limitation, the following

duties and responsibilities:

•

Recommend to the Board the Company’s overall

general strategy with respect to ESG Matters.

•

Oversee the Company’s policies, practices and

performance with respect to ESG Matters.

•

Oversee the Company’s reporting standards in

relation to ESG Matters.

•

To set the tone and reinforce the culture within the

Company regarding sustainability, promote open

discussion and integrate ESG management into the

Company’s processes and goals.

•

To assist in overseeing internal and external

communications

with

employees,

investors,

customers,

suppliers

and

other

stakeholders

regarding the Company’s position on or approach

to ESG matters, including by coordinating and

reviewing, as appropriate, draft responses, reports

or other disclosures to stakeholders.

•

To consider the current and emerging ESG

matters that may affect the business, operations,

performance or public image of the Company.

•

To maintain metrics, systems and procedures, as

deemed necessary and appropriate, to monitor and

track ESG matters.

•

Report to the Board current and emerging topics

relating to ESG Matters that may affect the

business, operations, performance, or public image

of the Company or are otherwise pertinent to the

Company and its stakeholders and, if appropriate,

detail actions taken in relation to the same.

•

Advise the Board on stockholder proposals and

other significant stakeholder concerns relating to

ESG Matters.

•

Perform any other activities consistent with this

Charter, the Company’s Articles of Association and

Memorandum of Association as this Committee

or the Board may deem necessary, advisable or

appropriate for the Committee to perform.

B) Report to the Board of Directors

The Committee must report regularly to the Board

regarding the activities of the Committee.

ALLOTMENT COMMITTEE

The Board of Directors of the Company constituted the

Allotment Committee for allotment of shares arising out of

the exercise of stock options by Eligible Employees under

ESOP Schemes of the Company.

The

Composition

of

Allotment

Committee

as

on

March 31, 2023 is as under:

Name

Designation

Mr. H. M. Nerurkar

Member

Mr. P. M. Murty

Member

During the year, the Allotment Committee has approved

allotment of 27,03,760 shares arising out of the exercise of

stock options by Eligible Employees.

COMMITTEE OF DEBENTURES

The Board of Directors of the Company constituted the

Committee of Debentures for issue and allotment of

Non-Convertible Debentures and for approval of matters

connected thereto.

The Composition of Committee of Debentures as on

March 31, 2023 is as under:

During the year, the Company has redeemed 1,500

Secure, Rated, Redeemable, Non-Convertible Debentures

(“NCDs”) of face value of ₹10,00,000 each aggregating to

₹150 Crore and have allotted 9,250 NCDs of face value of

₹10,00,000 each aggregating to ₹925 Crore.

There was One (1) Committee of Debenture Meeting held

during F.Y. 2022-23.

The Composition of Committee of Debenture as on

March 31, 2023 and details of the Members participation at

the Meeting of the Committee are as under:

33.33%

Independence

3

Members

1

Meeting

100%

Attendance

Name

Designation

Meeting Date

04-07-2022

Mr. D. Sundaram

Chairman

Mr. Shantanu Khosla

Member

Mr. Promeet Ghosh*

Member

*appointed w.e.f. June 13, 2022

204

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

205

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Director's Remuneration

The Board has approved payment of sitting fees to the

Non-Executive Directors, i.e. ₹50,000 for Board Meetings and

₹30,000 for the Committee Meetings. Apart from payment

of sitting fees, the Members at the 2nd AGM of the Company

held on August 11, 2016, have also approved payment of

commission to the Company’s Non-Executive Directors,

collectively, up to 1% of net profits, as permitted by the Act.

Additional commission is paid to the Chairman of the Board,

the Chairman of the Audit Committee and the Chairman

of the N&RC for their enhanced roles and responsibilities

as Chairman. Further, the Members of the Company at the

8th AGM held on July 22, 2022 have approved the payment

of Commission to the Non-Executive including Independent

Directors, collectively upto 1% of the net profits, as permitted

by the Act.

Executive Directors’ Remuneration

As on March 31, 2023 Mr. Shantanu Khosla, Managing

Director and Mr. Mathew Job, Chief Executive Officer were

the only Executive Directors on the Board of the Company.

The annual remuneration package of Mr. Khosla and Mr. Job

constitutes a fixed salary component including a basket of

allowances/ reimbursements; a variable pay component

and stock options as approved by the N&RC and the Board

of Directors, from time to time. The variable pay of MD and

CEO is paid annually which is determined by N&RC after

factoring in the individual performance, i.e. KPIs achieved

and the Company’s performance. There was no claw back

provision in the remuneration paid to MD and CEO of the

Company. In terms of applicable laws, there is no mandatory

stock ownerships requirements for MD and CEO in terms of

laws applicable in India. Additionally, the MD and CEO were

entitled to grant of employee stock options under various

ESOP Schemes of the Company.

206

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

207

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director till April 30, 2023 and elevated as Executive Vice Chairman w.e.f. May 1, 2023 to April 30, 2024 and then will assume position of

Non-Executive Director till December 31, 2025

# Executive Director till April 24, 2023 and CEO till April 30, 2023

$ Non-Executive Non-Independent Director till April 23, 2023. Appointed as Executive Director w.e.f. April 24, 2023 and as MD & CEO w.e.f. May 1, 2023 till

April 30, 2028 subject to the approval of the Members at the ensuing AGM

@ Variable Pay and Commission is for the F.Y. 2021-22 paid in F.Y. 2022-23

Notes:

a. Notice period is Three (3) months;

b. Variable Pay is performance-linked and gets paid on the basis of actual performance parameters (including sales growth,

profit before tax (growth and as % to sales), cash from operations etc. and as may be fixed by the N&RC and Board from

time to time. All other components are fixed; and

c. Executive Directors are not entitled to severance pay, commission or sitting fees for attending Board and Committee

Meetings.

(₹ in Crore)

Particulars

Crompton Employees Stock Options Plans

Mr. Shantanu Khosla,: Managing Director*

Mr. Mathew Job, Executive Director &

Chief Executive Officer#

Schemes

PSP-1-2016

PSP-2-2016

ESOP 2019

PSP-1-2016

ESOP 2019

No. of options granted

47,00,596

31,33,731

20,13,875

47,00,596

15,10,406

Effective date of grant

October 25, 2016

October 25, 2016

January 21, 2021

October 25, 2016

January 21, 2021

Options Vested

46,19,088

30,79,392

5,03,469

46,19,088

3,77,602

Options Unvested

-

-

4,02,775

-

-

Options Cancelled

81,508

54,339

11,07,631

81,508

11,32,804

Vesting period

Not earlier than

1 year and not

later than 10

years from the

date of grant of

Options

Not earlier than

1 year and not

later than 10

years from the

date of grant of

Options

Not earlier than

1 year and not

later than 5

years from the

date of grant of

Options

Not earlier than 1

year and not later

than 10 years

from the date of

grant of

Options

Not earlier than 1

year and not later

than 5 years from

the date of grant

of

Options

Vesting Conditions

Time based and

performance

based

Time based and

performance

based

20% each year

over a 5-year

period based on

performance

Time based and

performance

based

20% each year

over a 5-year

period based on

performance

Exercise Period

October 2017 to

October 2027

October 2017 to

October 2027

January 2022 to

January 2031

October 2017 to

October 2027

January 2022 to

January 2031

Exercise Price

₹92.83

₹185.66

₹405.95

₹92.83

₹405.95

*Managing Director till April 30, 2023 and elevated as Executive Vice

Managing Director,

in the event of exercise of ESOPs; and

2. Managerial remuneration of

Mr. Mathew Job (DIN:02922413),

Executive Director and Chief

Executive Officer, in the event of

exercise of ESOPs.

6th AGM

2020-21

Registered Office

Through VC/

OAVM

July 24,

2020 at

3.00 P.M.

1. Re-appointment of Mr. Shantanu

Khosla (DIN:00059877) as the: Managing

Managing Director and

Firm’s Registration No. 105047W

DIN: 00265887

Chief Executive Officer

DIN: 05307658

Srividya Vaidison

D. Sundaram

Partner

Director

Membership No. 207132

DIN: 00016304

Kaleeswaran Arunachalam

Rashmi Khandelwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

M. No. A28839

Mumbai

Mumbai

19th May, 2023

19th May, 2023

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31st March, 2023

H crore

Particulars

Notes

As at

31st March, 2023

As at

31st March, 2022

II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity

(a) Equity share capital

10

127.22

126.68

(b) Other equity

11

2,711.75

2,328.98

Total equity

2,838.97

2,455.66

Liabilities

(1) Non-current liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities

(i) Borrowings

12 A

597.18

-

(ii) Lease liabilities

30

52.20

43.54

(iii) Trade payables

14 A

(a) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and

small enterprises

-

-

(b) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro

enterprises and small enterprises

13.19

8.07

(b) Provisions

13 A

131.23

109.55

Total non-current liabilities

793.80

161.16

(2) Current liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities

(i) Borrowings

12 B

325.00

1,555.25

(ii) Lease liabilities

30

25.80

33.63

(iii) Trade payables

14 B

(a) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and

small enterprises

217.61

109.99

(b) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro

enterprises and small enterprises

676.64

742.29

(iv) Other financial liabilities

15

68.30

39.05

(b) Other current liabilities

16

79.78

115.35

(c) Provisions

13 B

111.85

113.72

(d) Current tax liabilities (net)

7.93

-

Total current liabilities

1,512.91

2,709.28

Total liabilities

2,306.71

2,870.44

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

5,145.68

5,326.10

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements

Standalone Balance Sheet (Contd..)

as at 31st March, 2023

As per our report of even date attached

For and on behalf of Board of Directors

For M S K A & Associates

H.M. Nerurkar

Promeet Ghosh

Chartered Accountants

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director and

Firm’s Registration No. 105047W

DIN: 00265887

Chief Executive Officer

DIN: 05307658

Srividya Vaidison

D. Sundaram

Partner

Director

Membership No. 207132

DIN: 00016304

Kaleeswaran Arunachalam

Rashmi Khandelwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

M. No. A28839

Mumbai

Mumbai

19th May, 2023

19th May, 2023

Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended 31st March, 2023

(A) EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL

Particulars

As at 31st March, 2023

As at 31st March, 2022

No. of Shares

Amount

₹ crore

No. of Shares

Amount

₹ crore

Balance as at the beginning of the reporting year

63,34,05,959

126.68

62,76,91,353

125.54

Changes in equity share capital during the year

27,03,760

0.54

57,14,606

1.14

Balance as at the end of the reporting year

63,61,09,719

127.22

63,34,05,959

126.68

₹ crore

Particulars

Reserves and Surplus

Other

comprehensive

income

Total

Other

Equity

Capital

Reserve

Securities

premium

Employee

stock options

outstanding

account

Debenture

redemption

reserve

Retained

earnings

Remeasurement

gain / (loss) on

defined benefit

plans

Balance as at 1st April, 2021

0.05

24.01

162.53

75.00

1,530.68

1.18

1,793.45

Profit for the year

-

-

-

-

593.48

-

593.48

Dividends paid

-

-

-

-

(156.96)

-

(156.96)

Securities premium received

-

59.20

-

-

-

-

59.20

Amount transferred to / (from) Securities

premium

-

61.66

(61.66)

-

-

-

-

Amount transferred to / (from) Retained

earnings

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Movement in Other comprehensive income

for the year

-

-

-

-

-

2.05

2.05

Employee compensation expense for the

year (Refer Note 23)

-

-

37.76

-

-

-

37.76

Balance as at 31st March, 2022

0.05

144.87

138.63

75.00

1,967.20

3.23

2,328.98

Profit for the year

-

-

-

-

475.56

-

475.56

Dividends paid

-

-

-

-

(158.41)

-

(158.41)

Securities premium received

-

41.06

-

-

-

-

41.06

Amount transferred to / (from) Securities

premium

-

23.58

(23.58)

-

-

-

-

Amount transferred to / (from) Retained

earnings

-

-

(1.81)

(75.00)

76.81

-

-

Movement

in

Other

comprehensive

income for the year

-

-

-

-

-

(1.31)

(1.31)

Employee compensation expense for the

year (Refer Note 23)

-

-

25.88

-

-

-

25.88

Balance as at 31st March, 2023

0.05

209.51

139.12

-

2,361.15

1.92

2,711.75

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements

(B) OTHER EQUITY

276

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

277

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director and

Firm’s Registration No. 105047W

DIN: 00265887

Chief Executive Officer

DIN: 05307658

Srividya Vaidison

D. Sundaram

Partner

Director

Membership No. 207132

DIN: 00016304

Kaleeswaran Arunachalam

Rashmi Khandelwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

M. No. A28839

Mumbai

Mumbai

19th May, 2023

19th May, 2023

278

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

279

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

(from 1st May, 2023)

Mr. Shantanu Khosla,: Managing Director (upto 30th April, 2023); Vice

Director's sitting fees

0.48

0.70

Commission

1.60

1.00

Total

83.33

199.82

7

Donations paid

Crompton (CSR) Foundation

13.15

11.96

Total

13.15

11.96

*Short-term benefits for the current year include ₹ 48.62 crores (previous year: ₹ 153.69 crores) on account of exercise of stock options

Notes:

a)

Liabilities for post retirement benefits being Gratuity, Leave encashment and Post retirement medical benefits are

provided on actuarial basis for the Company as a whole. The amount pertaining to Key management personnel are not

included above.

b)

The Company has granted shares under various Schemes to the eligible Key Management Personnel. The amount

mentioned is the fair value of the grant charged to Statement of profit and loss.

32 Related Party Disclosures (Contd..)

vi) Amount due to / from related parties

H crore

Sr.

No. Nature of transaction

As at

31st March, 2023

As at

31st March 2022

1

Other Receivable

Butterfly Ganthimathi Appliances Limited

2.73

-

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited Employees' Gratuity Trust

1.73

3.20

Total

4.46

3.20

2

Other Payable

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited Employees'

Superannuation Fund

0.09

0.08

Commission Payable to Key Management Personnel

1.60

1.00

Total

1.69

1.08

H crore

Particulars

2022-23

2021-22

(a) Basic earnings per share

Numerator for earnings per share

Profit after tax

₹ crore

475.56

593.48

Denominator for earnings per share

Weighted number of equity shares outstanding during the year

Nos

63,49,86,510

62,82,28,014

Earnings per share - Basic (one equity share of ₹ 2 each)

₹

7.49

9.45

(b) Diluted earnings per share

Numerator for earnings per share

Profit after tax

₹ crore

475.56

593.48

Denominator for earnings per share

Weighted number of equity shares outstanding for basic EPS during

the year

Nos

63,49,86,510

62,82,28,014

Add: Weighted average number of potential equity shares on

account of Employee Stock Option Schemes

Nos

22,16,124

27,83,037

Weighted number of equity shares outstanding for diluted EPS

during the year

Nos

63,72,02,634

63,10,11,051

Earnings per share - Diluted (one equity share of ₹ 2 each)

₹

7.46

9.41

Notes:

a)

All the related party contracts/ arrangements have been entered on arms’ length basis.

b)

The amount of outstanding balances as shown above are unsecured and will be settled/ recovered in cash.

33 Earnings Per Share (EPS)

Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company by the

weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the year.

Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted

average number of Equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of Equity shares that would

be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential Equity shares into Equity shares.

324

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

325

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director and

Firm’s Registration No. 105047W

DIN: 00265887

Chief Executive Officer

DIN: 05307658

Srividya Vaidison

D. Sundaram

Partner

Director

Membership No. 207132

DIN: 00016304

Kaleeswaran Arunachalam

Rashmi Khandelwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

M. No. A28839

Mumbai

Mumbai

19th May, 2023

19th May, 2023

342

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

343

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director and

Firm’s Registration No. 105047W

DIN: 00265887

Chief Executive Officer

DIN: 05307658

Srividya Vaidison

D. Sundaram

Partner

Director

Membership No. 207132

DIN: 00016304

Kaleeswaran Arunachalam

Rashmi Khandelwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

M. No. A28839

Mumbai

Mumbai

19th May, 2023

19th May, 2023

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31st March, 2023

J crore

Particulars

Notes

2022-23

2021-22

Income

I.

Revenue from operations

20

6,869.61

5,394.11

II.

Other income

21

66.78

72.65

III. Total Income (I+II)

6,936.39

5,466.76

IV. Expenses

Cost of materials consumed

22

1,734.96

1,193.91

Purchase of stock-in-trade

23

3,011.32

2,467.57

Changes in inventories of finished goods,

stock-in-trade and work-in-progress

24

(65.93)

40.30

Employee benefits expense

25

540.80

362.39

Finance costs

26

109.18

35.31

Depreciation and amortisation expense

2

115.92

42.28

Other expenses

27

877.99

560.49

Total Expenses (IV)

6,324.24

4,702.25

V.

Profit before exceptional items and tax (III-IV)

612.15

764.51

Exceptional items

28

-

12.97

VI. Profit before tax

612.15

751.54

VII. Tax expenses:

Current tax

178.62

159.52

Adjustment of tax relating to earlier periods

(16.71)

3.97

Deferred tax (credit)/ charge

19

(26.16)

9.67

Total Tax expenses (VII)

135.75

173.16

VIII. Profit for the year (VI-VII)

476.40

578.38

IX. Other comprehensive income

(i)

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

Remeasurements gain / (loss) on defined benefit plans

(3.33)

2.74

(ii) Income tax related to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

0.99

(0.69)

Other comprehensive income for the year (net of tax) (IX)

(2.34)

2.05

X.

Total comprehensive income for the year (VIII+IX)

474.06

580.43

Profit attributable to:

Owners of the Holding Company

463.21

578.38

Non-controlling interests

13.19

-

Other Comprehensive income attributable to:

Owners of the Holding Company

(2.17)

2.05

Non-controlling interests

(0.17)

-

Total Comprehensive income attributable to:

Owners of the Holding Company

461.04

580.43

Non-controlling interests

13.02

-

XI. Earnings per equity share (in ₹) of face value of ₹ 2 each

36

1.

Basic

7.29

9.21

2.

Diluted

7.27

9.17

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements

As per our report of even date attached

For and on behalf of Board of Directors

For M S K A & Associates

H.M. Nerurkar

Promeet Ghosh

Chartered Accountants

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director and

Firm’s Registration No. 105047W

DIN: 00265887

Chief Executive Officer

DIN: 05307658

Srividya Vaidison

D. Sundaram

Partner

Director

Membership No. 207132

DIN: 00016304

Kaleeswaran Arunachalam

Rashmi Khandelwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

M. No. A28839

Mumbai

Mumbai

19th May, 2023

19th May, 2023

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended 31st March, 2023

J crore

Particulars

2022-23

2021-22

[A] CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Profit before tax

612.15

751.54

Adjustments for:

Depreciation and amortisation expense

115.92

42.29

Finance cost

109.18

35.31

(Gain)/loss on sale of property, plant and equipment

(3.75)

0.14

Share-based payments to employees

27.17

37.76

Net gain on sale/ fair valuation of investments

(15.75)

(36.94)

Interest income

(45.92)

(28.52)

Unrealised exchange (gain) / loss (net)

(2.69)

1.12

Exceptional items

-

12.97

184.16

64.13

Cash generated from operations before working capital changes

796.31

815.67

Adjustments for:

(Increase) / Decrease in trade receivables

(70.62)

(61.74)

(Increase) / Decrease in inventories

(22.81)

7.29

(Increase) / Decrease in other financial and non financial assets

(14.89)

16.46

Increase / (Decrease) in trade payables

33.49

57.71

(Decrease) / Increase in other financial and non financial liabilities

(33.62)

64.05

Increase / (Decrease) in provisions

4.59

16.73

(103.86)

100.50

Cash generated from operations

692.45

916.17

Income tax paid (net of refunds)

(139.86)

(179.82)

Net cash generated from operating activities [A]

552.59

736.35

[B] CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Add:

Inflows from investing activities

Interest received

43.18

37.03

Proceeds from sale of Investment in subsidiary (net)

161.08

-

Proceeds from current investments (net)

91.75

182.85

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

8.28

0.56

304.29

220.44

Less: Outflows from investing activities

Investment in subsidiaries

672.96

1,392.97

(Increase) / Decrease in other bank balances and term deposits

(710.93)

392.17

Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

(including assets under development & capital advances)

79.10

171.15

41.13

1,956.29

Net cash generated from / (used in) investing activities [B]

263.16

(1,735.85):

Managing Director and

Firm’s Registration No. 105047W

DIN: 00265887

Chief Executive Officer

DIN: 05307658

Srividya Vaidison

D. Sundaram

Partner

Director

Membership No. 207132

DIN: 00016304

Kaleeswaran Arunachalam

Rashmi Khandelwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

M. No. A28839

Mumbai

Mumbai

19th May, 2023

19th May, 2023:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

(from 1st May, 2023)

Mr. Shantanu Khosla,: Managing Director (upto 30th April, 2023); Vice

Managing Director and

Firm’s Registration No. 105047W

DIN: 00265887

Chief Executive Officer

DIN: 05307658

Srividya Vaidison

D. Sundaram

Partner

Director

Membership No. 207132

DIN: 00016304

Kaleeswaran Arunachalam

Rashmi Khandelwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

M. No. A28839

Mumbai

Mumbai

19th May, 2023

19th May, 2023:

