Dear Stakeholders,

I am delighted to present to you our

Annual Report for the Financial Year

(FY) 2022-23.

Before I reflect on the year gone by,

I must mention that July 1, 2023,

marked the centenary birth anniversary

of Dr. Brijmohan Lall Munjal.

An entrepreneur-par-excellence, an

institution builder, a philanthropist,

an innovator, a statesman, a spiritual

soul, and above all, a proud Indian,

he continues to be an inspiration

to everyone in the Hero family and

beyond. While we embark on this

journey celebrating his legacy, this

Annual Report also pays a heartfelt

tribute to him.

Reflections on the

year gone by

I feel proud of the way Hero MotoCorp

has navigated through a volatile and

challenging environment in FY 2022- 23.

Despite slackening demand in the

two-wheeler industry, the Company

has been focused and resilient, and

delivered double-digit growth over the

previous year, successfully retaining its

coveted position of being the world’s

largest manufacturer of motorcycles

and scooters for 22 consecutive years.

This performance is a testament to

the trust the consumer has reposed

on Brand Hero – a conviction built

on the unwavering commitment to

quality and value that our products and

services offer.

Guided by our Vision – ‘Be the Future of

Mobility’, we envisage Hero MotoCorp

as a catalyst in bringing advanced

mobility solutions that exceed the ever-

evolving requirements of a diverse set

of customers. Additionally, we are also

launching new and innovative products,

developing a worry-free ecosystem for

green mobility, nurturing the market

through better customer connect,

and increasing the affordability of our

products and services.

Hero – a partner in the

‘journey of life’

So, what makes Hero an integral part in

the lives of millions of our customers for

generations? Since its inception in 1984,

Hero has been instrumental in providing

convenient fuel-efficient mobility

solutions to its customers, empowering

them to move ahead in life.

Brand Hero and the India story have

grown together. Hero has played the

role of a catalyst by making a significant

contribution to India’s rise from a

‘developing’ nation to a formidable

global power. Beginning with a small

plant, manufacturing bicycle parts in

the early 1950s to mopeds in 1974,

then moving on to motorcycles in

1984, and to the present day with a

global footprint in 47 countries and

counting, the ‘Made in India’ Hero

has been a key growth enabler in the

automotive industry.

We have led defining moments in the

industry. Our joint venture with Honda

saw the Company take a giant leap

in developing products, processes,

and technologies on a global scale.

We ushered in the industry’s first

four-stroke motorcycle and went

on to achieve market leadership

through a combination of factors,

including continuous innovation and

development of new models.

Today, we are on the cusp of developing

new-age products for the future.

Inspiring the

Future of Mobility

Chairman’s Message

The current fiscal year is a

milestone year for everyone

in the Hero ecosystem.

July 1, 2023, marked the

100th birth anniversary of

our Founder Chairman and

my beloved father,

Dr. Brijmohan Lall Munjal.

The next-gen two-wheelers will

address an even broader market in

which the electric vehicle segment,

premium motorcycles, and scooters are

likely to be the dominant categories.

Geopolitical turbulence

keeps the world on edge

Socio-political and economic

developments in any part of the world

today have a ripple effect globally. Just

when everyone was expecting a return

to normalcy after the pandemic, the

world continues to remain uncertain

due to the volatile geopolitical situation

created by the protracted Russia-

Ukraine conflict.

Central banks of major economies

are continuing their efforts to control

inflation that has originated from

this long conflict and to navigate

recessionary trends so that the

economic slowdown can be controlled.

They have succeeded to a certain extent

with global headline inflation slackening

on the back of lower commodity prices.

However, the International Monetary

Fund (IMF) predicts that underlying

core inflation will likely decline slowly,

remaining around 7% levels in FY 2022-

231. Understandably, consumption

demand remains subdued. With China

alternating between Covid outbreaks,

its economy has failed to provide

succour and the US and European

economies have limited hope to offer as

they face a prolonged period of low GDP

growth that can carry forward

into FY 2023-242.

India holds out hope,

epitomises resilience

Amid global headwinds, India has

emerged as an oasis of economic

resurgence. Well-timed core sector

spending, targeted fiscal interventions

1 https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/

WEO/Issues/2023/04/11/world-economic-

outlook-april-2023

2 https://www.morganstanley.com/ideas/

economic-outlook-mid-year-2023-global-

gdp-slowing

Celebrating the legacy of our

Founder Chairman, Dr. Brijmohan

Lall Munjal

Dr. Pawan Munjal

Executive Chairman, Hero MotoCorp

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION

AND ANALYSIS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

28

29

Hero MotoCorp Ltd. | Annual Report 2022-23:

Dear Stakeholders,

As I take to the wheel as Chief

Executive Officer (CEO) of your

Company, I want to thank each one

of you for travelling alongside us

on this growth journey for the past

so many years. I am truly honoured

to write to you and would like to

express my gratitude for the trust and

confidence that you have placed in our

organisation and me.

Hero MotoCorp has now been the

world’s No. 1 producer of two-wheelers

for 22 years in a row! We have a vast

network of dealers reaching every nook

and corner of the country, unmatched

scale and size, multiple power brands,

factories that imbibe sustainability,

state-of-the-art Research and

Development (R&D) centres, and a

presence across 47 countries globally.

Chief Executive Officer’s Message

What a Company to work for! I am truly

proud to be a part of this legacy and am

committed to building on it in the years

to come.

We will continue to preserve the core

values that have made us successful

even as we embrace innovation and

keep pushing boundaries. By striking

a balance between tradition and

progress, we will build a future that

respects our legacy while driving us

towards new horizons. By changing

gears, we will navigate the exciting

road ahead.

We find ourselves at a pivotal moment,

where technological advancements,

shifting consumer demands and global

sustainability concerns are reshaping

the road ahead. The industry is

transforming, and we must respond

with agility, innovation, and a

forward-thinking mindset. In fact,

we must not only respond but also stay

ahead, and shape the industry, and the

dynamic world of mobility.

Our market leadership has been

pervasive across the Entry and Deluxe

segments. We have very strong brands

in these segments – HF Deluxe,

Splendor, Glamour, and Passion. Some

of these brands command more than

60% market share in their category.

The opportunity remains exponential,

as even today, the household

penetration in India is less than half

of the per household vehicle usage in

comparable Southeast Asian countries.

As the bottom of the pyramid income

levels rise and demand for mobility

increases, we are going to make this

happen. Our role in this segment,

therefore, is not only about growing

market share anymore but also about

growing the market size itself. Hence

‘Grow the Core’ is our new mantra.

Our strong bonds bind

us together – each of

you, our shareholders,

vendors, suppliers,

dealers and partners –

make us who we are.

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION

AND ANALYSIS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

34

35

Hero MotoCorp Ltd. | Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director. Ms. Vasudha

Dinodia has been an astute marketing

strategist who has scaled Choko La

to be a globally recognised, premier

chocolate brand with its presence

across the US, Europe and Asia. The

brand has seven Premium Chocolate

Boutiques and has partnered with

global Duty-Free operators across

13 international airports, including

Singapore, Macau, Delhi, Mumbai,

Bengaluru, Chennai, Kolkata,

Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Goa, Jaipur,

Raipur, and the new outlets would be

coming up in other major international

airports across the globe. The brand

plans to expand their boutiques to

London, Paris, New York, Dubai, Sydney

and Tokyo in the coming years.

A trendsetting chocolatier and an

astute businesswoman, Ms. Dinodia

has grown the brand and diversified it

to create a Choko la Constellation that

is unique in its approach to customer

satisfaction. The brand offers a wide

array of products and services ranging

from customised gifting to cafes

and boutiques.

Dr. Pawan Munjal

Executive Chairman and

Whole-time Director

Dr Pawan Munjal is one of India’s

renowned corporate leaders,

championing growth, socio-economic

progress, and technological innovations.

He is the Executive Chairman and Whole

-Time Director of Hero MotoCorp,

the world’s largest manufacturer of

motorcycles and scooters.

With his leadership, Hero MotoCorp

achieved the coveted title of the world’s

largest manufacturer of motorcycles in

2001 and has successfully retained this

position to date – for 22 consecutive

years. The Company has also surpassed

the milestone of 112 million units in

cumulative production and sales.

Dr Munjal has consistently

demonstrated visionary leadership

to guide Hero MotoCorp, to not just

consolidate its leadership status, but

also expand its global footprint across

multiple continents. Hero MotoCorp

currently sells its products in over

47 countries across Asia, Africa,

Latin America and the Middle East.

The company has eight world-class

manufacturing facilities, of which six

are located in India and one each in

Colombia and Bangladesh; and two

Research & Development Centres in

Jaipur, Rajasthan and Munich, Germany.

Hero MotoCorp has rapidly transformed

into a large multinational organisation,

with people from nearly a dozen

countries now working in the Company.

The Company is also championing

Diversity & Inclusion and Sustainability

initiatives across its global offices. In

keeping with the Company's Vision, "Be

the Future of Mobility", Dr. Munjal has

led Hero MotoCorp to embark on new

partnerships with global brands like

Harley-Davidson and Zero Motorcycles

to develop future-ready and

technology-driven mobility solutions.

In March 2022, Dr. Munjal unveiled

Vida, Powered by Hero, a brand-

new identity for emerging mobility

solutions, including upcoming Electric

Vehicles (EV).

Dr Munjal has held executive positions

at key Indian industry bodies -

Confederation of Indian Industry (CII)

and Society of Indian Automobile

Manufacturers (SIAM). In February

2022, Dr Munjal was conferred with

the All India Management Association

(AIMA) JRD Tata Corporate Leadership

Award for the Year 2021-22.

A sporting Hero, Dr Munjal firmly

believes in the transformational power

of sports in society and its ability to

transcend borders and connect people.

Hero MotoCorp is one of the largest

corporate promoters of multiple

sporting disciplines and continues to

be associated with golf, soccer, field

hockey, cricket and motorsports across

the globe. Dr. Munjal’s impact on the

growth and development of sports,

especially golf, is indelible. For over

two decades now, he has supported

golf and golfers – both professionals

and amateurs.

Dr. Munjal, who is a past President of

the Professional Golfers Association of

India (PGAI), is the current Chairman of

the Asian PGA Tour Board of Directors.

He is also an Honorary Board member

of the Emirates Golf Federation.

As a recognition of his unparalleled

support and ongoing commitment to

golf around the world, Dr. Munjal was

inducted into the Asia - Pacific Golf Hall

of Fame the highest honour in the Asia

Pacific Golf industry, and conferred with

the Lifetime Contribution Award by

Indian Golf Industry Association (IGIA).

Through the promotion of several

marquee global events, Dr. Munjal has

put India and Indian golfers on the

global map.

Air Chief Marshal B S Dhanoa

(Retd.)

Non-Executive and

Independent Director

Air Chief Marshal B. S. Dhanoa (Retd.),

is an alumnus of St. George's College,

Mussoorie, where he studied from

1968 to 1969. Thereafter, he moved

to Rashtriya Indian Military College,

Dehradun in August 1969 and joined

the National Defence Academy (NDA)

in June 1974. He later graduated from

the Jawaharlal Nehru University in

1977. Post his flying training, he was

commissioned in the Fighter Stream

of the Indian Air Force in June 1978.

In 1985, he carried out the All Purpose

Flying Instructors Course (APFIC)

and then attained the highest-Flying

Instructor's Category A2 in 1987. He

then did his M. Sc. in Defence Studies

from Madras University and attended

a Defence Services Staff College Course

in 1990-91. He has an illustrious career

with Indian Air Force and has served

at various ranks. He served as the

Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief of

South Western Air Command before

taking over as the Vice Chief of Air Staff

(VCAS) in May 2015. He served as the

25th Chief of the Indian Air Force (IAF)

from January 1, 2017 to September 30,

2019 and led the IAF when it executed

air strikes over Balakot in Pakistan in

February 2019. He has been awarded

with the Param Vishisht Seva Medal in

2016, Ati Vishisht Seva Medal in 2015,

Yudh Seva Medal 1999 and Vayu Sena

Medal in 1999. Amongst various other

achievements, the Fighter Squadron he

commanded was the most decorated

Air Force unit during the Kargil conflict

due to his excellent leadership. Post

retirement he is also a Member in the

Board of InterGlobe Aviation Ltd. as a

Non-Executive Independent Director.

Board of Directors

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION

AND ANALYSIS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

56

57

Hero MotoCorp Ltd. | Annual Report 2022-23:

letter is available on the website

of stock exchanges as well as on the website of the Company at

https://www.heromotocorp.com/en-in/investors/filing-and-

reports/announcements-and-disclosures.html

Dispute Resolution Mechanism at Stock Exchanges

In compliance with SEBI: letter no. SEBI/HO/OIAE/2023/03391

dated January 27, 2023, regarding intimation to shareholders

holding shares in physical form, about the availability of the

Dispute Resolution Mechanism at Stock Exchanges as per SEBI

Circular dated May 30, 2022, the Company on February 15,

2023 had sent communication via SMS as well as E-mail to the

relevant shareholders. These details are also updated on website

of the Company at https://www.heromotocorp.com/en-in/

investors/shareholder-resources/agm-notices-and-transcripts.

html#infotoshareholder.

Furnishing of PAN, Nomination and KYC details:

In compliance with the directions issued by SEBI in February

2023, related to sending of intimation related to common &

simplified norms for processing investors’ service requests

and mandatory KYC/ registration of PAN, nomination, contact

details, bank details and specimen signatures, the Company, in

March 2023 had sent communication via E-mail to furnish PAN,

KYC and nomination details. Through this exercise, the Company

has advised its shareholders holding shares in physical form for

updation of records.

According to SEBI circular dated November 3, 2021 and

subsequent circulars dated December 14, 2021 and March

16, 2023, shareholders are requested to note that SEBI has

mandated KYC/ registration of PAN, nomination, contact details,

bank details and specimen signatures. Folios wherein any one

of the required details/ document mentioned herein are not

updated on or after October 1, 2023 shall be frozen, which means

lodging of investor grievances or availing investor service request

from the RTA shall be possible only after furnishing the complete

documents / details as aforesaid. Further effective April 01, 2024,

shareholders will be eligible to receive the dividend in electronic

mode only. Additionally, if such folios continue to remain frozen

as on December 31, 2025, then the securities lying in such frozen

folios shall be referred to the administrative Authority under The

Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 and The Prevention

of Money-Laundering Act, 2002.

Updation of bank account and other details for

dividend payment and TDS

The Company voluntarily sent a communication to all those

shareholders whose email addresses were registered with the

Company regarding tax on dividend requesting them to update

their bank account details and other detailed process.

As a good corporate practice, the Company has started to send

Dividend warrants to all shareholders through registered post

irrespective of the amount.

Circulars/ notifications issued by SEBI in the interest of shareholders

Members are requested to note that the following circulars/ notifications were issued by SEBI during the FY 2022-23 to enhance ease

of dealing in securities markets and with a view to make the processes and procedures more efficient and investor friendly.

S. No. Date & Reference No.

Brief Particulars

Link

1

May 18, 2022

SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_

RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/65

Simplification of procedure and standardisation of

formats of documents for transmission of securities

https://www.sebi.gov.in/legal/circulars/may-2022/

simplification-of-procedure-and-standardisation-

of-formats-of-documents-for-transmission-of-

securities-pursuant-to-amendments-to-the-

securities-and-exchange-board-of-india-listing-

obligations-and-dis-_59123.html

2

May 25, 2022

SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_

RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/70

Simplification

of

procedure

and

standardisation

of formats of documents for issuance of duplicate

securities certificates

https://www.sebi.gov.in/legal/circulars/may-2022/

simplification-of-procedure-and-standardisation-of-

formats-of-documents-for-issuance-of-duplicate-

securities-certificates_59173.html

3

May 30, 2022

SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_

RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/76

Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for dispute

resolution under the Stock Exchange arbitration

mechanism for disputes between a Listed Company

and/or Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents

(RTAs) and its Shareholder(s)/ Investor(s)

https://www.sebi.gov.in/legal/circulars/may-2022/

standard-operating-procedures-sop-for-dispute-

resolution-under-the-stock-exchange-arbitration-

mechanism-for-disputes-between-a-listed-

company-and-or-registrars-to-an-issue-and-share-

transfer-agents-_59345.html

Corporate Governance Report

156

157

Hero MotoCorp Ltd. | Annual Report 2022-23

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION

AND ANALYSIS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

