letter dated July 15, 2021, wherein the Company had informed that the AGM

of the Company is scheduled to be held on Wednesday, September 08, 2021.

In this regard, we are submitting herewith the following documents for the year ended 2020-21,

which will be circulated to the shareholders through electronic mode:

i)

Notice of 34th Annual General Meeting (duly covering the instructions for e-voting, voting

during the meeting for those attending the meeting through Video Conference)

ii) Annual Report

ill) Business Responsibility Report (BRR)

The aforesaid documents are also available on the website of the Company,

www.canfinhomes.com

i.e.,

The schedule of events is set out below:

Particulars

Event

11:00 A.M. 1ST, Wednesday, September 08, 2021

Video conference and other audio-visual means

Thursday, September 02, 2021

09:00 A.M. 1ST, Saturday, September 04, 2021

05:00 P.M. 1ST, Tuesday, September 07, 2021

https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/

Time and date of AGM

Mode of participation

Cut-off date for e-Voting

e-Voting start time and date

e-Voting end time and date

e-Voting website of NSDL

This submission is pursuant to Regulation 34(1) read with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, read with SEBI Circular

nos. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/ P/2020/79 dated May 12,2020 and SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/

P/2021/11 dated January 15, 2021.

We request for taking the attached documents on record and to disseminate the same on your website

for the information of Members of the Company.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,

For Can Fin Homes Ltd.

( BASAVANAGUDI :

Veena G Kamath

AGM & Company Secretary

★

★

&

Enel: As above.

s^ALO:

Managing Director & CEO

Shri Debashish Mukherjee

(DIN: 08193978)

Director (Promoter Non-Executive)

Shri G Naganathan

(DIN: 00423686)

Director (Independent Non-Executive)

Shri Shreekant M Bhandiwad^

(DIN: 08120906)

Dy.: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

and people are still dealing with the

adverse consequences. However,

history has always shown that the

human spirit is capable of overcoming

adversity. Therefore, as countries,

cities, economies, markets are opening

up, people are adapting to the ‘new

normal’ and there is an air of optimism

that “this too shall pass”

Over the years, the reputation of

Can Fin Homes’ as a reliable and

trustworthy company has continued to

improve. 2021 is the 34th anniversary

of our extraordinary journey, and we

have won many awards in the process.

Despite being an extraordinarily

challenging year for most of us,

personally and professionally, I take

pride in saying that we have delivered

an outstanding performance and

continued our journey of being a

customer focused housing finance

partner. Our results this year

showcased the strength, agility and

resilience of Can Fin Homes Limited,

with an innate purpose that permeates

across the organisation and a strategy

that delivers consistent growth.

Promoting home ownership and

increasing the number of proud and

satisfied home owners across the

nation has been our core operating

philosophy. Staying true to this vision,

we worked together to adapt and deal

with the unprecedented, changes and

challenges created by the pandemic.

Throughout this tough period, we

were always there for our customers

- servicing their needs as a trusted

housing finance partner. This, in turn,

led to a commendable performance

during the year.

Robust performance

As a part of the housing finance

industry, our business is directly

linked with the performance of the

economy and the real estate sector.

The government’s growing impetus for

affordable housing through schemes

such as Housing for All, Pradhan Mantri

Awas Yojana-Credit Linked Subsidy

Scheme and Smart city initiatives are

fuelling home ownership dreams of

the common man. The schemes are

06

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

letter and spirit

Asset Quality

Continued focus on customer

selection, prudent underwriting,

effective collection, close

monitoring and recovery

Liquidity

Continued focus on adequate

inflow of cost effective funds

Reach

We have 200 branches across

India with a focus on

Tier II & III cities

Profitability

Concentration on segments and

geographies fetching better

yield

Technology

Strengthening IT Infrastructure

for technical advancement in

alignment with futuristic trends

Delivering on our commitment

THROUGH OUR GROWTH

ORIENTED BUSINESS MODEL

18

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

Managing Director & CEO

Amitabh Chatterjee

Deputy: Managing Director

(w.e.f. July 15, 2021)

Ajai Kumar

Additional Director

(Independent)

(w.e.f. July 31, 2021)

Shri Lingam Venkata Prabhakar

Managing Director & CEO,

Canara Bank

Shri L V Prabhakar was appointed as

an Additional Director (Non-executive

Promoter) w.e.f July 30, 2020 on the

Board of the Company and he has

been appointed by the members as

a Director at the 33rd Annual General

Meeting held on August 26, 2020. He is

a Promoter and Non- Executive Director

of the Company.

Shri L V Prabhakar holds a Master’s

Degree in Agriculture and a Certified

Associate of Indian Institute of Bankers

(CAIIB).

Shri L V Prabhakar is currently serving as

the: Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer of Canara Bank. He has over 34

years of rich experience in banking,

spread across a spectrum of domains.

He is the

Managing Director’s Secretariat of

the Bank.

His tenure in the Company ended on

April 27, 2021.

Dr. Yeluri Vijayanand

Director (Independent)

Dr. Yeluri Vijayanand was appointed as

an Additional Director (Non-executive

independent) on the Board of the

Company w.e.f. August 29, 2018. He

was appointed by the members as

an Independent Director at the 32nd

Annual General Meeting held on July 17,

2019. He is an Independent and Non-

Executive Director of the Company. The

proposal for his re-appointment in the

Company will be placed in the ensuing

AGM.

Dr. Yeluri Vijayanand is PhD in

Economics (2011) from University of

Mysore, M.A in Economics (1967) from

Bangalore University, Bachelor of Laws

(1969) from Bangalore University and

CAIIB (1978) from Indian Institute of

Bankers. Dr Vijayanand retired from

State Bank of India as Deputy Managing

Director on August 31, 2007 after

serving for more than 37 years. As DMD

and Group Executive of Associates

and Subsidiaries, he was the nominee

director of SBI in all Associate Banks,

and non-banking subsidiaries, as also in

ARCIL, Thomas Cook India, and CIBIL.

He was also on the boards of three

overseas subsidiaries/joint ventures

of SBI. The other prominent positions

held by him were: Managing

Managing Director

Shri Amitabh Chatterjee has been

appointed as an Additional Director

(Deputy: Managing Director) on the

Board of the Company w.e.f. July

15, 2021. Agenda relating to his

appointment as Director will be placed

in the ensuing 34th Annual General

Meeting of the Company.

Shri Amitabh Chatterjee has a Master

Degree in Business Administration,

Bachelor Degree in Science, CAIIB

(Certified Associate of Indian Institute of

Banking and Finance) and has acquired

Diploma in Treasury, Investment and Risk

Management.

During his service in the Bank, he has

headed different branches including

specialised branches like Overseas

branches, Prime Corporate Branch, and

also headed a Regional office etc. He

has also headed the Kolkata Regional

areas of Treasury Management, Risk

management, Corporate Planning,

Inspection & Audit, Merchant Banking,

Board Secretariat, Credit Monitoring

& Review, Recovery Management and

Legal, Retail & MSME lending. He has

an experience of about 38 years in the

banking industry.

He has attended CAFRAL Training

Programme at USA Washington

and New York. Also attended SIBOS

Program at Dubai and training for EDs at

Kozhikode.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Aamod Panse

Director (Independent)

Smt Shubhalakshmi Aamod Panse

has been appointed as an Additional

Director (Non-executive independent)

on the Board of the Company w.e.f. June

15, 2020 and she has been appointed

by the members as an Independent

Director at the 33rd Annual General

Meeting held on August 26, 2020.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse, is a Post

Graduate in Science (M.Sc.), Diploma

in Business Management (DBM),

Masters in Management Sciences

with Specialization in Financial

Management (MMS), Masters in Business

Administration with specialization in

Bank Management (USA) and CAIIB.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse has been

a Member of External Advisory

Committee set up by RBI for vetting

the applications received for setting

up Payment Banks. She was a member

of P J Nayak Committee set up by the

Government of India for Corporate

Governance in PSBs. She was also a

member of Appointments Committee

for selection of CMDs & EDs of public

sector banks.

Presently, she is also on the Boards

of Atul Ltd. and Sudharshan Chemical

Industries Ltd. as Independent Director.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse was

appointed as the Chairperson &

Managing Director, Allahabad Bank from

October 01, 2012 to January 31, 2014.

(Prior to that she was an Executive

Director of Vijaya Bank from November

20, 2019 to September 30, 2012. She

was also the

Managing Director & CEO

Smt Shamila M

General Manager

Smt Veena G Kamath

AGM & Company Secretary

Shri Prashanth Joishy

AGM & CFO

Amitabh Chatterjee

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of Company

w.e.f September 05, 2019.

In his career spanning over 26 years,

retail banking experience of 17 years

coupled with 11 years experience

in credit risk and his consequent

expertise in sales, mortgage, retail

lending, SME and Agri business have

helped him hone his capabilities for

effective leadership in the new domain.

Shri Amitabh Chatterjee

has a Master Degree in Business

Administration,Bachelor Degree in

Science, CAIIB(Certified Associate of

Indian Institute of Banking and Finance)

and has acquired Diploma in Treasury,

Investment and Risk Management.

Shri Amitabh Chatterjee has been

appointed as an Additional Director

(Deputy: Managing

letter

and spirit with an explicit notification on the website of

your Company, to the extent applicable.

In August 2019, the central government conferred the

powers of regulation of Housing Finance Companies

(HFCs) to RBI from NHB. NHB continues to carry out the

function of supervision of HFCs.

In October 2020, RBI issued the regulatory framework for

HFCs in supersession of the corresponding regulations

by NHB. The objective of the framework was to facilitate

regulatory transition in a phased manner with least

disruption.

During the year, RBI introduced certain regulatory

changes for HFCs such as the principal business criteria for

housing finance, definition of housing finance, minimum

net owned fund requirements, guidelines on liquidity risk

management framework and liquidity coverage ratio,

amongst others.

Further, on February 17, 2021, RBI issued Master Direction

- Non-Banking Financial Company - Housing Finance

Company (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2021 (RBI HFC

Directions). These directions came into force with

immediate effect. As mentioned in the notification, RBI

has issued the subject Regulations to all Housing Finance

Companies (HFCs), considering it necessary in the public

interest, and being satisfied that, for the purpose of

enabling the Bank to regulate the financial system to the

advantage of the country and to prevent the affairs of

HFCs from being conducted in a manner detrimental to

the interest of investors and depositors or in any manner

prejudicial to the interest of such HFCs.

Key changes in the regulations are detailed in the

Management Discussion & Analysis report.

In terms of the Master Direction - Non-Banking Financial

Company - Housing Finance Company (Reserve Bank)

Directions, 2021 Housing Finance Companies - Corporate

Governance (NHB) Directions, 2016, the Company has

attached the Related Party Transactions Policy at the end

of this Annual Report.

During the year, the NHB conducted regular inspection

of your Company in November 2020, for the position as

at March 2020. The replies on the observations were

submitted within the prescribed time to NHB, which were

reviewed by the Audit Committee and the Board.

46

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

letter dated October

15, 2020 had imposed a penalty of ₹5,900 (inclusive of

GST@18%) for alleged contravention of section 29 of the

NHB Act, 1987, relating to creation of floating charge on

SLR investments in favour of the Deposit Trustee, on SLR

investment maintained to an extent of more than 13%

(requirement 13%) on the total public deposit outstanding

as on the last day of 2nd preceding quarter. The Company

had sent a reply and remitted the amount.

Your Company has complied with other related statutory

Guidelines/Directions/Policies as applicable to the

Company from time to time. Compliance of all Regulatory

directions/ guidelines of NHB/RBI other statutes are

periodically reviewed by the Audit Committee and the

Board.

Your Company has complied with Indian Accounting

Standards (Ind AS) as notified under the Companies

(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and Companies

(Indian Accounting Standard) Amendment Rules, 2016 as

applicable read with Section 133 of the Companies Act,

2013 and guidelines issued by National Housing Bank.

IRDAI Compliance

The Company is registered with IRDAI for carrying on

the Insurance Agency Business and has complied with

the applicable compliances under Insurance Regulatory

and Development Act, 1999 and IRDAI (Registration

of Corporate Agent) Regulations 2015, as amended

from time to time. During the year the Company has

implemented an ‘appropriate policy’ on maintenance

of records and destruction of old records. Being an

insurance intermediary, Company is maintaining all the

required information as per IRDAI rules.

Other Compliances

The Company, on 04/04/2018, had obtained the Legal

Entity Identifier No.335800EJ9Y3XDP5ZDH81 as required

under the RBI Circular -No.RBI/2017- 18/82 - DBR.

No.BP.92/21.04.048/2017-18 dated November 02, 2017

and as advised by NHB. The same has been renewed for

the year 2021-22.

As required under Section 215 of the Insolvency and

Bankruptcy Code, 2016, the Company has registered

itself with National e-governance Services Limited

(NeSL)

authorized

by

IBBI

obtained

registration

No.9160743937431514312. Further, we have executed

an agreement with NeSL on February 28, 2019. We are

authenticating the request by our creditors on NeSL on

regular basis.

The Company has registered on TReDS Platform through

Receivables Exchange of India Limited (RXIL) vide

registration No.CA0000876.

As per RBI/2015-16/96 Master Circular No.15/2015- 16 i.e.

Master Circular on Foreign Investment in India and as per

RBI/2017-18/194 A.P (DIR Series) Circular No.30 dated

June 07, 2018 i.e. Foreign Investment in India, all types of

Companies which have foreign investment are required

to report through FIRMS - Reporting in Single Master

Form. Your Company has registered as required under the

above circular.

9. COMPLIANCE UNDER THE COMPANIES ACT,

2013

Your Company has complied with the requirements

of the applicable provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 and related Rules during the FY 20-21. As per

the requirements of Section 92(3) of the Act and Rules

framed thereunder, the extract of the Annual Return for

FY 2020-21 is uploaded on the website of the Company

and the same is available at ‘Events’ Page. The link for

the same is canfinhomes.com/pdf/Events/34thAGM/

Provisional%20Form%20MGT-7%20for%20FY%202021.

pdf For more details regarding Compliances, please refer

the Secretarial Audit Report enclosed to this Report as

Annexure-1.

Significant and material orders

There are no significant and material orders passed by

the Regulators or Courts or Tribunals impacting the going

concern status and the Company’s operations in future.

The details of penalty levied by the Regulator NHB are

provided in the Report on Corporate Governance.

There are no material changes and commitments affecting

the financial position of the Company which have occurred

after March 31, 2021 till the date of this report.

CSR activity: The Company has contributed H 4 Crore to

Prime Minister’s Citizen Assistance & Relief in Emergency

Situations Fund (PM - CARES) and H 1 Crore to Karnataka

State Disaster Management Authority.

As a socially responsible Company, our CSR activities

are carried out throughout the year. In FY 2020-21, the

CSR activities involved extending aid for the purpose

of education including special education, provision

of educational tabs, water filters etc for Government

schools, construction of class room blocks for schools,

renovation of anganwadis, awarding scholarships for the

under privileged, girl child and to special differently abled

students for pursuing higher education. Basic equipment

Annual Report 2020-21

47

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director to

the median remuneration of the employees (regular

employees) of the Company for the FY 2020-21 was

18.72 : 1

The ratio of the remuneration of Dy.: Managing

Managing Director & CEO was NIL

and that of the Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

and CEO of the Company at the Annual General Meeting

held on August 26, 2020 for a tenure of 5 years.

Shri Satish Kumar Kalra was appointed as an Independent

Director at the Annual General Meeting held on August 26,

2020 for a tenure of 3 years up to the conclusion of the

Annual General Meeting of the Company for the financial

year 2022-23.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse was appointed as an

Independent Director at the Annual General Meeting

held on August 26, 2020 for a tenure of 3 years up to the

conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company

for the financial year 2022-23.

Shri Lingam Venkata Prabhakar, MD & CEO of Canara Bank

was appointed at the Annual General Meeting held on

August 26, 2020 as a Director and Chairperson (Non-

executive Promoter) liable to retire by rotation for a

tenure upto December 31, 2022.

(1) Shri Amitabh Chatterjee has been appointed as an

Additional Director (Executive Promoter) by the

Board of Directors of the Company on July 15, 2021.

(2) Shri Ajai Kumar has been appointed as an Additional

Director (Non-executive Independent) by the Board

of Directors of the Company on July 31, 2021.

In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 and the Articles of Association of the Company,

Shri Debashish Mukherjee is liable to retire by rotation

at the ensuing AGM. He is eligible for re-appointment.

The agenda relating to re-appointment of Shri Debashish

Mukherjee as Director, Shri Amitabh Chatterjee as

Director (Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the

Company stating that the members of the Board and the

Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance

of their respective Codes of Conduct, is an Annexure to

Corporate Governance Report.

21. NOMINATION REMUNERATION AND HR (NRC)

POLICY

Your

Company

has

constituted

a

`Nomination

Remuneration and HR Committee (NRC)’ of the Board

in terms of Section 178 of the Act, Regulation 19 of the

SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 and Para 3(II) of NHB Corporate

Governance (National Housing Bank) Directions, 2016.

This Committee identifies persons who are qualified to

become Directors of the Company. The appointment,

renewal, reappointment, re-categorisation and/ or

removal of the Directors so identified, including extension

or continuation of the term of appointment, will be

recommended by the NRC to the Board. This Committee

has also laid down the criteria to identify persons who may

be appointed to the senior management of the Company.

The NRC has formulated the criteria for determining

qualifications, positive attributes and independence of

a Director, carrying out evaluation of every Director’s

performance, performance of the Board and that of the

Committees. The NRC Policy of the Company covering all

the above aspects is made available on the official website

of the Company at https://www.canfinhomes.com/ pdf/

Nomination-Remuneration-and-HR-Policy-120419.pdf, in

terms of Section 134(3) of the Companies Act, 2013. The

Board ensures the annual evaluation of the performance

of the Board, its Committees and of its individual directors

through the meeting of independent directors, the NRC

and evaluation by each of the directors independently.

22. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)

POLICY

Your

Company

constituted

a

Corporate

Social

Responsibility (CSR) Committee of the Board as prescribed

under Section 135 of the Companies Act 2013 and has

put the CSR policy in place. The Company has focused

in Promoting education including special education,

Construction of class room blocks for Government

schools, procurement of tabs and construction/renovation

of Toilets, Safety Grill work, water filters, sanitary pad

vending machines to Government schools, renovation

of anganwadis, Scholarships for under privileged,

Scholarships for girl child education, Scholarships for

higher education for special and disabled students.

The Company also focuses on healthcare by donating

advanced medical equipment to Hospitals during Covid-19

pandemic. Company has also donated three ambulances

to three government Hospitals. Company has supported

for Construction of Fitness cum sports centre for tribal

students. Company has also contributed for nutritional

expenses, Procurement of basic Fixed assets for old age

homes, orphanages and residential homes for differently

abled people. Contribution to Prime Minister’s Citizen

Assistance and Relief in Emergency Situations Fund

(PM CARES) and Karnataka State Disaster management

Authority during COVID-19 pandemic to provide relief

to those affected by any kind of emergency or distress

situation like COVID19 also forms part of its CSR activities.

The activities undertaken by the Company under CSR

is Pan India basis and the projects are executed by

Registered Office and our branches in those areas. The

total amount/ budget under CSR for the FY 2020-21 was

H1281 lakh, (including H317 lakh of previous year), out of

which, total amount spent under the CSR activities is

H1108 lakh. The balance amount of H173 Lakh is already

sanctioned and will be transferred to Unspent CSR

Account as per provisions of Companies Act and will be

disbursed as per the progress of the work. A summary of

CSR activities as on March 31, 2021 is given below:

Annual Report 2020-21

53

Statutory Reports:

letter dated October 15, 2020 imposed a

penalty of H5,000/-plus GST on account of non compliance

with respect to the provisions of its Policy Circular No 21.

The Company was supposed to maintain SLR investments

to the extent of 13% of its outstanding public deposits and

create floating charge on the same. The Company had

maintained SLR investment to the extent of 14.65% during

2018-19. However, there was a shortfall of 0.59% in the

charge created. Hence, the Company had represented

the matter before NHB and paid the penalty amount of

H5,900 (including GST) under protest on October 27, 2020.

For S. KEDARNATH & ASSOCIATES

Sd/-

S.Kedarnath

Place: Bengaluru

Company Secretary

Date: June 25, 2021

FCS No. 3031, CP No. 4422

UDIN No: F003031 C000516181

Note: This report is to be read with our: letter of even date which is annexed as “Annexure A” and forms an integral part of this

report.

60

Can Fin Homes Ltd

letter.

1.

Secretarial Audit was conducted using lnformation Technology tools and on a random test check basis which was necessitated

in view of the prevailing COVID-19 circumstances and in compliance of directions of the State Government and as per Para 3

of the lCSl Guidance dated 4th May 2020.

2.

This Secretarial Audit Report is digitally signed.

3.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

4.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are

reflected in the secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for

our opinion.

5.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of any of the financial records and Books of Accounts of the

company including the records pertaining to Goods and Service Taxes, lncome Tax, Customs and other related enactments

applicable to the Company.

6.

Wherever required, we have obtained Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

7.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viabillty of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Annual Report 2020-21

61

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman CSR Committee

Annual Report 2020-21

71

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director/s

paid to Canara Bank

Sponsor Bank

On going

As per norms

0.33

Sitting Fees of Directors paid to

Canara Bank

Sponsor Bank

On going

As per norms

0.06

Processing Fees paid to Canara

Bank

Sponsor Bank

One time

As per norms

2.36

Dividend Paid

Sponsor Bank

On going

As declared in the Annual

General Meeting

7.99

Annual Report 2020-21

73

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman

74

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

Managing Director & CEO

4.

Telephone no.

080-26568687

5.

E-Mail id

mdsec@canfinhomes.com

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy / policies (Reply in Y / N)

The NVGs released by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has adopted nine areas of Business Responsibility. The areas briefly

are as follows:

Principle 1

Principle 4

Principle 7

Principle 2

Principle 5

Principle 8

Principle 3

Principle 6

Principle 9

Ethics, Transparency and

Accountability [P1]

Stakeholder Engagement

[P4]

Policy Advocacy [P7]

Products Lifecycle

Sustainability [P2]

Human Rights [P5]

Inclusive Growth [P8]

Employees’ Well-being

[P3]

Environment [P6]

Customer Value [P9]

Businesses should conduct and

govern themselves with Ethics,

Transparency and Accountability.

Businesses should respect the interests

of and be responsive towards all

Stakeholders, especially those who

are disadvantaged, vulnerable and

marginalised.

Businesses, when engaged in

influencing public and regulatory

policy, should do so in a

responsible manner.

Businesses

should

provide

goods and services that are safe

and contribute to sustainability

throughout their Life Cycle.

Businesses should respect and

promote Human Rights.

Businesses

should

support

inclusive growth and equitable

development.

Businesses should promote the

well being of all Employees.

Businesses

should

respect,

protect and make efforts to

restore the Environment.

Businesses should engage

with and provide value to their

customers and consumers in a

responsible manner.

Annual Report 2020-21

79

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director & CEO

86

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

Managing Director, vacated the Office on completion of his tenure on April 27, 2021.

-Shri Amitabh Chatterjee has been appointed as an Additional Director w.e.f. July 15, 2021.

-Shri Ajai Kumar has been appointed as an Additional Director w.e.f. Iuly 31, 2021.

The Chairperson of the Board, Shri Venkata Prabhakar

is a Non-Executive Promoter Director since July 30,

2020. Shri Girish Kousgi is the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Shri Girish Kousgi

1

Can Fin Homes Limited: Managing

Managing Director

& Dy.: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the

Company is placed as Annexure-1 to this Report.

In terms of the Code of Conduct of Independent

Directors as per Schedule IV of the Companies Act,

2013, the Board has adopted the said Code and all

the Independent Directors have affirmed that they

shall abide by the said Code. The Code of Conduct of

Board of Directors, Independent Directors and Senior

Management Personnel are made available in the

Company’s official website.

In terms of the Master Direction – Non-Banking

Financial Company – Housing Finance Company

(Reserve Bank) Directions, 2021 and/or HFCs

Corporate Governance (NHB) Directions, 2016, all

the Directors have executed the Declarations-cum-

undertakings as well as the Deed of Covenants with

the Company.

Annual Report 2020-21

95

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director)

1/1

NA

NA – Not Applicable

# Sitting fee paid to Canara Bank.

-Requisite quorum was present at the above Meeting.

-During the year, the CSR Committee was reconstituted.

•

A CSR Committee meeting

was held on October 28, 2020.

•

Details of CSR activities are

provided in page No. ___ of

this Report.

•

The

Company

Secretary

acts

as

the

Secretary

to

the

Corporate

Social

Responsibility Committee.

•

The previous AGM of the

Company was held on August

26, 2020 and was attended by

Smt Bharati Rao, Chairperson

of the Committee.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (CSR)

Annual Report 2020-21

99

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director)

3/3

NA

Smt. Shubhalakshmi

Aamod Panse, Member

(Non-Executive

Independent Director)

2/2

30,000

Smt. Shamila M,

Member (General

Manager)

3/3

NA

Shri H R Narendra,

Member (Chief Risk

Officer)

3/3

NA

Smt Bharati Rao,

Member (Non-executive

Independent)@

1/1

15,000

NA – Not Applicable

#Sitting fee paid to Canara Bank.

@Smt Bharati Rao, Member (Non-executive Independent

Director) vacated office on completion of her tenure on

26/08/2020.

-Requisite quorum was present at the above Meetings.

-During the year, the RMC Committee was reconstituted.

•

Three meetings of the RMC

were held during the year

under review i.e., on July 23,

2020, November 25, 2020 and

March 19, 2021.

•

Details of role performed by

Chief Risk Officer (CRO) are

provided in page No. ___ of

this Report.

•

The Company Secretary acts

as the Secretary to the Risk

Management Committee.

•

The previous AGM of the

Company was held on August

26, 2020 and was attended

by Shri Debashish Mukherjee,

Chairman of the Committee.

Risk Management Committee (RMC)

100

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

Managing Director)

2/2

NA

Smt. Shamila M,

Member (General

Manager)

2/2

NA

Shri B M Sudhakar,

Member

(Dy. General Manager)

2/2

NA

Shri Sikhin Tanu Shaw,

Member (Assistant

General Manager- IT)

2/2

NA

NA – Not Applicable

Requisite quorum was present at the above Meetings.

•

Two meetings of the IT

Strategy

Committee

were

held during the year under

review i.e. on February 16, 2021

and March 8, 2021.

•

Approvals

were

obtained

by way of Circular resolution

during the first half of the year.

•

The Company Secretary acts

as the Secretary to the IT

Strategy Committee.

Extract of terms of reference

Category and composition

Other details

The broad terms of reference are as

under:

• Considers

the

proposals

for

sanction of loans to individuals/

builders, rates of interest on such

loans, terms and conditions for

sanction and certain other financial

sanctions, related assignments in

terms of the powers delegated to

the Committee by the Board from

time to time.

Shri Girish Kousgi, Chairman (: Managing

Managing Director and Dy.: Managing

Managing Director & CEO – Shri Girish

Kousgi: The remuneration package for FY21

includes; Salary H 99,99,996/-; Incentive

H 9,15,555/-; ‘Company’s Contribution to

PF H 8,28,588/- and reimbursements of

H16,51,000/-

Dy.: Managing

Managing Director. Necessary

measures have been put in place by the Board

to safeguard the independence of the CRO.

The CRO will meet the members of the Risk

management Committee/ Board at least once

in a quarter in accordance with the norms set

out by NHB/RBI. Further, the CRO has vetted the

credit products offered by the Company from

the perspective of inherent and control risks.

The CRO did not have any reporting relationship

with business verticals of the Company or

business targets.

(vi) Other details

The

Audit

Committee,

the

Nomination

Remuneration & HR Committee, the Stakeholders’

Relationship

Committee

and

IT

Strategy

Committee are chaired by Independent Directors.

The Independent Directors are not paid any fee/

remuneration apart from sitting fee for attending

the meetings.

Depending upon the need, the Committees invite

the Senior Management Personnel/Functional

Heads, Statutory Auditors/Branch Auditors of the

Company, Tax Consultant, Internal Auditors and

such other professionals with relevant expertise,

to attend the meetings and provide clarifications

on certain specific issues, if any.

The dates of meetings of the above Committees

are decided in consultation with the Chairperson

of the respective Committees and intimated to

its members in advance. The agenda papers are

prepared in advance and circulated among the

members of the Committees by digital mode.

4. General body meetings/ postal ballots

The details of annual general meetings held during the last three years are as follows:

Year ended

Date and Time

Venue

Special Resolutions passed

March 31,

2020

Wednesday,

August 26, 2020

at 11:00 AM

(through Video-

Conference)

Registered Office:

No. 29/1, Sir M N

Krishna Rao Road,

Basavanagudi,

Bengaluru 560004

1. To borrow amounts not exceeding ₹ 27,500 Crore

2. Offer or invitation for subscription of Non-Convertible Debentures

(NCDs) or bonds, secured or unsecured, of any nature upto an

amount not exceeding ₹ 4000 Crore, on private placement

3. Further issue of shares / specified securities not exceeding ₹ 1000

Crore

March 31,

2019

Wednesday,

July 17, 2019 at

11:00AM

NIMHANS

Convention Centre,

Opp. Lakkasandra

Bus Stop, Hosur

Road, Bengaluru,

Karnataka, 56002

1. Re-appointment of Shri Naganathan Ganesan, FCA, as an

Independent Director.

2. To borrow amounts not exceeding ₹ 23,000 Crore.

3. Approval for Offer or invitation for subscription of Non-Convertible

Debentures (NCD) or bonds, secured or unsecured, of any nature

upto an amount of ₹ 6000 Crore on private placement.

4. Further issue of securities through QIP and/or preferential issue of

an amount not exceeding ₹ 1000 Crore.

5. Alteration of Articles of Association – Deletion of clauses relating

to ‘Common Seal’

March 31,

2018

Wednesday,

July 18, 2018 at

11:00 AM

Same as above

1. To borrow amounts not exceeding ₹ 20,000 Crore.

2. Offer or invitation for subscription of Non-Convertible

Debentures (NCD) or bonds, secured or unsecured, of any

nature upto an amount of ₹ 6000 Crore on private placement.

3. Further issue of shares/ specified securities

104

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

Managing Director

provides brief information on quarterly/annual results

and corporate actions on TV channels and in print

media, within the permissible disclosure norms.

The intimations of such press releases/ television

interviews are informed to the stock exchange

in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI regulations

and similar information is made available on the

Company’s website.

(e) Presentations made to Institutional Investors or to the

Analysts - The: Managing

letter NHB(ND)/

DRS/ APPEAL1/17/A-744/2019 dated January 17,

2019 had imposed a penalty of ₹ 5,900/- (inclusive

of GST@18%) for alleged contravention of section

32 of the NHB Act, 1987 and the Fair Practice Code

issued by NHB, for which the Company had sent

a reply to NHB and remitted the amount under

protest.

(ii) During 2020–21, NHB vide its: letter dated

October 15, 2020 had imposed a penalty of

₹ 5,900/- (inclusive of GST@18%) for alleged

contravention of section 29 of the NHB Act, 1987,

relating to creation of floating charge on SLR

investments in favour of the Deposit Trustee, on

SLR investment maintained to an extent of more

than 13% (requirement 13%) on the total public

deposit outstanding as on the last day of 2nd

preceding quarter. The Company had sent a

reply to NHB and remitted the amount.

During 2021–22, NHB vide its letter dated 11/06/2021,

has imposed a penalty of H29,13,234/- plus applicable

GST @18%, for accepting individual deposits

aggregating to H14,56,617/- from five small depositors

for a period of less than 12 months during 2018–19, in

Annual Report 2020-21

107

Statutory Reports

Managing Director and CEO of the Company has

given a declaration that the members of the Board of

Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed

compliance with the Code of conduct of Board of Directors

and Senior Management respectively, during the FY21. The

said declaration has been placed as Annexure 1 to this

Report.

10. CEO and CFO Certification

In terms of Regulation 17(8) and Part B of Schedule II of

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure requirements)

Particulars

Number of shareholders

Number of equity shares

Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in

the suspense account lying at the beginning of the year

7

2275 shares of

H2/- each

Shareholders who approached the Company for transfer of shares

from suspense account during the year

Nil

Nil

Shareholders to whom shares were transferred from the suspense

account during the year

Nil

Nil

Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in

the suspense account lying as on March 31, 2021

7

2275 shares of

H2/- each

The voting rights on the shares outstanding in the

suspense account as on March 31, 2021 shall remain frozen

till the rightful owner of such shares claims the shares.

12. Green Initiative in Corporate Governance

Rule 11 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 permits

circulation of Annual Report through electronic means

to such of the Shareholders whose e-mail addresses are

registered with NSDL or CDSL or the Shareholders who have

registered their e-mail IDs with the Company to receive the

documents in electronic form and physical copies to those

Shareholders whose e-mail IDs have not been registered

either with the company or with the depositories.

To support this green initiative of the Government,

Shareholders are requested to register their e-mail

addresses, with the Depository Participants (DP’s) in case

shares are held in dematerialized form and with the R &

T Agents in case the share are held in physical form and

also intimate changes, if any, in their registered e-mail

addresses to the company/DPs, from time to time.

Regulation, 2015, a certificate from the Chief Executive

Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of

the Company confirming, amongst other aspects, the

correctness of the financial statements, adequacy of

internal control measures and matters to be reported to

the Audit Committee, were taken on record at the Board

meeting held on April 30, 2021 convened for approval of

the audited financial results of the Company for the year

under review. The said certification has been placed as

Annexure 3 to this report.

11. Disclosures with respect to demat suspense

account/ unclaimed suspense account

In accordance with the requirement of Regulation 34(3)

and Part F of Schedule V to the SEBI Listing Regulations,

details of equity shares in the suspense account are as

follows:

13. Report on Corporate Governance

The Company has complied with the mandatory

requirements as stipulated under Regulation 27 and

Part C (11) of Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure requirements) Regulation, 2015. The quarterly

compliance reports on corporate governance together

with a statement on related party transactions are

submitted by the Company to the stock exchanges within

the prescribed time limit, duly signed by the Compliance

Officer of the Company. The Corporate Governance

reports are uploaded in the Company’s website for the

information of all stakeholders.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Sd/-

Place: Bengaluru

Venkata Prabhakar

Date : July 31, 2021

Chairperson

112

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of Can Fin Homes Ltd., hereby declare that all the members of the

Board and Senior Management Personnel of the Company have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct of Board of

Directors and Senior Management for the financial year ended March 31, 2021.

Sd/

Place: Bengaluru

Girish Kousgi

Date: April 19, 2021: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

114

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

letter duly signed by all the

shareholders. This will facilitate safe keeping and save cost at

the time of dematerialisation. The above would be subject to

verification of the signature(s) of the concerned shareholders.

Email ID Registration: To support the green initiative,

shareholders are requested to register their email address

with their DPs or with the Company’s RTA, as the case may be.

Communications in relation to Company like Notice and outcome

of Board Meetings, Dividend Credit Intimations, Notice of AGM

and Annual Report are regularly sent electronically to such

shareholders who have registered their email addresses. The

Company periodically sends reminder to all those shareholders

who haven’t registered their email address.

Legal Proceedings

There are certain pending cases related to disputes over title

to company shares (family disputes), in which Company has

been made party only as a proforma defendant / respondent.

However, these cases are not material in nature.

SEBI Complaints Redressal System (SCORES)

SEBI vide its Circular dated 26th March, 2018 issued new policy

measures w.r.t. SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES).

Under this system, SEBI has requested the Members to

approach the Company directly at the first instance for their

grievance. If the Company doesn’t resolve the complaint

of the shareholders within stipulated time, then they may

lodge the complaint with SEBI/Stock Exchanges for further

action. Further SEBI vide Circular dated 13th August, 2020,

has specified standard operating procedure for handling

complaints by stock exchanges, accordingly the Company is

now required to resolve the Complaint within a period of 30

days of receipt of the same.

COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Smt. Veena G Kamath

AGM & Company Secretary

Can Fin Homes Ltd.,

Sir M N Krishna Rao Road, Basavanagudi,

Bengaluru 560004.

Phone:080–48536192, Fax:080–26565746

Email:investor.relationship@canfinhomes.com

compsec@canfinhomes.com

124

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

Managing Director & CEO

FRN:- 004532S

DIN: 08110715

DIN: 08524205

Georgy Mathew

G Naganathan

Partner

Director

Membership No: 209645

DIN: 00423686

Place: Bangalore

Prashanth Joishy

Veena G Kamath

Date: 30.04.2021

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

Managing Director & CEO

FRN:- 004532S

DIN: 08110715

DIN: 08524205

Georgy Mathew

G Naganathan

Partner

Director

Membership No: 209645

DIN: 00423686

Place: Bangalore

Prashanth joishy

Veena G Kamath

Date: 30.04.2021

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

Managing Director

2. Shreekant M Bhandiwad

Whole Time Director

3. Shamila Mangalore

General Manager

4. Veena G Kamath

Company Secretary

5. Prashanth Joishy

Chief Financial Officer

B.

Transactions with the above Related Party during the year

(H in Lakhs)

Name of Related Party

Nature of Transaction

For the period

2020-21

2019-20

Girish Kousgi

Remuneration

125.67

57.22

Shreekant M Bhandiwad

Remuneration

3.01

-

Shamila Mangalore

Remuneration

24.96

18.25

Shamila Mangalore

Staff advance given

1.40

-

Veena G Kamath

Remuneration

17.61

15.11

Prashanth Joishy

Remuneration

18.03

7.05

Atanu Bagchi (till 31/05/2019)

Remuneration

-

4.98

Canara Bank

Term Loans & other credit facilities outstanding at the year end

227,094.92

276,630.05

Interest paid for the year

19,281.42

20,957.05

Deposits matured during the year

1,838.94

1,708.06

Deposits made with Bank (including renewals)

1,889.67

1,838.94

Interest earned for the year

159.55

169.27

Rent and maintenance expense paid for the year

76.33

72.15

Bank charges for the year

77.11

67.54

Sitting Fees to Directors

6.25

3.65

Salary & other benefits of: Managing

letter NHB (ND)/DRS/SUP/6742/2020 dated October 15, 2020 has imposed a penalty of H5,900 (inclusive of

GST@18%) on account of non compliance with respect to the provision of policy circular no 21 issued by NHB which is

paid under protest by the Company.

G. Unsecured Advances

Unsecured Advances consists of loans granted to Staff H156.62 lakhs (Previous Year H165.62 lakhs)

45.3 Registration obtained from other financial sector regulators during the year:

(i)

Renewal of registration of the Company as LEI (Legal Entity Identifier) as required by RBI.

(ii) Registration of Company on TReDS (Trade Receivables Discounting System) platform trough RXIL (Receivables Exchange

of India Limited) as required by MCA (Ministry of Corporate Affairs).

(iii) Registration of the Company as Business user for filing of returns in FIRMS (Foreign Investment Reporting and Management

System).

(iv) Registration of Company as convergence partner with NCH (National Consumer Helpline) through software “INGRAM”

as directed by NHB

45.4 Rating assigned by Credit Rating Agencies and migration of rating during the year::

Managing Director or Manager

is accustomed to act in accordance with

the advice, directions or instructions of a

Director or Manager;

(vii) any person on whose advice, directions

or instructions a Director or Manager is

accustomed to act:

Provided that nothing in sub-clauses (vi) and

(vii) shall apply to the advice, directions or

instructions given in a professional capacity;:

Managing Director) of the Company for

a tenure of 3 (three) years with effect from July 15, 2021 and

subject to further extension in the period of service, if any, by

Canara Bank at such remuneration as detailed in the terms

and conditions of deputation received from Canara Bank, he

is entitled to in accordance with the Service Regulations of

Canara Bank, subject to any modifications, revisions thereon

(including revision on account of promotion etc., that may take

place from time to time) payable by way of reimbursement to

Canara Bank and incentives as per the schemes approved by

the Board of Directors of the Company and on the terms and

conditions as detailed in the explanatory statement attached

hereto, provided however that the remuneration payable to

Shri Amitabh Chatterjee shall not exceed the limits prescribed

under Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, including any

amendment(s), modification(s), variation(s) or re-enactment(s)

thereof from time to time.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and is

hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things

and execute all such agreements, documents, instruments and

writings, as may be required and to delegate all or any of its

powers herein conferred to any Directors(s) or Committee of

Directors to give effect to the aforesaid resolutions.”

Agenda No.6 - Appointment of Shri Ajai Kumar as an

Independent Director

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without

modification(s), the following resolution, as an Ordinary

Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of

Section 149, 150, 152 and all other applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013, if any, the Rules made thereunder read

with Schedule IV to the Act and the Companies (Appointment

and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, as amended from

time to time, Regulation 17 and other applicable regulations

of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, applicable clauses of Master Direction–

Non-Banking Financial Company–Housing Finance Company

(Reserve Bank) Directions, 2021, including any amendment(s),

modification(s), variation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, Shri

Ajai Kumar (DIN-02446976), in respect of whom the Company

has received a notice in writing from a member under Section

160 of the Companies Act, 2013, signifying their intention to

propose Shri Ajai Kumar for appointment as an Independent

Director, be and is hereby appointed as an Independent

Director of the Company, for a tenure upto the conclusion of

the Annual General Meeting of the Company of the year 2023-

24 and whose office shall not be liable to retire by rotation and

that he shall be paid sitting fees and reimbursed expenses for

attending Board and Committee meetings as applicable till the

end of his tenure in terms of the offer of his appointment.”

Agenda No.7 - Acceptance of deposits from public

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without

modification(s), the following resolution, as an Ordinary

Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT the consent of the Members of the Company

be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the

Company, pursuant to Section 73(2) and Section 76 and all the

applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules

made thereunder (including any amendment(s), modification(s),:

letter, offer document, offering circular,

placement document or otherwise, in such manner and on

such terms and conditions including at such price or prices

(including floor price), at a discount or premium to market price

or prices (as permitted under the applicable laws), etc., as may

be deemed appropriate by the Board in its absolute discretion,

including the discretion to determine the QIBs to whom to offer,

issue and allotment shall be made to the exclusion of other QIBs

at the time of such creation, offer, issue and allotment, all subject

to applicable laws, considering the then prevailing market

conditions and other relevant factors and wherever necessary

in consultation with the lead manager(s) and/or underwriter(s)

and/or other advisor(s) for such issue.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the allotment of Securities, in case

of QIP pursuant to Chapter VI of ICDR Regulations, shall be

made only to the QIBs within the meaning prescribed under

the said regulations and to be completed within 365 days from

the date of passing of these Resolutions or such other time

as may be permitted under the ICDR Regulations from time to

time, at such price being not less than the price determined in

accordance with the pricing formula provided under Chapter

VI of ICDR. Regulations, as applicable and as may be amended

from time to time, provided that the Board may, in accordance

with applicable laws, offer a discount of not more than 5%

(five percent) or such percentage as permitted under the

applicable laws, with such lock-in requirements as provided

under Chapter VI of ICDR Regulations, as applicable, as may be

amended from time to time.:

letter, and to give instructions or directions or clarifications

and to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that may

arise in regard to the issue, offer or allotment of securities and

utilization of the issue proceeds and to accept and to give

effect to such modifications, changes, variations, alterations,

deletions, additions as regards the terms and conditions

as may be required by SEBI, ROC, RBI, NHB or such other

statutory & regulatory authorities, merchant bankers, lead

managers, legal advisors, depository, custodian, registrar,

stabilizing agent, scrutinizer, trustee, escrow agent or such

other agents/agencies involved in or concerned with the issue

of Securities and as the Board or Committee thereof may in its

absolute discretion deem fit and proper in the best interest

of the Company without being required to seek any further

consent, authority or approval of the Members or otherwise,

and that all or any of the powers conferred on the Company

and the Board pursuant to these Resolutions may be exercised

by the Board or Committee thereof, the Board has constituted

or may constitute in this behalf, to the intent that the Members

shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly

by the authority of these Resolutions, and all actions taken

by the Board or any Committee constituted by the Board to

exercise its powers, in connection with any matter(s) referred

to or contemplated in any of the foregoing resolutions be and

are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board or Committee thereof be

and is hereby authorized to engage/ appoint consultants, lead

managers, managers, underwriters, authorised representatives,

guarantors, depositories, custodians, registrars, stabilizing

agent, trustees, bankers, advisors and all such professionals,

intermediaries and agencies as may be involved or concerned

in such offerings of securities and to remunerate them by way

of commission, brokerage, fees and such other expenses

as it deems fit and also to enter into and execute all such

arrangements,

agreements,

memoranda,

undertakings,

placement agreements, underwriting agreements, deposit

agreements, trust deeds, subscription agreements, payment

and conversion agency agreements and any other agreements

or documents with such agencies and to seek the listing of

such securities on the stock exchange(s).

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT subject to the applicable laws, the

Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of

the powers herein conferred to any Committee of Directors or

Directors or any other officer(s) of the Company to give effect

to the above resolutions.

By Order of the Board of Directors

For Can Fin Homes Ltd.

Sd/-

Place: Bengaluru

Veena G Kamath

Date: July 31, 2021

AGM & Company Secretary:

letter

etc., authorising their representative to attend the

AGM through VC and vote on their behalf. The said

Resolution/Authorization with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory/ies who

are authorized to vote to the Scrutinizer by email

canfinscrutinizer@gmail.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login to

the e-Voting website will be disabled upon five

unsuccessful attempts to key-in the correct password.

In such an event, you will need to go through the

“Forgot User Details/ Password?” or “Physical User

Reset Password?” option available on https://www.

evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries relating to e-Voting you may

refer to the FAQs for Shareholders and e-Voting user

manual for Shareholders available at the download

section of https://www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on

toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send

a request to Ms. Soni Singh at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not

registered with the depositories for procuring user id

and password and registration of e mail ids for e-Voting

for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please

provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned

copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN

(self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR

(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email

to investor.relatioship@canfinhomes.com

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide

DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary

ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated

Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy

of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of

Aadhar Card) to investor.relatioship@canfinhomes.

com. If you are an Individual shareholder holding

securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer

to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login

method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for

Individual shareholders holding securities in demat

mode.:

Managing Director and KMP of the Company upto April 27, 2021),

General Manager, Canara Bank, Shri Venkata Prabhakar, MD and CEO of Canara

Bank, Shri Amitabh Chatterjee (Dy.: Managing

Managing Director) of the Company with effect

from July 15, 2021, on the recommendations of the Nomination

Remuneration & HR Committee of the Board.

As required under provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and

related rules and also under Regulation 36 of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, all

the relevant information relating to Shri Amitabh Chatterjee,

are provided in this explanatory statement.

Considering the profile and experience of Shri Amitabh

Chatterjee, Deputy General Manager, Canara Bank and

recommendations of the Nomination Remuneration & HR

Committee, the Board of Directors of your Company has

appointed Shri Amitabh Chatterjee as an additional director

and the Whole-time Director of the Company, with effect from

July 15, 2021 for a tenure of three years and subject to further

extension in the period of service, if any, by Canara Bank, at

such remuneration, as detailed in the terms and conditions

of deputation received from Canara Bank, in terms of the

applicable Articles of the Articles of Association of the Company

and Section 152, 161, 196, 197, 198, 203 and all other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, related rules,

read with Schedule V to the said Act.

Brief Profile of Shri Amitabh Chatterjee pursuant to SS-2 (“Secretarial Standard on General Meetings”), Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI

Listing Regulations and other applicable provisions, is provided in the table below:

Name of the Director

Shri Amitabh Chatterjee

Director Identification Number (DIN)

09219651

Age

50 years

Nationality

Indian

Date of first appointment on the Board

July 15, 2021

Qualification

Shri Amitabh Chatterjee has a Master Degree in Business Administration, Bachelor

Degree in Science, CAIIB (Certified Associate of Indian Institute of Banking and

Finance) and has done Diploma in Treasury, Investment and Risk Management.:

Managing Director & CEO, Canara Bank) and Shri Debashish Mukherjee

(Executive Director, Canara Bank), or any key managerial personnel or the relatives

of the directors or key managerial personnel, is in any way concerned or interested,

financially or otherwise, in the said agenda.

Details of remuneration sought to be

paid, if any

Mentioned below.

Your Company has received a notice in writing from a member as

required under Section 160 and all other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, signifying their intention to

propose the candidature of Shri Amitabh Chatterjee, for the

office of a director of the Company, to be appointed as such

at the ensuing Annual General Meeting, under the provisions

of Section 152, 161, 196, 197, 198, 203 and all other applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. Shri Chatterjee is

willing to act as a Director and the Whole-time Director of the

Company, if so appointed and has filed with the Company his

consent in writing in Form DIR-2 pursuant to Section 152 of the

said Act and Rule 8 of Companies (Appointment & Qualification

of Directors) Rules, 2014.

The terms and conditions of appointment and the remuneration

payable to Shri Chatterjee as Whole-time Director are given

below:

Tenure – 3 years; Remuneration: Basic Pay – H 1,16,120 per

month; Dearness Allowance – Variable; Dearness Allowance

[as per index level]; Special Allowance – 20% of Basic Pay +

DA; City Compensatory Allowance – H 1400/- per month;

Professional Qualification Allowance- H 1020/- per month;

Learning Allowance- H 600/- ; Deputation Allowance – 4% of

Basic Pay subject to maximum of H 3000/- per month; House

Rent Allowance – As per norms;

Perquisites:

Accommodation – If the executive having his own house

at the place of deputation he should occupy the same else

he is eligible for bank’s quarters. If the executive has already

occupied bank’s quarters he is not eligible for house rent

allowance;:

Managing Director) would be in the best interest

of the Company.

Your Board of Directors therefore, recommend the passing of

the resolution proposed at Agenda No.5 of the Notice.

All the registers and files relating to Shri Amitabh Chatterjee,

Dy.: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (interim)-Yes Bank Ltd,

Executive Director-UCO Bank, General Manager-Bank of Baroda (Retail Banking),

General Manager, Bank of Baroda (IT & Projects) for Technology Enabled Business

Transformation Program, Member-Governing Council, IDRBT-RBI Hyderabad,

Non-Executive Director, National Payment Corporation of India, Non-Executive

Director-Indo Zambia Bank Ltd., a Joint Venture of Bank of Baroda, Bank of India,

Central Bank of India & Govt. of Zambia, Non-Executive Non-Independent Director,

Yes Bank Ltd, Independent Director-Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd,

Non-Executive Director-Multi Commodity Exchange of India Ltd, Non-Executive

Director-Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India Ltd, Independent Director Kash

Guru Financial Solutions Pvt Ltd, Independent Director-Poddar Wellness Ltd, Non-

Executive Director-Bharat Wire Ropes Ltd, Non-Executive Director-Bank of Baroda

Kshetriya Gramin Bank, Ajmer, Independent External Monitor-Bharat Earth Movers

Ltd. Bangalore, Independent External Monitor-National Fertilizers Ltd, New Delhi,

Independent External Monitor-IDBI Bank-Member-Management Committee, Indian

Banking Association, Chairman of the Sub-Committee of Indian Banks Association

on the matter of “Unsold Flats of Developers and Builders”.

Terms and conditions of appointment

The draft terms and conditions of his appointment as Independent Director are

mentioned below and would be available for inspection electronically and the

same is available on the website of the Company at www.canfinhomes.com

No. of meetings of the Board attended

during the year

Shri Ajai Kumar has been appointed as an additional director in the current financial

year i.e., on July 31, 2021. The proposal for his appointment as an Independent

Director is placed before the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

Directorships, Trusteeships,

Partnerships, etc. held in other

companies, firms, trusts, entities etc.

Shri Ajai Kumar is presently on the Boards of Amar Ujala Limited, Nuclear Power

Corporation of India Limited, Adani Krishnapatnam Port Limited, National

Co-Operative Finance & Development Corporation Limited, Indiabulls Asset

Management Company Limited, Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India Limited and

Indiabulls General Insurance Limited as Independent Director.

Memberships/ Chairmanships of the

committee of the Board of Directors of

the Company

He is not a member of any Committees of the Board.

Memberships/ Chairmanships of

Committees of the Boards of other

Companies

Nil (Memberships/ Chairmanships in unlisted Companies are not considered.):

letter of appointment of an independent director

setting out the terms and conditions is available on the

website of the Company. Consents, declarations etc., referred

above would be available for inspection by the Members as

mentioned in the notes to this Notice.

In terms of Sec.149, 150, 152 and other applicable provisions of

the Companies Act, 2013 and related rules made thereunder,

Shri Ajai Kumar, being eligible, is proposed to be appointed as

an Independent Director from this Annual General Meeting until

the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company:

