letter etc., together with attested

specimen signature(s) of the duly authorised representative(s) or alternatively to e-mail, to the scrutiniser at e-mail,

rsaevoting@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of the above mentioned

documents should be in the naming format "CFHL - 72nd AGM"

7.

A statement pursuant to section 102 of the Act in respect of business set out under item no. 6 of the Notice is annexed.

8.

Pursuant to the provisions of section 91 of the Act and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (‘the Listing Regulations’), the register of members and share transfer books of the Company will

remain closed from Thursday, July 29, 2021 to Wednesday, August 4, 2021 (both days inclusive).

9.

The final dividend of `0.55/- (55%) per equity share of the Company, as recommended by the Board, if declared at this

AGM, will be paid, subject to the provisions of section 126 of the Act, to those members whose names stand registered

in the company's register of members as on August 4, 2021. Members are encouraged to utilise the electronic clearing

service (ECS) for receiving dividends by registering their bank mandates.

10.

Information required under the Listing Regulations in respect of appointment / re-appointment of directors and

appointment of auditors is furnished in the Notice.

11.

In terms of MCA and SEBI notifications, Notice of the 72nd AGM along with the Annual Report 2020-21 are being sent

only through electronic mode to members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company / Depository

participants ('DPs'). Members who have not yet registered their e-mail addresses are requested to follow the procedure

provided in the ‘instructions to members’ section given in the Notice. Members may note that the notice of the

AGM and the annual report will also be available on the Company’s website, www.cholafhl.com, website of RTA:

https://evoting.kfintech.com/public/Downloads.aspx and on the websites of stock exchanges: www.bseindia.com

and www.nseindia.com. For any communication, the members may send requests to the Company’s e-mail id:

investorservices@cfhl.murugappa.com.

12.

The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding maintained under section 170 of the

Act, the Register of Contacts or arrangements in which the directors are interested under section 189 of the Act and all

other documents referred in the Notice will be available for inspection in electronic mode. Members who wish to inspect

the documents can send an e-mail to investorservices@cfhl.murugappa.com.:

Managing Director of Tube Investments of India Limited. Mr. Vellayan

serves as the Chairman and Board member of various companies, details of which are furnished in the annual report.

Other information pursuant to regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standards on General Meetings are

furnished under Section (C) below. The Company has received a notice in writing from a member under section 160 of the:

letter providing the e-mail address, mobile number, self-attested PAN copy

and Client Master copy in case of electronic folio and copy of share certificate in case of physical folio for sending

the Annual report, Notice of AGM and the e-voting instructions.

(iii) After receiving the e-voting instructions, members shall follow the aforesaid procedure to cast their votes by

electronic means.

II.

FOR ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCING (VC) AND E-VOTING DURING THE MEETING

The Company has engaged KFintech to provide VC facility to conduct the 72nd AGM in an electronic manner. Procedure

for participating in the AGM through VC and the related matters are given below:

(i)

Members may access the same at https://emeetings.kfintech.com/ by using the e-voting login credentials provided

in the e-mail received from the Company/KFintech. After logging in, click on the Video Conference tab and select

the EVEN of the Company. Click on the video symbol and accept the meeting etiquettes to join the meeting. Please

note that the members who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and

Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned above.

(ii)

The facility for joining AGM through VC/ OAVM shall open atleast 30 minutes before the commencement of the

meeting.

(iii) Upto 2000 members will be allowed to participate in the AGM on first come first serve basis. This restriction is

not applicable for participation of large shareholders (shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters,

Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination

& Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc.:

Message from the Chairman .................................................................... 10

Board of Directors .................................................................................... 12

MANAGEMENT REPORTS

Board’s Report & Management Discussion and Analysis ....................... 14

Report on Corporate Governance ........................................................... 28

General Shareholder Information ............................................................ 41

Business Responsibility Report .............................................................. 55

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Standalone Financial Statements ............................................................ 61

Consolidated Financial Statements ....................................................... 110

CORPORATE INFORMATION:

Dear Shareholders,

First and foremost, I hope this message finds you and

your family in good health. I am pleased to connect

with you through this annual report and share your

Company’s performance during FY 21. The year that

has gone by witnessed significant global political and

economic developments centered around several

major events including the COVID-19 pandemic, the

U.S.-China trade war and the U.S. presidential election.

The global economy was fraught with challenges due to

the pandemic in particular, with many countries suffering

immense impact. Significant reductions in income, a rise

in unemployment and disruptions in the transportation,

service, and manufacturing industries are among the

consequences of the disease. The situation in India has

been no different, as we find ourselves staring at the

worst ever recession since independence. Just as the

global & domestic economy showed signs of recovery

that began in the third quarter of 2020, a resurgence in

infectious cases in many parts of the globe renewed calls

for lockdowns and curfews, threatened to weaken or

delay a potential sustained economic recovery into mid

to late 2021. In India, the second wave has disrupted

economic recovery with major economic indicators

showing signs of stress, more specifically the services

sector and MSMEs.

FY 21 has been extremely challenging for the financial

services industry, especially on account of the worldwide

economic slowdown, coupled with stressed borrowers

and a liquidity crunch in the market. After battling

disruptions during the first quarter, India's non-banking

financial companies grew at a slower pace in the second

and third quarters of the year largely aided by the liquidity

enhancing measures announced by the Government. In

the insurance sector, the general insurance industry in

which your Company operates registered a tepid 2%

growth for the last fiscal year primarily driven by growth

in health insurance and fire insurance segments even

as the dominant motor and crop insurance segment

declined. Fire protection insurance grew 30%, health

insurance reported a 13.5% rise, while motor and crop

insurance dipped 6.2% and 3.4% respectively. A positive

development during the year is the Government’s

initiative permitting FDI limit upto 74%.

Amidst the challenging external environment, your

Company and its subsidiaries, continued to deliver

consistent performance through its diversified business

model during the year. In terms of consolidated financial

performance, total income stood at `13,905 Crore and

profit after tax was `1,764 Crore for FY 21. At standalone

level, total income was `58 Crore and profit after tax was

`22 Crore for the same period. The Board is pleased to

recommend a dividend @ 55% for FY 21.

The NBFC subsidiary, Cholamandalam Investment and

Finance Company Limited (CIFCL) closed the year with

disbursements of `26,043 Crore and business assets: MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Forbes & Company

Limited. Has held leadership positions in various Indian and multinational organizations,

both in India and overseas - Hindustan Lever Ltd., RPG Group, Pepsi, Electrolux, Telstra

and Heinz;

♦

Is a director on the Boards of Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Ltd.,

Bata Ltd., Birlasoft Ltd., Mahindra Intertrade Ltd., DCB Bank Ltd. and Huhtamaki India

Ltd. Is a member of Managing Committee of ASSOCHAM.

♦

Is the past President of the Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry and The

Council of EU Chambers of Commerce in India;

♦

Joined the Company’s Board in August, 2018.

♦

Graduated from the University of Mumbai and is a member of the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India;

♦

Has experience in the areas of statutory and internal audit, due diligence, SOX

compliance and other professional services;

♦

Has worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers, A. F. Ferguson and Deloitte Haskins & Sells

where he was a partner till 2015;

♦

During his long career, has serviced national and multinational clients from diverse

sectors such as manufacturing, trading, software, time-share, real estate, financial

services, pharma, engineering, construction, services etc.

♦

Is a Board member of Redington (India) Ltd.

♦

Joined the Company’s Board in March, 2019.

(65 years)

DIN: 00170478

Chairman &

Non-Executive Director

Mr. M M Murugappan

(64 years)

DIN: 00492930

Independent Director

Mr. Ashok Kumar Barat

(66 years)

DIN: 07525213

Independent Director

Mr. B Ramaratnam

BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

Managing Director of Tube Investments of

India Ltd.;

♦

Is a director on the Boards of various companies including SRF Ltd. and Shanthi

Gears Ltd. ;

♦

Was a recipient of the Extraordinary Entrepreneur of the Year - TiECON 2014 Award;

♦

Appointed as an additional director of the Company on November 11, 2020.

♦

Is a B.Sc (Zoology) graduate from Stella Maris College, Chennai, M.Sc (Zoology) from

Madras University and a Certified Associate of Indian Institute of Bankers;

♦

Joined State Bank of India as a probationary officer in 1981 in Delhi and retired in

November 2017 as Chief General Manager;

♦

Has lengthy experience in grass-root, retail aspects of banking for close to 20 years as

Branch Head, Head of Personal Banking Division, NRI Division and retail processing;

♦

Was actively involved in implementation of various projects of the bank aimed at

impacting the employees and individual customers of the Bank;

♦

Has served as the: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

The Directors take pleasure in presenting the 72nd Annual Report together with the audited financial statements of the

Company for the financial year (‘FY’) ended March 31, 2021.

DIVIDEND

The Board of Directors recommend a dividend at the rate

of 55% i.e., `0.55 per equity share of face value of `1/-

each for the year ended March 31, 2021.

APPROPRIATIONS

The Company has transferred a sum of `4.35 Crore

(previous year: `16.67 Crore) to Special Reserve under

section 45-IC of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.

MACRO ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

The year 2020 was dominated by the COVID-19 global

pandemic that triggered the deepest recession in nearly a

century, threatening health, disrupting economic activity,

and hurting well-being and employment. To curb the

rapid spread of the virus, governments across the globe

imposed several measures that restricted the mobility

of people and goods, which impeded trade flows at

local, regional, and international levels. This led to lower

external demand, disruptions in supply chain and drop in

commodity prices including oil. Emerging and developing

economies were hit hard especially those with the

highest number of COVID cases. While the agriculture

sector displayed resilience, manufacturing and services

sectors, especially tourism and hospitality were worst

affected. Global economic prospects improved markedly

during the second half year of 2020 largely aided by the

gradual deployment of vaccines and announcements of

fiscal support in some countries, only to be dampened

by resurgence of a second wave during the end of the

year. The world economy is expected to shrink to 4.3%

in 2020 and grow by 5.8% in 2021. However, the return

to pre-pandemic levels is likely to be long, uneven and

uncertain.

On the domestic front, India's GDP growth had been on

the decline even before the pandemic struck earlier last

year. The impact of COVID-19 on the economy has been

multifarious affecting both formal and informal sectors.

The country experienced economic recession for the first

time in four decades. Months of lockdown during the first

quarter resulted in free fall of employment, which slowly

stabilized after the economy steadied in most parts of the

country. Triggered by the pandemic situation, the GDP

contracted by 24.4% during the first quarter of FY 21.

The Government’s financial stimulus package under the:

letter of appointment is given to independent

directors at the time of appointment which lays

the role and duties of an independent director. The

terms and conditions of appointment of independent

directors

is

available

on

CFHL’s

website

at

http://www.cholafhl.com/article/investors/466.

Key

regulatory changes are circulated to the Board every

quarter as part of agenda notes.

The Company has in place familiarisation programme

for directors with regard to their roles, duties, rights,

responsibilities in the company. Directors are familiarised

with the organisational set-up, businesses including its

associate / subsidiary / JV companies, the environment

in which it operates and relevant information pertaining to

CFHL and the group companies. Details of familiarisation

programme are available on CFHL’s website at:

http://www.cholafhl.com/article/investors/858.

Board Evaluation

Pursuant to the provisions of section 134, schedule

IV of the Act and the rules made thereunder and SEBI

Listing Regulations, an annual performance evaluation

of the Board, individual directors, Committees of the

Board and the Chairman has been carried out through

an online module with structured assessment forms.

The

assessment

questionnaires

covering

various

parameters were completed by the directors providing

feedback on the effectiveness of the Board, Committees,

individual directors and the Chairman. The parameters

for Board evaluation inter alia include Board’s structure,

governance, dynamics & functioning and financial

reporting process. The criteria for assessment of

individual directors inter alia include attendance and

effective participation at the meetings and familiarity with

the Company’s business and policies and the criteria

for assessment of Board Committees inter alia include

frequency of the meetings and effective functioning of the

Committee. The Board carried out evaluation of its own

performance, independent directors and its committees.

The evaluation of non-independent directors, Board

as a whole and the Chairman were carried out by the

independent directors at the meeting anchored by the

Chairman of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee.

At the Board meeting held on March 30, 2021, Chairman

of the Board shared the feedback on performance review

of the Board and Committees.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

Various committees have been constituted as per

regulatory requirements and to support the Board in

discharging its duties efficiently. The committees of the

Board are Audit Committee, Nomination & Remuneration

Committee,

Stakeholders

Relationship

Committee,

Risk Management Committee and Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee. The Board at the time of

constitution of committees approves the terms of

reference of each committee. Minutes of the meetings of

the Committees are placed before the Board for noting.

Audit Committee

The Committee has been constituted in terms of section

177 of the Act and regulation 18 of the SEBI Listing

Regulations.

Brief terms of reference

•

Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting

process and disclosure of its financial information;

•

Review of financial statements and auditors’ report;

•

Recommendation for appointment, remuneration

and terms of appointment of auditors of the

company;

•

Approval or any subsequent modification of

transactions of the company with related parties;

•

Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;

•

Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk

management systems;

•

Review and monitor the auditor’s independence and

performance and effectiveness of audit process;

•

Review of internal audit scope / plan and findings.

Composition

The Committee comprises of four members viz.,

Mr. B Ramaratnam (Chairman), Mr. Ashok Kumar

Barat, Mrs. Vasudha Sundararaman and Mr. Sridharan

Rangarajan. In order to acquaint the members of the

Audit Committee of their roles and responsibilities, a

hand book on Audit Committee is provided to members

at the time of induction.

Meetings and Attendance

The Committee met five times during the year ended

March 31, 2021. The statutory auditor and internal

auditor are invited to attend quarterly meetings of the

Committee. The Manager & Chief Financial Officer is

invited to attend all meetings of the Audit Committee.

During FY 21 the independent directors of the Audit

Committee held separate discussions with the statutory

auditor without the presence of the management team

on June 15, 2020 and November 03, 2020.:

Letter of Comfort issued to any subsidiary

-

-

11

Investments

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

(1)

Value of Investments

(i)

Gross Value of Investments

(a) In India

1,279.22

1,278.35

(b) Outside India

-

-

(ii) Provision for Depreciation

(a) In India

-

-

(b) Outside India

-

-

(iii) Net Value of Investments

(a) In India

1,279.22

1,278.35

(b) Outside India

-

-

Notes to Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements

(All amounts are in crores of Indian rupees, unless otherwise stated):

