Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of

the Bank.

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification, the following Resolution as an Ordinary

Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152, 196, 197, 203 and all other applicable provisions, if

any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Act’) and the relevant Rules made there under

(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force), Section 10B, 35B

and other applicable provisions of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 (including any statutory modification (s) or

re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) and the Rules, Circulars and Guidelines issued by the

Reserve Bank of India (‘RBI’) and the applicable Regulations under the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Articles of Association of the Bank and the

approval granted by the RBI vide: letter DBR. Appt. No.87/ 08.38.001/2020-21 dated July 16, 2020,

Mr. Shyam Srinivasan (DIN: 02274773) be and is hereby re-appointed as Managing

letter no. DOR.GCA-CB.No.2145/08.38.001/2020-21 dated January 01, 2021,

Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria (DIN: 05154975)be and is hereby re-appointed as an Executive Director of the Bank for

the period from April 01, 2021 to April 30, 2022 and on such remuneration, terms and conditions which is

subject to approval of RBI.

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of Section 35B, other applicable provisions of the Banking Regulation Act,

1949 and applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and as per the approval granted by the RBI vide its: letter no DOR.GCA-CB.No. 2141/08.38.001/2020-21 dated January 01, 2021, the payment of performance linked

incentives of ₹ 13,00,000/- (Rupees Thirteen lakh only) to Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria for the performance period 2019-20

be and is hereby approved.”

9. Payment of Performance Linked Incentive to Ms. Shalini Warrier (DIN: 08257526), Executive

letter of offer or circular or placement document, on such

terms and conditions considering the prevailing market conditions and other relevant factors wherever

necessary, for an amount not exceeding in the aggregate ₹ 4000 Crore (Rupees Four Thousand Crore only) or its

equivalent amount in such foreign currencies as may be necessary, inclusive of any premium and green shoe

option attached thereto, at such price or prices, (whether at prevailing market price(s) or at permissible discount

or premium to market price(s) in terms of applicable regulations) and on such terms and conditions at the

Board’s absolute discretion including the discretion to determine the categories of Investors, considering the

prevailing market conditions and other relevant factors wherever necessary, to whom the offer, issue and

allotment of Securities shall be made to the exclusion of others, in such manner, including allotment to stabilizing

agent in terms of green shoe option, if any, exercised by the Bank, and where necessary in consultation with the

book running lead managers and/or underwriters and/or stabilizing agent and/ or other advisors or otherwise on:

letter of offer and/or circular or

placement document, registration statement, and filing of such documents (in draft or final form) with any Indian or

foreign regulatory authority or stock exchanges, including RBI and sign all deeds, documents and writings and to pay

any fees, commissions, remuneration, expenses relating thereto and with power on behalf of the Bank to settle all

questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in regard to the issue, offer or allotment of Securities and take all

steps which are incidental and ancillary in this connection, including in relation to utilization of the issue proceeds,

as it may in its absolute discretion deem fit without being required to seek further consent or approval of the:

letter of offers as may be issued by the Bank and in one or more tranches, on a

private placement basis within the overall borrowing limits of the Bank approved by way of special resolution under

the provisions of Section 180(1) of the Companies Act 2013, on such terms and conditions for each series / tranches

including the price, coupon, premium, discount, tenor, etc. as may be approved by the Board of Directors of the

Bank, from time to time”.

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Bank be and is hereby authorized to execute all such

agreements, documents, instruments and writings, to settle, questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise with

regard to the said matter as it may in its sole and absolute discretion deem appropriate and to do all such acts,

deeds, matters and things as may be required to give effect to this resolution”.

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Bank be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of

its powers herein conferred to any Committee of Board of Directors of the Bank or any one or more of the Directors

or Executives of the Bank or any Committee of the Executives of the Bank, for giving effect to this resolution’’

13. To approve the issuance of equity shares on preferential basis

To approve the offer or invitation to subscribe to equity shares by way of preferential allotment on a private

placement basis, and in this regard, to consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the

following resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to (i) the provisions of Sections 23, 42 and 62(1)(c) and other applicable provisions, if

any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Companies Act”) read with the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of

Securities) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory

amendment(s) or modification(s) thereto or enactment(s) or re- enactment(s) thereof the time being in force); (ii)

the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (the

“ICDR Regulations”); (iii) the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the Master Directions – Issue and Pricing of Shares by

Private Sector Banks, Directions, 2016, the Master Directions – Ownership in Private Sector Banks, Directions, 2016,

the Master Directions – Prior Approval for acquisition of shares or voting rights in Private Sector Banks, Directions,

2015; (iv) the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”);

in each case, including statutory amendment(s) or modification(s) thereto or re-enactment(s) or substitution(s)

made there under, if any, for the time being in force and in accordance with other applicable rules, regulations,

circulars, notifications, clarifications and guidelines issued thereon, from time to time (v) any other rules /

regulations / guidelines, if any, prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), the Ministry of

Corporate Affairs, the Reserve Bank of India, under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended, and

rules and regulations framed there under, the respective stock exchanges where the shares of the Bank are listed

(“Stock Exchanges”) and/or any other statutory / regulatory authority; and (vi) the memorandum and articles of

association of the Bank; and subject to the approvals), consent(s), permission(s) and/or sanction(s), if any, of the

appropriate authorities, institutions or bodies as may be required, and subject to such conditions and modifications,

as may be prescribed by any of them while granting any such approvals, consent(s), permission(s), and/or

sanction(s), and which terms may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Bank (the “Board”, which term shall

be deemed to include any committee which the Board may have constituted or hereinafter constitute to exercise its

powers including the powers conferred by this resolution), the approval of the members of the Bank be and is

hereby accorded to create, offer, issue and allot 10,48,46,394 equity shares of face value Rs.2/- (Indian Rupees Two

only) each (“Shares”) at an issue price of Rs. 87.39 per share for a consideration not exceeding an aggregate

amount of Rs. 916,252,6371.66 (Rupees Nine Hundred and Sixteen Crore Twenty Five Lakhs Twenty Six Thousand

Three Hundred and Seventy One and Sixty Six paise) to the following investors, each a Qualified Institutional Buyer

in terms of ICDR Regulations(the “Allottees”) by way of preferential allotment on a private placement basis

(“Preferential Allotment”), in accordance with the ICDR Regulations, Companies Act and other applicable laws and,

on such terms and conditions as mentioned hereunder::

letter (in Form PAS-4 as prescribed under the Companies

Act), without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the members. “

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 complete record of private

placement offers be recorded in Form PAS-5 for the issue of invitation to subscribe to the Shares.“

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the: Managing

letter No. DOS.ARG. No. PS-8/08.09.005/2019-20 dated June 04,2020 approved the

appointment of M/s Varma & Varma, Chartered Accountants, Kochi and M/s Borkar & Muzumdar, Chartered

Accountants, Mumbai, as the Joint Statutory Central Auditors of the Bank for the year 2020-2021 for their first year.

The 89thAnnual General Meeting of the shareholders of the Bank held on July 16, 2020 had further approved the

appointment of M/s. Varma & Varma, Chartered Accountants (Registration No. 004532S) for a period of four (4)

years together with M/s. Borkar & Muzumdar, Chartered Accountants (Registration No. 101569W) for a period of

three (3) years as Joint Statutory Central Auditors of the Bank from the conclusion of 89th AGM till the conclusion of

93rd and 92nd AGM respectively.

RBI guidelines for appointment of Statutory Central Auditors (SCAs)/Statutory Auditors (SAs) of Commercial Banks,

vide Circular No. DoS.CO.ARG/SEC.01/08.91.001/2021-22 dated April 27, 2021, applicable from FY 2021-22 onwards,

inter alia mandates that in order to protect the independence of the auditors/audit firms, entities will have to

appoint the SCAs/SAs for a continuous period of three years, subject to the firms satisfying the eligibility norms each

year. Further, Commercial Banks can remove the audit firms during the above period only with the prior approval of

the concerned office of RBI (Department of Supervision).

In order to comply with the requirements of the RBI Circular dated April 27, 2021, pursuant to the recommendation

of the Audit Committee (the “Committee”), the Board of Directors of the Bank (the “Board”) at its meeting held on

June 16, 2021 considered and approved the proposal of revision of tenure of appointment of M/s. Varma and

Varma, one of the Joint Statutory Central Auditors, as three years with effect from FY 2020-21 subject to the

approval of Shareholders of the Bank.

M/s. Varma & Varma was established by Mr. Kerala Varma Kochunniappan Thampuran and Mr. Kerala Varma

Kunhappan Thampuran, two members of the erstwhile Royal Family of Cochin (now Kochi), Kerala on June 17, 1935.

The firm has Statutory Central Auditor experience of Public Sector Banks like State Bank of India, Indian Overseas

Bank, Canara Bank, Indian Bank, Punjab & Sind Bank, erstwhile State Bank of Travancore and erstwhile Syndicate

Bank. The firm was our Statutory Central Auditor during FY 2001-02 to 2003-04 and then from FY 2008-09 to 2011-

12. They have done the Statutory Central Audit of other Private Sector Banks like South Indian Bank and Catholic

Syrian Bank. The firm has 8 branches at Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Trivandrum, Thrissur, Kozhikode &

Kannur with Head Office at Kochi. The firm has experience of around 51 years as Statutory Central Auditor of Banks.

The Board of Directors recommends the resolution in relation to revision of tenure of appointment of M/s. Varma

and Varma, one of the Joint Statutory Central Auditors, as three years with effect from FY 2020-21 as set out in Item

No. 4 for approval of the Members by way of an Ordinary Resolution.

None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank and their relatives are concerned or interested,

financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 4.

Item no.5

In accordance with the provisions of Section 139 and Section 143(8) of the Companies Act, 2013, RBI and other

regulatory requirements, the shareholders of the Bank may authorize its Board of Directors to appoint branch

auditors in consultation with the Bank’s Joint Statutory Central Auditors.

The Board of Directors recommends the resolution in relation to appointment and to fix the remuneration of branch

auditors as set out in Item No. 5 for approval of the Members by way of an Ordinary Resolution.:

Managing Director & CEO (‘MD & CEO’) of the Bank

since September 23, 2010, in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association (‘AOA’) of the Bank,

recommendation of Nomination, Remuneration, Ethics and Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors

and with the approval of the Members of the Bank and the Reserve Bank of India (‘RBI’), were obtained from time to

time. His current tenure as MD & CEO of the Bank as approved by Members of the Bank and the RBI was valid upto

September 21, 2020.

Despite the tumultuous market environment, under his leadership, Federal Bank has achieved consistent healthy

performance and turned the Bank to be one among the strongest and healthiest Banks in the system with robust

financial results with low NPA levels.

Considering, the leadership and strategic direction provided by Mr. Shyam Srinivasan in driving the growth and

profitability of the Bank in a complex environment and the overall performance of the Bank, the Board of Directors:

letter DoR.Appt.No 87/08.38.001/2020-21 dated July 16, 2020 had granted approval for re-appointment of

Mr. Shyam Srinivasan as MD & CEO of the Bank for a period of one year w.e.f. September 23, 2020 till September

22, 2021. Further, RBI vide said: letter also approved the Fixed Pay (including perquisites) of Mr. Shyam Srinivasan

effective from September 23, 2020 as stated below.

Items

Remuneration (per annum)

1. Salary

Rs. 2,25,00,000/-

2. Dearness Allowance

Nil

3. Retiral/Superannuation benefits:

a. Provident Fund

22,50,000/-

b. Gratuity

18,75,000/-

c. Pension

-

4. Leave Fare Concession

6,00,000/-

5. Leave Encashment

18,75,000/-

6. Perquisites

i. Free Furnished House and its maintenance/House Rent

Allowance

23,50,000/-

ii. Conveyance Allowance/Free use of bank's car for

a. Official purposes

b. Private purposes

28,800/-

-

iii. Driver(s)’ salary

10,800/-

iv. Club Membership(s)

31,800/-

v. Reimbursement of Medical Expenses

-

vi. Servant Wages

1,50,000/-

vii. Insurance Premium

2,250/-

Total Fixed Pay (Including Perquisites)

3,16,73,650/-

Further, MD & CEO’s re-appointment is in terms of the Articles of Association of the Bank, and in compliance with

the provisions of Section 10B, in particular, on account of Mr. Shyam Srinivasan having the requisite

experience/expertise required under Section 10B and other applicable provisions of the Banking Regulation Act,

1949.

Accordingly, approval of the members is requested for re-appointment of Mr. Shyam Srinivasan as MD & CEO of the

Bank for a period of one year w.e.f. September 23, 2020 till September 22, 2021 as per the aforesaid terms.

Additional information in respect of Mr. Shyam Srinivasan, pursuant to Regulation 36 the SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2), is given at

Annexure A to this Notice. Brief profile of Mr. Shyam Srinivasan is given at Annexure B to this Notice.

The Nomination, Remuneration, Ethics and Compensation Committee and Board of

letter

no. DOR.GCA-CB.No. 2145/08.38.001/2020-21 dated January 01, 2021, approved the proposal for re- appointment

of Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria as Executive Director with effect from April 01, 2021 till April 30, 2022.

The RBI approval for the revised Remuneration/Terms and Conditions of Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria, Executive Director

of the Bank is awaited.

The Board of Directors of the Bank had in its meeting dated June 19, 2020, approved payment of ₹13 lakh as

Performance Linked Incentive to Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria, Executive Director for the financial year ended March 31,

2020 for which approval from Reserve Bank of India was obtained vide its: letter DOR.GCA-CB.No.

2141/08.38.001/2020-21 dated January 1, 2021.

Accordingly, approval of the members is requested for re-appointment of Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria as Executive

Managing Director and CEO

of the Bank for one year

w.e.f. September 23, 2020

till September 22, 2021 for

which

RBI

has

granted

approval

vide: letter

DoR.Appt.No

87/08.38.001/2020-21

dated July 16, 2020, subject

to

the

approval

of

shareholders of the Bank

The Fixed Pay (including

perquisites) as approved by

RBI made effective from

September

23,

2020

is

shown

in

explanatory

statement of item no. 6

As

per

the

terms

of

appointment, she is liable

to retire by rotation as per

the provisions of Section

152 of the Companies Act,

2013 and being eligible

offers

himself

for

re-

appointment. She is entitled

to receive remuneration as

approved by the Members

in their meeting held on

July 16, 2020.

.

She was appointed by the

Board in its meeting dated

September 09, 2020, as an

Additional

Independent

Director of the Bank for five

years

effective

from

September 09, 2020

The Board in its meeting held

on

June

16,

2021,

recommends

for

the

approval of the Members for

her

appointment

as

Independent Director for a

period of five years with

effect from the date of his

appointment by the Board.

She is entitled to receive

sitting fees and the Bank

meets

the

travelling

expenses as well as the

boarding

and

lodging

expenses

of

the

Non-

Executive

Directors/

Independent Directors for

attending the meetings of

Board /Committees of Board

and compensation in the

form

of

profit

related

commission

He was re-appointed as

Executive Director from April

01, 2021 to April 30, 2022 for

which

RBI

has

granted

approval

vide

letter

DOR.GCA-CB.No.

2145/08.38.001/2020-21

dated January 01, 2021

The Board in its meeting

dated

June

11,

2021

recommended

the

re-

appointment of Mr. A P

Hota as an Independent

Director of the Bank for his

second term of with effect

from July 10, 2021 up to

January 14, 2026 (both days

inclusive).

He is entitled to receive

sitting fees and over and

above, the Bank meets the

travelling expenses as well

as the boarding and lodging

expenses

of

the

Non-

Executive

Directors/

Independent Directors for

attending the meetings of

Board

/Committees

of

Board and compensation in

the form of profit related

commission

Details of last

drawn

remuneration

During the Financial Year

2020-21,

an

aggregate

amount of Rs. 231.11 Lakhs

was

paid

towards

remuneration.

During the Financial Year

2020-21,

an

aggregate

amount of Rs. 108.66 Lakhs

was

paid

towards

remuneration.

During the Financial Year

2020-21,

an

aggregate

amount of Rs. 12.00 Lakhs

was

paid

towards

commission

and

fee

for

attending Board/ Committee

Meetings.

During the Financial Year

2020-21,

an

aggregate

amount of Rs.116.62 Lakhs

was

paid

towards

remuneration

During the Financial Year

2020-21,

an

aggregate

amount of Rs. 27.50 Lakhs

was

paid

towards

commission and fee for

attending

Board/

Committee Meetings

*

Managing Director & CEO of The Federal Bank Ltd on September 23, 2010. He joined Federal Bank, equipped with the

experience of over 20 years with leading multinational banks in India, Middle East and South East Asia, where he gained significant expertise in retail lending,

wealth management and SME banking.

He is an alumnus of the Indian Institute of Management, Kolkata and Regional Engineering College, Tiruchirapally. He has completed a Leadership Development

Program from the London Business School and has served on the Global Executive Forum (the top 100 executives) of Standard Chartered Bank from 2004 to

2010.

At Federal Bank, he has been instrumental in implementing various path-breaking initiatives which include : Increasing the presence and visibility of the Bank to

a national level; creating an inherent capability within the Bank to reinvent and re-implement processes - especially the customer-critical ones, initiating the

Total Quality Management Journey of the Bank, focusing on under-writing quality at every stage right from credit selection, incubating the human resource

potential of the Bank and so on. He continues his mission to create a culture of Ethics and Excellence in the Bank, which he so believes in.

An administrator of national eminence, he holds key positions in the Industry as follows:



Chairman of IBA Committee on Member Private Sector Banks.



Member of the committee on Financial Sector Legislative Reforms set up by Reserve Bank of India.



Past Chairman of Kerala State Council of Confederation of Indian Industries.



Honorary fellow & governing council member of Indian Institute of Banking and Finance



Chairman of Policyholder Protection Committee of IDBI Federal



Alternate Chairman in the following committees of the Indian Bank's Association:



Committee on Risk Management and Basel Implementation



Agro Business and MSME

He has been conferred upon the following awards and recognitions in the recent past:



Exemplary Leadership Award from the Rotary Club



Rashtriya Udyog Ratna Award instituted by the NEHRDO



The Greatest Corporate Leaders Of India Award given away by the World HRD Congress



Business Standard Banker of the Year for 2019-20

Ms. Varsha Purandare is the Independent Director of the Bank. She has varied experience of 36 years in credit, forex, treasury, capital markets, investment

banking, SSI and private equity businesses of State Bank of India (SBI) & SBI Capital Markets Ltd (SBICAPS) across geographies domestic & globally. She also

served various Boards & Committees of several businesses of SBI and other institutions. She was also the former MD & CEO of SBI Capital Market Limited. Ms.

Purandare was the Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & Ceo

12

embracing the Digital…

to Become More Human!

16

Directors’ report

35

Management Discussion

and Analysis

71

Standalone

153

We are Human at the Core…

19

nurturing eSG Goals to

Drive Human Aspirations

20

Board of Directors

32

Key Management team

33

Corporate Information

34

Corporate Governance

report

107

Business responsibility

report

143

Consolidated

264

Basel III Disclosures

234

Form AoC1

319

Forward-looking statement

this document contains certain forward-looking statements based on current expectations of Federal Bank management. Actual results may vary signif-

icantly from the forward-looking statements contained in this document due to various risks and political conditions in India and outside India, volatility in

interest rates and in the securities market, new regulations and Government policies that may impact the businesses for Federal Bank as well as its ability

to implement the strategy. Federal Bank does not undertake to update these statements. this document does not constitute an offer or recommenda-

tion to buy or sell any securities of Federal Bank or any of its subsidiaries and associate companies. Figures for the previous year have been regrouped

wherever necessary to conform to current year’s presentation.

to view this report online, please visit:

www.federalbank.co.in:

Dear Shareholders,

Greetings!

Since we met a year ago we have remained

in the throes of successive waves of the

pandemic that has gripped the country and

the planet. We gratefully acknowledge your

presence with us today despite the trying

times. As Mahatma Gandhi wisely observed

“Strength does not come from physical

capacity. It comes from an indomitable will”.

And so we rise up chastened yet strengthened

with a new resolve to face the challenges of

an evolving new world.

Variety

of

stimulus

measures

across

the globe is helping countries put their

economies back on the growth track, and

yet globally, the recovery remains uneven.

In India, the higher-than-expected GDp

growth of 1.6% in the last quarter of FY21

did moderate the challenge created by the

pandemic to some extent. However, the

7.3% contraction in GDp in FY21, as per

the provisional estimates of the national

Statistical office (nSo), remains a matter

of concern. While projecting a rebound for

the Indian economy to 9.3% growth in FY22,

Moody’s Investor Services has said that

risks to India’s financial sector have been

exacerbated by the second wave of the

pandemic.

Banking sector especially has had a harder

job at hand because bankers have the dual

led by its twin focus

on Digital enablement and

people empowerment,

supported by operational

strength, the Bank navigated

unprecedented challenges

during the year to deliver

exceptional numbers

Federal Bank

10:

Managing Director & Ceo: Dear Shareholders,

thank you! And I sincerely hope this finds you

safe and well!

It is my pleasure to share with you our Annual

report for FY 2020-21, a milestone year for the

Bank in more ways than one.

A year back nobody knew how radically

the world would change due to the pandemic

and would trigger a sharp recession creating

unprecedented

challenges

for

individuals

and society at large. our report documents

how our franchise responded to these

testing

times,

on

all

fronts.

In

these

challenging times, our eagerness to adapt

and innovate has placed us in a strong

position.

I had indicated last year that Simple, Digital,

and Contactless would be the three guiding

themes for FY 2020-21. I am happy to share

that, we could navigate extreme volatility and

successfully scale up our customer connect

as we transitioned to a contactless mode,

quite seamlessly, courtesy our alert and agile

digital framework.

Simple, Digital,

Contactless – this is what

I had defined last year to

be the cornerstones of

our strategic focus for

FY 2020-21, and a

stepping stone in our

journey to become the

bank of FIrSt CHoICe

for Indians

Federal Bank

12

Managing Director & Ceo

Federal Bank

14:

Managing Director & Ceo

ashutosh Khajuria

executive Director

shalini Warrier

executive Director

sudarshan sen

Independent Director

online Certification programme in It and Cyber

Security

IDrBt

siddhartha sengupta

Independent Director

Virtual learning programme for non-executive

Director on the Boards of the Banks and

Financial Institutions

CAFrAl

ashutosh Khajuria

executive Director

Virtual learning programme for Chief Financial

officers: traditional and evolving roI

Statutory Reports

Corporate Overview

Financial Statements

AnnuAl RepoRt 2020-21

31:

Managing Director & Ceo)

Ca Manoj Fadnis

(Independent Director)

Mr. Balakrishnan

Krishnamurthy

(Independent Director)

Ms. Varsha Purandare

(Independent Director)

Mr. siddhartha sengupta

(Independent Director)

Ms. shalini Warrier

(executive Director)

Federal Bank

32:

letter dated

July 16, 2020 had approved the re-appointment of Mr. Shyam

Srinivasan as: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the Bank, for

a period of one year with effect from September 23, 2019 to

September 22, 2020 and Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria as an Executive

Director of the Bank designated as Executive Director and Chief

Financial Officer of the Bank for the period from January 28, 2020

to March 31, 2021. Further, the Shareholders of the Bank at the

89th AGM approved the appointment of Ms. Shalini Warrier as

Executive Director of the Bank, for a period of three (3) years with

effect from January 15, 2020.

Ms. Shubhalakshmi Panse (DIN- 02599310) Independent Director

of the Bank, retired from the Directorship of the Bank effective

from July 17, 2020, upon completion of two terms as Independent

Director, in accordance with the regulatory requirements of RBI.

Necessary information pursuant to SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, in respect

of directors to be appointed and re-appointed at the ensuing

Annual General Meeting are given in the Annexure to the Notice

convening the Annual General Meeting scheduled to be held on

July 09, 2021.

None of the Directors of your Bank are disqualified for being

appointed as directors, as specified in Section 164(2) and Rule

14(1) of Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors)

Rules, 2014.

KeY ManaGeMenT PeRsOnnel

As on March 31, 2021, the following Directors/Executive

continued as Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank:

Mr. Shyam Srinivasan –: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Shyam Srinivasan – Non Executive Director

Ms. Gauri Rushabh Shah – Independent Director

Mr. Maninder Singh Juneja – Nominee Director

Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria – Nominee Director

The total revenue of Fedfina for the year ended on March 31,

2021 is ` 696.41 Crores as against ` 471.27 Crores for the year

ended March 31, 2020. Revenue grew by 48% on the back of

growth of 23% in loan book during the year. The net profit of the

Company grew by 48% to ` 58.60 Crores for the year ended March

31, 2021 as against ` 39.54 Crores for the year ended March 31,

2020. The Net worth of Fedfina at the beginning of the year was

` 694.04 Crores and closing Net worth of Fedfina as on March 31,

2021 was ` 832.08 Crores. During the year, Bank has invested in

equity shares of Company amounting to ` 58.61 Crores.

The total loan portfolio of Fedfina as on March 31, 2021 was

` 4,491.75 Crores as against ` 3,650.75 Crores as on March 31,

2020. The total assets of the Company increased to ` 5,409.89

Crores as on March 31, 2021 from ` 4,035.10 Crores as on March

31, 2020.

Note: The figures reported above for Fedfina are as per the

audited financial statements prepared for the consolidation as

per AS 21, Consolidated Financial Statements.

assOciaTe cOMPanies

As on March 31, 2021, the Bank has two Associate Companies

named M/s. Ageas Federal Life Insurance Company Limited

(Formerly known as IDBI Federal Life Insurance Co Ltd.) and

M/s. Equirus Capital Private Limited.

Joint Venture in life insurance Business

The Bank’s Joint Venture Life Insurance Company, in association

with IDBI Bank Limited and Ageas Insurance International N.V.

(Formerly known as Fortis), namely Ageas Federal Life Insurance

Company Limited (erstwhile IDBI Federal Life Insurance Company

Limited), commenced operations in March 2008. Currently the

Bank has a total stake of ` 208 Crores in the equity of the Company

holding 26% of the equity capital. The total premium collected by

Ageas Federal Life Insurance Company Limited during the period

ended March 31, 2021 was ` 1,958.64 Crores. The Company has

declared & paid final dividend of 13% for the FY 2020-21.

Mr. Shyam Srinivasan,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO.

All material risks of the Bank emerging in the course of its

business are identified, assessed and monitored in the Internal

Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP). In our view,

all the material risks of the Bank are identified, assessed and

managed adequately.

ViGil MecHanisM/WHisTle BlOWeR POlicY

The Bank has a robust mechanism for fraud risk management

and the meticulously drafted Fraud Risk Management

Policy elucidates the numerous mitigation measures and

the surveillance mechanism that complements prevention,

detection, investigation and monitoring of both, internal and

external frauds. Vigilance Department plays a dynamic role

in all the activities related to fraud and it also shoulders the

responsibility in sensitizing public as well as employees at all

levels, on trending modus operandi of frauds, as part of the

pre-emptive strategy. With a view to create an atmosphere

of vigil and alertness, Vigilance Department issues Vigilance

Communications (Alerts) to all employees on regular basis that

disseminates various modus operandi of frauds in the banking

industry and also suggesting safeguards and precautions to be

adopted to prevent such frauds. Preventive Vigilance Workshops

are conducted every year to sensitise and equip the field level

staff to prevent frauds and at selected branches preventive

Vigilance Audits are also conducted. Further, Fraud Prevention

Committee at the branches conducts meetings periodically

with a view to spread awareness among the employees on

potential fraudulent activities and to keep them alert. Customer

awareness on fraudulent activities is another area that is well

covered by the Bank through various effective communication

channels including SMS, E-Mails, posters at Branches, ribbon

messages on Bank website, internet banking webpage, etc. All

cases of frauds reported in the Bank are investigated in detail

as part of detective vigilance activity. Lacunae, if any observed

during the course of investigation are plugged and cases where

process refinements are warranted, are presented before

relevant forums for corrective measures/necessary directions.

Bank has a robust Whistle Blower Policy termed as Protected

Disclosure Scheme (PDS) with a view to enhancing public

confidence in the Bank and also in compliance of RBI directions

in this regard. The policy aims at establishing an efficient vigil

mechanism in the Bank to quickly spot aberrations and deal

with it at the earliest. It is disseminated among the employees

assuring confidentiality and protection to the whistle blower

against any personal vindictive actions such as humiliation,

harassment or any other form of unfair treatment. Directors

and Employees of the Bank, employee representative bodies,

customers, stakeholders, non-governmental organizations

(NGO) and members of the public can lodge complaints /

disclosures under this scheme. A dedicated e-mail ID is

provided for sending complains/disclosures under PDS.

Vigilance Department conducts investigation of all complaints

/information received through the PDS and submits report to

MD & CEO. The details of the complaints and findings are also

Directors’ Report (contd...):

letter DOS. ARG. No. PS-8/08.09.005/2019-20

dated June 04,2020 had granted approval for appointment of

M/s. Varma & Varma, Chartered Accountants and M/s. Borkar

& Muzumdar, Chartered Accountants as Joint Statutory Central

Auditors of the Bank for FY 2020-21 for their first year.

RBI vide circular dated DoS.CO.ARG/SEC.01/08.91.001/2021-

22 dated April 27, 2021 brought in “Guidelines for Appointment

of Statutory Central Auditors (SCAs)/Statutory Auditors”. As per

Para 8.1 of the said circular, in order to protect the independence

of the auditors/audit firms, entities will have to appoint the SCAs/

SAs for a continuous period of three years, subject to the firms

satisfying the eligibility norms each year.

To comply with the requirements of the aforesaid RBI Circular

dated April 27, 2021, the period of appointment of one of the

Joint Statutory Central Auditors of the Bank, M/s Varma and

Varma, Kochi needs to be reduced from four years to three

years. The Board of the Bank at its meeting dated June 11, 2021

recommended to the shareholders of the Bank the revision in

the tenure of appointment of M/s. Varma and Varma, one of

the Joint Statutory Central Auditors of the Bank, as three years

with effect from FY 2020-21. Accordingly the revision of tenure

of M/s. Varma and Varma, one of the Joint Statutory Central

Auditors of the Bank, is placed for the shareholders’ approval in

the ensuing AGM.

Pursuant to the amendment made to Section 139 of the

Companies Act, 2013 by the Companies (Amendment) Act,

2017, effective from May 07, 2018, the requirement of seeking

ratification of the members for the appointment / re-appointment

of the Statutory Auditors has been withdrawn from the Statute.

Hence, the resolution seeking ratification of the members for

re-appointment at the ensuing AGM is not being sought for

the reappointment of M/s. Borkar & Muzumdar, Chartered

Accountants as one of the Joint Statutory Central Auditors of the

Bank.

There is no qualification or adverse remark in Auditors’ Report.

There is no incident of fraud requiring reporting by the Auditors

under Section 143(12) of the Act.

secReTaRial auDiT anD secReTaRial cOMPliance

RePORT

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of The Companies

Act, 2013 your Bank has appointed CS EP Madhusudhanan

(COP: 21874), Partner of SEP & Associates, Company Secretaries,

Kochi as Secretarial Auditor to conduct Secretarial Audit of the

Bank for the FY 2020-21. Accordingly, the Secretarial Audit

Report for FY 2020-21 is annexed to this report as annexure ii.

There are no reservations, adverse remark or disclaimer in the

Secretarial Audit Report.

No offence of fraud was reported by the Secretarial Auditor of the

Bank.

Pursuant to Regulation 24A of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI

Circular No. CIR/CFD/CMD1/27/2019 dated February 08, 2019,

the Bank has obtained Secretarial Compliance Report, certified

by CS Puzhankara Sivakumar (COP: 2210), SEP & Associates,

Company Secretaries, Kochi for Financial Year ended March

31, 2021, on compliance of all applicable SEBI Regulations and

circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder and the copy of the same

was submitted with the Stock Exchanges.

cOMPliance WiTH secReTaRial sTanDaRDs On

BOaRD anD GeneRal MeeTinGs

The Bank has complied with Secretarial standards issued by the

Institute of Company Secretaries of India on Board Meetings and

General Meetings.

Directors’ Report (contd...):

letter and spirit contained in the provisions of “The Sexual

Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition

and Redressal) Act, 2013”, at 9 Zones and Head Office to prevent

and redress the complaints relating to sexual harassment and

to organize workshops/ awareness programs to empower

women employees while handling cases relating to sexual

harassment. Workshops/ awareness programs regarding women

empowerment were conducted at various locations pan India. The

data with regard to the redressal of complaints by the Internal

Complaints Committee are as follows:

No. of complaints received for the year

FY-2020-21

1

No. of complaints disposed of during

FY -2020-21

1

No. of cases pending for more than 90 days

Nil

No. of workshops/ awareness program

against sexual harassment carried out

2

Nature of action taken by the employer/

District Officer

Appropriate

action taken

Directors’ Report (contd...):

Managing Director

& CEO of the Bank. The Bank has various types of audit which

inter-alia include Risk Based Internal Audit, Information System

Audit, Concurrent Audit, Gold Loan Audit and Management Audit.

Branches are risk rated and the frequency of Risk Based Internal

Audit is decided based on Risk – Audit Matrix defined in Audit

and Inspection Policy. Significant Audit findings and observations

are presented to Inspection Review Committee of Executives

and a report on the meetings of Inspection Review Committee

of Executives along with significant audit findings, directions /

suggestions of the Committee and action taken in such cases

are placed to the Audit Committee of the Board for review

periodically. Other findings are placed before a department level

committee called the ‘Inspection Department Review Committee’

for review and its observations are placed before Inspection

Review Committee of Executives.

As per the requirement of Companies Act, 2013, Bank has

formulated Internal Financial Controls framework. Risk and

Controls associated with each process in the Bank are documented

under the Internal Financial Controls Framework. Inspection and

Audit Department plays a significant role in testing the control

effectiveness for each process under the framework.

The Internal Audit function provides independent assurance

to the Board of Directors and Senior Management on the

quality and effectiveness of the bank’s internal control, risk

management and governance systems and processes, thereby

helping the Board and Senior Management protect the bank and

its reputation.

POlicY On BOaRD DiVeRsiTY

Policy on Board Diversity of the Bank mainly depends on the

qualifications for appointment of Directors of the Bank as

contained in the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and satisfying

the Fit and Proper Criteria for directors as per the regulatory

requirement of RBI.

The Bank continuously seeks to enhance the effectiveness of

its Board and to maintain the highest standards of corporate

governance and recognizes and embraces the benefits of diversity

in the boardroom. Diversity is ensured through consideration of a

number of factors, including but not limited to skills, regional and

industry experience, background and other qualities. In forming its

perspective on diversity, the Bank also take into account factors

based on its own business model and specific needs from time

to time.

Board Diversity enhances the quality of performance of the

Board; ushers in independence in the performance of the Board;

eradicates the gender bias in the Board; achieves sustainable

and balanced performance and development; supports the

attainment of strategic objectives & also ensures compliance of

applicable law/s and good corporate practices.

Directors’ Report (contd...):

Managing Director & ceO, Whole Time

Directors and Material Risk Takers (MRTs)

The compensation paid out to the referred functionaries is divided

into two components:

The fixed compensation is determined based on the relevant

factors such as industry standards, the exposure, skill sets, talent

and qualification attained by the official over his/her career span

and adherence to statutory requirements. All the fixed items of

compensation, including the perquisites, will be treated as part

of fixed pay. Perquisites that are reimbursable would also be

included in the fixed pay so long as there are monetary ceilings on

these reimbursements. Contributions towards superannuation/

retiral benefits will also be treated as part of fixed pay. (Approval

from RBI to be taken as per section 35B of the Banking Regulation

Act while deciding the fixed and variable compensation part for: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, Whole Time Directors and Material

Risk Takers (MRTs): In order to have a proper balance between

fixed pay and variable pay, at least 50% of the total compensation

would be variable. Deferral arrangements would invariably exist

for the variable pay, regardless of the quantum of pay. For such

executives of the bank, a minimum of 60% of the total variable

pay must invariably be under deferral arrangements. Further,

if cash component is part of variable pay, at least 50% of the

cash bonus would also be deferred. However, in cases where

the cash component of variable pay is under ` 25 lakh, deferral

requirements would not be necessary. The deferral period would

be minimum of three years.

Risk Control and Compliance Staff: At least 25% of the total

compensation would be variable and the total variable pay will

be limited to a maximum of 100% of the fixed pay (for the relative

performance measurement period). Deferral arrangements would

invariably exist for the variable pay, if the Variable Pay exceeds

75% of the fixed pay. In such cases a minimum of 60% of the total

variable pay must invariably be under deferral arrangements.

Further, if cash component is part of variable pay, at least 50% of

the cash bonus would also be deferred. However, in cases where

the cash component of variable pay is under ` 25 lakh, deferral

requirements would not be necessary.

Other categories of Staff: The variable pay would be in the form

of cash, share-linked instruments, or a mix of both cash and

share-linked instruments. The total variable pay will be limited to

a maximum of 300% of the fixed pay (for the relative performance

measurement period). Deferral arrangements would invariably

exist for the variable pay, if the Variable Pay exceeds 200% of the

fixed pay. In such cases a minimum of 60% of the total variable

pay must invariably be under deferral arrangements. Further,

if cash component is part of variable pay, at least 50% of the

cash bonus would also be deferred. However, in cases where

the cash component of variable pay is under ` 25 lakh, deferral

requirements would not be necessary.

severance Pay and Guaranteed Bonus

Severance pay (other than gratuity or terminal entitlements or as

entitled by statute) is not paid to any official of the Bank.

Guaranteed Bonus on joining in the form of Cash/equities/

deposits/ bonds/debentures etc. or multiyear guaranteed bonus

(like retainer fees) is not paid to any official in the organization.

However, to attract talent, sign on bonus or joining bonus can be

paid, but this will be limited to the first year only and it will be

given as Employee Stock Options only

Hedging

No compensation scheme or insurance facility would be provided

by the Bank to employees to hedge their compensation structure

to offset the risk alignment mechanism (deferral pay and claw back

arrangements) embedded in their compensation arrangement.

Compliance arrangements are in place to ensure that employees

do not insure or hedge their compensation structure.

Malus / claw back arrangement

The variable compensation is covered under Malus / Claw back

arrangements in case of all categories of employees. In the event

of subdued or negative contributions of the bank and/or the

relevant line of business in any year, the deferred compensation

will be subjected to:

•

Malus arrangement wherein Bank shall withhold vesting of

all or part of the amount of deferred remuneration.

•

Claw back arrangement wherein the employees shall be

liable to return previously paid or vested remuneration to

the bank. The deferred compensation, if any, paid to such

functionaries shall be subject to Claw back arrangements,

which will entail the Bank to recover proportionate amount

of variable compensation from such functionaries, on

account of an act or decision taken by the official which

has brought forth a negative contribution to the Bank at a

prospective stage.

The malus and claw back provisions would cover the deferral and

retention periods. If an Official covered under these provisions

is responsible for any act or omission or non-compliance of

regulatory guidelines resulting in a penalty being imposed by

any Regulators or engages in a detrimental conduct, the Bank

would be entailed to recover proportionate amount of variable

compensation from such functionaries within 48 months from

the date of payment/vesting of variable compensation. The Bank

has put in place appropriate modalities, performance thresholds

and detailed framework to cover the trigger points with or

invoking malus/claw back, taking into account relevant statutory

and regulatory stipulations, as applicable.

Directors’ Report (contd...):

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

3

3

4

Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria

Executive Director

3

3

5

Ms. Shalini Warrier

Executive Director

3

3

3.

Provide the web-link where composition of csR committee, csR Policy and csR projects approved by the Board are disclosed

on the website of the company

Composition of the CSR committee shared above and is disclosed in the Policy on Corporate Social Responsibility 2020-21. The

web-link to access the CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects is given below.

CSR Policy: https://www.federalbank.co.in/documents/10180/45777/Corporate+Social+Responsibility++Policy.pdf/2d979fe6-

8723-4210-a2ff-136784690413?t=1619168140250

CSR Projects: https://www.federalbank.co.in/corporate-social-responsibility

4.

Provide the details of impact assessment of csR projects carried out in pursuance of sub rule (3) of rule8 of the

companies(corporate social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach Report)

There are no projects undertaken or completed after January 22, 2021, for which the impact assessment report is applicable in

FY 2021.

annexure to Directors’ Report:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer)

Sd/-

shri.K Balakrishnan

( Chairman CSR Committee)

annexure to Directors’ Report (contd...):

letter.

1.

The compliance of the provisions of all laws, rules, regulations, standards applicable to The Federal Bank Limited (hereinafter called

the “Bank”) is the responsibility of management of the Bank. Our examination was limited to the verification of the records and

procedures on test check basis for the purpose of issue of the Secretarial Audit Report.

2.

Maintenance of the Secretarial and records of applicable laws is the responsibility of the management of the Bank. Our responsibility

as Secretarial Auditors is to issue Secretarial Audit Report, based on the audit of the relevant record maintained and furnished to us

by the Bank, along with explanations where so required.

3.

During the audit, we have followed the practices and process as were appropriate, to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial and other records, legal compliance mechanism and corporate conduct. We believe

that the process and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our Secretarial Audit Report.

4.

The correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Bank have not been verified.

5.

We have obtained the Management representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events

etc., wherever required. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Bank nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management as conducted the affairs of the Bank.

6.

While forming an opinion on compliance and issuing the Secretarial Audit Report, we have also taken into consideration the

compliance related actions taken by the Bank after March 31, 2021 but before issue of the Report.

7.

We have considered actions carried out by the Bank based on independent legal/professional opinion as being in compliance with

law, wherever there was scope for multiple interpretations.

For seP & associates

uDin: F010085c000471876

Company Secretaries

(ICSI Unique Code: P2019KE075600)

cs eP Madhusudhanan

Partner

COP No. 21874, FCS: F10085

Place: Kochi

Date: June 16, 2021

annexure to Directors’ Report (contd...):

letter DoR.Appt.No 87/08.38.001/2020-21 dated July 16, 2020 approved the revised compensation in respect of Mr. Shyam

Srinivasan, MD & CEO for the period from September 23, 2020 to September 22, 2021. However, MD & CEO has relinquished the revised

benefits till December 31, 2020 on account of current stressful environment of the pandemic and the revised compensation was paid

to him from January 01, 2021 only.

Note: All confirmed employees as on March 31, 2021 have been considered.

annexure to Directors’ Report (contd...):

letter of

credit, stand by: letter of credit (SBLC), guarantees etc., including

various structured products are also extended by your Bank.

fEDErAl bAnk – ifSc bAnkinG unit (ibu)

Your Bank opened its IFSC Banking Unit (IBU) at India’s first

International Financial Service Center (IFSC) located at GIFT City

(Gandhinagar, Gujarat) in November 2015. IFSC in GIFT City is

conceptualized and designed at par with other global financial

centers operating in various parts of the world viz. Hong Kong,

Dubai, Singapore etc. The branch is like an overseas branch

situated in an overseas jurisdiction, enabling your Bank to

explore International business opportunities. IBU is regulated by

International Financial Services Centers Authority (IFSCA) with

effect from October 01, 2020, who is the uniform regulator for all

financial institutions, including Banks in the IFSC.

Various products offered and activities handled from the Federal

Bank IBU are:

•

Credit facilities to Wholly Owned Subsidiaries (WOS))/Joint

Ventures (JV) of Indian companies registered abroad

•

Credit facilities to overseas companies

•

Retail Lending to Qualified Individuals

•

External Commercial Borrowings (ECB)

•

Trade Finance Products

•

Non-fund based facilities (Standby Letter of Credit/Bank

Guarantee etc.)

•

Acceptance of foreign currency deposits

•

Treasury operations

With the opening of IBU, your Bank caters to both domestic and

international clients for their various funded and non-funded

investment requirements at multiple jurisdictions. IBU boosts the

balance sheet of your Bank by empowering it to extend various

foreign currency loans to eligible entities as well as qualified

Managing Director & CEO. An executive

level committee named the “Inspection Review Committee of

Executives” headed by the: Managing

Managing Director

& Chief Executive Officer of the Bank was re-appointed

as: Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the

Bank for a period of one year effective from September 23,

2020 with the approval of RBI vide its letter DoR. Appt.No

87/08.38.001/2020-21 dated July 16, 2020.

Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria (DIN: 05154975), Executive Director

and Chief Financial Officer was re-appointed as the

Executive Director of the Bank effective from April 01, 2021

to April 30,2022 with the approval of RBI vide its letter DOR.

GCA- CB.No. 2145/08.38.001/2020-21 dated January 01,

2021.

The Shareholders approved the re-appointment of

Mr. Shyam Srinivasan as Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer of the Bank and Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria as

an Executive Director of the Bank in the 89th AGM held on

July 16, 2020.

B.

Number of Board Meetings

During the Financial Year 2020-21, the Board of Directors

met fifteen times on April 20, 2020, May 28, 2020, June

09, 2020, June 19, 2020, July 08, 2020, July 15, 2020,

September 08, 2020, September 24, 2020, October 16,

2020, November 30, 2020, December 19, 2020, January

20, 2021, February 16, 2021, March 17, 2021 and March

25, 2021. The maximum gap between any two consecutive

meetings was less than one hundred and twenty days, as

stipulated under the Companies Act, 2013, Regulation 17

of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standards. In case of

any exigency/ emergency, resolutions are also passed by

circulation.

C.

Details of Directors Attendance, shareholding and other

Directorships/ Committee memberships

Necessary quorum was present in all the Board meetings.

Further, as mandated by Regulation 26 of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,

none of the Directors is a member of more than ten Board

level Committees (considering memberships in only Audit

Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee) or

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer, was paid ` 2,31,11,470.00 (gross),

Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria, Executive Director and Chief Financial:

letter DoR.Appt.No 87/08.38.001/2020-21

dated July 16, 2020 approved the revised compensation

in respect of Mr. Shyam Srinivasan, MD & CEO for

the period from September 23, 2020 to September

22, 2021. However, MD & CEO has relinquished the

revised benefits till December 31, 2020 on account of

current stressful environment of the pandemic and the

revised compensation was paid to him from January

01, 2021 only.

G.

Independent Directors

The Independent Directors have confirmed that they meet

the criteria of independence laid down under the Companies

Act, 2013 and Regulation 16 (1) (b) of SEBI (Listing

Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 and that they are not aware of any circumstance or

situation, which exist or may be reasonably anticipated, that

could impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties

with an objective Independent judgment and without any

external influence.

The Board of Directors have taken on record the declaration

and confirmation submitted by the Independent Directors after

undertaking due assessment of the veracity of the same.

The Board further confirms that no persons were appointed

or continues as an alternate director for independent

director/s of the Bank.

The present tenure of Independent Directors of the Bank is

subject to Regulation 10 A of the Banking Regulation Act,

1949 and also subject to the tenure fixed for appointment

of all the Independent Directors of the Bank by the

shareholders/Board.

H.

Terms and conditions of appointment of Independent

Directors

At the time of appointment of Independent Directors a

formal: letter is being issued by the Bank to the appointee

Director specifying the terms and conditions of his/her

appointment. The terms and conditions of appointment of

Independent Directors have been disclosed on the website

of the Bank, www.federalbank.co.in

I.

Separate Meeting of Independent Directors

All the Independent Directors attended the meeting. In

accordance with SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, following matters were,

alia, reviewed and discussed in the meeting:

a.

Performance of the Board of Directors as a whole.

b.

Performance of the

letter and the management’s

response, and

iv.

Any concerns of the auditors with respect to

the said systems and procedures, the financial

statements, any aspect of compliance, or any

other matter arising from or related to the audit.

15. Discuss with the management the auditors’ report

and assessment, their qualifications and concerns, if

any, and the management’s response to the auditors’

management: letter and long-form audit report.

16. Review with the management, and if necessary with

the external auditors, any inspection or other report of

RBI on the Bank or other communication from RBI on

the audit, internal controls, financial reporting, or other

aspects of the Bank falling within the remit of the

Committee, and the management’s response thereto;

17. To review and oversight the functioning of the Whistle

Blower mechanism.

18. Approval of appointment of Chief Financial Officer (i.e.,

the whole-time Finance

Managing Director/Whole time Director/Manager (including

Chief Executive Officer/Manager, in case they are not part of the

board) and shall specifically include Company Secretary and Chief

Financial Officer

16. Supervisory and annual review of the Compensation

Policy

The Bank is having a compensation policy formulated

in accordance with the RBI guidelines and Companies

Act, 2013 which has been approved by the Board.

C.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Composition and Meetings

As on March 31, 2021, Stakeholders Relationship

Committee consists of members as stated below. The

composition of the Committee is in conformity with the

regulatory requirements.

During the financial year 2020-21, the Committee met One

(01) time on March 24, 2021

The details of the attendance of the members are as under:

Name of the

Member

Category

Status

No. of Meetings

Held

Attended

Mr. A P Hota

Independent

Director

Chairman

01

01

Mr. C Balagopal

Independent

Director

Member

01

01

Mr. Shyam

Srinivasan

Executive

Director

Member

01

01

Mr. Ashutosh

Khajuria

Executive

Director

Member

01

01

During the financial year 2020-21, no re-constitution of the

Committee took place.

Mr. Samir P Rajdev, VP & Company Secretary acts as the

Compliance Officer.

Mr. A P Hota was present at the 89th Annual General

Meeting of the Bank to answer shareholders queries.

Terms of Reference/ Roles and Responsibilities of the

Committee are:

The Committee ensures cordial investor relations, oversees

the mechanism for redressal of investors’ grievances

and specifically looks into various aspects of interest of

shareholders. The Committee looks into the following

functions.

1.

Resolve, where necessary, complaints received

from shareholders or others regarding transfer/

transmission of shares, non-receipt of declared

dividends, non-receipt of annual accounts or

reports, or other matters relating to shareholding in

the Bank, and any action taken by the Bank on such

complaints;

2.

Initiate such (further) action on the complaints as is

considered necessary or desirable by way of redressal

or to prevent similar complaints arising in the future;

and

3.

Approve or reject applications for transfer/transmission

of shares referred to the Committee by the Bank’s

Registrar and Share Transfer Agent in terms of such

criteria as may be determined by the Committee and

conveyed to the Agent.:

Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer (MD & CEO), Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria, Executive

Director and Mr. K Balakrishnan, Independent Director of

the Bank are Non-Executive Directors in Fedbank Financial

Services Limited. Mr K. Balakrishnan holds the position of

Chairman in Fedbank Financial Services Limited.

•

Mr. C Balagopal, Independent Director and Ms. Shalini

Warrier, Executive Director of the Bank are Non-Executive

Directors in Federal Operations and Services Ltd . Mr. C

Balagopal holds the position of Chairman in FedServ.

•

Mr. Shyam Srinivasan, MD & CEO and Ms. Shalini Warrier, ED

of the Bank, are Non-Executive Directors in Ageas Federal

Life Insurance Company Limited.

The Bank monitors performance of its subsidiary Companies,

inter-alia, by the following means:

•

The Audit Committee reviews financial statements of the

subsidiary Companies, along with investments made by them.

•

The Board of Directors reviews the Board Meeting

minutes and statements of all significant transactions and

arrangements, if any, of subsidiary Companies.

The Bank does not have a listed subsidiary.

GENERAL BODY MEETINGS

A.

Details of the last three general body meetings, Special

Resolutions taken up in those meetings and passed with

requisite majority are mentioned hereunder:

Name of Meeting - 87th Annual General Meeting

Day, Date and Time of Meeting - Friday, 10 August 2018

at 10.00 AM

Venue - Mahatma Gandhi Municipal Town Hall, Aluva

Special Resolution

Approval for raising of funds through Issuance of Bonds

for FY 2018-19.

Approval for increase of the Borrowing power of the Bank

by ` 12000 Crore over and above the Paid up Capital ,

free reserves including securities premium of the Bank

pursuant to section 180 (1) (c ) of the Companies Act, 2013.

Name of Meeting - 88th Annual General Meeting

Day, Date and Time of Meeting - Thursday, July 25, 2019

at 10.00 AM

Venue - Mahatma Gandhi Municipal Town Hall, Aluva

Special Resolution

To re-appoint Mr. C. Balagopal (DIN: 00430938) as an

Independent Director for the second term.

Approval for Raising of Funds through Issuance of Bonds

for FY 2019-20.

Name of Meeting - 89th Annual General Meeting

Day, Date and Time of Meeting - Thursday, July 16, 2020

at 11.00 AM

Venue – Through Video Conferencing/Other Audio Visual

Means(“OAVM”)

Special Resolution

Approval for Raising of Funds through Issuance of Bonds

for FY 2020-21

Raising of Tier I Capital of the Bank through Issuance of

Securities

Alteration of Object Clauses of Memorandum of

Association

During the year, all recommendations of the Board of

Directors were accepted by the Shareholders of the Bank in

respect of special businesses mentioned in the 89th Annual

General Meeting notice.:

Managing Director & CEO of the

Bank. The Bank has various types of audit which inter-alia

include Risk Based Internal Audit, Information System Audit,

Concurrent Audit, Gold Loan Audit and Management Audit.

Branches are risk rated and the frequency of Risk Based

Internal Audit is decided based on Risk – Audit Matrix defined

in Audit and Inspection Policy. Significant Audit findings

and observations are presented to Inspection Review

Committee of Executives and a report on the meetings of

Inspection Review Committee of Executives along with

significant audit findings, directions / suggestions of the

Committee and action taken in such cases are placed to the

Audit Committee of the Board for review periodically. Other

findings are placed before a department level committee

called the ‘Inspection Department Review Committee’ for

review and its observations are placed before Inspection

Review Committee of Executives.

As per the requirement of Companies Act, 2013, Bank has

formulated Internal Financial Controls framework. Risk

and Controls associated with each process in the Bank

are documented under the Internal Financial Controls

Framework. Inspection and Audit Department plays a

significant role in testing the control effectiveness for each

process under the framework.

The Internal Audit function provides independent assurance

to the Board of Directors and Senior Management on the

quality and effectiveness of the bank’s internal control,

risk management and governance systems and processes,

thereby helping the Board and Senior Management protect

the bank and its reputation.:

Managing Director & CEO of the Bank as on

March 31, 2021.

C.

Reporting of Internal Auditor

The Internal Auditors of the Bank report directly to the: Managing

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer of The Bank

Declaration on Code of Conduct

In compliance with the requirements of the Regulation 26(3) of

Listing Regulations, 2015 this is to confirm that all the Board

Members and the Senior Management Personnel have affirmed

compliance with the Code of Conduct for the financial year

ended 2020-21.

Place : Aluva

Shyam Srinivasan

Date : June 16, 2021: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 06765216)

(DIN: 02274773)

As per our report of even date

Directors:

For Varma & Varma

For Borkar & Muzumdar

C Balagopal

(DIN: 00430938)

Chartered Accountants

Chartered Accountants

A P Hota

(DIN: 02593219)

Firm’s Registration No:

Firm’s Registration No:

K Balakrishnan

(DIN: 00034031)

004532S

101569W

Siddhartha Sengupta

(DIN: 08467648)

Manoj Fadnis

(DIN: 01087055)

R Rajasekharan

Devang Vaghani

Sudarshan Sen

(DIN: 03570051)

Partner

Partner

Varsha Vasant Purandare

(DIN: 05288076)

Membership No: 22703

Membership No: 109386

Place: Kochi

Place: Mumbai

Place: Kochi

Date : May 17, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 06765216)

(DIN: 02274773)

As per our report of even date

Directors:

For Varma & Varma

For Borkar & Muzumdar

C Balagopal

(DIN: 00430938)

Chartered Accountants

Chartered Accountants

A P Hota

(DIN: 02593219)

Firm’s Registration No:

Firm’s Registration No:

K Balakrishnan

(DIN: 00034031)

004532S

101569W

Siddhartha Sengupta

(DIN: 08467648)

Manoj Fadnis

(DIN: 01087055)

R Rajasekharan

Devang Vaghani

Sudarshan Sen

(DIN: 03570051)

Partner

Partner

Varsha Vasant Purandare

(DIN: 05288076)

Membership No: 22703

Membership No: 109386

Place: Kochi

Place: Mumbai

Place: Kochi

Date : May 17, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 06765216)

(DIN: 02274773)

As per our report of even date

Directors:

For Varma & Varma

For Borkar & Muzumdar

C Balagopal

(DIN: 00430938)

Chartered Accountants

Chartered Accountants

A P Hota

(DIN: 02593219)

Firm’s Registration No:

Firm’s Registration No:

K Balakrishnan

(DIN: 00034031)

004532S

101569W

Siddhartha Sengupta

(DIN: 08467648)

Manoj Fadnis

(DIN: 01087055)

R Rajasekharan

Devang Vaghani

Sudarshan Sen

(DIN: 03570051)

Partner

Partner

Varsha Vasant Purandare

(DIN: 05288076)

Membership No: 22703

Membership No: 109386

Place: Kochi

Place: Mumbai

Place: Kochi

Date : May 17, 2021:

Letter of Credit issued by banks

(Advances are net of provisions)

Schedules Forming Part of The Balance Sheet (Contd...):

letter of

credit and annual locker rent fees are recognised on a

straight-line basis over the period of contract. Other

fees and commission income are recognised when

due, except in cases where the bank is uncertain of

ultimate collection.

•

Dividend on Equity Shares, Preference Shares and on

Mutual Funds is recognised as Income when the right

to receive the dividend is established.

•

Loan Syndication fee is accounted for on completion

of the agreed service and when right to receive is

established.

•

In compromise settlement cases, sacrifice on

settlement is accounted upfront.

•

Unpaid funded interest on term loans are accounted

on realisation as per the guidelines of RBI.

•

The difference between the sale price and purchase

cost of gold coins, received on consignment basis is

included in other income. The Bank also deals in bullion

on a borrowing and lending basis and the interest paid/

received is accounted on an accrual basis.

4.9 Fixed assets and depreciation

Fixed assets are carried at cost of acquisition less

accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. Cost

includes cost of purchase and all expenditure like freight,

duties, taxes and incidental expenses related to the

acquisition and installation of the asset. Taxes like GST paid

on Fixed assets wherever eligible are availed as ITC as per

GST rules. Subsequent expenditure incurred on assets put to

use is capitalised only when it increases the future economic

benefit / functioning capability from / of such assets.

Capital work-in-progress includes cost of fixed assets that

are not ready for their intended use and includes advances

paid to acquire fixed assets.

Depreciation on fixed assets, including amortisation of

software, is charged over the estimated useful life of fixed

assets on straight-line basis, except as mentioned below.

•

Premises are depreciated under the written down

value method, using the same useful life as in Schedule

II of the Companies Act, 2013. Improvements to leased

Premises are depreciated over lower of lease term or 5

years based on technical evaluation.

•

Depreciation on premises revalued has been charged

on their written-down value including the addition

made on revaluation.

•

Assets individually costing ` 2,000/- or less are fully

depreciated in the year of purchase.

The management believes that the useful life of assets

assessed by the Bank, pursuant to Schedule II to the

Companies Act, 2013, taking into account changes in

environment, changes in technology, the utility and efficacy

of the asset in use, fairly reflects its estimate of useful lives

of the fixed assets. The estimated useful lives of key fixed

assets are given below:

Asset

Estimated useful

life as assessed by

the Bank

Leasehold Land

Over the lease period

Owned premises

60 Years

Motor Vehicles

8 Years

Computer hardware

3 Years

Modem, scanner, routers, switches

etc.

3 Years

ATM / CDM / Recyclers etc.

5 Years

Electric equipment and installations

10 Years

Furniture and fixtures

10 Years

Software / Firewall etc.

3 / 5 Years

Servers/Network Equipment

6 Years

Currency Sorting Machines

5 Years

Office equipments

5 Years

Depreciation on assets sold during the year is recognised

on a pro-rata basis till the date of sale. Gain or losses

arising from the retirement or disposal of Fixed Assets are

SCHEDuLE 17: SIGNIFICANT ACCOuNTING POLICIES APPENDED TO AND FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2021 (CONTD...):

letter EFD. CO. SO. 124 / 02.02.003 / 2019-20 dated August 05, 2019.:

Managing Director & CEO

• Mr. T S Srinivasan

• Ms. Kamala Srinivasan

• Ms. Maya Shyam

• Ms. Meena Lochani

• Ms. Rohini

Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria, Executive Director & CFO

• Ms. Sunita Khajuria

• Ms. Vasundhara Khajuria

• Ms. Yashodhara Khajuria

Ms. Shalini Warrier, Executive Director & COO

• Ms. Parvathi Warrier

• Ms. Asha Warrier

b)

Transactions with related parties

For the year ended March 31, 2021:

(` in Crore)

Items/Related Party

Subsidiaries

Associates

Key

Management

Personnel

Relatives of

KMP

Total

Deposits#

391.83

(394.44)

17.17

(40.27)

3.60

(3.99)

1.41

(1.41)

414.01

(440.11)

Advances#

781.08

(1,053.05)

5.39

(28.78)

0.25

(0.28)

-

-

786.72

(1,082.11)

Investments in Shares#

317.81

(317.81)

229.60

(229.60)

-

-

-

-

547.41

(547.41)

Other Investments (NCD,PTC held

through trust etc)

257.89

(270.39)

-

-

-

-

-

-

257.89

(270.39):

Letter of Comfort

The Bank has not issued any letters of comfort (LoC) on behalf of its subsidiaries during the year ended March 31, 2021 and March

31, 2020.

3.6. Provision coverage ratio

The Provision coverage ratio of the bank as on March 31, 2021, computed in terms of the RBI Guidelines was 77.65 % (Previous

Year 72.48 %).

3.7. Bancassurance Business

Details of income earned from bancassurance business:

(` in Crore)

Sr.

No.

Nature of Income *

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

1

For selling life insurance policies

46.95

43.94

2

For selling non-life insurance policies

19.65

22.72

3

For selling mutual fund products

6.02

2.09

4

Others#

9.54

6.56

Total

82.16

75.31

* - includes receipts on account of marketing activities undertaken on behalf of Bancassurance partners.

# -includes income on DP/Trading/PIS:

Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer and Material Risk Takers is fixed based on organizational performance (both business-unit and firm-wide) and

KPAs set for the official. The organization’s performance is charted based on Performance Scorecard which takes into

account various financial indicators like revenue earned, cost deployed, profit earned, NPA position and other intangible

factors like leadership and employee development. The Score Card provides a mix of Financial and Non-Financial,

Quantitative and Qualitative Metrics. Additionally, serious supervisory observations (if any) are also factored. The

variable pay is paid in the form of share-linked instruments, or a mix of cash and share-linked instruments.

Risk, Control and Compliance Staff: Members of staff engaged in financial and risk control, including internal audit, are

compensated in a manner that is independent of the business areas they oversee and commensurate with their key role in

the bank. The total fixed and variable compensation paid out to the employees in the Risk Control and Compliance Function

is decided independent of business parameters. The mix of fixed and variable compensation for control function personnel is

weighted in favour of fixed compensation, to ensure autonomy and independence from business goals.

Grander Compensation Package to Executives in Level IV and above: The Compensation package applicable to Executives in

Level IV and above are governed under the provisions of Grander Compensation Package, a performance linked pay structure

implemented in the Bank with effect from May 01, 2017. Annual Increment under the “Grander Compensation Package” will

depend on the annual performance rating of the Executive concerned.

Compensation paid to Employees on IBA Package: The compensation paid to Award Staff and Officers coming under Scale

I to III is fixed based on the periodic industry level settlements with Indian Banks’ Association. The present scale of pay and

other service conditions applicable to employees, whose compensation package is governed under IBA package is as per

provisions of 11th Bipartite Settlement/ Joint note dated November 11, 2020.:

Managing Director & CEO

15.96

21.60

•

Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria, Executive Director & CFO

7.56

10.99

•

Ms. Shalini Warrier, Executive Director & COO

6.97

9.60

3.14 Securitisation Transactions

The Bank has not done any securitisation transactions during the year ended March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020.

3.15 Details of Intra-Group Exposure

(` in Crore)

Sr.

No.

Particulars

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

1

Total amount of intra-group exposures*

947.34

1,108.96

2

Total amount of top-20 intra group exposures*

947.34

1,108.96

3

Percentage of intra group exposures to total exposure of the bank to borrowers/

customers *(%)

0.52%

0.69%

4

Details of breach of limits on intra-group exposures and regulatory action thereon,

if any

NIL

NIL

* Exposure is computed as per the definition of Credit and Investment Exposure in RBI Master Circular on Exposure Norms DBR. No. Dir.BC.12/13.03.00/

2015-16 dated July1, 2015.

3.16 Transfers to Depositor Education and Awareness (DEA) Fund

In accordance with the guidelines issued by the RBI, the Bank transfers the amount to the credit of any account which has not been

operated upon for a period of ten years or any deposit or any amount remaining unclaimed for more than ten years to the DEA

Fund. Details of amounts transferred to DEA Fund are set out below:

(` in Crore)

Particulars

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Opening balance of amounts transferred to DEA Fund

177.37

114.56

Add: Amounts transferred to DEA Fund during the year

38.14

67.25

Less: Amounts reimbursed by DEA Fund towards claims

3.48

4.44

Closing balance of amounts transferred to DEA Fund

212.03

177.37

3.17 unhedged Foreign Currency Exposure

The Bank has in place a policy on managing credit risk arising out of unhedged foreign currency exposures of its borrowers. The

objective of this policy is to maximize the hedging on foreign currency exposures of borrowers by reviewing their foreign currency

exposures and encouraging them to hedge the unhedged portion. The policy framework also articulates the methodologies for

ascertaining the amount of unhedged foreign currency exposures, estimating the extent of likely loss, estimating the riskiness of

the unhedged position and making appropriate provisions and capital charge as per extant RBI guidelines. In line with the policy,

assessment of unhedged foreign currency exposure is a part of credit appraisal while proposing limits or at the review stage.

Further, the bank reviews the unhedged foreign currency exposure across its portfolio on a periodic basis. The Bank maintains

incremental provisions and additional capital for the unhedged foreign currency exposures of its borrowers in line with the extant

RBI guidelines. The Bank has maintained ` 15.90 Crore (Previous year ` 5.96 Crore) as provision and ` 21.06 Crore (Previous year `

4.20 Crore) as additional capital for computation of capital adequacy ratio on account of the unhedged foreign currency exposures

of borrowers as at March 31, 2021.:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 06765216)

(DIN: 02274773)

As per our report of even date

Directors:

For Varma & Varma

For Borkar & Muzumdar

C Balagopal

(DIN: 00430938)

Chartered Accountants

Chartered Accountants

A P Hota

(DIN: 02593219)

Firm’s Registration No:

Firm’s Registration No:

K Balakrishnan

(DIN: 00034031)

004532S

101569W

Siddhartha Sengupta

(DIN: 08467648)

Manoj Fadnis

(DIN: 01087055)

R Rajasekharan

Devang Vaghani

Sudarshan Sen

(DIN: 03570051)

Partner

Partner

Varsha Vasant Purandare

(DIN: 05288076)

Membership No: 22703

Membership No: 109386

Place: Kochi

Place: Mumbai

Place: Kochi

Date : May 17, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO. Senior executives from respective functional areas and risk management are members of the Committee. The

Committees meet regularly to take stock of various facets of risk management function and place their reports to Risk Management

Committee of the Board. ALCO meets at least once in a month and ISC meets at least once in a quarter. Depending on requirement, ALCO

meets at shorter frequencies. CRMC and ORMC meet at least once in a quarter subject to minimum of six meetings in a year while the

ISC meets at least once every quarter.

The major risks addressed are Credit risk, Market risk, Operational Risk, Residual credit Risk, Concentration Risk, Interest Rate Risk,

Liquidity Risk, Strategic Risk, Reputation Risk, Human Resources Risk, Pension Obligation Risk, IT & Cyber Security Risk, Compliance

Risk, and Settlement Risk.:

Managing Director & CEO.

Organization Structure:

Board of Directors

Risk Management

Committee (RMC)

Credit Risk Management

Committee (CRMC)

Market Risk

Management Committee

(MRMC/ALCO)

Operational Risk

Management

Committee (ORMC)

Information Security

Committee (ISC)

Integrated Risk Management Department

Audit Committee of Board

(ACB)

RISK ExPOSuRE AND ASSESSMENT

1.

Credit risk

Strategies and processes:

The Bank is exposed to credit risk in its lending operations. The Bank’s strategies to manage the credit risks are given below:

a)

Defined segment exposures delineated into Business Banking, Commercial Banking, Corporate, Retail and Agri advances.

b)

Industry wise segment ceilings on aggregate lending in respect of certain industries, ceilings have been fixed for specific

geographies with a view to contain Concentration risk.

c)

Individual borrower wise and borrower group wise lending ceilings linked as a percentage to the Bank’s eligible capital base as

at the end of the previous year.

d)

Borrowers are subjected to credit rating and loans are granted only to those borrowers falling within defined thresholds of

risk levels; the approach also includes diversification of borrowers within defined thresholds of risk levels.

e)

Major business of the Bank is within India. However, bank has an IFSC branch located in GIFT City, Gujarat. In respect of cross

border trade which would involve exposures to banks and financial institutions located outside India, there is a geographic cap

on exposures apart from cap on individual bank / institution. Bank has also fixed ceiling for its foreign currency exposures.

f)

Bank has adopted a well-defined approach for sourcing and underwriting loan proposals. Proper due diligence is carried out

while sourcing fresh credit limits.

g)

Credit sanctioning powers are granted as per Credit Delegation Policy based upon the amount and riskiness of the exposure.

h)

Regular review of all credit policies including exposure ceilings are carried out with due approval of Bank’s Board of Directors.

i)

Credit hub system is put in place to enhance quality of credit appraisal and underwriting process.:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 06765216)

(DIN: 02274773)

As per our report of even date

Directors:

For Varma & Varma

For Borkar & Muzumdar

C Balagopal

(DIN: 00430938)

Chartered Accountants

Chartered Accountants

A P Hota

(DIN: 02593219)

Firm’s Registration No:

Firm’s Registration No:

K Balakrishnan

(DIN: 00034031)

004532S

101569W

Siddhartha Sengupta

(DIN: 08467648)

Manoj Fadnis

(DIN: 01087055)

R Rajasekharan

Devang Vaghani

Sudarshan Sen

(DIN: 03570051)

Partner

Partner

Varsha Vasant Purandare

(DIN: 05288076)

Membership No: 22703

Membership No: 109386

Place: Kochi

Place: Mumbai

Place: Kochi

Date : May 17, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 06765216)

(DIN: 02274773)

As per our report of even date

Directors:

For Varma & Varma

For Borkar & Muzumdar

C Balagopal

(DIN: 00430938)

Chartered Accountants

Chartered Accountants

A P Hota

(DIN: 02593219)

Firm’s Registration No:

Firm’s Registration No:

K Balakrishnan

(DIN: 00034031)

004532S

101569W

Siddhartha Sengupta

(DIN: 08467648)

Manoj Fadnis

(DIN: 01087055)

R Rajasekharan

Devang Vaghani

Sudarshan Sen

(DIN: 03570051)

Partner

Partner

Varsha Vasant Purandare

(DIN: 05288076)

Membership No: 22703

Membership No: 109386

Place: Kochi

Place: Mumbai

Place: Kochi

Date : May 17, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 06765216)

(DIN: 02274773)

As per our report of even date

Directors:

For Varma & Varma

For Borkar & Muzumdar

C Balagopal

(DIN: 00430938)

Chartered Accountants

Chartered Accountants

A P Hota

(DIN: 02593219)

Firm’s Registration No:

Firm’s Registration No:

K Balakrishnan

(DIN: 00034031)

004532S

101569W

Siddhartha Sengupta

(DIN: 08467648)

Manoj Fadnis

(DIN: 01087055)

R Rajasekharan

Devang Vaghani

Sudarshan Sen

(DIN: 03570051)

Partner

Partner

Varsha Vasant Purandare

(DIN: 05288076)

Membership No: 22703

Membership No: 109386

Place: Kochi

Place: Mumbai

Place: Kochi

Date : May 17, 2021:

Letter of credit issued by banks

(Advances are net of provisions)

Schedules Forming Part of The Consolidated Balance Sheet (Contd...):

letter of

credit and annual locker rent fees are recognised on a

straight-line basis over the period of contract. Other

fees and commission income are recognised when

due, except in cases where the bank is uncertain of

ultimate collection.

•

Dividend on Equity Shares, Preference Shares and on

Mutual Funds is recognised as Income when the right

to receive the dividend is established.

•

Loan Syndication fee is accounted for on completion

of the agreed service and when right to receive is

established.

•

In compromise settlement cases, sacrifice on

settlement is accounted upfront.

•

Unpaid funded interest on term loans are accounted

on realisation as per the guidelines of RBI.

•

The difference between the sale price and purchase

cost of gold coins, received on consignment basis is

included in other income. The Bank also deals in bullion

on a borrowing and lending basis and the interest paid/

received is accounted on an accrual basis.

Fedbank Financial Services Limited

•

Revenue is recognized as and when it is earned, and

no significant uncertainty exists as to its realization

or collection. Interest Income is recognized on

accrual basis, except in case of interest on non-

performing assets which are recognized on receipt

basis in accordance with “Systemically important

non-Banking Financial (Non Deposit Accepting or

Holding) Companies Prudential Norms (Reserve

Bank) Direction,2016 “ and the Accounting Standards

specified under Section 133 of the Companies Act,

2013 read with rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts)

Rules, 2014 and the guidelines issued by the Reserve

Bank of India as applicable to a NBFC-ND-SI. Overdue

charges are recognized when the Company is certain

of its realization.

•

Interest on securities is accounted for on accrual

basis except where the ultimate collection cannot be

established with reasonable certainty.

•

Processing Fees & Penal Charges are recognized on

receipt basis.

Federal Operations and Services Limited

•

Revenue from Operations is recognised as and when

services are rendered, as per the terms of Master

Service Agreement entered into by the company.

5.9 Fixed assets and depreciation

The Bank

Fixed assets are carried at cost of acquisition less

accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. Cost

includes cost of purchase and all expenditure like freight,

duties, taxes and incidental expenses related to the

acquisition and installation of the asset. Taxes like GST paid

on Fixed assets wherever eligible are availed as ITC as per

GST rules. Subsequent expenditure incurred on assets put to

use is capitalised only when it increases the future economic

benefit / functioning capability from / of such assets.

Capital work-in-progress includes cost of fixed assets that

are not ready for their intended use and includes advances

paid to acquire fixed assets.

Depreciation on fixed assets, including amortisation of

software, is charged over the estimated useful life of fixed

assets on straight-line basis, except as mentioned below.

•

Premises are depreciated under the written down

value method, using the same useful life as in Schedule

II of the Companies Act, 2013. Improvements to leased

Premises are depreciated over lower of lease term or 5

years based on technical evaluation.

•

Depreciation on premises revalued has been charged

on their written-down value including the addition

made on revaluation.

•

Assets individually costing ` 2,000/- or less are fully

depreciated in the year of purchase.

The management believes that the useful life of assets

assessed by the Bank, pursuant to Schedule II to the

Companies Act, 2013, taking into account changes in

environment, changes in technology, the utility and efficacy

SCHEDuLE 17: SIGNIFICANT ACCOuNTING POLICIES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2021 (CONTD...):

Managing Director & CEO

• Mr. T S Srinivasan

• Ms. Kamala Srinivasan

• Ms. Maya Shyam

• Ms. Meena Lochani

• Ms. Rohini

Mr. Ashutosh Khajuria, Executive Director & CFO

• Ms. Sunita Khajuria

• Ms. Vasundhara Khajuria

• Ms. Yashodhara Khajuria

Ms. Shalini Warrier, Executive Director & COO

• Ms. Parvathi Warrier

• Ms. Asha Warrier

b)

Transactions with related parties

For the year ended March 31, 2021

(` in Crore)

Items/Related Party

Associates

Key

Management

Personnel

Relatives of

KMP

Total

Deposits#

17.17

(40.27)

3.60

(3.99)

1.41

(1.41)

22.18

(45.67)

Advances#

5.39

(28.78)

0.25

(0.28)

-

-

5.64

(29.06)

Investments in Shares#

229.60

(229.60)

-

-

-

-

229.60

(229.60)

Interest paid

0.55

0.14

0.07

0.76

Interest received

0.23

0.01

-

0.24

Income from Services Rendered to

46.95

-

-

46.95

Receivable from

8.30

-

-

8.30:

letter EFD. CO. SO. 124 / 02.02.003 / 2019-20 dated August 05, 2019.

Fedbank Financial Services Limited

During the year ended March 31, 2021, RBI vide order ref EFD.CO.SO/372/02.14.148/2020-21 March 22 ,2021 in exercise of the

powers conferred under clause (b) of sub-section (1) of section 58G read with clause (aa) of subsection (5) of section 58B of the

Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, a penalty of ` 15 Lakhs is imposed on Fedbank Financial Services Limited. (Previous Year ` Nil)

1.12 Fixed Assets

A)

Fixed Assets as per Schedule 10 include Intangible Assets relating to Software and System Development Expenditure which

are as follows:

(` in Crore)

Particulars

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Gross Block

At the beginning of the year

257.74

253.78

Additions during the year

55.87

28.95

Deductions / Adjustments during the year

0.49

24.99

At the end of the year

313.12

257.74

Depreciation / Amortisation

At the beginning of the year

206.48

194.64

Charge for the year

26.67

36.70

Deductions during the year

0.47

24.86

Depreciation to date

232.68

206.48

Net Block

80.44

51.26:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 06765216)

(DIN: 02274773)

As per our report of even date

Directors:

For Varma & Varma

For Borkar & Muzumdar

C Balagopal

(DIN: 00430938)

Chartered Accountants

Chartered Accountants

A P Hota

(DIN: 02593219)

Firm’s Registration No:

Firm’s Registration No:

K Balakrishnan

(DIN: 00034031)

004532S

101569W

Siddhartha Sengupta

(DIN: 08467648)

Manoj Fadnis

(DIN: 01087055)

R Rajasekharan

Devang Vaghani

Sudarshan Sen

(DIN: 03570051)

Partner

Partner

Varsha Vasant Purandare

(DIN: 05288076)

Membership No: 22703

Membership No: 109386

Place: Kochi

Place: Mumbai

Place: Kochi

Date : May 17, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 06765216)

(DIN: 02274773)

Directors:

C Balagopal

(DIN: 00430938)

A P Hota

(DIN: 02593219)

K Balakrishnan

(DIN: 00034031)

Siddhartha Sengupta

(DIN: 08467648)

Manoj Fadnis

(DIN: 01087055)

Place: Kochi

Sudarshan Sen

(DIN: 03570051)

Date : May 17, 2021

Varsha Vasant Purandare

(DIN: 05288076):

