Managing Director of the Corporation:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the

applicable provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013, the Companies (Appointment

and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014 and any

other rules framed thereunder, the

Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015,

including any amendment, modification,

variation or re-enactment thereof

and the Articles of Association of the

Corporation, approval of the Members

of the Corporation be and is hereby

accorded to revise the range of salary

payable to Ms. Renu Sud Karnad

(DIN:00008064),: Managing

Managing Director (designated

as ‘Vice Chairman & Chief Executive

Officer’) of the Corporation for a period

of 3 (three) years with effect from

May 7, 2021, who shall be liable to

retire by rotation, upon the terms and

conditions including those relating to

remuneration more specifically set out

in the statement pursuant to Section

102(1) of the Act, annexed to this

Notice.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board

of Directors (hereinafter referred to

as the ‘Board’ which term shall be

deemed to include the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee of Directors

duly constituted by the Board to exercise

its powers conferred by this resolution)

be and is hereby authorised to alter and

vary the terms and conditions of the said

re-appointment including authority, from

time to time, to determine the amount

of salary and commission as also the

nature and amount of perquisites, other

benefits and allowances payable to

Mr. Keki M. Mistry in such manner as

may be agreed to between the Board

and Mr. Keki M. Mistry, subject to

the maximum limit approved by the

Members of the Corporation in this

regard and the limits prescribed under

Section 197 of the Act including any

amendment, modification, variation

or re-enactment thereof and to do all

such acts, deeds, matters and things

and execute all such agreements,

documents, instruments and writings

as may be required in relation to the

said re-appointment as it may in its sole

and absolute discretion deem fit, to give

effect to this resolution.”

7.

To consider, and if thought fit, to

pass the following resolution as an

Ordinary Resolution for approval of

Related Party Transactions with HDFC

Bank Limited, an associate company

of the Corporation:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulation

23 of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (hereinafter referred to as ‘Listing

Regulations’), Section 188 of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with the

Companies (Meetings of Board and

its Powers) Rules, 2014 and any other

applicable provisions, including any

amendment, modification, variation or

re-enactment thereof, the Members of

the Corporation do hereby accord their

approval to the Board of Directors of

the Corporation (hereinafter referred

to as the ‘Board’ which term shall be

deemed to include any committee(s)

constituted/to be constituted by the

Board, from time to time, to exercise

its powers conferred by this resolution),

for carrying out and/or continuing

with arrangements and transactions

(whether by way of an individual

transaction or transactions taken

together or series of transactions or

otherwise) from the conclusion of

this Annual General Meeting till the

conclusion of the 45th Annual General

Meeting of the Corporation, with

HDFC Bank Limited (‘HDFC Bank’),

being a related party, whether by

way of renewal(s) or extension(s) or

modification(s) of earlier arrangements/

transactions or as a fresh and

independent transaction or otherwise

including banking transactions,

transactions for (i) sourcing of home

loans for the Corporation by HDFC

Bank against the consideration of the

commission agreed upon or as may

be mutually agreed upon from time to

time, (ii) assignment/securitisation of

such percentage of home loan sourced

by HDFC Bank or others, agreed upon

or as may be mutually agreed upon

from time to time, (iii) servicing of home

loans assigned/securitised against the

consideration agreed upon or as may

be mutually agreed upon, from time

to time, (iv) any transaction(s) with

HDFC Bank for the sale of securities

held by the Corporation in any of its

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter(s) of offer as may be

issued by the Corporation and in one

or more series, during a period of one

year commencing from the date of this

Annual General Meeting, on a private

placement basis and on such terms

and conditions as the Board may deem

fit and appropriate for each series, as

the case may be; provided however

that the borrowings including by way of

issue of NCDs and/or any other hybrid

instruments shall be within the overall

limit of borrowings as approved by the

Members of the Corporation, from time

to time.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board

be and is hereby authorised to do all

such acts, deeds, matters and things

and execute all such agreements,

documents, instruments and writings as

may be required, with power to settle all

questions, difficulties or doubts that may

arise in relation to the above as it may in

its sole and absolute discretion deem fit

and to delegate all or any of its powers

herein conferred to any Committee

of Directors and/or director(s) and/or

officer(s) of the Corporation, to give effect

to this resolution.”

By Order of the Board

Ajay Agarwal

MUMBAI

Company Secretary

June 18, 2021

FCS: 9023

NOTES:

i. In view of the continuing restrictions

on the movement of persons at

several places in the country due

to COVID-19 pandemic, the Ministry

of Corporate Affairs (MCA) has vide

General Circular No. 14/2020 dated

April 8, 2020, General Circular No.

17/2020 dated April 13, 2020,

General Circular No. 20/2020

dated May 5, 2020 and General

Circular No. 02/2021 dated January

13, 2021 (hereinafter collectively

referred to as ‘MCA circulars’) read

with various circulars issued by

Securities and Exchange Board of

India (SEBI) allowed the companies

to conduct the AGM through Video

Conferencing (VC) or Other Audio

Visual Means (OAVM) during the

calendar year 2021. Accordingly,

the Corporation would be conducting

this meeting through two-way VC

and in this connection it has availed

the services of National Securities

Depository Limited (NSDL) for

providing the VC and e-voting facility.

ii. Process for e-voting and participation

at the AGM through VC

A. E-voting

In compliance with the provisions

of Regulation 44 of the Listing

Regulations, Section 108 of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule

20 of the Companies (Management

and Administration) Rules, 2014, as

amended, MCA circulars and the

Secretarial Standard on General

Meetings issued by The Institute of

Company Secretaries of India, the

Corporation is providing a facility to all

its Members to enable them to cast

their vote on the resolutions listed

in this Notice by electronic means

i.e. remote e-voting prior to the AGM

and also during the AGM (for those

Members who have not exercised

their votes through remote e-voting).

SEBI vide circular SEBI/HO/CFD/

CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated

December 9, 2020, has enabled

e-voting for all the individual demat

account holders by way of a single

login credential through their demat

accounts and/or website of the

depositories/depository participants

(DP), in an attempt to increase the

participation of th e shareholders as

also improve the efficacy of the voting

process.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

(designated as the ‘Vice Chairman

& Chief Executive Officer’) of the

Corporation for a period of 3 (three)

years with effect from May 7, 2021.

The Board of Directors at its meeting

held on May 7, 2021 considered

and unanimously approved the

same, subject to the approval of the

Members of the Corporation.

Mr. Keki M. Mistry has confirmed

that he continues to satisfy the fit

and proper criteria as prescribed

under RBI Master Direction – Non-

Banking Financial Company –

Housing Finance Company (Reserve

Bank) Directions, 2021 (RBI-HFC

Directions, 2021) and the conditions

provided under Part I of Schedule

V to the Companies Act, 2013 and

that he is not disqualified from being

appointed as a Director in terms of

Section 164 of the Companies Act,

2013. He has also confirmed that

he is not debarred from holding the

office of director by virtue of any

order by SEBI or any other authority.

Mr. Keki M. Mistry is committed to

devote enough time that is required

by the Corporation in order to fulfil

his fiduciary responsibility towards

the various stakeholders.

The key terms and conditions of

the said re-appointment including

the remuneration, more particularly

as set out in the agreement to

be executed by and between the

Corporation and Mr. Keki M. Mistry

are as follows:

(i) The re-appointment of Mr. Keki M.

Mistry as the: Managing Director

(designated as the ‘Vice

Managing Director of the

Corporation. She joined the Corporation in

1978 and was appointed as the Executive

Director of the Corporation in 2000,

re-designated as the Joint Managing

Director of the Corporation in October

2007. Ms. Karnad has been the Managing

Director of the Corporation with effect from

January 1, 2010. Ms. Karnad is currently

the President of the International Union for

Housing Finance (IUHF), an association of

global housing finance firms.

25,50,247

Revision in the upper limit of range of

the salary payable to Ms. Karnad from

` 27,00,000 per month to ` 36,00,000 per

month, with effect from January 1, 2021.

Please refer to the statement for

Resolution No. 4.

May 3, 2000

5

Mr. V. Srinivasa Rangan

00030248

61

Indian

• Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce

• Associate of The Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India

Mr. Rangan is the Executive Director of

the Corporation. Mr. Rangan joined the

Corporation in 1986 and has served in

Delhi Region and was the Senior General

Manager – Corporate Planning & Finance

function since 2001. Mr. Rangan has been

the Executive Director of the Corporation

with effect from January 1, 2010. He is

also the Chief Financial Officer of the

Corporation.

6,94,475

Revision in the upper limit of range of

the salary payable to Mr. Rangan from

` 20,00,000 per month to ` 30,00,000 per

month, with effect from January 1, 2021.

Please refer to the statement for Resolution

No. 5.

January 1, 2010

6

Mr. Keki M. Mistry

00008886

66

Indian

• Fellow of The Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India

Mr. Mistry is the Vice Chairman & Chief

Executive Officer of the Corporation.

Mr. Mistry joined the Corporation in

1981. He was appointed as the Executive

Director of the Corporation in 1993, as

the Deputy: Managing Director in 1999

and as the Managing Director in 2000. He

was re-designated as the Vice

Chairman's Letter to Shareholders

21

Directors' Report

25

Compliance Certiﬁcate on Corporate Governance

51

Brief Proﬁle of the Directors of the Corporation

15

Board of Directors

14

Consolidated Financial Statements with Auditors' Report

219

Standalone Financial Statements with Auditors' Report

93

Shareholders' Information

363

Report of the Directors on Corporate Governance

52

Policy on Related Party Transactions

376

Management Discussion and Analysis Report

71

Date - Tuesday, July 20, 2021 Time: 11.00 a.m.

Probable Date of Payment of Dividend - Thursday, July 22, 2021

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

CONTENTS

CUT OFF DATE

END DATE

START DATE

Tuesday,

July 13, 2021

Monday,

July 19, 2021

(5.00 p.m.)

Friday,

July 16, 2021

(10.00 a.m.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Mr. Keki M. Mistry

Vice Chairman &

Chief Executive Officer

Ms. Ireena Vittal

Mr. V. Srinivasa Rangan

Executive Director

Mr. Jalaj Dani

Dr. Bhaskar Ghosh

BOARD OF

DIRECTORS

14

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of the Corporation (designated as

'Chairman') in 1993. He retired as the: Managing Director

on December 31, 2009. He was appointed as a Non-

Executive Director of the Corporation with effect from

January 1, 2010. He is also the

Managing Director at UTI Asset Management Company

Private Limited from 2005 until February 2011.

Preceding this, he was the Joint Secretary in Department

of Economic Affairs at Ministry of Finance and looked

after the Banking Division and Capital Markets Division –

including external commercial borrowings, pension

reforms and foreign exchange management functions.

For his contribution as the Chairman of SEBI, he was

conferred with many awards viz. CNBC TV18's India

Business Leader Awards (IBLA) – Outstanding

Contribution to Indian Business Award 2014 and

Economic Times - Business Reformer of the Year Award,

2014.

Dr. Irani does not hold directorship in any other company.

•

Vedanta Limited, Havells India Limited and Max



Healthcare Institute Limited– Independent

Director.

Mr. Sinha holds a Master's degree in Science and

Bachelor's degree in Law from Patna University. He was

an officer of the Indian Administrative Service. He is an

expert in finance, accountancy, audit, economics,

corporate governance, legal & regulatory compliance,

risk management and strategic thinking. He has vast

experience in mutual funds and the financial sector and

also as a regulator.

Mr. Jalaj Dani (DIN: 00019080) is an Independent

Director of the Corporation. Mr. Dani has been a director

of the Corporation since April 30, 2018. Mr. Dani is the

Chairman of the Audit and Governance Committee of

Directors and a member of the Stakeholders

Relationship Committee of Directors, Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee of Directors and IT Strategy

Committee. He is a co-promoter of Asian Paints Limited

and has spent over the last two decades in various

capacities with Asian Paints Limited. He is actively

involved in Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), Young

President's Organisation (YPO), Federation of Indian

Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) and other

Business Councils in various capacities. He also serves

on Next Generation of Leaders Board in Indian School of

Business, Hyderabad. He was identified as 'Stars 2000'-

Potential Leaders in the New Millennium by Business

India Magazine in the year 1998.

Key Skills and Competencies

Key Skills and Competencies

Directorship in Other Listed Companies

Mr. Dani has pursued Chemical Engineering at University

of Wisconsin-Madison, USA. He also did Advanced

Management Program at INSEAD, Fontaine leau, Paris.

He is an expert in information technology, data analytics,

digital platforms, cyber security, consumer behaviour,

sales & marketing, corporate governance, risk

management and strategic thinking. He has vast

experience in housing and real estate sector.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of the Corporation in October

2007. Ms. Karnad has been the: Managing Director

of the Corporation with effect from January 1, 2010.

Ms. Karnad is a member of the Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee of Directors, Risk

Management Committee and IT Strategy Committee.

Ms. Karnad is currently the President of the International

Union for Housing Finance (IUHF), an association of

global housing finance firms.

•

Atul Limited – Independent Director.



•

Computer Age Management Services Limited -



Non-Executive Director.

governance, legal & regulatory compliance, risk

management and strategic thinking. He has vast

experience in housing finance and real estate sector.

Directorships in Other Listed Companies

Key Skills and Competencies

Ms. Karnad holds a Master's degree in Economics from

the University of Delhi and a Bachelor's degree in law

from the University of Mumbai. She is a Parvin Fellow –

Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International

Affairs, Princeton University, USA. She is an expert in

finance, economics, sales & marketing, human

resources and risk management. She has vast

experience in housing finance, real estate and

infrastructure sector.

Directorships in Other Listed Companies

•

HDFC Asset Management Company Limited, HDFC



Life Insurance Company Limited and HDFC Bank

Limited – Non-Executive Director.

Mr. Keki M. Mistry (DIN: 00008886) is the Vice

Managing Director

Mr. V. Srinivasa Rangan

Executive Director

Mr. Jalaj Dani

Independent Director

RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

Mr. Nasser Munjee -

Chairman

Independent Director

Mr. Conrad D'Souza

Member of Executive

Management

Mr. V. Srinivasa Rangan

Executive Director

Mr. Keki M. Mistry

Vice Chairman &

Chief Executive Ofﬁcer

Dr. Bhaskar Ghosh

Independent Director

Ms. Renu Sud Karnad: Managing Director

Mr. Suresh Menon

Member of Executive

Management

Ms. Madhumita Ganguli

Member of Executive

Management

Mr. R. Sankaranarayan

Member of Executive

Management

Mr. Dilip Shetty

Mr. Saket Saxena

Deputy General Manager (CREST)

Mr. Guruprasad Mandrawadkar

Joint General Manager

(Data Analytics)

Managing Director

Associate Member of

Executive Management

Mr. R. Arivazhagan

Senior General Manager

(Information Technology)

Mr. Dipta Bhanu Gupta

Senior General Manager

(IT-USG)

Mr. Milind Marathe

Mr. Sushil Bhagwat

Joint General Manager

(Information Technology)

Deputy General manager

(IT-USG - Operations)

Independent Director

Dr. Bhaskar Ghosh -

Managing Director (designated

as the Vice Chairman & Chief Executive

Officer) of the Corporation for a period

of 3 years with effect from May 7,

2021. The re-appointment is subject

to the approval of the members of

the Corporation at the ensuing AGM.

Mr. Keki M. Mistry continues to be

liable to retire by rotation.

The necessary resolution for the

re-appointment of Mr. Keki M. Mistry

and his brief profile has been included

in the notice convening the ensuing

AGM.

All the directors of the Corporation

have confirmed that they satisfy the

fit and proper criteria as prescribed

under the applicable regulations and

that they are not disqualified from

being appointed as directors in terms

of Section 164(2) of the Companies

Act, 2013.

The details on the number of board/

committee meetings held are provided

in the Report of the Directors on

Corporate Governance, which forms

part of this report.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

124

Mr. Keki M. Mistry

Vice Chairman & CEO

138

Percentage increase in the remuneration of each director and key managerial personnel in FY21

Key Managerial Personnel

Name

Designation

Increase in Remuneration# (%)

Mr. Keki M. Mistry

Vice Chairman & CEO

#

Ms. Renu Sud Karnad: Managing Director

#

Mr. V. Srinivasa Rangan

Executive Director

2*

Mr. Ajay Agarwal

Company Secretary

12*

# On account of the COVID-19 pandemic, there was no increase in the remuneration of the managerial personnel during FY21.

* Encashed certain past accrued benefits, during FY21.

Non-Executive/Independent Directors

During FY21, the commission paid to each independent director was unchanged at ` 35 lac compared to the previous year. The commission to

independent directors remained unchanged due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the resultant lock-down. Due to the same reason the annual

commission paid to the

Managing Director

3

3

5.

Mr. V. Srinivasa Rangan

Executive Director

3

3

3.

Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the

board are disclosed on the website of the company.

The weblink for the requisite information is as under:

https://www.hdfc.com/about-us#corporate-social-responsibility

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial

record is the responsibility of the

management of the Corporation. Our

responsibility is to express an opinion

on these secretarial records based

on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit

practices and process as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial

records. The verification was done

on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the process

and practices we followed provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the

correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of

Accounts of the Corporation.

4.

Wherever required, we

have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance

of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the

provisions of Corporate and other

applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of

the management. Our examination

was limited to the verification of

procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is

neither an assurance as to the future

viability of the Corporation nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the

affairs of the Corporation.

For Parikh & Associates

Company Secretaries

P. N. Parikh

Partner

FCS No.: 327

MUMBAI

CP No.: 1228

April 27, 2021 UDIN:F000327C000185303

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter, debarment, etc.

Observations/remarks of the

Practicing Company

Secretary, if any.

NIL

(d)

The listed entity has taken the following actions to comply with the observations made in previous reports:

Sr.

No.

Observations of the

Practicing Company

Secretary in the previous

reports

Observations made in the

secretarial compliance

report for the

year ended

Actions taken by the listed

entity, if any

Comments of the Practicing

Company Secretary on the

actions taken by the listed entity

NONE

For Parikh & Associates

Company Secretaries

P. N. PARIKH

Partner

FCS No.: 327

MUMBAI

CP No.: 1228

April 27, 2021

UDIN: F000327C000185347

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director)

68

Whole-Time

5

4

9

9

3

10 Mr. Keki M. Mistry

(Vice Chairman & CEO)

66

Whole-Time

4

2

6

7

2

1 Excludes directorships in private companies, foreign companies, companies under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013,

Partnership Firms, LLP, HUF, Sole Proprietorship and Association of Individuals (Trust, Society).

2 Includes Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee in all public limited companies.

The number of directorships held by all directors as well as their membership/chairmanship in committees is within the prescribed

limits under the Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Mr. V. Srinivasa Rangan,

Executive Director are responsible for the day-to-day administration and operations of the Corporation.

Mr. Mistry is responsible for the overall functioning of the Corporation, its business strategy, including the strategy

on investments in the Corporation’s group companies and liaisoning with investors.

Ms. Renu Sud Karnad is responsible for the lending operations of the Corporation, both individual and non-individual.

She also oversees the functions of human resources, communication and brand strategy. She is the whole-time

director charged with the responsibility of the Corporation’s IT strategy and cyber security.

Mr. V. Srinivasa Rangan is the CFO of the Corporation and is responsible for mobilisation of funds for the Corporation,

investments, asset liability management and financial accounts. He is the director in charge of business responsibility.

Appointment of Independent Directors

The Corporation has a board approved policy on Appointment of Directors and Members of Senior Management and

a policy on Fit and Proper Criteria for Directors, based on which an existing director whose appointment is intended

to be continued and a new director proposed to be appointed is evaluated.

The Corporation recognises the importance of a diverse board which leverages different perspectives, knowledge,

experience and expertise, which would help the Corporation retain its competitive advantage. Accordingly, the

Corporation has a board approved Policy on Board Diversity which provides a framework that sets the standards for

a diversified board.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter have been placed

on the Corporation’s website.

Familiarisation Programme

The Corporation conducts familiarisation programmes for its directors from time to time. The familiarisation programme

ensures that the non-executive directors are updated on the business and regulatory environment and the overall

operations of the Corporation. This enables the non-executive directors to make better informed decisions in the

interest of the Corporation and its stakeholders.

The Corporation also provides directors with a reference manual periodically which inter alia covers a brief about the

Corporation, its subsidiaries and key associate companies, products and services offered, the roles, functions, powers

and duties of the directors, the detailed charter of various committees, the disclosures/declarations to be submitted

by directors and list of various policies/codes adopted by the Corporation. The board also meets with the CEOs and

senior management of key subsidiary companies and is briefed on the performance of these companies. A monthly

compendium containing updates about the Corporation and its subsidiary and associate companies, synopsis of

relevant regulatory changes and case laws is circulated to all the directors for their ready reference.

The Corporation provided regular written updates to the board, detailing the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on

the operations of the Corporation and the mitigation measures taken by the Corporation from time to time.

An overview of the familiarisation programme during the year has been placed on the Corporation’s website.

Board Meetings

The meetings of the Board of Directors are normally held at the Corporation’s corporate office in Mumbai. Meetings

are generally scheduled well in advance and the notice of each board meeting is given in writing to each director.

The board meets at least once a quarter to review the quarterly performance and financial results of the Corporation.

Members of the board are free to convene a board meeting at any time and shall inform the company secretary

regarding the same. In case of a special and urgent business need, board approval is taken by passing resolutions

by circulation as permitted by law, which is noted and confirmed at the subsequent board meeting. The members of

the board are expected to attend all the board meetings, unless there are any unavoidable circumstances. During

the year, in view of the COVID-19 pandemic, all outstation directors participated in the meetings through audio-visual

means in accordance with the relaxations granted by the MCA.

The company secretary in consultation with the Chairman and the whole-time directors prepares a detailed agenda

for the meetings. The board is provided with the relevant information as stipulated in the Listing Regulations. The

board members have access to all information of the Corporation. The board papers, agenda and explanatory notes

are circulated to the directors well in advance and are also made available on a digital platform. The members of

the board are free to recommend inclusion of any matter in the agenda for discussion. The Chairman moderates the

overall discussion to arrive at a conclusive and consensus opinion and also summarises the discussions to ensure

that decisions taken are appropriately recorded.

Senior management is invited to attend the board meetings so as to provide additional inputs on the matters being

discussed by the board. At the board meetings, the whole-time directors and senior management make presentations

on various matters including the financial results, operations, risk management, liquidity, asset liability management,

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director)

7

100%

-

Yes

Mr. Keki M. Mistry

(Vice Chairman & CEO)

7

100%

-

Yes

The board met on May 7, 2021, to inter alia approve the audited annual financial results of the Corporation and the

audited consolidated financial results for the year ended March 31, 2021.

Committees of the Board

To enable better and more focused attention on the affairs of the Corporation, the board delegates particular matters

to committees of the board set up for the purpose. These committees prepare the groundwork for decision-making

and report the same to the board at the subsequent meetings. There have been no instances wherein the board has

not accepted the recommendations of any committee.

During the year under review, the board constituted a committee of directors to consider, review and approve raising

of capital on a Qualified Institutions Placement (QIP) basis. The issue was completed in August 2020.

The composition and functioning of these board committees is in compliance with the applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013, Listing Regulations and the corporate governance directions issued by National Housing Bank/

Reserve Bank of India, as applicable.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director -

Vice Chairman

& CEO)

(`)

Ms. Renu Sud

Karnad

(: Managing Director)

(`)

Mr. V. Srinivasa

Rangan

(Executive Director

& CFO)

(`)

Salary

6,26,56,712.00

5,49,65,868.00

4,06,07,212.80

Value of perquisites, other benefits, allowances

& retirement benefits*

1,23,16,528.00

84,83,367.03

61,57,705.84

Commission payable

9,52,50,000.00

8,67,00,000.00

6,51,00,000.00

Gross Remuneration

17,02,23,240.00

15,01,49,235.03

11,18,64,918.64

Number of Stock Options granted under

ESOS-2020

12,00,000

12,00,000

10,00,000

Number of shares held as at March 31, 2021

8,05,000

25,50,247

6,94,475

*Expenses towards gratuity and leave encashment provisions are determined actuarially on an overall basis at the end of each

year and accordingly, have not been considered in the above information. Also excludes value of perquisite upon exercise of stock

options which were granted during earlier financial years. Even if the same were to be added to the aforesaid remuneration the

total remuneration of the above personnel would be within the ceilings as provided in Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013.

Stock options are always granted at the prevailing market price and as such the intrinsic value of the options is nil. However,

under Ind AS 102, an amount of ` 30.71 crore has been charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss Account for FY21 with a

corresponding credit to the reserves.

The executive directors also receive sitting fees for attending the meetings of the board and its committees including advisory

boards of certain subsidiary companies.

Evaluation of the Board and Directors

The board, as an outcome of the evaluation process carried out in the previous year, took cognisance of the

recommendations to enhance digitalisation initiatives for the purpose of business and assessed the growing role of

technology by devising a medium to long-term strategy. During its meeting held on March 22, 2021, the board was

updated on various aspects of the lending business, the competitive landscape, plans to overcome challenges and

strategies for business growth.

During the year, the evaluation of the performance of the board as a whole, its committees thereof and the performance

of directors was conducted internally through an online module.

Dr. J. J. Irani,

Managing Director

(DIN: 00008064)

Executive Director &

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

(FCS: 9023)

MUMBAI, May 07, 2021

(DIN: 00030248)

` in Crore

Notes

As at March 31,

2021

As at March 31,

2020

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

LIABILITIES

(1)

Financial Liabilities

(a)

Derivative Financial Instruments

7

1,660.86

320.67

(b)

Payables

17

(A) Trade Payables

17.1

(i) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small

enterprises

7.48

3.90

(ii) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro

enterprises and small enterprises

331.67

192.90

(B) Other Payables

(i) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small

enterprises

-

-

(ii) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro

enterprises and small enterprises

-

-

(c)

Debt Securities

18

1,82,054.73

1,76,868.71

(d)

Borrowings (Other than Debt Securities)

19

1,05,179.18

1,04,908.64

(e)

Deposits

20

1,50,131.13

1,32,324.29

(f)

Subordinated Liabilities

21

4,000.00

5,000.00

(g)

Other Financial Liabilities

22

12,991.70

15,896.48

Total Financial Liabilities

4,56,356.75

4,35,515.59

(2)

Non-Financial Liabilities

(a)

Current Tax Liabilities (Net)

23

441.29

192.90

(b)

Provisions

24

251.29

260.54

(c)

Other Non-Financial Liabilities

25

1,766.60

1,966.47

Total Non-Financial Liabilities

2,459.18

2,419.91

Total Liabilities

4,58,815.93

4,37,935.50

(3)

EQUITY

(a)

Equity Share Capital

26

360.79

346.41

(b)

Other Equity

27

1,08,421.86

85,811.65

Total Equity

1,08,782.65

86,158.06

Total Liabilities and Equity

5,67,598.58

5,24,093.56

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00008064)

Executive Director &

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

(FCS: 9023)

MUMBAI, May 07, 2021

(DIN: 00030248)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00008064)

Executive Director &

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

(FCS: 9023)

MUMBAI, May 07, 2021

(DIN: 00030248)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00008064)

Executive Director &

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

(FCS: 9023)

MUMBAI, May 07, 2021

(DIN: 00030248)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director)

Mr. V. Srinivasa Rangan (Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer)

Mr. Nasser Munjee

Dr. J. J. Irani

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director.

Credit Risk Assessment Methodology

44.4.1 Corporate Portfolio

The Corporation has an established credit appraisal procedure which has been detailed in Corporate Loans

Policy and Developer Loans Policy respectively. The policies outline appraisal norms including assessment of

quantitative and qualitative parameters along with guidelines for various products. The policy also includes

process for approval of Loans which are subject to review and approval by Sanctioning Committees.

Corporation carries out a detailed analysis of funding requirements, including normal capital expenses, long-

term working capital requirements and temporary imbalances in liquidity. A significant portion of Corporate

Finance loans are secured by a lien over appropriate assets of the borrower.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter is issued to the

borrower, which outlines the principal financial terms of the proposed facility, Borrowers/Security providers

obligations, conditions precedent to disbursement, undertakings from and covenants on the borrower.

After completion of all formalities by the borrower, a loan Transaction documents are entered into with the

borrower.

Construction finance loans are generally fully secured and have full recourse against the borrower. In most

cases, the Corporation has mortgage of Project financed. Security typically include project property and

receivables of the project property, as well as other tangible assets of the borrower, both present and future.

The Corporation also takes additional credit comforts such as corporate or personal guarantees and shortfall

undertaking from one or more sponsors of the project.

The Corporation requires the borrower to submit periodic reports and continue to monitor the exposure until

loans are fully repaid.

Further since both Lease Rental Discounting and Construction Finance Facilities are mostly serviced from

receivables from the projects/property financed, all the cash flows are charged to the Corporation, and are

ring fenced by way of Escrow mechanism. Under this mechanism all such receivables flow into Escrow Account

from where amounts are directly credited into the Corporation’s account.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00008064)

Executive Director &

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

(FCS: 9023)

MUMBAI, May 07, 2021

(DIN: 00030248)

Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements (Continued)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated November 11, 2020

gave its final approval to the said Merger with the

Appointed Date of March 01, 2020.

During the course of their audit, the auditor of HDFC

ERGO performed the following procedures:

• Test checked the transactions for the period April

2020 to November 2020 in the system maintained

by HEHI.

• Testing the process of migration of the monthly

summary of transactions in the financial reporting

into the HEGI System.

• Assessing whether appropriate restrictions were

placed on access to systems through reviewing

the permissions and responsibilities of authorised

personnel.

Information Systems of HEHI were in use upto November

2020 running parallelly with the information systems of

HEGI.

In view of the parallel operations and subsequent

migration of data from HEHI systems to HEGI systems,

the IT environment has become complex with regards to

the financial reporting process.

During the year, the management has migrated the data

of HEHI into the systems of the Company.

• Where we identified the need to perform additional

procedures such as reconciliations between systems

and performing additional testing; extended our

sample sizes, to obtain adequate and appropriate

audit evidences.

• Reviewed the controls with respect to manual

processes in consolidation of data of all lines of

business and ensured data integrity with respect to

such consolidation.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00008064)

Executive Director &

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

(FCS: 9023)

MUMBAI, May 07, 2021

(DIN: 00030248)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00008064)

Executive Director &

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

(FCS: 9023)

MUMBAI, May 07, 2021

(DIN: 00030248)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00008064)

Executive Director &

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

(FCS: 9023)

MUMBAI, May 07, 2021

(DIN: 00030248)

Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended March 31, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00008064)

Executive Director &

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

(FCS: 9023)

MUMBAI, May 07, 2021

(DIN: 00030248)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director)

Mr. Nasser Munjee

Mr. V. Srinivasa Rangan (Executive Director)

Dr. J. J. Irani

Mr. U. K. Sinha

Ms. Ireena Vittal

Dr. Bhaskar Ghosh

Mr. Jalaj Dani

Relatives of Key Management Personnel

Relatives of Key Management Personnel

(Whole-time Directors)

(Non-executive directors)

(where there are transactions)

(where there are transactions)

Mr. Singhal Nikhil

Mr. Aditya D. Parekh

Mr. Ashok Sud

Mr. Siddharth D. Parekh

Mr. Bharat Karnad

Ms. Harsha Shantilal Parekh

Ms. Arnaaz K. Mistry

Ms. Smita D. Parekh

Ms. Tinaz K. Mistry

Mr. Malav A. Dani

Mrs. Niamat Mukhtar Munjee

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director.

Credit Risk Assessment Methodology

Corporate Portfolio

The Corporation has an established credit appraisal procedure which has been detailed in Corporate Loans

Policy and Developer Loans Policy respectively. The policies outline appraisal norms including assessment of

quantitative and qualitative parameters along with guidelines for various products. The policy also includes

process for approval of Loans which are subject to review and approval by Sanctioning Committees.

Corporation carries out a detailed analysis of funding requirements, including normal capital expenses, long-

term working capital requirements and temporary imbalances in liquidity. A significant portion of Corporate

Finance loans are secured by a lien over appropriate assets of the borrower.

Borrower risk is evaluated by considering:

• the risks and prospects associated with the industry in which the borrower is operating (industry risk);

• the financial position of the borrower by analysing the quality of its financial statements, its past financial

performance, its financial flexibility in terms of ability to raise capital and its cash flow adequacy (financial risk);

• the borrower’s relative market position and operating efficiency (business risk);

• the quality of management by analysing their track record, payment record and financial conservatism

(management risk); and

• the risks with respect to specific projects, both pre-implementation, such as construction risk and funding

risk, as well as post-implementation risks such as industry, business, financial and management risks

related to the project (project risk).

Restructuring, ECLGS and Moratorium Guidelines issued by RBI are adopted for loans on a selective basis,

after assessing the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on their businesses.

Lease Rental Discounting

Loan is given against assured sum of rentals/receivables. The risk assessment procedure include:

• carrying out a detailed evaluation of terms of Lease / Leave and License Agreements such as lease rental

receivables, term of the leases and periodicity of rentals.

• conducting due diligence on and appraisal of Borrowers / Lessors and Lessees including due diligence of

project/property. These Loans are secured by project property and serviced from rentals/receivables.

Construction Finance

The Corporation has a framework for the appraisal and execution of project finance transactions. The Corporation

believes that this framework creates optimal risk identification, allocation and mitigation and helps minimize

residual risk.

The project finance approval process begins with a detailed evaluation of technical, commercial, financial,

marketing and management factors and the sponsor’s financial strength and experience.

As part of the appraisal process, a risk matrix is generated, which identifies each of the project risks, mitigating

factors and residual risks associated with the project. After credit approval, a: letter of intent is issued to the

borrower, which outlines the principal financial terms of the proposed facility, sponsor obligations, conditions

precedent to disbursement, undertakings from and covenants on the borrower.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director

(DIN: 00008064)

Executive Director &

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

(FCS: 9023)

MUMBAI, May 07, 2021

(DIN: 00030248)

Particulars (As at March 31, 2020)

HDFC Life

Insurance Co.

Ltd

HDFC Ergo

General

Insurance Co.

Ltd

HDFC Asset

Management

Co. Ltd

Other Comprehensive Income

92.90

205.43

(3.08)

Total Comprehensive Income

1,234.14

614.74

1,259.33

Summarised Financial information for Cash Flows

Net Cash inflows from Operating Activities

7,360.98

2,086.83

1,284.84

Net Cash inflows from Investing Activities

(7,771.68)

(1,717.70)

(927.54)

Net Cash inflows from Financing Activities

39.52

(22.60)

(331.56)

Net Cash inflow / (Outflow)

(371.18)

346.54

25.74

HDFC Life Insurance Co. Ltd and HDFC ERGO General Insurance Co. Ltd . for the purposes of its statutory

compliance prepares and presents its financial statements/ results under the historical cost convention and

accrual basis of accounting in accordance with the acounting principles prescribed by the Insurance Regulatory

Development Authority of India (IRDAI) (Preparation of Financial Statements and Auditors Report of Insurance

companies) regulations, 2002, circulars and guidelines issued by the IRDAI from time to time, Accounting

Standards (‘AS’) specified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read together with relevant rules,

in so far as they apply to Insurance companies. These financial statements/ results are largely referred to as

the Indian GAAP (‘IGAAP’) financial statements/ results. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs, India, in its press

release dated January 18, 2016, had issued a roadmap for implementation of IFRS converged Indian Accounting

Standards (‘IND-AS’). The timelines for the said implementation have since been deferred.

HDFC Life Insurance Co. Ltd and HDFC ERGO General Insurance Co. Ltd , being subsidiaries of Housing

Development Finance Corporation Limited (the ‘Corporation’), has prepared this consolidated financial

information (‘fit- for consolidation information’), in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles

of IND-AS as specified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, for the purposes of preparing the

consolidated financial statements/ results of the Corporation.

53.

Events after the reporting period

There have been no events after the reporting date that require disclosure in these financial statements.

54.

Approval of financial statements

The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation on May 7, 2021.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of Appointment to

Independent Directors

The draft: letter sets out the terms

and conditions for appointment of

Independent

letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial record

is the responsibility of the Management

of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these Secretarial

records based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices

and processes as were appropriate to

This report is to be read with our: letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure ‘A’ and forms an integral part of this report.

obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the

Secretarial records. The verification was

done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in Secretarial records.

We believe that the processes and

practices we follow provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified the correctness

and appropriateness of financial records

and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4. Wherever required, we have obtained

the Management representation about

the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events, etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions

of Corporate and other applicable

laws, Rules, Regulations, Standards

is the responsibility of management.

Our examination was limited to the

verification of procedures on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit Report is

neither an assurance as to the future

viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the

Management has conducted the affairs

of the Company.

For Bhandari & Associates

Company Secretaries

Firm Registration No.: P1981MH043700

Sd/-

S. N. Bhandari

Partner

MUMBAI

FCS No.: 761; CP No.: 366

April 20, 2021

ICSI UDIN: F000761C000134323

We further report that -

The Board of

