Letter,

etc. together with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly

authorised representative(s), to the Scrutiniser by email to

info@mehta-mehta.com

with

a

copy

marked

to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

6.

Members can login and join the AGM thirty (30) minutes prior to

the scheduled time to start the AGM and the window for joining

shall be kept open till the expiry of thirty (30) minutes after the

scheduled time to start the AGM, on first-come-first-serve basis.

However, the participation of large members (members holding 2%

or more shareholding), promoters, institutional investors, directors,

key managerial personnel, the chairpersons of the Audit Committee,

Nomination

and

Remuneration

Committee,

Stakeholders’

Relationship Committee and auditors can attend the Meeting

without restriction of first-come-first-serve basis. Instructions and

other information for Members for attending the AGM through VC/

OAVM are given in this Notice.

7.

The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/

OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum

under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.

8.

Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 and clause 1.2.5 of Secretarial Standard 2, the information

about the Directors proposed to be appointed/re-appointed and the

Director to whom revised remuneration is proposed to be paid, in

the this AGM, is given in the Annexure I to the Notice.

9.

The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books of the Company

will remain closed from Friday, June 18, 2021 to Friday, June 25,

2021 (both days inclusive) for the purpose of determining the

eligibility to receive the final dividend for the financial year ended

March 31, 2021.

10.

The final dividend for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 at

the rate of ` 2.00 per equity share of face value of ` 10 each, as

recommended by the Board of Directors, if approved at this Meeting,

will be paid to those Members who hold shares:

i.

In dematerialised mode, based on the beneficial ownership

details to be received from National Securities Depository

Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India)

Limited (CDSL) as at the close of business hours on

Thursday, June 17, 2021;

ii.

In physical mode, if their names appear in the Company’s

Register of Members, after giving effect to valid transmission

or transposition requests lodged with the Company, at the

close of business hours on Thursday June 17, 2021.

11.

The Company’s Registrar & Transfer Agents for its share registry

(both, physical as well as electronic) is KFin Technologies Private

Limited (Formerly known as Karvy Fintech Private Limited) (KFin/

Registrar/RTA) having its office at Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32,

Gachibowli, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad 500 032,

Unit: ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

12. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated

the submission of Permanent Account Number (PAN) by every

participant in the securities market. Members holding shares in

electronic mode therefore are requested to submit their PAN to

their DPs with whom they are maintaining their demat accounts.

Members holding shares in physical mode can submit their

PAN to KFin.

13.

All statutory registers and the documents referred to in the Notice

and Explanatory Statement will also be available for electronic

inspection without any fee by the Members from the date of

circulation of this Notice up to the date of AGM, i.e. Friday, June 25,

2021. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an

email to investor@iciciprulife.com.

14.

In case of joint holders attending the Meeting, only such joint holder

who is higher in the order of names will be entitled to vote.

15.

In line with the MCA Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020,

the Notice calling the AGM has been uploaded on the website of

the Company at www.iciciprulife.com. The Notice can also be

accessed from the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited

and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com

and www.nseindia.com respectively and is also available on the

website of e-voting agency i.e. NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com.:

letter mentioning your name, folio

number and complete address (including email); ii) the share

certificate (front and back) and iii) the PAN Card and any one

document (such as Driving License, Bank Statement, Election

Card, Passport, etc.) in support of the address of the member

as registered with the Company; to the email address of the

Company i.e. investor@iciciprulife.com.

b.

In case shares are held in demat mode, members may obtain

the login ID and password by sending scanned copy of: i) a

signed request: letter mentioning your name, DPID-CLID (16

digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID); ii) client master

or copy of Consolidated Account statement and iii) the PAN

Card, to the email address of the Company i.e. investor@

iciciprulife.com. If the Member is an individual shareholder

holding securities in demat mode, he/she should refer to the

login method explained at Step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for

e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode.

c.

Alternatively member may send an e-mail request to

evoting@nsdl.co.in for obtaining User ID and Password by

proving the details mentioned in Point a. and b. as the case

may be.

d.

As per SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020, Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed

to vote through their demat account maintained with

Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are

required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly

in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.

29.

Instructions for members for attending the AGM through VC/OAVM

are as under:

a.

Members will be able to attend the AGM through VC /

OAVM or view the live webcast of AGM provided by NSDL at

https://www.evoting.nsdl.com.

b.

Members may access by following the steps mentioned

above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After

successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed

under “Join General meeting” menu against company name.

You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under

Join General Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will

be available in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN

of Company will be displayed. Please note that the members

who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or

have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the

same by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned

in the notice to avoid last minute rush.

c.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through laptops

for better experience.

d.

Please note that Participants connecting from mobile

devices or tablets or through laptop connecting via mobile

hotspot may experience audio/video loss due to fluctuation

in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to

use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any kind of

aforesaid glitches.

e.

Members who would like to express their views/ask questions

during the AGM may register themselves as a speaker

by sending their request from their registered e-mail id

mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number

and mobile number at investor@iciciprulife.com at least

forty eight (48) hours in advance before the start of the AGM.

f.

Those Members who have registered themselves as a

speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask

questions during the AGM. Further, those Members who

have not registered themselves as a speaker, but desirous

of expressing their views/ask questions during the AGM,

may be allowed to do so, through chat box option. The

Company reserves the right to restrict the number of speakers

depending on the availability of time for the AGM.

g.

Members who are desirous of expressing their views/ask

questions during the AGM, shall join the AGM through a

device with camera/webcam facility.

h.

Members who need assistance before or during the AGM, can

contact NSDL on evoting@nsdl.co.in /1800 1020 990 and

1800 22 44 30 or contact Mr. Amit Vishal, Senior Manager –

NSDL at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

i.

All investors, including Institutional Investors are encouraged

to cast their vote on the proposed Resolutions and also attend

the AGM through VC/OAVM.

30.

Since the AGM will be held through VC / OAVM, the Route Map is

not annexed to this Notice.

Managing Director & CEO, as paid

to him in FY2021, was approved by the Members of the Company and the

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI).

The Board has, on the basis of the recommendation of the Board

Nomination & Remuneration Committee, approved the revision in the

remuneration payable to Mr. N. S. Kannan, with effect from April 1, 2021,

including the increase in Basic salary, Allowances and Retirals by 5%.

Employee Stock Options

Name & Designation

Number of stock options of the

Company under the Revised Scheme

(Employee Stock Option Scheme

2005 as approved by Members on

July 17, 2017) [granted on April 19,

2021] for FY2021

Mr. N. S. Kannan,: Managing

Managing Director/ Chief

Executive Officer/ Whole-time Directors of Insurers.

The approval of Members is requested, for the remuneration payable to

Mr. N. S. Kannan, subject to the approval of IRDAI.

Except Mr. N. S. Kannan, and his relatives, none of the Directors and Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives are concerned or

interested financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No.8.

Your Directors recommend the ordinary resolution at Item No. 8 for your

approval.

Item No. 9

The Company has an Employees Stock Option Scheme (2005) (Scheme)

which was last approved by the Board on April 24, 2019 and subsequently

by the shareholders of the Company at the Annual General Meeting held

on July 17, 2019.

As per the Scheme, “the aggregate number of shares issued or issuable

since March 31, 2016 pursuant to the exercise of any Options granted to

the Eligible Employees issued pursuant to the Scheme or any other stock

option scheme of the Company, shall not exceed a figure equal to 2.64%

of the number of shares issued as on March 31, 2016.”

At March 31, 2021, the exercised and exercisable options granted by

the Company were 2.06% as against the aforementioned limit of 2.64%.

Accordingly, the number of options still available to be granted by the

Company are 8,243,858 options or 0.58% of the number of shares issued

at March 31, 2016. The stock options granted to employees in the annual

grants are around 0.35%. While the limit is therefore adequate for the grant

of stock options to employees in April 2021, it would not be adequate to

grant options beyond FY2022.

The objectives of the Scheme are “to enhance employee motivation; to

enable employees to participate in the long term growth and financial

success of the Company; and to act as a retention mechanism, by enabling

employee participation in the business as an active stakeholder to usher in

an ‘owner-manager’ culture.” Grant of stock options is therefore utilised as

an important retention mechanism for top talent at senior and leadership

levels and helps ensure that the compensation delivered to top talent

remains competitive.

Considering the above, it is proposed that the limit prescribed in the

Scheme be enhanced to allow for additional grants of stock options to

employees, subject to the approval of shareholders in terms of dilution of

shareholding and other regulatory requirements. Accordingly, it is proposed

to increase the limit by 0.90% of the number of shares issued as on March

31, 2016, after taking approval from the shareholders. Consequently, the

Scheme is proposed to be amended and the key changes proposed are

as under:

Existing

Proposed

Rationale

Section IV: Shares subject to the Scheme

1. The aggregate number of

shares issued or issuable

since March 31, 2016

pursuant to the exercise

of any Options granted

to the Eligible Employees

issued pursuant to the

Scheme or any other

stock option scheme of

the Company, shall not

exceed a figure equal

to 2.64% of the number

of shares issued as on

March 31, 2016.

The maximum number

of Options granted to

any Eligible Employee

in a financial year shall

not exceed 0.1% of the

issued Shares of the

Company at the time of

grant of Options.

1. The aggregate number of

shares issued or issuable

since March 31, 2016

pursuant to the exercise

of any Options granted

to the Eligible Employees

issued pursuant to the

Scheme or any other

stock option scheme of

the Company, shall not

exceed a figure equal

to 3.54% of the number

of shares issued as on

March 31, 2016.

The maximum number

of Options granted to

any Eligible Employee

in a financial year shall

not exceed 0.1% of the

issued Shares of the

Company at the time of

grant of Options.

As

explained

above

There are no other changes proposed to the existing terms of the Scheme.

Information as per Regulation 6 of Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 (‘the Regulations’) are

as follows:

(a)

Brief Description of the Scheme

The Company granted Options to its employees under its Employees

Stock Option Scheme, prior to listing, since approval of its

Employees Stock Option Scheme – 2005. This pre-IPO Scheme

shall be referred to as ‘ESOS 2005’ or ‘Scheme’. The Scheme has

six tranches namely Founder, 2004-05, 2005-06, 2006-07, Founder

II and 2007-08, pursuant to which shares have been allotted and

listed in accordance with the in-principle approval extended by

the stock exchanges. The Scheme was instituted vide approval of

its Members at the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) dated

March 28, 2005 and subsequently amended by the Members of the

Company vide its EGM dated February 24, 2015.

The Scheme was last ratified and amended by the members of the

Company at its AGM held on July 17, 2017 which is in compliance

with the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014

Further, the meeting of Board Nomination and Remuneration

Committee (BNRC) and the Board held on April 24, 2019 had

approved the amendment to the definition of “Exercise Period”. The

revision to the definition was approved by Members at the AGM of

the Company held on July 17, 2019.

(b)

Total number of options to be granted

The Scheme provides that an aggregate number of shares issued

or issuable since March 31, 2016 pursuant to the exercise of:

Managing Director & CEO of ICICI Securities

Limited. Under his leadership, ICICI Securities won several prestigious awards.

Mr. Wilfred John Blackburn is the Regional CEO, Insurance Growth Markets at Prudential

Corporation Asia, a position he assumed with effect from February 2020. In this role, he is

responsible for steering 16 markets, across Asia and Africa, towards greater growth. Prior to this,

he was the CEO of Prudential Assurance Company Singapore (Prudential Singapore), a position

he held for four years.

Mr. Wilf Blackburn is an industry veteran with close to three decades of diverse life insurance

experience, having lived in seven Asian countries over the past 20 years. He joined Prudential

Corporation Asia in 2012 and initially led new market initiatives out of Hong Kong. This role included

overseeing the launch of Prudential’s business operations in Cambodia and the establishment of

Prudential’s representative office in Myanmar and Laos. In July 2014, he was appointed CEO of

Prudential Vietnam and subsequently as Vietnam Country Head, where he also oversaw the asset

management and consumer finance business.

Prior to joining Prudential, Mr. Blackburn was with Allianz for over 11 years, where his roles

included CEO of their life insurance joint ventures in China, Thailand and the Philippines and

Regional GM, Life & Health Insurance for Asia. Before Allianz, he worked in the United Kingdom for

three life insurers after commencing his career with a firm of consulting actuaries.

Mr. Blackburn, a British national, qualified as a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries (FIA) in 1995.

He has an MBA from the University of Bath and a BSc (Mathematics - 1st Class Hons.) from the

University of Newcastle upon Tyne (his home town). He is a postgraduate student at the City

University (now CASS), SAID Business School (Oxford University) and Harvard Business School.

Date of first appointment

on the Board

October 8, 2018

August 29, 2020

Terms and conditions

of appointment or re-

appointment

Please refer to the Resolution and Explanatory Statement for Item No. 3

Please refer to the Resolution and Explanatory Statement for Item No. 5

Remuneration last drawn

(during the year) (per

annum)

NIL

NIL

Shareholding in the

Company as on the date of

this notice

8500

NIL

Relationship with other

Directors, Manager and

other Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company

None

None

No. of Board Meetings

attended/ held during the

year ended March 31,

2021

12/12

5/5*:

Managing Director & CEO of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company since

June 19, 2018.

He has been with the ICICI Group for over 30 years and has worked in various leadership/executive

roles within the group. He served on the Board of ICICI Bank as Executive Director between May

2009 and June 18, 2018. Prior to joining the Board of ICICI Bank, he was the Executive Director of

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company from August 2005 to April 2009.

Mr Kannan has also had extensive experience serving on the boards of other group companies.

He served as the Chairman on the Boards of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership, ICICI Bank UK

Plc, and as a Non-Executive Director on the Boards of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company,

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company and

ICICI Bank Canada.

During his tenure as Executive Director at ICICI Bank, his responsibilities included Finance, Treasury,

Legal, Operations, Secretarial, Corporate Communications, Corporate Branding, Infrastructure

Management, Strategic Solutions Group and ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth. He also had

the administrative responsibility for Risk Management, Compliance and Internal Audit functions.

Besides, during his tenure at ICICI Bank he has also handled Project Finance, Infrastructure Finance

and Structured Finance.

Mr. Kannan has also served on various expert committees constituted by the Government of

India, regulators and industry associations. He has served on the Insurance Advisory Committee

constituted by the Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India, Reserve Bank of India’s

(RBI) Steering Committee on Implementation of Indian Accounting Standards, IBA Sectoral

Committee of Private Sector Member Banks, The Companies Law Committee Working Group

on Raising of Funds, CII National Council on Corporate Governance and the Insurance Awareness

Committee of the Life Insurance Council. Recently, he was appointed as a member of the Advisory

Committee by the RBI for the first ever resolution of a financial services company under the Indian

Bankruptcy Code.

Over the years, Mr. Kannan has won multiple awards including the Best CFO in India by Finance

Asia in 2013 and the Best CFO in the Indian Banking/Financial Services sector by CNBC TV18

consecutively for two years. Besides, he was also ranked the second best CFO in Asia in a buy-

side analysts’ poll by institutional investors. Under his leadership, the ICICI Bank investor relations

team was ranked third best in Asia in a sell-side analysts’ poll by institutional investors. ICICI

Bank’s investor relations team was ranked the best among Indian companies by Finance Asia.

Date of first appointment

on the Board

June 29, 2016

July 30, 2005

Terms and conditions of

appointment or

re-appointment

Please refer to the Resolution and Explanatory Statement for Item Nos. 6-7

Please refer to the Resolution and Explanatory Statement for Item No. 8, relating to revision in

remuneration.:

Message from the Chairman

14 Message from the: Managing

dear sharehoLders,

The turn of the decade would forever be marked by our resilient fight

with an invisible adversary. COVID-19 engulfed more than 3 million lives

worldwide and impacted livelihoods across the world. Despite all the

hardships arising due to the pandemic, the collective response triggered

by the indomitable human spirit will go down in history as a testament of

our endurance.

Global economic damage due to COVID-19 is estimated in the range of

$ 5.8 trillion to $ 8.8 trillion by the Asian Development Bank. Much like

in other parts of the world, India too faced economic challenges but it

has stabilised gradually. Given the lessons learnt from the first wave

of COVID-19, we are now better prepared to deal with it and various

projections suggest that the economy is back on the growth path.

CovId-19 and our resPonse

Life insurance serves as a critical component in any prosperous society.

When the lockdown was first declared, upholding the highest standards

of being a responsible employer was vital. We therefore successfully

transitioned all our employees to the ‘work from home’ model safely

without causing any disruption to processes. Further, we also introduced

various measures such as tele-consultation with Company doctors, addition

of home care packages in the mediclaim policy, COVID-19 treatment leave

and mental health counselling for employees and their families to help

them during this hour of need.: message from the

dear sharehoLders,

As I reflect on the financial year 2020-21, the first thing that crosses my

mind is the strength of the collective response shown by humanity in the

fight against COVID-19.

There is no doubt that the world has been going through an unprecedented

disruption and experiences of tragic proportions, probably not seen since

World War II. The pathogen, with rapid mobility, led to a massive global

health crisis and an economic fallout not witnessed since the Great

Depression. Over 3 million lives have been lost and according to the

International Labour Organisation, about 8.8% of global working hours,

equivalent to 255 million full-time jobs have vanished. The pandemic also

pushed governments world over to adopt stringent lockdowns which

derailed economic activity and caused the global economy to shrink by

3.3% in 2020, according to the International Monetary Fund.

However, scientists were quick to find information regarding the virus

genome sequencing, which led to the research on finding a vaccine. Since

December 2020, several vaccines have been put into mass production.

Doctors and other healthcare workers have been providing sustained and

selfless service to humanity to limit the loss of lives and livelihood to the

extent they can. In the battle against the virus, humans, though humbled,

will eventually emerge victorious.

gLobaL ImPaCT on busIness

The impact of COVID-19 on businesses has been varied. Proximity

sectors such as tourism, aviation, retail, hospitality, and automotive

were the hardest hit as consumer demand plummeted. Others such

as pharmaceuticals, insurance and healthcare fared much better, with

technology and related sectors specifically proving to be a safe haven for

investors. Overall, the dominant economic model and the world’s operating

principles were stress-tested, revealing vulnerabilities of over-reliance on

centralised global supply chain networks.

We believe the lessons learnt from the pandemic will lead to a

paradigm shift in the way businesses operate. We are already observing

the pace of digital and technological adoption moving at a frenetic pace

compared to the pre-COVID-19 era. Similarly, companies that had built

robust digital capabilities and those with a culture of digital adoption

have emerged stronger. In the medium term, greater emphasis and focus

would be on building sustainable business models recalibrated to the

new emerging normal.

The resILIenCe of The IndIan eConomY

As the crisis unfolded in India, the Government enacted proactive

measures. They rolled out a ` 20 trillion economic stimulus package,

provided free foodgrains to over 800 million people, carried out

critical reforms under Atmanirbhar Bharat for MSMEs, and created a

safety net for the economically weaker sections by transferring funds

directly to their bank accounts. These measures helped the economy

to stay resilient in the fight against COVID-19. According to official

data, economic activity picked up pace in the third quarter of

FY2021 and we are now better placed for growth. Of course,

the second wave of COVID-19 and its potential impact on the

message from the: managing director & Ceo

Managing Director & CEO:

Managing Director & CEO, uses this framework to set and

monitor governance and responsibility objectives, identify improvement

opportunities and ensure that activities are aligned with the business

strategy. Reputation, trust and confidence are essential elements that we

seek to protect and enhance for the benefit of all our stakeholders.

Key elements of our Ethical Business Practices and Governance philosophy

are as follows:

board governance structure: We operate under a governance

structure designed to establish effective checks and balances in the

management of our Company, and create long-term value for all our

stakeholders. The Board’s constitution duly adheres to the applicable

statutory requirements. The separation of Board’s supervisory role from

the executive management, and an effective independent Board is the

basis of our corporate governance philosophy. Diversity in composition

of the Board ensures having diverse thoughts, perspectives, knowledge,

skills and industry experience to retain our competitive advantage.

The Chairman of the Board is an Independent Director, and the Board

Committees comprise of Independent/Non-Executive Directors (NED) and

are chaired by Independent Directors (ID).

employee Compensation structures and governance: The Company

follows prudent compensation practices under the guidance of the Board

and the Board Nominations and Remuneration Committee (BNRC). The

Company’s approach to compensation is based on the ethos of meritocracy

and fairness within the framework of prudent risk management. While

the Company aims to ensure internal and external equity consistent

with emerging market trends, the Company’s business model and

affordability based on business performance set the overarching boundary

conditions. The output from the performance management system and

talent management system serve as the inputs for administration of the

Compensation Policy.

Our long-term pay schemes including the Company’s Employees Stock

Option Scheme are designed to encourage institution building among

employees. As a philosophy, long-term pay is given to enhance employee

motivation, enable employees to participate in the long-term growth and

financial success of the Company and act as a retention mechanism.

The Board of Directors are committed to the highest standards of corporate governance and ethical

business practices, which it believes are critical to business integrity, performance and maintaining

stakeholders’ confidence.

For the: Managing

Managing Director of Corpbank Securities Limited from 1999 to 2003, a Primary Dealership, licensed by RBI.

In July 2005, he became an Executive Director at the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). In March 2010,

he joined the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) as Member (Finance and Investment).

He was member of the International Organisation of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) sub-committee on

Investment Management, Investor Compensation and Protection and Private Equity from 2008 to 2010. At

the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS), he was the nominee on sub-committees on

accounting, auditing, governance, group supervision, insurance standards and financial stability. He was SEBI

nominee on National Advisory Committee on Accounting Standards (NACAS) from 2005 to 2010, member of

the Investor Protection and Compensation Committee, and IRDAI nominee on the RBI Technical Committee on

Money, Government Securities and Foreign Exchange Markets, SEBI Corporate Bonds and Securitisation Advisory

Committee (COBOSAC) from 2010 to 2015.

Mr. Nair is an independent Director of two subsidiaries of ICICI Bank - ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company

Limited and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited. He is also a Director of Geojit Financial Services Limited,

Geojit Credits Private Limited, Geojit Techloan Private Limited, Brickwork Ratings India Private Limited, Inditrade

Microfinance Limited, Axis Mutual Fund Trustee Limited, Inditrade Capital Limited, Touchstone Regulatory Advisors

Private Limited and Inditrade Fincorp Limited. Mr. Nair is also a Trustee in NPS Trust.

Qualification: Master’s degree in Science, Bachelor’s degree in Law, Master of Business Administration –

Financial Management, Diploma in Securities Law.

mr. r. k. naIr

Independent Director

1

3

4

8

7

66

44:

Managing Director & CEO of ICICI Securities Limited. Under his

leadership, ICICI Securities won several prestigious awards.

Qualification: Management degree from Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore and an Engineering degree

from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur.

mr. anuP bagChI

Non-Executive Director nominated by

ICICI Bank Limited

4

5

50

30

Ms. Rishi is an accomplished marketing evangelist with international experience in spearheading global marketing

campaigns for high-visibility consumer products.

Ms. Rishi was with PepsiCo for 17 years in leadership roles in the areas of marketing and innovation in India, the

United States and the United Kingdom, and was also one of the founding team members of PepsiCo when it

started operations in India. She later moved to PepsiCo’s headquarters to be a part of its international marketing

team, followed by an innovation leadership role in London. She was associated with Tata Administrative Service in

1982 and was part of the core start-up team of Titan Watches from 1983 to 1988. Ms. Rishi served as the Head

of Marketing and Group Strategy & Consumer Director of Future Consumer Limited.

She was associated with the Future Group as Group Strategy and Consumer Director and was responsible for

marketing, communication and customer strategy of the Future Group companies. She served as an Executive

Director of Brand & Human Capital at Max Financial Services Limited (formerly Max India Limited).

She is also associated with Pratham (Indian NGO). Her core competency includes product rebranding, new

product development and launch, alignment of global marketing teams of start-ups, entering new international

markets, best practices, organisational structure, strategic planning, and human resources.

Ms. Rishi has served on several Boards in Corporate India as Independent Director. She currently serves on the

Boards of Asian Paints, Tata Chemicals, Indian Hotels, Philips Lighting India, Escorts Limited, etc.

Qualification: Master of Business Administration in Marketing from the Faculty of Management Studies, University

of Delhi and Honours in Economics from Lady Sri Ram College, Delhi University.

ms. vIbha PauL rIshI

Independent Director

1

5

60

27:

Managing Director & CEO of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company since June 19, 2018.

Mr. Kannan has been with the ICICI Group for over 30 years and has worked in various leadership/executive

roles within the group. He served on the Board of ICICI Bank as Executive Director between May 2009 and June

18, 2018. Prior to joining the Board of ICICI Bank, Mr. Kannan was the Executive Director of ICICI Prudential Life

Insurance Company from August 2005 to April 2009.

Mr. Kannan has also had extensive experience serving on the boards of other group companies. Mr. Kannan

served as the Chairman on the Boards of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership, ICICI Bank UK Plc, and as a Non-

Executive Director on the Boards of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, ICICI Lombard General Insurance

Company, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company and ICICI Bank Canada.

During his tenure as Executive Director at ICICI Bank, his responsibilities included Finance, Treasury, Legal,

Operations, Secretarial, Corporate Communications, Corporate Branding, Infrastructure Management, Strategic

Solutions Group and ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth. Mr. Kannan also had the administrative responsibility

for Risk Management, Compliance and Internal Audit functions. Besides, during his tenure at ICICI Bank, he has

also handled Project Finance, Infrastructure Finance and Structured Finance.

Mr. Kannan has also served on various expert committees constituted by the Government of India, regulators

and industry associations. He has served on the Insurance Advisory Committee constituted by the Insurance

Regulatory Development Authority of India, Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) Steering Committee on Implementation

of Indian Accounting Standards, IBA Sectoral Committee of Private Sector Member Banks, The Companies Law

Committee Working Group on Raising of Funds, CII National Council on Corporate Governance and the Insurance

Awareness Committee of the Life Insurance Council. Recently, he was appointed as a member of the Advisory

Committee by the RBI for the first ever resolution of a financial services company under the Indian Bankruptcy Code.

Over the years, Mr. Kannan has won multiple awards including the Best CFO in India by Finance Asia in 2013 and

the Best CFO in the Indian Banking/Financial Services sector by CNBC TV18 consecutively for two years. Besides,

he was also ranked the second best CFO in Asia in a buy-side analysts’ poll by institutional investors. Under his

leadership, the ICICI Bank investor relations team was ranked third best in Asia in a sell-side analysts’ poll by

institutional investors. ICICI Bank’s investor relations team was ranked the best among Indian companies by Finance Asia.

Qualification: Bachelor of Engineering (Honours) from NIT Trichy, Post-Graduate Diploma in Management from

IIM Bangalore, Chartered Financial Analyst from ICFAI.

mr. n. s. kannan: Managing

letter

generation and identity card creation. V-STAR, the Company’s flagship

induction programme for frontline sales professionals, was deployed

digitally to ensure employees were adequately skilled to perform in a digital

environment. New hires at entry level management roles underwent the

virtual Business Leadership Programme that offered an orientation on the

Company and helped them transition from campus to corporate life.

b. Talent development

Learning & Growth is a key employee value proposition and the Company

aims to facilitate capability building of employees through classroom

and on-the-job training, job rotation opportunities, job enrichment

and opportunities for career progression. The Company follows an

integrated capability development framework for developing a culture

of excellence. The capability development framework focuses on

enhancing the performance and potential of employees based on

the Company’s Leadership Anchors of Execution Excellence, Professional

Excellence, People Excellence, Service Excellence and Strategic

Excellence. Given the challenges of executing classroom or face-to-face

training, learning & development initiatives were re-configured to promote

digital learning.

I joined the Company in the month of

September 2020. Even though our joining was

deferred, we had the assurance that ICICI

Prudential Life Insurance will definitely honour

the offer: letter. Post joining, a structured

onboarding and learning experience helped us

settle in and understand our job well.

Bibhav Raj

Business Trainee, Delhi

Being my first job, starting a corporate career

was like drawing my dreams on a completely

blank paper, but ICICI Prudential Life Insurance

has a tremendous working culture. Our

manager and the HR team helped us to learn

and grow in the system from scratch with

utmost support. This, coupled with platforms

such as digital sales enablers, virtual classroom training and

e-learning programmes, have ensured we can hit the ground

running from day 1.

Bhawani Nandan Jha,

Management Trainee, Dhanbad

1. digital Learning Platforms

The Company possesses a multi-platform, mobile first and customised

digital learning delivery model that caters to the needs of all employees

across levels. Accordingly, “learning at one’s pace and time” was

enabled via Learner’s Box. This was the go-to system for frontline

sales employees to access domain-specific programmes and undergo

testing and certification. The LinkedIn Learning platform was made

available to all managers. Customised learning journeys were assigned

to employees based on individual and functional needs. Each assigned

course was linked to the Company’s Leadership Anchors. The Company

deployed AI-based learning via “My Coach” to enable sales frontline

staff to improve their pitching skills by offering machine generated

feedback on every pitch received.

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (MD & CEO).

The Head–Internal Audit reports directly to the Audit Committee of

the Board and administratively reports to the Chief Risk & Compliance

Officer. The IAD has developed a Risk Based Audit Plan (RBAP) and the

same has been approved by the Audit Committee of the Board. The

basic philosophy of RBAP is to provide reasonable assurance to the

Audit Committee of the Board and management about the adequacy

and effectiveness of the risk management and control framework

in the Company. The scope of Internal Audit includes the review of

risk management procedures, internal control systems, information

systems and governance processes. Key audit observations and

recommendations made are reported to and discussed at the Audit

Committee of the Board. Implementation of the recommendations is

actively monitored.

Compliance:

The Board Audit Committee oversees the compliance framework of

the Company. The Company has formulated various internal policies/

procedures such as the Compliance Policy, Anti- Bribery and Anti-

Corruption Policy, Anti-Money Laundering Policy and an employee code of

conduct, which govern the day-to-day activities to ensure compliance. The

compliance function disseminates the information regarding relevant laws,

regulations and circulars related to insurance and anti-money laundering

to various functions. It also serves as a reference point for the staff of

various functions for seeking clarifications on applicable laws, regulations

and circulars issued on these aspects. The compliance team also monitors

the adequacy of the compliance framework across the Company with the

Internal Audit function through an integrated risk based audit plan. Key

issues observed as a part of this monitoring are reported to the Board

Audit Committee and implementation of recommendations is actively

monitored. A compliance certificate signed by the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO regarding compliance with

the Code by all the Directors and senior management forms part of the

Annual Report.

Policy for determining material subsidiaries

In accordance with the requirements of the Listing Regulations, the

Company has formulated a policy for determining material subsidiaries

and the same has been hosted on the website of the Company

(https://www.iciciprulife.com/about-us/corporate-policies.html).

board of Directors

The Company’s Board is constituted in compliance with the CA2013, in

accordance with Listing Regulations and IRDAI Corporate Governance

Guidelines, 2016. At March 31, 2021, the Board comprised of five

independent Directors, three non-executive Directors, and the Managing

Director & CEO. Out of three non-executive Directors, two Directors are

nominated by ICICI Bank Limited and one by Prudential Corporation Holdings

Limited. The Chairman of the Board is an Independent Director. Except the: Managing Director & CEO, all other Directors including the

Managing Director & CEO

00066009

Bachelor of Engineering (Honours) from NIT

Trichy, Post-Graduate Diploma in Management

from IIM Bangalore, Chartered Financial Analyst

from ICFAI

Finance

&

accountancy,

banking, insurance, strategy

and corporate planning, risk

management and securities

market

*Appointed as a non-executive (Additional) Director of the Company w.e.f August 29, 2020

The Board of Directors at their meeting held on August 28, 2020 had appointed Mr. Wilfred John Blackburn (DIN: 08753207) as a non-executive (Additional)

Director with effect from August 29, 2020 to hold office up to the next annual general meeting of the Company.

Accordingly, based on the recommendation of the Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board has recommended the appointment of Mr.

Blackburn as non-executive Director of the Company for the approval of the members through an ordinary resolution to be passed at the 21st AGM of the

Company. His brief profile and other details as required under the CA2013 and Listing Regulations pertaining to his appointment are provided in the Notice

of 21st AGM of the Company and the explanatory statement under section 102 of the CA2013, annexed to it.:

Managing Director & CEO*

12/12

Present

Mr. Puneet Nanda, Deputy Managing Director3 *

4/4

-

1 Ceased to be a non-executive Director of the Company from the close of business hours on August 28, 2020 i.e. with effect from August 29, 2020

2 Appointed as a non-executive (Additional) Director of the Company w.e.f August 29, 2020

3 Ceased to be the wholetime Director of the Company w.e.f. June 15, 2020

*Attended one meeting on April 25, 2020 but being interested in the agenda item, recused themselves from participating in the discussion of the same.

The details pertaining to other directorships of the Board of Directors of the Company as on March 31, 2021 are set out below:

Name of the Director

Number of other directorships

Number of other committee

memberships3

(Audit Committee and

stakeholders relationship

Committee of Indian public

limited companies)

Names of other listed entities

where the person is a director and

category of directorship

of Indian public

limited companies1

of other

companies2

Non-executive

non-independent Directors

Mr. Anup Bagchi, non-executive

Director nominated by ICICI Bank

Limited

5(2)

0

1

1. ICICI Bank Limited, Executive

Director

2. ICICI Securities Limited, Non-

Executive - Non Independent

Director

3. ICICI Home Finance Company

Limited (Debt Listed) - Director

Mr. Sandeep Batra, non-executive

Director nominated by ICICI Bank

Limited

4

2(1)

2(1)

1. ICICI Bank Limited, Executive

Director

2. ICICI Lombard General Insurance

Company Limited, Non-Executive -

Non Independent Director

1. Comprises of other public limited companies incorporated in India. Figures in parentheses indicate Board chairpersonship by the Directors in other unlisted public

companies.

2. Comprises of private limited companies incorporated in India and foreign companies but excludes Section 8 companies and not for profit foreign companies. Figures in

parentheses indicate Board chairpersonship.

3. Figures in parentheses indicate committee chairmanship including alternate chairpersonship.:

Managing Director &

CEO, Other Wholetime Directors, non-executive Directors, Key

Management Person (KMP), Senior Management Personnel (SMP)

and other employees.

Further details with respect to the Compensation policy are provided

under the section titled “Compensation & Benefit policy”, which

has also been hosted on the website of the Company and can

be accessed on the link: https://www.iciciprulife.com/about-us/

corporate-policies.html.:

Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer/

wholetime Directors of Insurers (IRDAI Guidelines) issued vide

reference no. IRDA/F&A/GDL/LSTD/155/08/2016 dated August

5, 2016 requires the Company to make following disclosures on

remuneration on an annual basis in their Annual Report:

Compensation policy and practices

1.

Qualitative disclosures

a.

Information relating to the design and structure of

remuneration processes and the key features and

objectives of remuneration policy.

(i)

Name and mandate of the main body overseeing remuneration

The Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee (BNRC/

Committee) is the body which oversees aspects pertaining

to remuneration. The functions of the Committee include

identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors

and who may be appointed in senior management in

accordance with the criteria laid down and recommending

to the Board their appointment and removal and formulating

a criteria and specifying the manner for effective evaluation

of every individual director’s performance, evaluation of the

performance of the Board and its committees, and reviewing

its implementation and compliance; considering to extend

or continue the term of appointment of the Independent

Director, on the basis of the report of performance evaluation

of Independent Directors; recommending to the Board a

policy relating to the remuneration for the Directors, key

managerial personnel and other employees; recommending

to the Board all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to

senior management; ensuring that the level and composition

of remuneration is reasonable and sufficient to attract,

retain and motivate Directors of the quality required to run

the Company successfully; ensuring that the relationship of

remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate

performance benchmarks; approving the compensation

program and ensuring that remuneration to Directors, key

managerial personnel and senior management involves a

balance between fixed and incentive pay reflecting short

and long term performance objectives appropriate to the

working of the Company and its goals; formulating the

criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and

independence of a Director; devising a policy on diversity of

the Board; considering and approving employee stock option

schemes and administering and supervising the same.

(ii)

External consultants whose advice has been sought, the body

by which they were commissioned and in what areas of the

remuneration process

The Company engaged the services of reputed consulting

firms for market benchmarking in the area of compensation.

(iii)

Scope of the Company’s remuneration policy (eg. by regions,

business lines), including the extent to which it is applicable

to foreign subsidiaries and branches

The Company’s Policy on Compensation & Benefits

(“Compensation Policy”) for: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO and other wholetime Directors, to ensure effective alignment of compensation with prudent risk parameters, the Company takes into

account various risk parameters along with other pre-defined performance objectives of the Company.

2.

Quantitative Disclosures

The following table sets forth, for the period indicated, the details of quantitative disclosure for remuneration of wholetime Directors (including: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Mumbai

DIN: 00066009

CerTIFICATIoN For CoMPLIANCe oF The CorPorATe GoVerNANCe GuIDeLINes

I, Sonali Chandak, hereby certify that the Company has, for the financial year ended March 31, 2021, complied with the requirements stipulated under

the corporate governance guidelines of Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India as amended from time to time and nothing has been

concealed or suppressed.

soNALI ChANDAK

April 19, 2021

Company Secretary

Mumbai

ACS 18108:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

ANNeXure A’

To

The Members,

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

ICICI Prulife Towers 1089

Appasaheb Marathe Marg Prabhadevi

Mumbai - 400025

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the

management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done

on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable

laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future

viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

Practicing Company Secretaries

Makarand Joshi

Partner

FCS No. 5533

CP No. 3662 UDIN: F005533C000133177

Peer Review No: P2009MH007000

Place: Mumbai

Date: April 19, 2021:

letter dated 20 July 2020.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

(“the Company”), for the year ended 31 March 2021, as stipulated

in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and

paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time (“Listing

Regulations”) pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the Company

with Stock Exchanges.

Management’s responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated

under the Listing Regulations is the responsibility of the Company’s

Management including the preparation and maintenance of all the

relevant records and documents. This responsibility includes the design,

implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures

to ensure the compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance

stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s responsibility

4.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, our

responsibility is to provide a reasonable assurance in form of

opinion whether the Company has complied with the conditions of

Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for the

year ended 31 March 2021.

5.

Our responsibility was limited to examination of the procedures

and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring

the compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance.

It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial

statements of the Company.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance

compliance by the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note

on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and

Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance both issued

by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”), in

so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate. The Guidance

Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the

Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

Auditor’s responsibility (Continued)

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the

Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that

Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and

Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

opinion

8.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the

explanations given to us, we certify that the Company has complied

with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the

above-mentioned Listing Regulations for the year ended 31 March

2021.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the

future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

restriction on use

10.

The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the

Company solely for the purpose of enabling the Company to comply with

the requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not be used for any

other purpose without our prior consent. Accordingly, we do not accept or

assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose without our

prior consent in writing.

.

For b s r & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm’s Registration

No: 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Registration

No: 001076N/N500013

sagar Lakhani

Khushroo b. Panthaky

Partner

Partner

Membership No: 111855

Membership No: 42423

UDIN: 21111855AAAABM3136

UDIN: 21042423AAAACY2854

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: April 19, 2021

Date: April 19, 2021

Independent Auditor’s Certificate on Compliance with the Corporate Governance requirements under securities and

exchange board of India (Listing obligations and Disclosure requirements) regulations, 2015:

managing director & Ceo

iCiCi Foundation for inclusive Growth

member- Governing

Council

-

136,965

8

puneet nanda

(ceased to be

director w.e.f June

15, 2020)

deputy: managing director

iCiCi prudential life insurance Company

limited employees

provident Fund trust

trustee

191,735

196,246

iCiCi prudential life insurance

Company limited employees’ Group

Gratuity Cum life insurance scheme

managing director and Ceo

din:00066009

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary

place: mumbai

date: april 19, 2021:

letter dated 20 July 2020 with iCiCi prudential life

insurance Company limited (the “Company”).

2.

this certificate is issued to comply with the provisions of paragraphs 3

and 4 of schedule C read with regulation 3 of the insurance regulatory

and development authority (preparation of Financial statements and

auditor’s report of insurance Companies) regulations 2002, (the “irda

Financial statements regulations”).

management’S ReSPonSiBility

3.

the Company’s Board of directors is responsible for complying with

the provisions of the insurance act, 1938 (amended by the insurance

laws (amendment) act 2015) (the “insurance act”), the insurance

regulatory and development authority act, 1999 (the “irda act”),

the irda Financial statements regulations, orders/directions/circulars

issued by the insurance regulatory and development authority of india

(the “irdai”) which includes the preparation and maintenance of books

of accounts and management report. this includes collecting, collating

and validating data and designing, implementing and monitoring of

internal controls suitable for ensuring the aforesaid and applying an

appropriate basis of preparation that are reasonable in the circumstances

and providing all relevant information to the irdai.

auditoR’S ReSPonSiBility

4.

pursuant to the requirements of the irda Financial statements

regulations, it is our responsibility to obtain reasonable assurance

and form an opinion based on our audit and examination of books of

accounts and other records maintained by the Company as to whether

the Company has complied with the matters contained in paragraphs 3

and 4 of schedule C read with regulation 3 of irda Financial statements

regulations as of and for the year ended 31 march 2021.

5.

We conducted our examination in accordance with the Guidance Note

on reports or Certificates for special purposes (revised 2016) (the

“Guidance Note”) issued by ICAI. The Guidance Note requires that we

comply with the independence and other ethical requirements of the

Code of ethics issued by the iCai.

6.

we have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the

standard on Quality Control (“sQC”) 1, Quality Control for Firms that

perform audits and reviews of Historical Financial information, and

other assurance and related services engagements.

oPinion

7.

in accordance with information and explanations given to us and to the

best of our knowledge and belief and based on our audit and examination

of the books of account and other records maintained by the Company

for the year ended 31 march 2021, we certify that:

a.

we have reviewed the management report attached to the

standalone financial statements for year ended 31 march 2021,

and on the basis of our review, there is no apparent mistake or

material inconsistencies in the management report read with

the standalone financial statements;

b.

Based on management representations and compliance

certificates submitted to the Board of directors by the officers

of the Company charged with compliance and the same being

noted by the Board, nothing has come to our attention that

causes us to believe that the Company has not complied with

the terms and conditions of registration as stipulated by the

irdai;

c.

we have verified the cash balances as at 31 march 2021, to

the extent considered necessary, with the books of accounts

by actual inspection or management certificates received. For

securities relating to the Company’s loans and investments as

at 31 march 2021, we have verified the confirmations received

from the Custodian/ depository participants appointed by the

Company or from counterparties, with the books of accounts,

as the case may be. as at 31 march 2021, the Company does

not have reversions and life interests;

d.

the Company is not the trustee of any trust; and

e.

no part of the assets of the policyholders’ Funds has been

directly or indirectly applied in contravention to the provisions of

the insurance act relating to the application and investments of

the policyholders’ Funds.

ReStRiction on uSe

8.

this certificate is issued at the request of the Company, solely for

inclusion in the annual accounts of the Company in order to comply with

the provisions of paragraphs 3 and 4 of schedule C read with regulation

3 of the irda Financial statements regulations and is not intended to be

and should not be used for any other purpose without our prior consent.

accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care

for any other purpose.

independent auditor’s certificate

independent auditor’s certificate referred to paragraph 1 under ‘Report on other legal and Regulatory Requirements’

forming part of the independent auditor’s Report dated 19 april 2021

For B S R & co. llP

Chartered Accountants

For Walker chandiok & co llP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Registration No: 001076N/N500013

Sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Partner

Partner

Membership No: 111855

Membership No: 042423

UDIN: 21111855AAAABK8695

UDIN: 21042423AAAACW7640

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 19 April 2021

Date: 19 April 2021:

letter dated 20 July 2020 with iCiCi prudential life

insurance Company limited (the “Company”), wherein as per the

requirements of the schedule i(B)(11)(d) to the insurance regulatory

and development authority of india (investment) regulations, 2016

dated 1 august 2016 (the “regulations”), we are required to issue a

certificate regarding the application of the net asset value (“nav”)

for applications received on 31 march 2021.

management’S ReSPonSiBility

2.

the preparation and maintenance of all accounting and other

relevant supporting records and documents is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. this responsibility includes

the design, implementation and maintenance of internal controls

relevant to the application of nav for applications received on 31

march 2021.

3.

the management is also responsible for ensuring that the Company

complies with the requirements of the regulations and provide

all relevant information to insurance regulatory and development

authority of india.

auditoR’S ReSPonSiBility

4.

pursuant to the requirements of this certificate, our responsibility is

to provide reasonable assurance as to whether:

(a)

the applications received on 31 march 2021 upto 3.00

p.m. have been stamped and processed with nav of

31 march 2021;

(b)

the applications received on 31 march 2021 after 3.00

p.m. have been stamped and processed with nav of

1 april 2021; and

(c)

the Company has declared nav for 31 march 2021 which

is a business day, on a basis consistent with its accounting

policies as disclosed in its audited standalone financial

statements for the year ended 31 march 2021.

5.

we have jointly audited the standalone financial statements of the

Company as of and for the financial year ended 31 march 2021,

on which we issued an unmodified audit opinion vide our audit

report dated 19 april 2021. our audit of these standalone financial

statements was conducted in accordance with the standards on

auditing specified under section 143(10) of the Companies act,

2013 and other applicable authoritative pronouncements issued

by the institute of Chartered accountants of india (the “iCai”).

those standards require that we plan and perform the audit

to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone

financial statements are free of material misstatement. our

audit was not planned and performed in connection with any

transactions to identify matters that may be of potential interest

to third parties.

6.

in this connection, we have performed the following procedures:

(a)

obtained the list of applications for new business, renewal

premium, top up, surrender, Freelook cancellation, Fund

switches, withdrawal and partial withdrawal received in

respect of unit linked products on 31 march 2021 (together

referred to as “application Forms”) from the Company;

(b)

selected samples of application Forms from listing

mentioned in paragraph 6(a) above and verified whether:

i)

the applications received on 31 march 2021 upto

3.00 p.m. have been appropriately stamped and

processed with nav of 31 march 2021;

ii)

the applications received on 31 march 2021 after

3.00 p.m. have been appropriately stamped and

processed with nav of 1 april 2021; and

iii)

the nav applied for applications received on 31

march 2021 is traced to the respective nav declared

by the Company.

(c)

we have read the certificate dated 8 april 2021 of the

Concurrent auditor of the Company, m/s. majithia &

associates, Chartered accountants which has been

furnished to us certifying compliance with regulation 5 of

schedule i(B); and

(d)

obtained representation from the management that the

Company has declared 31 march 2021 as a business day

for accepting application Forms and that it has declared

nav for 31 march 2021.

independent auditor’s certificate

independent auditor’s certificate in accordance with Schedule i(B)(11)(d) of the insurance Regulatory and development

authority of india (investment) Regulations, 2016 dated 1 august 2016.

170

155 Management Report

163 Independent Auditors’ Report and Certificates

172 Revenue Account

174 Profit and Loss Account

175 Balance Sheet:

managing director & Ceo

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 07225354

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

Sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Sonali chandak

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary

Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 19, 2021:

managing director & Ceo

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 07225354

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

Sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Sonali chandak

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary

Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 19, 2021

Revenue account

for year ended march 31, 2020

FoRm a-Ra

iCiCi prudential life insurance Company limited

regn.no. 105 dated 24.11.2000

PolicyholdeRS’ account (technical account)

(` ‘000)

Particulars

Schedule

Par life

Par

Pension

non Par

life

non Par

Pension

non Par

Variable

non Par

Variable

Pension

annuity

non Par

health

linked

life

linked

Pension

linked

health

linked

group

life

linked

group

Pension

total

Premiums earned (net of goods & Service tax)

(a) premium

1

40,013,958

194,464

46,997,293

250,000

1,386,843

1,170,000

10,430,448

358,390

208,130,999

2,921,020

798,484

19,414,519

2,240,620

334,307,038

(b) reinsurance ceded- refer note 2.3.2 of schedule 16

(37,023)

(34)

(4,595,375)

-

-

-

(76)

(74,984)

(450,298)

(73)

(359,664)

(3)

-

(5,517,530)

(c) reinsurance accepted-refer note 2.3.3 of schedule 16

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Sub-total

39,976,935

194,430

42,401,918

250,000

1,386,843

1,170,000

10,430,372

283,406 207,680,701

2,920,947

438,820

19,414,516

2,240,620

328,789,508

income from investments -

refer note 2.3.4 & 3.23 of schedule 16

(a) Interest, dividend & rent - Gross

10,575,752

819,649

13,468,162

-

142,470

87,856

2,990,645

23,960

24,777,773

3,097,087

316,500

2,587,559

1,881,411

60,768,824

(b) profit on sale/redemption of investments

2,904,922

258,191

4,467,706

-

865

10,055

2,022,073

3,738

51,729,898

12,699,051

780,162

1,214,847

878,007

76,969,515

(c) (loss) on sale/redemption of investments

(1,326,121)

(40,438)

(1,767,175)

-

(7,216)

(1,355)

(3,781)

-

(42,068,126)

(4,113,182)

(499,379)

(433,036)

(391,406)

(50,651,215)

(d) transfer/gain on revaluation/change in fair value*

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

- (194,109,510)

(22,066,348)

(2,014,674)

(825,722)

(856,856)

(219,873,110)

(e) accretion of discount/(amortisation of premium) (net)

(35,348)

(17,761)

45,334

-

(2,214)

(491)

(713)

192

6,834,003

265,523

12,386

168,988

347,466

7,617,365

Sub-total

12,119,205

1,019,641

16,214,027

-

133,905

96,065

5,008,224

27,890 (152,835,962) (10,117,869)

(1,405,005)

2,712,636

1,858,622 (125,168,621)

other income

Contribution from the shareholders' account

(refer note 3.51 of schedule 16)

- towards excess of expense of management

-

-

4,435,307

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

4,435,307

- towards deficit funding and others

-

-

10,430,432

2,411

8,163

2,209

-

74,083

-

-

-

17,486

-

10,534,784

income on unclaimed amount of policyholders

(refer note 2.22 & 3.5 of schedule 16)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

427,609

-

-

-

-

427,609

Fees and charges - refer note 2.3.6 of schedule 16

167,408

155

192,961

-

-

-

-

135

447

-

-

-

-

361,106

miscellaneous income

1,972

11

2,238

39

96

20

455

18

9,709

136

41

453

80

15,268

Sub-total

169,380

166

15,060,938

2,450

8,259

2,229

455

74,236

437,765

136

41

17,939

80

15,774,074

total (a)

52,265,520

1,214,237

73,676,883

252,450

1,529,007

1,268,294

15,439,051

385,532

55,282,504

(7,196,786)

(966,144)

22,145,091

4,099,322

219,394,961

Commission

2

3,112,133

1,827

3,926,306

500

100

-

75,442

26,770

8,697,059

15,561

3,695

851

-

15,860,244

operating expenses related to insurance business

3

3,327,249

13,529

14,221,088

1,079

14,421

11,702

208,870

129,507

10,122,615

208,060

54,970

126,942

28,671

28,468,703

provision for doubtful debts - refer note 2.8 of schedule 16

(843)

(17)

(3,504)

-

-

-

(133)

(240)

(2,272)

(231)

(78)

-

-

(7,318)

Bad debts written off

5,445

27

6,518

-

31

4

265

304

13,320

308

111

46

13

26,392

provisions (other than taxation)

-

(a) For diminution in the value of investments (net)

(refer 3.27 of schedule 16)

783,008

8,079

1,341,266

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

2,132,353

(b) others

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Goods & Service Tax charge on linked charges

(refer note 2.16.2 of schedule 16)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

5,881,815

299,726

171,891

95,394

85,119

6,533,945

total (B)

7,226,992

23,445

19,491,674

1,579

14,552

11,706

284,444

156,341

24,712,537

523,424

230,589

223,233

113,803

53,014,319

Benefits paid (net)

4

8,257,029

1,510,727

6,649,382

-

454,289

496,562

2,535,958

31,982

117,871,686

30,759,245

407,111

19,754,541

4,297,937

193,026,449

interim bonus paid

737,571

1,979

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

739,550

Change in valuation of policy liabilities

(refer note 2.10 & 3.2 of schedule 16)

-

(a) Gross**

32,103,188

(337,205)

111,105,829

250,871

1,060,166

760,026

11,901,823

560,914

(791,512)

149,431

(393,942)

31,748

(413)

156,400,924

(b) amount ceded in reinsurance

-

-

(68,005,309)

-

-

-

-

(363,705)

-

-

-

-

-

(68,369,014)

(c) amount accepted in reinsurance

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(d) Fund reserve

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

- (116,248,529)

(39,994,725)

(2,072,822)

2,135,569

(450,495)

(156,631,002)

(e) Funds for discontinued policies

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

17,936,094

93,653

-

-

-

18,029,747

total (c)

41,097,788

1,175,501

49,749,902

250,871

1,514,455

1,256,588

14,437,781

229,191

18,767,739

(8,992,396)

(2,059,653)

21,921,858

3,847,029

143,196,654

Surplus/(deficit) (d) =(a)-(B)-(c)

3,940,740

15,291

4,435,307

-

-

-

716,826

-

11,802,228

1,272,186

862,920

-

138,490

23,183,988

provision for taxation - refer note 2.16.1 & 3.7 of schedule 16

(a) Current tax credit/(charge)

(1,313,915)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(1,313,915)

(b) deferred tax credit/(charge)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(446)

-

-

-

-

(446)

Surplus/(deficit) after tax

2,626,825

15,291

4,435,307

-

-

-

716,826

-

11,801,782

1,272,186

862,920

-

138,490

21,869,627

appropriations

transfer to shareholders' account

629,579

22,887

4,435,307

-

-

-

716,826

-

11,804,844

1,276,238

862,920

-

138,490

19,887,091

transfer to other reserves

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Balance being funds for future appropriation

1,997,246

(7,596)

-

-

-

-

-

-

(3,062)

(4,052)

-

-

-

1,982,536

total

2,626,825

15,291

4,435,307

-

-

-

716,826

-

11,801,782

1,272,186

862,920

-

138,490

21,869,627

details of Surplus after tax

(a) interim bonuses paid

737,571

1,979

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

739,550

(b) allocation of bonus to policyholders'

4,928,634

204,001

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

5,132,635

(c) surplus shown in the revenue account

2,626,825

15,291

4,435,307

-

-

-

716,826

-

11,801,782

1,272,186

862,920

-

138,490

21,869,627

total Surplus

8,293,030

221,271

4,435,307

-

-

-

716,826

-

11,801,782

1,272,186

862,920

-

138,490

27,741,812

Funds for future appropriation

(refer note 2.11 & 3.3 of schedule 16)

opening balance as at april 1, 2019

7,688,081

2,648,874

-

-

-

-

-

-

3,062

4,052

-

-

-

10,344,069

add: Current period appropriation

1,997,246

(7,596)

-

-

-

-

-

-

(3,062)

(4,052)

-

-

-

1,982,536

Balance carried forward to Balance Sheet

9,685,327

2,641,278

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

12,326,605

Significant accounting policies & notes

16

* represents the deemed realised gain as per norms specified by the authority

** represents mathematical reserves after allocation of bonus:

managing director & Ceo

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 07225354

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

Sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Sonali chandak

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary

Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 19, 2021:

managing director & Ceo

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 07225354

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

Sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Sonali chandak

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary

Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 19, 2021:

managing director & Ceo

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 07225354

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

Sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Sonali chandak

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary

Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 19, 2021:

managing director and Ceo

puneet nanda, deputy: managing director (upto June 14, 2020)

asha murali, appointed actuary

managing director (‘md’) /Chief executive officer (‘Ceo’) /

whole time directors (‘wtd’), which have prescribed certain qualitative

and quantitative disclosures. the disclosures for year ended march 31,

2021 are given below:

Remuneration to md/ceo/Wtd:

qualitative disclosures:

a) information relating to the bodies that oversee remuneration.

name, composition and mandate of the main body overseeing

remuneration:

the Board nomination and remuneration Committee (BnrC/Committee)

is the body which oversees aspects pertaining to remuneration. the

functions of the Committee include identifying persons who are qualified

to become directors and who may be appointed in senior management in

accordance with the criteria laid down and recommending to the Board

their appointment and removal and formulating a criteria and specifying the

manner for effective evaluation of every individual director’s performance,

evaluation of the performance of the Board and its committees, and

reviewing its implementation and compliance; considering to extend or

continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on the

basis of the report of performance evaluation of independent directors;

recommending to the Board a policy relating to the remuneration for the

directors, key managerial personnel and other employees; recommending

to the Board all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior

management; ensuring that the level and composition of remuneration

is reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate directors of

the quality required to run the Company successfully; ensuring that the

relationship of remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate

performance benchmarks; approving the compensation program and

ensuring that remuneration to directors, key managerial personnel and

senior management involves a balance between fixed and incentive

pay reflecting short and long term performance objectives appropriate

to the working of the Company and its goals; formulating the criteria

for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence

of a director; devising a policy on diversity of the Board; considering

and approving employee stock option schemes and administering and

supervising the same.

external consultants whose advice has been sought, the body

by which they were commissioned and in what areas of the

remuneration process:

the Company employed the services of reputed consulting firms for market

benchmarking in the area of compensation.

Scope of the company’s remuneration policy (e.g. by regions,

business lines), including the extent to which it is applicable to

foreign subsidiaries and branches:

the Company’s policy on Compensation & Benefits (“Compensation

policy”) for: managing director & Ceo, other wholetime directors, non-

executive directors, Key management person (Kmp), senior management

personnel (smp) and other employees was last amended and approved by

the BnrC and the Board at its meeting held on august 28, 2020.

type of employees covered and number of such employees:

all employees of the Company are governed by the Compensation policy.

the total number of permanent employees governed by the Compensation

policy of the Company at march 31, 2021 was 14,413.

managing director and Ceo (md & Ceo) and other wholetime

directors is reviewed and approved by the BnrC and the Board. the BnrC

and the Board approves the Key performance indicators (Kpis) and the

performance threshold for payment of performance bonus, if applicable.

the BnrC assesses business performance against the Kpis. Based

on its assessment, it makes recommendations to the Board regarding

compensation for md & Ceo and other wholetime directors, performance

bonus and long-term pay for all eligible employees, including senior

management and key management persons.

alignment of compensation philosophy with prudent risk taking:

the Company seeks to achieve a prudent mix of fixed and variable pay,

with a higher proportion of variable pay at senior levels. For the md &

Ceo and other wholetime directors, compensation is sought to be aligned

to both pre-defined performance objectives of the Company as well as

prudent risk parameters. in addition, the Company has an employees

stock option scheme aimed at enabling employees to participate in the

long-term growth and financial success of the Company through stock

option grants that vest over a period of time.

Whether the Remuneration committee reviewed the firm’s

remuneration policy during the past year, and if so, an overview of

any changes that were made:

the BnrC reviewed the Company’s Compensation and Benefits policy (the

policy) at its meetings held on July 13, 2020 and august 28, 2020. the key

changes in the policy are:

•

In line with the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority

of india (irdai) circular dated June 30, 2020 highlighting that the

monetary value of perquisites including retiral benefits should have

monetary ceilings and are accounted for as part of Fixed pay, the

nomenclature of the compensation elements and the definition of

Fixed pay for the md & Ceo and other wtds have been amended

to include non-cash benefits and perquisites, contribution towards

superannuation/ retirals and any other form of non-cash benefits

& perquisites including reimbursable benefits & perquisites with

monetary ceilings. accordingly, the definition of variable pay has

also been consequently amended.

•

Methodology of valuing stock options has been incorporated for clarity.

•

The clause for Guaranteed bonus & Severance pay for Whole-time

directors has been modified to strengthen governance.

•

The clause on review of compensation for the MD & CEO and other

whole-time directors has been modified for better clarity and in line

with the irdai circular dated June 30, 2020.

•

The current list of non-cash benefits and perquisites provided to

employees including Kmps/smps has been included in the list of

non-cash benefits and perquisites.

•

A section related to compensation for non-executive Independent

director as Chairman/Chairperson of the Company, if any, has been

incorporated into the policy. the remuneration payable in the case of an

independent director being the Chairman/Chairperson of the Company

has been outlined in the policy to enable providing administrative

support to the Chairman, and in accordance with the provisions of the

extant applicable regulatory and statutory requirements.

•

The frequency for the review of the Compensation Policy has been

incorporated.

description of the ways in which current and future risks are

taken into account in the remuneration processes.

•

The Company follows prudent compensation practices under the

guidance of the Board and the Board nominations & remuneration

Committee (BnrC). the Company’s approach to compensation

is based on the ethos of meritocracy and fairness within the

framework of prudent risk management. the performance rating

assigned to employees is based on assessment of performance

delivered against a set of defined performance objectives. these

objectives are balanced in nature and comprise a holistic mix of

financial, customer, people, process, quality, compliance objectives

and/or any other parameters as may be deemed fit.

•

For the MD & CEO and other wholetime Directors, compensation is

sought to be aligned to both pre-defined performance objectives of

the Company as well as prudent risk parameters.

•

For the MD & CEO and other wholetime Directors, the quantum of

bonus does not exceed a certain percentage (as stipulated in the

Compensation policy) of total fixed pay in a year; if the quantum of

bonus exceeds a pre-defined percentage of the total fixed pay, a

part of the bonus is deferred and paid over a pre-defined period.

•

The deferred part of the variable pay (performance bonus) for

wholetime directors is subject to malus, under which, the Company

will prevent vesting of all or part of the variable pay in the event of

an enquiry determining gross negligence or integrity breach.

•

In claw back arrangements with wholetime Directors, the employee

agrees to return, in case asked for, the previously paid variable pay to

the Company in the event of an enquiry determining gross negligence

or integrity breach, taking into account relevant regulatory stipulations.:

managing director & Ceo of iCiCi prudential

life insurance Company limited

iCiCi prudential life insurance Company limited

(: managing director & Ceo)

service

iCiCi prudential pension Funds management

limited (non-executive director &

letter dated February 18, 2021 in relation to tax charged to

participating line of business in Fy2014-15. (year ended march 31, 2020: ` nil)

3.52. Potential impact due to outbreak of coVid-19

Business operations

the rapid global outbreak of the Corona virus (Covid-19) pandemic has also impacted india and as the companies in india approached their year-end, there

was an urgent need to activate the Business Continuity plan (BCp) to enable employees to work from home (wFH).

the facility to wFH was provided to the employees of the Company only through Company systems, which are hardened and are configured with requisite

data security controls. the usual operations of the Company are carried out through remote location/ wFH via secured servers.

there have been no material changes in the controls or processes followed in the financial statement closing process of the Company. the Company has

tested all the material controls over financial reporting as at march 31, 2021 and found them to be operating effectively.

Valuation of investment assets

the investment assets for the Company primarily include assets held to cover linked liability, assets for participating policyholder, assets for non-participating

(investment) policyholder, assets for other non-participating policyholders and assets pertaining to shareholders’.:

managing director & Ceo

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 07225354

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

Sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

Sonali chandak

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary

Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 19, 2021:

managing director and Ceo

din:00943629

din:03620913

din:00066009

____________________

______________________

________________________

R. K. nair

Satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

director

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary

din: 07225354

____________________

Sonali chandak

Company secretary

place: mumbai

date: april 19, 2021:

managing director & Ceo

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 07225354

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

sonali chandak

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary

Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 19, 2021:

managing director & Ceo

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 07225354

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

sonali chandak

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary

Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 19, 2021:

managing director & Ceo

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 07225354

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

sonali chandak

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary

Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 19, 2021:

managing director & Ceo

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 07225354

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

sonali chandak

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary

Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 19, 2021:

managing director & Ceo

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 07225354

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

sonali chandak

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary

Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 19, 2021:

managing director and Ceo

puneet nanda, deputy: managing director (upto June 14, 2020)

asha murali, appointed actuary

Relatives of Key management personnel as per as-18 disclosure

nature of relationship

name of the related party

Relatives of KmP

mr. n. s. Kannan

mr. puneet nanda (upto June 14,

2020)

ms. asha murali

spouse

Kumudalakshmi rangarajan

deepti nanda

p.a. murali

Parent

narayanan sudha

Kul Bhushan nanda

p.s. nagaraj

asha nanda

Brother/ sister

narayanan raghunathan

pankaj nanda

rekha somayajula

narayanan rangarajan

Krishna nagaraj

children

aditi Kannan

rikhil nanda

rajiv murali

rishita nanda

schedules

forming part of consolidated financial statements (continued)

managing director & Ceo

iCai Firm reg. no. 101248w/w-100022

iCai Firm reg. no. 001076n / n500013

din: 00943629

din: 07225354

din: 03620913

din: 00066009

sagar lakhani

Khushroo B. Panthaky

satyan Jambunathan

asha murali

sonali chandak

partner

partner

Chief Financial officer

appointed actuary

Company secretary

membership no. 111855

membership no. 042423

place : mumbai

date : april 19, 2021:

letter from iCiCi

prudential, stating that, to the best of iCiCi prudential’s knowledge, the

data and information provided to us is accurate and complete and that

there are no material inaccuracies or omissions therein.

an actuarial assessment of the components of value of a life insurance

company will not necessarily be consistent with the value of a life

insurance company or a portfolio in the open market and should not be

interpreted in that manner.

the results are based on a series of assumptions as to future operating

experience. it should be recognised that actual experience will differ from

these assumptions on account of changes in the operating and economic

environment and natural variations in experience. to the extent that actual

experience is different from the assumptions, the future projected profits

from which the results are derived will also differ. the report includes

various sensitivity results to illustrate how vulnerable the iev and vnB

results are to changes in assumptions for the key risks. the results shown

are presented at the valuation dates stated and no warranty is given by

milliman that future experience after these valuation dates will be in line

with the assumptions made.

milliman is not a tax expert and is not able to provide tax or accounting

advice. accordingly, it is acknowledged that no reliance will be placed

on milliman, its partners, or employees with respect to any tax or

accounting issue. the allowance for taxation reflected in the results

is based on the Company’s interpretation of applicable tax regulations.

the results do not reflect any allowance for withholding or other taxes

(if any) that may apply to the payment of future shareholder dividends

or on remittances out of india.

the results have been determined on a going concern basis, and assume

a stable economic, legal and regulatory environment going forward. any

change in the general operating environment would add a high degree of

uncertainty to the results. there is continuing uncertainty regarding the

longer-term impact of Covid-19 on the economic, legal, and regulatory

environment, and the level and nature of business activity, which could

materially impact the results.

unless explicitly stated, the results do not consider any external (including

regulatory) developments after the valuation date of 31 march 2021. the

results only reflect the impact of the fast developing Covid-19 pandemic

to the extent that they reflect economic and operating conditions up to 31

march 2021.

yours faithfully,

Richard holloway fiAi

partner:

Managing Director & CEO

(b)

Details of the BR head

Sr. No.

Particulars

Details

1

DIN (if applicable)

NA

2

Name

Mr. Judhajit Das

3

Designation

Chief- Human Resources

4

Telephone number

022-50391799

5

E-mail id

judhajit.das@iciciprulife.com

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies

The NVGs on social, environmental and economic responsibilities of business prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs advocates the nine

principles (detailed below) as P1-P9 to be followed:

P1

Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability.

P2

Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout their life cycle.

P3

Businesses should promote the well-being of all employees.

P4

Businesses should respect the interests of, and be responsive towards all stakeholders, especially those who are disadvantaged, vul-

nerable and marginalized.

P5

Businesses should respect and promote human rights.

P6

Business should respect, protect, and make efforts to restore the environment.

P7

Businesses, when engaged in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible manner.

P8

Businesses should support inclusive growth and equitable development.

P9

Businesses should engage with and provide value to their customers and consumers in a responsible manner.

(a)

Details of compliance (Reply in Y/N)

No.

Questions

P1

(Please

refer

Note

P1)

P2

(Please

refer

Note

P2)

P3

(Please

refer

Note

P3)

P4

(Please

refer

Note

P4)

P5

(Please

refer

Note

P5)

P6

(Please

refer

Note

P6)

P7

(Please

refer

Note

P7)

P8

(Please

refer

Note

P8)

P9

(Please

refer

Note

P9)

1

Do you have a policy/ policies for....?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

N

N

Y

Y

2

Has the policy been formulated

in consultation with the relevant

stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

-

Y

Y

3

Does the policy conform to any

national / international standards? If

yes, specify? (50 words)

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

-

Y

Y

4

Has the policy been approved by the

Board?* If yes, has it been signed by

MD/ owner/ CEO/ appropriate Board

Director?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

-

Y

Y

5

Does

the

Company

have

a

specified committee of the Board/

Director/ Official to oversee the

implementation of the policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

-

Y

Y

6

Indicate the link for the policy to be

viewed online?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

-

Y

Y:

