Managing Director & CEO of the

Company, be paid the following remuneration with

effect from April 1, 2021:

Basic Salary:

` 2,44,67,040/- per annum effective April 1, 2021.

Allowances:

Basket of allowances that would include House Rent

Allowance, Leave Travel Allowance, Conveyance,

personal pay, Supplementary Allowance, etc. of

` 1,73,80,764/- per annum.

Performance Bonus FY2022: An amount upto

70% of Basic and allowances (target bonus), as may

be determined by the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee and the Board. If the bonus, as determined,

is greater than or equal to ` 25 lakh, 50% of the bonus

would be paid upfront and balance 50% equally

deferred over three years. Superannuation allowance

will not be considered for calculation of target bonus.

Perquisites:

Perquisites (evaluated as per Income-tax Rules,

wherever applicable and at actual cost to the

Company in other cases) like the Company Car value

of upto ` 1 Crore (once in five years), car running &

maintenance expenses on actuals, soft furnishing

allowance, telephone and internet usage at residence

or reimbursement of expenses in lieu thereof, provision

of gas, electricity and water, club memberships,

group life insurance, personal accident insurance,

medical insurance for hospitalization coverage and

domiciliary medical expenses for self and dependents,

leave and children scholarship as per employees

children scholarship scheme and interest subsidy

for housing loan for purchase of residential property

up to a maximum value of ` 8 Crore and other such

ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED

CIN: L67120MH1995PLC086241

Registered Office: ICICI Centre, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020

Tel.: 91 22 2288 2460/70; Fax: 91 22 2288 2455

Website: www.icicisecurities.com; E-mail: investors@icicisecurities.com

NOTICE:

Letter, etc. authorizing

its representative to attend the AGM through VC/

OAVM on its behalf and to vote, to the Scrutinizer at

e-mail ID: info@dholakia-associates.com with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. The scanned image

of the above mentioned documents should be in the

naming format ‘Corporate Name_EVEN.’

12. It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep

your password confidential. Login to the e-voting

website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful

attempts to key in the correct password. In such

an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot

User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset

Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.

com to reset the password.

13. Process for obtaining User ID and Password/

AGM Notice and Annual Report for those

Members whose e-mail ids are not registered:

I.

In case shares are held in physical mode,

please provide Folio No., Name and address of

shareholder, e-mail id, scanned copy of the share

certificate (front and back), self-attested scanned

copy of PAN card and self-attested scanned

copy of Aadhaar Card by e-mail to investors@

icicisecurities.com or einward.ris@kfintech.com.

II.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please

provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16

digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy

of Consolidated Account statement, self-attested

scanned copy of PAN card and self-attested

scanned copy of Aadhaar Card to investors@

icicisecurities.com.

III.

Alternatively, Member may send an e-mail request

to evoting@nsdl.co.in for obtaining User ID and

Password by providing the details mentioned in

Point (I) or (II), as the case may be.

14. In case a person has become the Member of the

Company after the dispatch of AGM Notice but on or

before the cut-off date i.e. Wednesday, August 11, 2021,

he/she may send an e-mail request to evoting@nsdl.

co.in for obtaining User ID and password by providing

the details mentioned in Point 13 (I) or 13 (II), as the case

may be. However, if he/she is already registered with

NSDL for remote e-voting, then he/she can use his/

her existing User ID and password for casting his/her

vote. If you forgot your password, you can reset your

password by using “Forgot User Details/Password?”

or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available

on www.evoting.nsdl.com. Individual Shareholders

holding securities in demat mode who acquire shares

of the Company and become Members of the Company

after sending of the Notice and hold shares as of the

cut-off date i.e. Wednesday, August 11, 2021 may

follow the steps as mentioned in point 8 above.

15. The instructions for Members for attending the

AGM through VC/OAVM are as under:

I.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend

the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL

e-voting system. Members may follow the steps

as mentioned in point 8 above. After successful

login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed

under “Join General meeting” menu against

company name. You are requested to click on VC/

OAVM link placed under “Join General Meeting”

menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available

in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN

of Company will be displayed. Please note that

the Members who do not have the User ID and:

letter mentioning name, folio

number and complete address;

b.

self-attested scanned copy of the PAN Card;

c.

self-attested scanned copy of any document (such

as AADHAAR Card, Driving Licence, Election

Identity Card, Passport) in support of the address

of the Member as registered with the Company;

d.

name and branch of Bank in which dividend is to

be received and Bank Account type;

e.

bank account number allotted by the Bank after

implementation of Core Banking Solutions;

f.

11 digit IFSC Code; and

g.

self-attested scanned copy of cancelled cheque

bearing the name of the Member or first holder,

in case shares are held jointly.

29. Members holding shares in dematerialised mode

are requested to intimate all changes pertaining to

their bank details, ECS mandates, e-mail addresses,

nominations, power of attorney, change of address/

name, etc. to their DPs only and not to the Company:

Managing Director & CEO are set out

in the Resolution at Item No. 5.

As per the requirements of Secretarial Standard 2, issued

by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, please

find appended in the Annexure forming part of the Notice,

the required details of Mr. Vijay Chandok (DIN: 01545262).

The Directors recommend the Resolution at Item No. 5 of

the accompanying Notice as an Ordinary Resolution for

approval of the Members of the Company.

Except Mr. Vijay Chandok (DIN: 01545262) and his relatives,

none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of

the Company and their relatives are in any way concerned

or interested, financially or otherwise in the passing of

resolution set out at Item No. 5 of the accompanying Notice.

The terms and conditions stated in the resolution and

information given as above may be treated as an abstract

of the terms of contract under Section 190 (1) of the Act.

Item No. 6:

The Members of the Company, at the Annual General

Meeting held on June 23, 2011, had approved the

appointment of Mr. Ajay Saraf (DIN: 00074885) as the

Whole-time Director (designated as Executive Director)

of the Company effective from May 25, 2011 upto May 24,

2016. Further, the Members of the Company, at the Annual

General Meeting held on August 25, 2016 had approved the

re-appointment of Mr. Ajay Saraf (DIN: 00074885) as the

Executive Director of the Company for a further period of

five years with effect from May 25, 2016 till May 24, 2021.

In terms of Section 160 of the Act, the Company has

received a notice in writing from a Member of the

Company proposing the re-appointment of Mr. Ajay Saraf

(DIN: 00074885) as an Executive Director of the Company.

Mr. Ajay Saraf currently heads the Investment Banking

and Institutional Broking divisions at the Company. The

Nomination & Remuneration Committee felt that Mr. Ajay

Saraf has significantly contributed towards the progress of

the Company and based on its recommendation, the Board

after taking into consideration the performance of Mr. Ajay

Saraf (DIN: 00074885), experience and contribution made

by him during his tenure as an Executive Director of the

Company, felt that the continued association of Mr. Ajay

Saraf would be beneficial to the Company and that it was

desirable to continue to avail his services as Executive

Director of the Company.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors at its meeting held

on April 21, 2021, based on the recommendation of the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee, approved the

re-appointment of Mr. Ajay Saraf (DIN: 00074885) as an

Executive Director of the Company for a further period

of five years or uptil his retirement, whichever is earlier,

with effect from May 25, 2021 till May 24, 2026 and fixed

his remuneration, subject to the approval of the Members

of the Company.

Pursuant to the provision of Section 197 of the

Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), the details of revised

remuneration of the Executive Director are set out in the

Resolution at Item No. 6.

Stock Option:

Mr. Ajay Saraf (DIN: 00074885), Executive Director, was

granted 1,36,000 stock options for FY2021 under the ICICI

Securities Limited - Employees Stock Option Scheme – 2017

(granted on April 21, 2021 for FY2021). The stock option

grants have a vesting schedule of three years, in the ratio

of 30%:30%:40% starting one year from the date of the

grant of the options. The options granted to Mr. Ajay Saraf

is 0.04% of the issued shares of the Company at the time

of grant of options.

Mr. Ajay Saraf (DIN: 00074885) is not disqualified from being

appointed as a Director, under Section 164 of the Act. As

per the requirements of Secretarial Standard 2, issued by

the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, please find

appended in the Annexure forming part of the Notice, the

required details of Mr. Ajay Saraf (DIN: 00074885).

The Directors recommend the Resolution at Item No. 6 of

the accompanying Notice as an Ordinary Resolution for

approval of the Members of the Company.

Except Mr. Ajay Saraf (DIN: 00074885) and his relatives,

none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of

the Company and their relatives are in any way concerned

or interested, financially or otherwise in the passing of

resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the accompanying Notice.

The terms and conditions stated in the resolution and

information given as above may be treated as an abstract

of the terms of contract under Section 190 (1) of the Act.:

Managing Director & CEO of ICICI Securities

Limited. Under his leadership, ICICI Securities Limited won several prestigious awards.

Other Directorships

1)

ICICI Bank Limited

2)

ICICI Home Finance Company Limited

3)

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

4)

ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited

5)

Comm Trade Services Limited

Chairmanship/Membership

of Committees in companies

in which position of Director

is held

ICICI Securities Limited:

Nomination and Remuneration Committee (Member)

ICICI Bank Limited:

Customer Service Committee (Member)

Fraud Monitoring Committee (Member)

Stakeholders Relationship Committee (Member)

Committee of Executive Directors (Member)

Committee for Identification of Wilful Defaulters/Non Co-operative borrowers (Member)

Committee of Senior Management (Member)

Asset Liability Management Committee (Member)

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (Member)

Information Technology Strategy Committee (Member)

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited:

Board Customer Service & Policy holders’ Protection Committee (Member)

Strategy Committee (Member)

Board Risk Management Committee (Member)

ICICI Home Finance Company Limited:

Asset Liability Management Committee (Chairman)

Committee of Directors (Chairman)

Management Committee (Chairman)

Board Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee (Member)

ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited:

Investment Committee (Chairman):

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Prior to joining the

Company, Mr. Chandok served as the Executive Director of ICICI Bank Limited (‘the Bank’), responsible

for the International Banking, Small and Medium Enterprises (SME) businesses, global markets and

commercial banking businesses of the Bank. He also served as a Director on the Boards of ICICI Bank UK

PLC and ICICI Bank Canada Limited and was the Chairman of ICICI Investment Management Company

Limited.

Mr. Chandok has been with the ICICI Group since 1993 and has worked across corporate, retail and

rural banking prior to his portfolio above which he held as a Member of the Board of ICICI Bank Limited.

Under Mr. Chandok’s leadership, the Bank won numerous accolades. He also served as Vice Chairman

of ICICI Home Finance Company Limited from April 13, 2009 to April 8, 2010.

Mr. Chandok holds a Master’s degree in Management Studies from Narsee Monjee Institute of Management

Studies, Mumbai (NMIMS). He also holds a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Indian

Institute of Technology (Banaras Hindu University), Varanasi (formerly IT-BHU). In 2017, Mr. Chandok

was conferred with a Distinguished Alumnus Award from NMIMS University.

Other Directorships

None

Chairmanship/Membership

of Committees in companies

in which position of Director

is held

ICICI Securities Limited:

Stakeholders Relationship Committee (Member)

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (Member)

Risk Management Committee (Member)

Investment Committee (Chairman)

Commitment Committee (Chairman)

IT Risk and Information/Cyber Security Committee (Chairman)

Product Committee (Chairman)

Relationship with other

Directors, Managers and

other Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company

None

No. of equity shares held

in the Company as on date

Nil

No. of board meetings held/

attended during the year

7/7

Terms and conditions

of

appointment

or

re-appointment

Please refer to the Resolution and Explanatory Statement for Item No. 5 relating to revision in remuneration.:

Dear Shareholders,

It has been an exceptionally trying

time for the world, including

for our country. The COVID-19

induced pandemic, a typical

black swan event, that swept

across the world has ravaged the

global economy at a scale never

seen before. The post-pandemic

world will in many ways be unlike

the world before.

Seeing the big picture

unfold

Mankind however is resilient

enough to confront new challenges

and adjust to developing situations.

Significant changes in human

history have evolved in response

to major crises. For instance, the

American civil war was followed

by the end of slavery. The World

War II was followed by the creation

of peace keeping institutions like

the United Nations, which became

an influential organisation for

preventing the recurrence of such

large scale transnational conflicts.

Similarly, the global financial crisis

of mid to late 2000s led to tighter

banking regulations.

We see such examples even at

home. In times of major crises, the

system has responded forcefully.

Food shortage during the early

decades of independence led to

the green revolution, transforming

the farm sector and ultimately

making India a net exporter of food

products from being an importer

earlier. The 1992 stock market

scam gave birth to electronic

trading and better regulation.

The balance of payments crisis in

1991 led to the liberalisation of the

Indian economy. These tectonic

reforms short-circuited years of

incremental change.

Swift response by

governments globally

When the global economy went

into recession in 2020 due to the

COVID-19 impact, central banks

embarked on record monetary

stimuli and governments across the

globe adopted a counter-cyclical

fiscal policies by embarking on

unprecedented fiscal spending to

pull their respective economies

out of the recession caused by

the once-in-a-century crisis;

these measures met with visible

success. Growth recovered in the

second half of Calendar Year 2020

and high frequency economic

indicators such as global Purchasing

Managers’ Index (PMI) showed

that the momentum in economic

recovery continues.

At home too, the Indian government

took series of measures to minimise

the impact of the pandemic and to

kickstart the economy. Measures

like the stimulus package, the

Atmanirbhar Bharat campaign,

liberalisation of FDI rules, focused

industry-specific incentives, and

financial and food assistance to the

needy helped to cushion the dire

effects of the pandemic. Steps like

support to MSMEs, permission for

commercial mining, agri reforms

etc. are expected to further help

in achieving the broader goals of

economic growth and self-reliance.

Gradually, after the government

eased covid related restrictions

on mobility, economic activity

has started limping back and we

closed the year with Q4FY2021

real GDP growth of 1.6%, which

was the strongest quarter of the

year. The IMF expects India to be

the fastest growing economy in

the world during CY2021 at 12.5%

GDP growth. Structural reforms

and pro-growth policies of the

Government have the potential to

extend the growth momentum for

India beyond CY2021.

The global GDP too is expected

to grow by 6% in CY2021, after

contracting by 3.3% in CY2020.

Emerging economies are expected

to grow faster at 6.7% than

advanced economies at 5.1%.:

Dear Shareholders,

The year that went by was an

apocalyptical one as we faced

the a-once-in-a-century kind of

disruption which brought life as

we knew it, to a virtual standstill.

For us, being there for our

customers and stakeholders during

these trying times, therefore never

mattered more. In this context I wish

to acknowledge the exemplary

contribution of our employees,

who ensured business continuity,

despite huge challenges.

The COVID-19 induced pandemic

has redefined the way we humans

communicate, do commerce,

and maintain relationships.

Even now, the challenges remain

in the form of scars left behind by

the second wave and preparing

for any future wave.

A new business paradigm

The pandemic has bought about

significant change for our business.

To begin with, we have seen a

strong behavioural shift of customer

accessing and making investments

digitally. This change has happened

in a very short period of time which

under normal circumstances,

would have taken many years.

More and more young people

and from smaller cities and towns

are now entering the capitals and

financial market.

During this period, we saw that

in order to prepare themselves

for an uncertain business

environment, corporates have

undertaken conserving capital

and strengthening their balance

sheet in a big way. This led to

many of them raising capital from

the market through a multitude

of ways including IPOs/OFS/

Rights issuances etc.

The pandemic has triggered

investor mind-set towards savings,

investments and protection. People

have increasingly begun to prioritise

these over discretionary spends to

prepare themselves better for an

uncertain tomorrow.

We are witnessing the trend

of consolidation of market

share towards digital players

or those who are able to fulfil a

large part of customers’ needs

digitally. This is true across

categories and can be witnessed

if we look around us and

compare our own consumption

pattern now compared to even

15 -18 months ago.

These changes have an

immediate and long-term impact

on your Company. The number

of newcomers in the market has

gone up by a factor of almost

3, with a record 14.3 Million

demat accounts being opened

in FY2021, against 5 Million in

FY2020. Similarly, the average

daily turnover (ADTO) on our

bourses have almost doubled

during FY2021 as compared to

FY2020. The year saw one of the

largest fundraising by India Inc.

with ` 2,505 Billion being raised

through various routes in FY2021

as compared with ` 1,472 Billion

raised in FY2020.

Strengthening our core

Our strategy - be a comprehensive

fintech solutions provider by

meeting retail Indians’ life cycle

needs in a digital and open

architecture format - unveiled by

us two years ago has remained

more relevant now than ever. It has

helped us broad-base our presence

in the financial services landscape,

diversify our offerings and

granularise our revenue streams.

Our approach has been to

strengthen the core aspects of

our business, while building for

the future by focusing on five

key strategic anchors, which are:

Ramp-up scale and value, Monetise

Client Value, Enhance Customer

Experience, increase Digital Agility,

and demonstrate Cost Efficiency.

We have made significant progress

against all these anchors.

While the number of customers

sourced through ICICI Bank

channels has scaled up in FY2021,

our open architecture and digitally

sourced ones have also resulted:

Managing Director & CEO

Ms. Vijayalakshmi Iyer

Independent Director

Mr. Ajay Saraf

Executive Director

Stakeholders Relationship

Committee

Risk Management

Committee

C

C

M

M

M

M

M

M

M

M

M:

Managing Director and

CEO directly engages with all

employees and informs them about

the Company’s performance, strategy

updates and key themes.

Townhalls: We conduct regular

townhalls with business leaders,

focused group meetings with

employees to communicate the

strategy, business outlook as

well as address the concerns/

queries of employees.

Feedback: Integral to the Company’s

way of working, feedback is

a continuous process and we

encourage feedback through various

forms (on-job feedback, project-

based feedback sessions as well as

feedback on overall performance at

the time of annual assessments).

360 Degree Feedback Process

This process is used to provide feedback to employees in middle management and above levels around the

leadership competencies and behaviours. The feedback obtained from this process is also used as one of the

inputs for identification of leadership potential and identifying leadership bench, and also as a developmental tool

for the employees.:

Managing Director & CEO, Ajay Saraf (DIN: 00074885)

- Executive Director, Harvinder Jaspal - Chief Financial

Officer and Raju Nanwani - Company Secretary are the

key managerial personnel as per the provisions of the Act

and the rules made thereunder.

Changes in the composition of the Board of

Directors and other Key Managerial Personnel

The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on April 21,

2021, based on the recommendation of the Nomination

& Remuneration Committee, have re-appointed Ashvin

Parekh (DIN: 06559989) as an Independent Director of the

Company for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years with

effect from August 25, 2021 upto August 24, 2026, subject

to the approval of the Members of the Company by way of

Special Resolution. Accordingly, approval of the Members

is being sought at the ensuing AGM for his re-appointment.

Ashvin Parekh (DIN: 06559989) is a person of high repute,

integrity and has rich and varied experience which will be

an invaluable input to the Company’s strategic direction and

decision making. His contributions and guidance during

the deliberations at the Board and Committee meetings

have been of immense help to the Company. Pursuant to

the provisions of Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment

and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, Ashvin Parekh

(DIN: 06559989) is not required to pass an online proficiency

self-assessment test conducted by the ‘Indian Institute of

Corporate Affairs at Manesar’.

The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on April 21,

2021, based on the recommendation of the Nomination &

Remuneration Committee, have re-appointed Ajay Saraf

(DIN: 00074885) as an Executive Director of the Company for

a period of 5 (five) consecutive years or uptil his retirement,

whichever is earlier, with effect from May 25, 2021 upto

May 24, 2026, subject to the approval of the Members of

the Company. Accordingly, approval of the Members is

being sought at the ensuing AGM for his re-appointment.

Ajay Saraf currently heads the Investment Banking and

Institutional Broking divisions at the Company and the

continued association of Ajay Saraf would be beneficial

to the Company and it is desirable to continue to avail his

services as Executive Director of the Company.

Declaration of Independence

All Independent Directors have given declarations that

they meet the criteria of independence as laid down

under Section 149 of the Act and Regulation 16 of Listing

Regulations which have been relied upon by the Company.

Based on the declarations received from the Independent

Directors, the Board is of the opinion that the Independent

Directors fulfil the criteria of independence as specified

in Listing Regulations and the Act and are independent of

the Management.

All Independent Directors have given declarations that they

have complied with the Code for Independent Directors

prescribed in Schedule IV of the Act and Code of Conduct

and Business Ethics of the Company.

Retirement by rotation

In terms of Section 152 of the Act and the Articles of

Association of the Company, Anup Bagchi (DIN: 00105962),

Director of the Company, would retire by rotation at the

ensuing AGM and being eligible for re-appointment, has

offered himself for re-appointment.

Brief details of the Directors proposed to be re-appointed

as required under Regulation 36 (3) of Listing Regulations

are provided in the Notice of the ensuing AGM.

Corporate Governance and Compliance

Philosophy on Corporate Governance

The Company’s corporate governance philosophy

encompasses regulatory and legal requirements, which

aims at a high level of business ethics, effective supervision

and enhancement of value for all stakeholders.

The Company considers its stakeholders as partners

in success and the Company remains committed to

maximising stakeholders’ value. The Company believes:

Managing Director

& CEO regarding compliance with the Code by all the

Directors and senior management of the Company forms

part of the Annual Report.

Code of Conduct for Prohibition of Insider

Trading

In accordance with the requirements of SEBI (Prohibition

of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, the Company has

instituted a comprehensive code of conduct to regulate,

monitor and report trading activities of its directors,

employees and other connected persons in the securities

of the Company as a listed entity and in the securities of

all the listed companies as SEBI registered intermediary.

Whistle Blower Policy

The Company has in place a Whistle Blower Policy (‘the

Policy’) which aims to set up a mechanism that enables

employees to report about potentially illegal and/or

unacceptable practices. It seeks to enable employees to

report such practices without fear of victimisation and

reprisal. The Policy aims to administer good governance

practices in the Company and to ensure that serious

concerns are properly raised and addressed.

The purpose of the Policy is to enable a person who

observes an unethical practice (whether or not a violation

of law) to approach Head - Compliance & Legal/Chairman

of Audit Committee without necessarily informing his/her

supervisors and without revealing his/her identity, if he/she

so chooses. The Policy governs reporting and investigation

of allegations of suspected improper activities.

The employees of the Company are encouraged to use

guidance provided in the Policy for reporting all allegations

of suspected improper activities. In all instances, the

Company retains the prerogative to determine when

circumstances warrant an investigation and accordingly,

in conformity with the Policy and applicable laws and

regulations, the appropriate investigative process is

employed. The Policy complies with the requirements of

Vigil Mechanism as stipulated under Section 177 of the Act.

Any employee who makes a disclosure or raises a concern

under the Policy will be protected, if the employee

discloses his/her identity, discloses the information in

good faith, believes it to be substantially true, does not

act maliciously nor makes false allegations and does not

seek any personal or financial gain. The Company strictly

prohibits any attempt of retaliation by anyone against any

employee who raises a concern under the Policy in good

faith. Nothing in this Policy precludes or is intended to

preclude a complainant from seeking a monetary award

from a Government, administrative or law enforcement

authority, as provided for by law.

The details of establishment of the Whistle Blower Policy/

Vigil Mechanism have been disclosed on the website of

the Company. Excerpts of Whistle Blower Policy can be

viewed at the following link:

https://www.icicisecurities.com/UPLOAD/ARTICLEIMAGES/

Whistleblower_Policy_One_Pager.pdf.

Dividend Distribution Policy

In accordance with Regulation 43A of Listing Regulations,

your Company has formulated a Dividend Distribution

Policy and the same is given in Annexure D to this report

and is also uploaded on the website of the Company at the

following link: https://www.icicisecurities.com/UPLOAD/

ARTICLEIMAGES/ddp2017.pdf.

Policy on Related Party Transactions

The Company has a policy on dealing with related party

transactions which can be viewed on the web-link:

https://www.icicisecurities.com/UPLOAD/ARTICLEIMAGES/

Policy_on_RPT.pdf

Policy for Determining Material Subsidiaries

The Company has a policy for determining ‘material’

subsidiaries which can be viewed on the web-link:

https://www.icicisecurities.com/UPLOAD/ARTICLEIMAGES/

Policy_for_Determining_Material_Subsidiaries.pdf

According to Regulation 16 (1) (c) of Listing Regulations,

a ‘Material subsidiary’ shall mean a subsidiary, whose

income or net worth exceeds 10% of the consolidated

income or net worth respectively, of the listed entity and

its subsidiaries in the immediately preceding accounting:

Managing Director & CEO and the Chief Financial Officer

on the financial statements and internal controls relating

to financial reporting has been obtained.

Total fees for all services paid by the listed

entity and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated

basis, to the statutory auditor and all entities in

the network firm/network entity of which the

statutory auditor is a part:

` Million

Payments to the auditor

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

For the year ended

March 31, 2020

For audit fees

7.3

6.7

For taxation matters

0.7

0.7

For other services

1.5

2.6

For reimbursement of

expenses

0.7

1.2

Total

10.2

11.2

Credit Ratings obtained by the Company

Your Company has obtained credit rating from:

Name of the credit

rating agency

Credit rating

obtained in

respect of various

securities

Amount

(` in Million)

Ratings Given

Issue Date/

Revalidation

Validity of Rating

If Rating

Downgraded

(Specify reason)

CRISIL

Non-Convertible

Debentures

500.0

AAA/Stable

March 8, 2021

180 days

Rating not

downgraded

CRISIL

Commercial

Papers

45,000.0

CRISIL A1+

March 8, 2021

30 days

Rating not

downgraded

ICRA

Non-Convertible

Debentures

500.0

AAA/Stable

March 12, 2021

Review on

annual basis

Rating not

downgraded

ICRA

Commercial

Papers

45,000.0

ICRA A1+

March 5, 2021

3 months

Rating not

downgraded

Board and Committees of the Board

The Company’s Board is constituted in compliance with

the Act and Listing Regulations. The Board of the Company

at March 31, 2021 consisted of eight Directors, comprising

of four Independent Directors, two Non-executive

Non-independent Directors and two Whole-time Directors.

Except the: Managing Director & CEO and the Executive

Director, all other Directors including the

Managing Director/Whole

Time Director/Manager (including Chief Executive

Officer/Manager, in case they are not part of the

board) and shall specifically include Company

Secretary and the Chief Financial Officer.

2.

To evaluate the performance of the whole-time

Directors of the Company.

3.

To evaluate the performance of the Board, the

individual Members of the Board and the Committees

of the Board on certain pre-determined parameters

as may be laid down by the Board as part of a

self-evaluation process or get such performance

evaluation done by an independent external agency

and review its implementation and compliance.

4.

To determine and recommend to the Board from time

to time all remuneration, in whatever form, including

performance or achievement bonus, Long Term

Incentives and perquisites payable to the whole-time

Directors and the senior management of the Company.

5.

a.

To approve the policy for and quantum of variable

pay payable to the employees of the Company.

b.

To recommend to the Board a policy, relating to

the remuneration for the directors, key managerial

personnel and other employees.

6.

To formulate code of ethics and governance.

7.

To recommend, if required and based on merits, to

the Board Governance, Remuneration and Nomination

Committee of ICICI Bank Limited (BGRNC of ICICI Bank)

for its recommendation to the Board of ICICI Bank for

the grant of Employee Stock Options of ICICI Bank to

the whole-time Directors of the Company.

8.

To formulate the criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes and independence of a director.

9.

To formulate the criteria for evaluation of performance

of independent directors and the board of directors

and to extend or continue the term of appointment of:

Managing Director &

CEO; and

• Ajay Saraf (DIN: 00074885), Executive Director.

During FY2021, four meetings of CSR Committee were

held on May 6, 2020, July 22, 2020, October 28, 2020 and

January 22, 2021. The details of the attendance at the

meetings are set out in the following table:

Name of the Director

Number of

Meetings held

during the tenure

of the Director

Number of

Meetings

attended

Vinod Kumar Dhall

(Chairman)

4

4

Vijay Chandok

4

4

Ajay Saraf

4

4:

Managing Director &

CEO; and

• Ajay Saraf (DIN: 00074885), Executive Director.

During FY2021, four meetings of SRC were held on April

22, 2020, July 15, 2020, October 15, 2020 and January 14,

2021. The details of the attendance at the meetings are set

out in the following table:

Name of the Director

Number of

Meetings held

during the tenure

of the Director

Number of

Meetings

attended

Vijayalakshmi Iyer

(Chairperson)

4

4

Vijay Chandok

4

4

Ajay Saraf

4

4

Raju Nanwani, Senior Vice President & Company Secretary

is the Compliance Officer of the Company pursuant to the

requirements of Listing Regulations.

The SCORES website of SEBI for redressal of grievances

of the investors is being visited at regular intervals by the

officials of the Company. The Company had received one

complaint from the shareholders during FY2021. As at the

end of FY2021, no complaints were pending.

Risk Management Committee

Terms of Reference

1.

Risk Management Policies

a.

To approve and review risk management policies

in respect of the following:

i.

Market Risk,

ii.

Credit Risk,

iii.

Operations Risk,

iv.

Fraud Risk,

v.

Information Technology Risk,

vi.

Information Security and Cyber Security Risk,

vii. Liquidity Risk,

viii. Surveillance Policy,

ix.

Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery.

b.

To monitor the implementation of various risk

management policies.

c.

To analyze and monitor various product limits as

well as the credit and market risks associated with

the different business activities of the Company.

2.

ICAAP and Stress Testing:

a.

To review stress testing results;

b.

To review the submission made to ICICI Bank

Limited for Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment

Process (ICAAP).

3.

Risk Dashboard

To review key risk indicators with respect to major risk

categories as detailed below on a quarterly basis:

a.

Credit risk

b.

Market risk and implied market risk

c.

Liquidity risk:

Managing Director &

CEO;

• Ajay Saraf (DIN: 00074885), Executive Director;

• Ripujit Chaudhuri, Head - Risk; and

• Harvinder Jaspal, Chief Financial Officer.

During FY2021, four meetings of RMC were held on April

22, 2020, July 15, 2020, October 15, 2020 and January 14,

2021. The details of the attendance at the meetings are set

out in the following table:

Name of the Member

Number of

Meetings held

during the tenure

of the Member

Number of

Meetings

attended

Vijayalakshmi Iyer

(Chairperson)

4

4

Ashvin Parekh

4

4

Subrata Mukherji

4

4

Vijay Chandok

4

4

Ajay Saraf

4

4

Ripujit Chaudhuri

4

4

Harvinder Jaspal

4

4

Compliance Certificate from the Auditors

The certificate obtained from a practicing company

secretary regarding compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations is

given in Annexure F.

A certificate from a company secretary in practice that none

of the directors on the Board of the Company have been

debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing

as directors of Companies by the Securities and Exchange

Board of India/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such

statutory authority as stipulated in Listing Regulations is

given in Annexure G.

Performance Evaluation of the Board,

Committees and Directors

The Company has in place an evaluation framework for

evaluation of the Board, Directors and Chairman. The

Board also carries out an evaluation of the working of the

Audit Committee, Nomination & Remuneration Committee,

Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Corporate

Social Responsibility Committee and Risk Management

Committee. The evaluation of the Committees is based

on the assessment of the compliance with the terms of

reference of the Committees.

The evaluations for the Directors and the Board were done

through circulation of questionnaires for evaluation of the

performance of the Board, the Committees of the Board and

the individual members of the Board, which assessed the

performance of the Board on selected parameters related

to roles, responsibilities and obligations of the Board and

functioning of the Committees including assessing the

quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information

between the Company management and the Board that

was necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably

perform their duties. The evaluation criteria for the Directors

(including Independent Directors) was based on their

participation, contribution and offering guidance to and:

Managing Director

& CEO

Ajay Saraf – Executive

Director

Period

April 1, 2020 –

March 31, 2021

April 1, 2020 –

March 31, 2021

Basic

2,22,24,250

94,93,900

Performance Bonus paid out in FY20211

92,44,249

1,05,16,243

Allowances2

2,37,84,280

1,16,20,392

Perquisites3

82,87,906

37,99,198

Contribution to provident fund

26,66,903

11,39,268

Contribution to gratuity fund

18,51,280

7,90,843

Stock Options of the Company (Numbers)

Granted in FY2021 (for FY2020)

5,86,000

1,32,500

Granted in FY2020 (for FY2019)

-

1,99,600

Stock Options of ICICI Bank Limited (Numbers)

Granted in FY2021 (for FY2020)

-

-

Granted in FY2020 (for FY2019)

-

41,400

Note: For the year ended March 31, 2021, the remuneration details pertain to the amount paid/options granted during FY2021. Given the

prevailing scenario and the unprecedented challenges posed by COVID-19 pandemic, the WTDs had voluntarily opted to take a 10% salary

reduction effective May 2020 in their basic, retirals and supplementary allowances for the remaining months in FY2021. Further, Mr. Vijay

Chandok (DIN: 01545262) has also voluntarily decided to forgo performance bonus and stock options for FY2021 and any increase in salary for

FY2022.

1 The bonus amount paid in FY2021 includes the deferred portion of bonus approved in earlier years, wherever applicable.

2Allowances include components like house rent allowance, running and maintenance expenses of car (including fuel, repairs and maintenance,

insurance, driver’s salary), leave travel allowance, personal pay, domiciliary medical reimbursement of ` 15,000/- per annum.

3Perquisites (evaluated as per Income Tax rules wherever applicable and otherwise at actual cost to the Company) such as the benefit of the

gas, electricity, soft furnishing, club fees, group insurances like mediclaim, personal accident and life insurance, Company car (including fuel,

repairs and maintenance, insurance, driver’s salary), telephone and internet usage at residence or reimbursement of expenses in lieu thereof,

domiciliary medical reimbursement, leave, children education benefits, interest subsidy on home loan, were provided in accordance with the

scheme(s) and rule(s) applicable from time to time.

Details of Remuneration Paid to

Non-Executive Directors

As per the provisions of Section 197 of the Act, the fees

payable to a Non-executive Director for attending a Meeting

of the Board or Committee thereof are decided by the Board

of Directors from time to time within the limits prescribed

by the Act and the rules thereunder.

During FY2021, the Directors were paid an amount of

` 1,00,000/- as sitting fees for attending each meeting

of the Board and the Audit Committee and ` 50,000/-

as sitting fees for attending each meeting of other

Committees of the Board.

Information on the total sitting fees paid to each

Non-executive Director during FY2021 for attending

meetings of the Board and its Committees is set out in

the following table:

Name of the Director

Amount (`)

Vinod Kumar Dhall (DIN: 02591373)

11,00,000/-

Ashvin Parekh (DIN: 06559989)

19,00,000/-

Subrata Mukherji (DIN: 00057492)

17,00,000/-

Vijayalakshmi Iyer (DIN: 05242960)

19,00,000/-

As per the remuneration framework of the Company for

the Non-executive Directors, profit related commission of

` 10,00,000/- was paid to each of the Independent Directors

during FY2021 for their tenure during FY2020.:

Managing Director & CEO = 104:1

Ajay Saraf, Executive Director = 48:1

The ratio of remuneration for the Independent

Directors is as under:

Vinod Kumar Dhall, Chairman and Independent

Director = 4.53:1

Ashvin Parekh, Independent Director = 6.26:1

Subrata Mukherji, Independent Director = 5.82:1

Vijayalakshmi Iyer, Independent Director = 6.26:1

Non-executive Non-independent Directors do not

draw any remuneration from the Company.

(ii) The percentage increase in remuneration of each

director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive

Officer, Company Secretary or Manager, if any, in

the financial year:

The percentage increase in remuneration of

Whole-time Directors, Chief Financial Officer and

Company Secretary was nil.

(iii) The percentage increase in the median remuneration

of employees, who are part of the annual review

plan in the financial year:

The percentage increase in the median remuneration

of employees, who were part of the annual review

plan, in the financial year was around 5.8%.

(iv) The number of permanent employees on the rolls of

company:

Employee headcount at March 31, 2021 was 3,766.

(v) Average percentile increase already made in the

salaries of employees other than the managerial

personnel in the last financial year and its comparison

with the percentile increase in the managerial

remuneration and justification thereof and point

out if there are any exceptional circumstances for

increase in the managerial remuneration:

The average percentage increase in the salaries of total

employees other than the Key Managerial Personnel

for FY2021 was around 3%, while the increase in the

remuneration of the Key Managerial Personnel was nil.

(vi) Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the

remuneration policy of the company:

Yes

(vii) Details of Top 10 Employees as per Rule 5 (2) of

the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014:

The statement containing the particulars of employees

as required under Section 197 (12) of the Act, read

with Rule 5 (2) of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration) Rules, 2014 is set out in an Annexure

and forms part of this report. In terms of Section

136 (1) of the Act, the report and the accounts are

being sent to the members excluding the aforesaid

Annexure. Any member interested in obtaining a copy

of the Annexure may send an e-mail to the Company

Secretary at investors@icicisecurities.com.

General Body Meetings

a) Annual General Meetings:

The details of General Body Meetings held in the last three years and the special resolutions passed thereat

are given below:

General Body Meeting

Day, Date and Time

Venue

Special Resolution(s) passed

Twenty-Fifth AGM

Tuesday, August

11, 2020 at 4:00

p.m. (IST)

AGM was held through Video

Conferencing/Other Audio Visual

Means (Deemed venue for the

AGM was the Registered Office:

ICICI Centre, H. T. Parekh Marg,

Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020)

•

Enhancement of the existing borrowing limit

under Section 180 of the Companies Act,

2013.

Twenty-Fourth AGM

Friday, August 2,

2019 at 2:30 p.m.

(IST)

Rama

&

Sundri

Watumull

Auditorium, Kishinchand Chellaram

College, Vidyasagar Principal K.

M. Kundnani Chowk, 124, Dinshaw

Wachha Road, Churchgate, Mumbai

- 400 020

•

Re-appointment of Mr. Vinod Kumar Dhall

(DIN: 02591373) as an Independent Director

of the Company.:

letter with minimum period of one

year between the date of granting and vesting of options

or such other period as may be required under applicable

laws. The options may be exercised at any time after vesting

but not exceeding five years from the date of vesting of the

options or as may be determined by the NRC.

Particulars of options granted by the Company as at

March 31, 2021 are given below:

Particulars

Details

Number of options outstanding at the beginning

of the year

13,29,300

Number of options granted during the year

13,37,200

Number of options forfeited/lapsed during the

year

47,350

Number of options vested during the year

3,98,790

Number of options exercised during the year*

90,800

Number of shares arising as a result of exercise

of options

80,970

Money realized by exercise of options (INR),

if scheme is implemented directly by the

company**

` 1,84,98,374/-

Loan repaid by the trust during the year from

exercise price received

Nil

Number of options outstanding at the end of

the year

25,28,350

Number of options exercisable at the end of the

year

3,45,250

* number of options includes options exercised but pending allotment

of shares.

** money realised do not include share application money received

in respect of options exercised but pending allotment of shares.

Particulars of options granted by the Company during FY2021:

During FY2021, the Company granted 13,37,200 options

to its employees including Whole-time directors, Key

Managerial Personnel, Senior Managerial Personnel and

other employees.

All options were granted as per the Scheme. The stock

option grant will have a vesting schedule of three years,

in the ratio of 30%-30%-40% starting one year from the

date of the grant of the options. The Exercise Period

would commence from the date of vesting and expire on

completion of five years from the date of vesting of Options.

The fair value of the underlying shares has been determined

by an independent valuer. The calculation of fair value of

grants is in accordance with the Black-Scholes options

pricing model.

The fair value of the options granted in FY2021

are given below:

Financial Year

Date of Grant

Fair value of the option

granted (`) per share

FY2021

May 7, 2020

134.04

FY2021

October 28, 2020

179.55:

Managing Director & CEO

Date: April 21, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Declaration by the CEO under Schedule V (D) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 regarding adherence to the Code

of Conduct:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Sd/-

Sd/-

Date: April 21, 2021

Raju Nanwani

Harvinder Jaspal

Place: Mumbai

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

4

4

3.

Ajay Saraf

Executive Director

4

4

3. Provide the web-link where Composition

of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and

CSR projects approved by the Board

are disclosed on the website of the

Company:

Web-link to view the composition of the CSR

Committee: https://www.icicisecurities.com/Upload/

ResearchAttachments/Composition_of_Committees_

of_the_Directors.pdf

Web-link to view the CSR Policy:

https://www.icicisecurities.com/UPLOAD/

ARTICLEIMAGES/CSR_Policy.pdf

Web-link

to

view

the

CSR

projects

approved by the Board:

https://www.icicisecurities.com/CSR.aspx

4. Provide the details of Impact assessment

of CSR projects carried out in pursuance

of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies

(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy)

Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the

report):

Refer Annexure.

5. Details of the amount available for set

off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule

7 of the Companies (Corporate Social

Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and

amount required for set off for the

financial year, if any:

Not Applicable.

6. Average net profit of the Company as

per section 135 (5): ` 8,019.1 million.

Annexure E:

Managing Director & CEO: Managing Director & CEO

letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral part

of this report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide

a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

Sd/-

Makarand Joshi

Partner

FCS No. 5533

CP No. 3662

UDIN: F005533C000133144

Peer Review No: P2009MH007000

Place: Mumbai

Date: 19th April, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No.: 100564

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 21, 2021

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No.: 100564

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 21, 2021

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No.: 100564

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 21, 2021

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No.: 100564

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 21, 2021

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Standalone Cash Flow Statement

for the year ended March 31, 2021:

Managing Director and CEO

viii) Shilpa Kumar

–: Managing Director and CEO (till May 6, 2019)

ix) Ajay Saraf

– Executive Director

d.

Key Management Personnel of Parent

i)

Sandeep Bakhshi

– Managing Director and CEO of ICICI Bank Limited

ii)

Anup Bagchi

– Executive Director of ICICI Bank Limited

iii)

Uday Chitale

– Independent Director of ICICI Bank Limited

iv) Subramanian Madhavan

– Independent Director of ICICI Bank Limited

v)

Vishakha Mulye

– Executive Director of ICICI Bank Limited

vi) Girish Chandra Chaturvedi

– Non-Executive (part-time)

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No.: 100564

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 21, 2021

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No.: 100564

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 21, 2021

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No.: 100564

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 21, 2021

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No.: 100564

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 21, 2021

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No.: 100564

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 21, 2021

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

Managing Director and CEO

viii) Shilpa Kumar

–: Managing Director and CEO (till May 6, 2019)

ix) Ajay Saraf

– Executive Director

d.

Key Management Personnel of Parent

i)

Sandeep Bakhshi

– Managing Director and CEO of ICICI Bank Limited

ii)

Anup Bagchi

– Executive Director of ICICI Bank Limited

iii)

Uday Chitale

– Independent Director of ICICI Bank Limited

iv) Subramanian Madhavan

– Independent Director of ICICI Bank Limited

v)

Vishakha Mulye

– Executive Director of ICICI Bank Limited

vi) Girish Chandra Chaturvedi

– Non-Executive (part-time)

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer who is responsible

for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments has been identified as the CODM.

Identified business Segments

The business segments comprises

Treasury

Income from treasury, investment income

Broking & distribution

Broking and other related activities, Distribution of third party products like

Mutual Fund, Life Insurance, etc. and sales credit for referred business and

interest earned on our funds used in brokerage business

Issuer services & advisory

Financial advisory services such as equity-debt issue management

services, merger and acquisition advice and other related activities.

Broking and other related activities, distribution of third party products like Mutual Fund, Life Insurance, etc. and

sales credit for referred business and interest earned on our funds used in brokerage business are aggregated

into one reportable segment being agency nature of business under “Broking & distribution” in accordance with

aggregation criteria. Aggregation is done due to the similarities of the products and services provided to the

customers, similarities in method used to provide services and regulatory environment.

The Accounting principles and policies adopted in the preparation of the financial statements are also consistently

applied to record income/ expenditure and assets/ liabilities in individual segments. The Group Operating

Segment’s nomenclature has been changed for better representation to the stakeholders, the classification of

segment allocation has remain unchanged. Nomenclature’s of the segment’s has been changed to ‘Treasury’

from erstwhile ‘Investment & trading’, ‘Broking & distribution’ from erstwhile ‘Broking & commission’ and ‘Issuer

services & advisory’ from erstwhile ‘Advisory services’.

Revenue and expenses directly attributable to segments are reported under each reportable operating segment.

Certain revenue and expenses, which form component of total revenue and expenses, are not identifiable to

specific reporting segments as the underlying resources are used interchangeably, have been allocated on the

reasonable basis to respective segment. Revenue and expenses, which relate to Group as a whole and are not

allocable on reasonable basis, have been disclosed under “Unallocated expenses/income”. Similarly, assets and

liabilities in relation to segments are categorised based on items that are individually identifiable to specific reporting

segments. Certain assets and liabilities, which form component of total assets and liabilities, are not identifiable

to specific reporting segments as the underlying resources are used interchangeably, have been allocated on

the reasonable basis to respective segment. Assets and liabilities, which relate to Group as a whole and are not

allocable on reasonable basis, have been disclosed under “Unallocated assets/liabilities”.:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No.: 100564

DIN - 01545262

DIN - 00074885

RAJU NANWANI

HARVINDER JASPAL

Mumbai, April 21, 2021

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer:

