letter dated July 31, 2021 intimating the date of the seventh (7th) Annual

General Meeting ('AGM') of the Bank, we hereby submit a copy of the Notice of the AGM of the

Bank to be held on Wednesday, September 15, 2021 at 02.00 p.m. IST through Video Conferencing

('VC') / Other Audio-Visual Means ('OAVM') along with the Annual Report for the FY 2020-21.

In terms of Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Notice of the AGM and Annual

Report for FY 2020-21 has also been made available on the website of the Bank at https://

www.idfcfirstbank.com/investors/annual-report.

The

same

is

also

being

sent

today

through electronic mode to those Members whose email addresses are registered with the Bank

/ Registrar and Transfer Agent / Depository Participants.

Please take the above on record and acknowledge receipt of the same.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,

For IDFC FIRST Bank Limited

Satish Gaikwad

Head – Legal & Company Secretary

Encl.: As above

SATISH ASHOK

GAIKWAD

Digitally signed by

SATISH ASHOK

GAIKWAD:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (‘MD &

CEO’) of the Bank, for a period of three (3) consecutive

years, commencing from December 19, 2021 up to

December 18, 2024 (both days inclusive), upon such

terms and conditions including remuneration as set out

in the explanatory statement to the resolution as per Item

No. 8 of this Notice and which is specifically approved

and sanctioned with authority to the Board, which

shall include duly authorised Committee of the Board,

to alter and vary the terms and conditions of the said

appointment and/ or agreement including increments

and/ or any other components of the remuneration,

as may be necessary from time to time, in view of any

approvals and conditions as may be given/ stipulated

by the RBI or any other statutory authority, (including

authority, from time to time to determine the amount of

salary and also the type and amount of perquisites and

other benefits payable to Mr. V. Vaidyanathan), in such

manner as may be decided by the Board.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. V. Vaidyanathan be

paid such variable pay including stock options and

performance bonus, as approved by the NRC and/

or the Board in accordance with the Remuneration

Policy of the Bank and the applicable RBI guidelines,

as amended from time to time, subject to seeking

necessary regulatory approvals as may be required

including that from RBI.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of absence or

inadequacy of net profits in any Financial Year, Mr. V.

Vaidyanathan shall be paid such minimum remuneration,

as may be determined by the NRC and Board, subject

to seeking necessary regulatory approvals as may be

required including that from RBI.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. V. Vaidyanathan shall

not be liable to retire by rotation during his tenure as the

MD & CEO of the Bank.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board (which shall

include duly authorised Committee of the Board) be and

is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters

and things and to execute any agreements, documents,

instruments and writings as may be required with power

to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that may

arise in regard to the above resolution as it may in its

absolute discretion, deem necessary or desirable and

to delegate all or any of its powers conferred herein

to any director(s) and/ or officer(s) of the Bank to give

effect to this resolution.”

9.

To approve payment of Fixed Remuneration to the

Non- Executive Directors of the Bank.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following

resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT in supersession to the resolution

passed by the Members at the Second (2nd) Annual

General Meeting of the Bank held on July 27, 2016

approving payment of Commission to Non-Executive

Directors of the Bank and pursuant to the Reserve

Bank of India (‘RBI’) circular on Corporate Governance

in Banks - Appointment of Directors and Constitution

of Committees of the Board dated April 26, 2021,

the applicable provisions, if any, of the Banking

Regulation Act, 1949, applicable rules, circulars and

guidelines issued by the RBI in this regard, from time

to time, provisions of Section 197 and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’)

read with rules made thereunder, Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI

Listing Regulations’), and any other applicable laws

(including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s)

or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force),

and the provisions of the Articles of Association

of the Bank, the consent of the Members be and is

hereby accorded for the payment of compensation

to each Non-Executive Director of the Bank (except

Part Time Non-Executive Chairperson), by way of

fixed remuneration up to ` 20,00,000 (Rupees Twenty

Lakhs Only) per annum, as may be determined by the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee or Board of

Directors of the Bank (‘Board’), from time to time, with

effect from the Financial Year 2021-22, in addition to

payment of sitting fees and reimbursement of out of

pocket expenses for attending the meetings of Board

and Committees thereof.:

letter of offers as may be issued by the Bank,

in domestic and/or overseas market, as per the agreed

structure and within the limits permitted by RBI and

other regulatory authorities, to the eligible investors,

during a period of One (1) year from the conclusion of

seventh (7th) Annual General Meeting of the Bank, within

the overall borrowing limits of ` 1,50,000 crores (Rupees

One Lakh Fifty Thousand Crores only), as approved by

the Members at the first (1st) Annual General Meeting

held on September 29, 2015 under Section 180(1)(c)

of the Companies Act, 2013 and on such terms and

conditions as may be approved by the Board, from time

to time.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board (which shall

include duly authorised Committee of the Board) be and

is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters

and things and to execute any agreements, documents,

instruments and writings as may be required with power

to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that may

arise in regard to the above resolution as it may in its

absolute discretion, deem necessary or desirable and

to delegate all or any of its powers conferred herein

to any director(s) and/ or officer(s) of the Bank to give

effect to this resolution.”

By order of the Board of Directors of

IDFC FIRST Bank Limited

Date: July 31, 2021

Satish Gaikwad

Place: Mumbai

Head - Legal & Company Secretary:

Letter,

etc. together with attested specimen signature(s) of the

duly authorized representative(s), to the Scrutinizer by

e-mail through its registered e-mail address at e-mail

id: idfcfirstbank.scrutinizer@gmail.com with a copy

marked to secretarial@idfcfirstbank.com.

7.

In case of joint holders, only such joint holder who is

higher in the order of names as per the Register of

Members of the Bank will be entitled to vote at the AGM.

8.

Members attending the AGM through VC/ OAVM shall

be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum

under Section 103 of the Act.

9.

The relevant statement pursuant to the provisions of

Section 102 (1) of the Act as amended, read with the

relevant Rules made thereunder, setting out the material

facts and reasons, in respect of Item Nos. 3 to 10 of

this Notice, is annexed herewith. Members seeking any

information with regard to the accounts or any matter

to be placed at the AGM, are requested to write to the

Bank on or before September 14, 2021 through e-mail

on secretarial@idfcfirstbank.com mentioning their name,

Folio no./ Client ID and DP ID. The same will be replied

by the Bank suitably.

10. All the documents referred to in this Notice and the

Explanatory Statement setting out the material facts in

respect of Item Nos. 3 to 10 thereof and the Statutory

Registers, will be made available for inspection by the

Bank on the request of the shareholders.

11. The relevant details, pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of

the SEBI Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard

on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India, in respect of appointment

or re-appointment and/ or fixation of remuneration of

Directors at this AGM is annexed herewith.

12. The Board of Directors did not recommend any dividend

on equity shares for the FY 2020-21 in the absence of

distributable profits in terms of the RBI Guidelines.

13. Members who have either not received or have not

encashed their dividend warrant(s), are requested

to write to Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the

Bank (‘RTA’) i.e. KFin Technologies Private Limited

(‘KFIN’), mentioning the relevant Folio Number(s)/ DP

ID and Client ID, for issuance of duplicate/ revalidated

dividend warrant(s). Members are requested to note

that dividends which are not claimed within seven

years from the date of transfer to the Bank’s Unpaid

Dividend Account, will, as per the provisions of Section

124 of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made

thereunder, be transferred to the Investor Education

and Protection Fund (‘IEPF’). Pursuant to the provisions

of Investor Education and Protection Fund (Uploading

of information regarding unpaid and unclaimed

amounts lying with companies) Rules, 2012, the Bank

would upload the details of unpaid and unclaimed

amounts lying with the Bank on the Bank’s website

www.idfcfirstbank.com, and also on the website of the

Ministry of Corporate Affairs, from time to time.

NOTES:

1.

In view of the prevailing outbreak of COVID-19

Pandemic and the restrictions imposed on gathering

of people through social distancing norms, the Ministry

of Corporate Affairs vide General Circular No. 14/ 2020

dated April 8, 2020, General Circular No. 17/2020 dated

April 13, 2020, General Circular No. 20/2020 dated May

5, 2020 and General Circular No. 02/2021 dated January

13, 2021 (collectively referred as ‘MCA Circulars’)

and the Securities and Exchange Board of India vide

Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated

May 12, 2020 and SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/11

dated January 15, 2021 (collectively referred as ‘SEBI

Circulars’) has permitted companies to hold Annual

General Meetings (‘AGM’) through Video Conferencing

(‘VC’) or Other Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM’), during the

calendar year 2021.

2.

In compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 (’Act’), SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations,

2015

(‘SEBI

Listing

Regulations’), MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars, the

seventh (7th) AGM of the Bank is being held through

VC/ OAVM. Hence, the Members can attend and

participate in the ensuing AGM through VC/ OAVM

only. The proceedings of the AGM will be deemed to be

conducted at the Registered Office of the Bank which

shall be the deemed Venue of the AGM.

3.

In compliance with the MCA Circulars and SEBI

Circulars, the Notice of the seventh (7th) AGM along

with the Annual Report for the FY 2020-21 are being

sent only through electronic mode to those Members

whose e-mail addresses are registered with the

Bank/ Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA) or with the

Depository Participant(s).

4.

The Bank has enabled the Members to participate at

the seventh (7th) AGM through the VC/ OAVM facility

provided by National Securities Depository Limited

(‘NSDL’). The instructions for participation by Members

are given in the subsequent paragraphs. Participation

at the AGM through VC/ OAVM shall be allowed on a

first-come-first-served basis.

5.

PROXIES:

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, a Member

entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled

to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on his/ her

behalf and the proxy need not be a Member of the

Bank. Since this AGM is being held pursuant to

the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars through

VC/ OAVM, physical attendance of Members has

been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for

appointment of proxies by the Members will not be

available for the AGM and hence the Proxy Form and

Attendance Slip are not annexed to this Notice.

6.

Institutional/ Corporate Members (i.e. other than

individuals/ HUF, NRI, etc.) intending their authorised

representatives to attend the AGM through VC/ OAVM

on its behalf and to vote through remote e-voting are

requested to send scanned certified true copy (PDF/:

letter dated July 8, 2021, approved the appointment of

M/s. B S R & Co. LLP and M/s. MSKA & Associates as the Joint

Statutory Auditors of the Bank for the financial year 2021-22,

being their third year and first year respectively.

The brief profiles of M/s. B S R & Co. LLP and M/s. MSKA &

Associates (collectively referred as ‘Joint Statutory Auditors’)

are given as below.

M/s. B S R & Co. LLP

M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, is a Chartered Accountant Firm,

registered with the Institute of Chartered Accountants of

India with Firm Registration No. 101248W/W-100022. The

firm has presence in 14 cities in India. The Firm has been

closely working with regulatory bodies in various capacities.

The Firm has significant experience in auditing financial

services clients in India including banks.

M/s. MSKA & Associates

Established in 1978, M/s. MSKA & Associates is an Indian

partnership firm, registered with the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India and the PCAOB (US Public Company

Accountancy Oversight Board) having offices across key

cities in India at Mumbai, Gurugram, Kolkata, Ahmedabad,

Pune, Goa, Bangalore, Kochi and Hyderabad.

M/s. MSKA & Associates provides range of services which

include Audit & Assurance, Taxation and Accounting

Advisory. The Firm’s Audit and Assurance practice has

significant experience in auditing financial services clients

including large banks.

Based on the aforesaid RBI approval and recommendation

of the Audit Committee, the Board at its meeting held on July

31, 2021 had considered and approved the appointment of

M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, the current

Statutory Auditors, for a period of one (1) year, i.e. from the

conclusion of seventh (7th) AGM until the conclusion of the

eighth (8th) AGM of the Bank, and M/s. MSKA & Associates,

Chartered Accountants, for a period of three (3) years, i.e.

from the conclusion of seventh (7th) AGM until the conclusion

of the tenth (10th) AGM of the Bank, subject to them satisfying

the eligibility norms and approval of the RBI, each year, as the

Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank, at the below remuneration.

[a] Overall remuneration of ` 2.70 crores as the Audit

Fees for FY 2021-22 to be allocated between

M/s. B S R & Co. LLP and M/s. MSKA & Associates

as may be mutually agreed between the Bank and

the Joint Statutory Auditors, depending upon their

respective scope of work, plus out of pocket expenses,

outlays and taxes as applicable; and

[b] Fees for any other assignment not covered in the

scope of audit will be extra as per mutually agreed

between the Bank and the Joint Statutory Auditors

and as may be further approved by the Board from

time to time, with power to the Board, including duly

authorised Committee(s) thereof, to alter and vary the

terms and conditions of appointment, etc., including by

reason of necessity on account of conditions arising

out of change/ increase in scope of work, amendment

in Accounting Standards or conditions as may be

stipulated by the RBI and/ or any other authority, in such

manner and to such extent as may be mutually agreed

with the Joint Statutory Auditors.

As per the requirement of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’),

as amended, M/s. B S R & Co. LLP and M/s. MSKA &

Associates have confirmed that the appointment, if made,

would be within the limits specified under Section 141 of

the Act and they are not disqualified to be appointed as

Statutory Auditor in terms of the provisions of the Section

139 and Section 141 of the Act read with Companies (Audit

and Auditors) Rules, 2014.:

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank.

Based on the recommendations of the Board of Directors

of the Bank (‘Board’) and approval of the Reserve Bank

of India (‘RBI’), vide its letters dated December 14, 2018,

January 17, 2019 and January 31, 2019, the Members at the

fifth (5th) Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) held on July 25,

2019, had approved the appointment of Mr. V. Vaidyanathan

(DIN:00082596) as the: Managing

Managing Director and

CEO of IDFC FIRST Bank in December 2018 after the merger

of Capital First and IDFC Bank. He joined ICICI Group in 2000,

built a retail loan book of ` 1.35 trillion since inception, including

mortgages autoloans and other retail products, grew the Bank

to 1,411 branches, 4713 ATMs and 28 million customers, built a

large CASA and retail deposits franchise of over ` 1 lakh crores

until 2009. He was appointed to the Board of ICICI Bank in

2006, and as the MD and CEO of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance

Company in India in 2009.

Between 2010-2012, he acquired equity stakes in a small loss-

making wholesale financing NBFC through leverage, and built a

prototype of technology algorithm led retail Financing business

of ` 770 crores by 2011. Based on the proof of concept, he

secured a PE backing and concluded a Leveraged Buyout

of the company, recapitalised it by raising fresh equity, and

renamed it Capital First.

Between 2010 to 2018, he grew the loan book of Capital

First from ` 94 crores ($14m) to ` 29,600 crores ($4.05b),:

letter of

offers as may be issued by the Bank, in domestic and/or

overseas market, as per the agreed structure and within the

limits permitted by RBI and other regulatory authorities and

pursuant to relevant provisions of the applicable circulars,

directions or guidelines issued by RBI and such other

regulatory authorities.

The Bank had obtained the approval of the Members at the

first (1st) Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) held on September

29, 2015 for borrowing/ raising funds (amongst other

borrowing products) by issue of debt securities pursuant

to the relevant provisions of the applicable circulars and

guidelines issued by the RBI, up to ` 1,50,000 crores

(Rupees One Lakh Fifty Thousand Crores only), in one or

more tranches.

The said incremental limit of ` 5,000 crores (Rupees Five

Thousand Crores only) is over and above the outstanding

debt securities issued by the Bank, which shall be within

the overall borrowing limit of ` 1,50,000 crores (Rupees One

Lakh Fifty Thousand Crores only) approved under Section

180(1)(c) of the Act, by the Members at the first (1st) AGM.

The proposed resolution under Section 42 of the Act, shall

be valid for a period of one (1) year from the date of passing

of this resolution and the offer shall be made to such persons

as identified (‘Eligible Investors’) pursuant to Section 42 (2)

of the Companies Act, 2013.

The pricing of the debt securities referred above depends

on various factors which may include prevailing risk-free

rates, competitor rates of similar rating and tenor in the

domestic or overseas markets, investor appetite for such

instruments and prevailing investor regulations. Further, the

debt securities may be issued on such terms and conditions

including the price, coupon, par/ premium/ discount, tenor

etc., as may be determined by the Board (includes a duly

authorized Committee), in the prevailing market conditions

as permitted by the relevant applicable regulations.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank

and/ or their relatives are, in any way, financially or otherwise,

concerned or interested, in the passing of this resolution.

The Board recommends passing of the Special Resolution

as set out in Item No. 10 of this Notice, for approval of the

Members.:

Managing Director, Head of India and a member of the Executive

Management of Warburg Pincus. Prior to joining Warburg Pincus in 2006, he was a Principal at

Greenbriar Equity Group, a fund focused on private equity investments in the Transportation

sector. Prior to that, Mr. Vishal Mahadevia worked at Three Cities Research, a New York-based

private equity fund and as a consultant with McKinsey & Company. Mr. Mahadevia is also a

Director of IDFC FIRST Bank Limited and Apollo Tyres Limited.

He received a B.S. in Economics with a concentration in Finance and a B.S. in Electrical

Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania.

Nature of Expertise in specific

functional areas

Mr. Vishal Mahadevia has special knowledge and practical experience in the matters of

Economics and Finance as required under Section 10A of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

No.

of

Board

Meetings

attended during FY21

13/13

Directorships held in other

companies (Except Section 8

and Foreign Companies)

1. Warburg Pincus India Private Limited

2. Apollo Tyres Limited

Memberships/Chairmanships

of

Committees

of

other

Boards

(Only

Audit

and

Stakeholders’

Relationship

Committee of Indian Public

Limited

Companies

have

been considered)

Nil

Remuneration last drawn

Nil

Details

of

Remuneration

sought to be paid

Mr. Vishal Mahadevia voluntarily requested the Bank to not to pay any remuneration to him.

Accordingly, he will not be paid any kind of remuneration.

Shareholding in IDFC FIRST

Bank (as on July 31, 2021)

Nil

Relationship

with

other

Directors & Key Managerial

Personnel of the Bank

None:

Dear Shareholders,

It is a great pleasure writing to you once again. It has

been two and a half years since the merger and during

this period, our Bank has made tremendous progress

on laying the foundation for a highly successful and

megabank of the future. I would love to explain to you what

we are truly building at our Bank. What we are building

at the core is a new age digital Bank which is agile and

highly scalable. Our pre-provisioning profits (PPOP) are

low at this stage because of our DFI background with

higher cost of legacy liabilities, coupled with the set-up

costs of a new bank, but this is getting fixed at a quick

pace because of our strong profitability on an incremental

basis.

Chances are, as a shareholder looking at quarterly

results, the underlying quality of the bank we are building

is not entirely visible at this stage to you. Because the

usual conversation from anchors are after any results are

“So, what is your exposure to Vodafone Idea? How much

more pain is yet to come on infrastructure? What is NPA

in retail because of Covid? When do you see the situation

normalizing?” If you’re an analyst, chances are that to

the above questions you will also add “Your ROE is low.”

I believe they are so focused on the here and now quarter

and its comparison with other established banks that the

power of incremental profitability is lost in the noise. And

the comparison is with banks who have already been

there for 20-30 years or with entities that were already

profitable when they converted to a bank. What is not

visible to many is the foundation that has been laid and

how quickly the picture is changing. So much so that

when I was pushed hard on some such subject by a

journalist, I responded instinctively “You ask Mr Kamath

how hard it is to convert a DFI to a commercial bank, to

my knowledge he is the only one who has achieved this”.

(Refer Financial Express in Press section)

V Vaidyanathan: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Annual Report 2020-21

11:

Dear Shareholders,

Fiscal 2021 was primarily influenced and shaped by

Covid-19 pandemic, resulting in uncertain lockdowns and

major disruption of both lives and livelihoods. The impact

on economic activity and normal banking operations were

immense. The regulatory and policy changes that were put in

motion to manage the implications were equally challenging

given the speed of response that was needed and had a

direct bearing on the day to day operations of the Bank.

At the same time the banking sector also witnessed dramatic

changes on the technology front. Forces such as social

collaboration, mobility, advanced analytics-based platforms

and emergence of cloud as a viable alternative enabled

new ways of servicing stakeholders. The emergence of

new players in the financial eco system offering niche

digital services further accelerated the extreme digitization

of financial offerings thereby creating a heightened focus

on customer engagement that stretches beyond physical

branches, call centers and relationship personnel.

These were also times when the true mettle of an organisation

along with its core operating philosophy and principles got

tested. All through the year we stayed true to the tenets of

transparent and ethical banking, whether it is our ‘Always

You First’ approach to customer service or the constant roll

out of propositions that are designed to be customer friendly

and often an industry first. The focus has always been on

offering optimal value in the most seamless way by using

digital interfaces.

These challenging times also saw the Bank staying true to its

social objectives. The Bank continued to play an active role

in helping various sections of both urban and rural society

through products and programs that focused on creating

livelihoods and relief.

Unlike most other organisations, IDFC FIRST Bank also

had to also manage post-merger integrations and work

on increasing agility at the same time. A culture of strong

customer centricity, an agile operating model, the right

technology platforms and quick adoption of new ways of

working collaboratively with various teams, helped us keep

pace with the fast-changing environment.

Madhivanan Balakrishnan

Chief Operating Officer

IDFC FIRST Bank

12:

Dear Shareholders,

It is my great pleasure writing to all of you. I had joined the

Bank in March 2020, and COVID-19 struck us within 20 days

leading to house arrest as severe lockdowns were imposed

throughout the country. However, times were such that it

was action right from the word “go”. Furthermore, there were

concerns which emerged around a large private sector bank.

We were very clear that we need to quickly raise capital as an

insurance against COVID-19, and also to fund future growth

opportunities once things normalise. We conducted investor

meetings and quickly mobilised ` 2,000 crore through a

preferential allotment.

I’m happy to share that we managed to maintain liquidity

level extremely well throughout the year. We continued to

get strong customer deposits during the period. In the initial

stage, we used the strong retail customer deposit flows to

pay off our large bulky Corporate Deposits and Certificate

of Deposits. However, when customer inflows continued

beyond our needs, we realised that such excess liquidity was

a drain on our P&L. Thus, we brought down the interest rates

to optimise the level of funds at the Bank. The reduction of

savings account interest rates has made the bank extremely

competitive in terms of cost of funds, and this has improved

our net interest margins and profitability. This has also enabled

the Bank to access certain additional and new segments of

credit markets focusing on better quality of customers in

select segments.

We also undertook focused cost rationalisation efforts as we

were aware that our income would come down because of

sharp slowdown of economic activity due to the lockdown. We

conducted regular drills on cost rationalisation at the bank. We

gave cost rationalisation targets to various business verticals

and supported their work with direction and supervision

from the CFO office to all the business verticals. Some of the

CFO’s message

Strong Capital and

Liquidity Position

Sudhanshu Jain

Chief Financial Officer & Head Corporate Centre

The reduction of savings account

interest rates has made the Bank

extremely competitive in terms of cost

of funds. This has also enabled the

bank to access certain additional and

new segments of credit markets.

IDFC FIRST Bank

14:

Dear Shareholders,

I would like to start this note with sincere thanks to all the

shareholders of the Bank for their continued support,

engagement and confidence in us.

Post the merger, our Bank has made significant progress

across all parameters of business including growth of

deposits, growth of retail loan book, margins and core

operating profits.

In the first few quarters after the merger we faced issues

regarding certain identified legacy wholesale loans. Our

profitability was also affected because we had to stop

accruing income on such loans and take incremental

provisions on them. I’m happy to share that during this entire

period, we have been transparent with the market. Our investor

presentation is detailed with our background, trends across

various business and financial parameters, and detailed

breakup of our assets and liabilities. Apart from disclosing

gross and net NPA as is required, we proactively identify and

disclose the assets that are not yet NPA but stressed as per

management assessment. We even disclose the specific

provisions taken against each one of them individually and

thus stay very straight and transparent with the street.

Our investors have always supported us and appreciated

the level of corporate governance and disclosures in the

Bank. On December 17, 2018, a day before the merger

between erstwhile IDFC Bank and erstwhile Capital First was

consummated, our closing stock price was at ` 39.35. After

the merger, the Bank incurred net losses for five quarters in

a row, primarily for the additional provisions needed to be

created on certain legacy wholesale assets. Yet our stock

price remained stable at around ` 40-45 throughout this

period, which represents the confidence the markets had in

the transparency and strength of our business model.

During the initial phase of the COVID-19 pandemic, our

stock price came down to around ` 19 but our key business

performance indicators continued to improve. Just as the

markets kept confidence in us, equally, our customers kept

confidence in us even during COVID-19. Our customer

deposits continued to grow consistently even throughout

the pandemic. During the latter half of the last financial

year, there was a strong recovery in the business conditions

which helped the Bank to get back to the pre-COVID levels

in certain parameters like disbursal run rate and collection

Investor Corner

Proactive and Transparent

Communication

Saptarshi Bapari

Head-Investor Relations

Post the merger, our Bank has

made significant progress across

all parameters of business.

Our investors have always

supported us and appreciated

our level of corporate governance

and disclosures.

IDFC FIRST Bank

16:

letter from the Vodafone Idea Chairman addressed to the

Government of India came to light in early August 2021, our

stock has continuously been under pressure and has come

down sharply to early 40s. We do hope and believe that the

government will solve the problem to keep this a competitive

telecom market, however irrespective of the outcome, we are

already prepared, and the Bank has strong capital buffers

to deal with the situation. Our core business model is very

strong, our core profitability drivers are performing well and

we will continue on our growth journey. We are confident that

with strong foundation of a good business model, growth

opportunities, strong corporate governance, ethics and

transparency, we will continue to do well in the future.

I am proud to share that despite

adverse conditions for over

two years, our price to book

increased from 0.91x, just

before the merger, to a high

of 2.00x in February 2021. We

thank the shareholders for such

confidence in us.

As we speak, we are recovering from the second wave of the

COVID-19 pandemic in India which had its worst effect on the

overall population and in general the economy during April-

May 2021. Post June-2021, the economy has again revived

and the business parameters have been improving gradually.

We feel that we will witness a sharp recovery in the country

during the second half of the financial year and the Bank is in

a very good position to capitalize on that with the capabilities

including digital and product innovations, efficient processes,

strength of deposit base, high liquidity and strong capital

adequacy levels.

We are committed to to creating value for our shareholders

and we are confident that in the medium to long run our

performance will reflect that and it will be appreciated. We

are encouraged with the response of the shareholders for

performance over the last 24 months, barring only this issue

of exposure to Vodafone Idea which has significantly affected

our stock price in recent time. We hope that clarity on this

matter emerges soon.

I would like to thank all the shareholders once again for their

continued support and confidence in us, even during this

challenging time.

Saptarshi Bapari

Head-Investor Relations

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Annual Report 2020-21

17:

Managing Director and CEO: MESSAGE FROM MD & CEO TO EMPLOYEES

ON THE BANK’S COVID CARE SCHEME

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Annual Report 2020-21

39

Managing Director and CEO: MESSAGE FROM MD & CEO TO EMPLOYEES ON GHAR GHAR RATION

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Annual Report 2020-21

41

LETTER TO EMPLOYEES ON

‘YOU CAN’ INITIATIVES

Our focus therefore is clear:

Simplify

Automate

Enrich

At IDFC FIRST Bank, we have set a new benchmark

of customer-centricity with every story under the

Heroes@FIRST initiative. More importantly, these

stories have proven that giving our customers

memorable experiences is not only the responsibility

of one department but also the duty of our entire

organisation.

It is not merely a function, but a culture. I commend

the demonstration of exemplary customer experience

shown by every team member of our organisation

by going beyond their call of duty to serve our

customers and I greatly appreciate and thank our CX

team for bringing the most inspiring stories under the

spotlight.

While this is only the first edition of the coffee table

book, I assure you many more heroic tales are in the

making at this very moment. Because, as customer-

centricity evolves, so does our employees’ spirit to

serve.

Mr. Madhivanan Balakrishnan

COO, IDFC FIRST Bank Ltd

IDFC FIRST Bank

46:

Managing Director, Head of India and a member of the

Executive Management of Warburg Pincus. Prior to joining Warburg Pincus in 2006, he

was a Principal at Greenbriar Equity Group, a fund focussed on Private Equity investments

in the transportation sector. Prior to that, Mr. Mahadevia worked at Three Cities Research,

a New York-based Private Equity Fund and as a Consultant with McKinsey & Company.

He received a B.S. in Economics with a concentration in Finance & B.S. in Electrical

Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania.

Board of Directors

IDFC FIRST Bank

80:

Managing Director and CEO

Mr. V Vaidyanathan worked with Citibank and ICICI Group. He then acquired a stake

in an existing listed small wholesale NBFC, concluded a Leveraged Management

Buyout of the company, recapitalised the company by raising fresh equity, and founded

Capital First (2012) as a new entity and brand. He then turned around the company

and took it to significant scale and profitability and multiplied the market cap manifold.

He later agreed to merge Capital First with IDFC Bank and became the MD & CEO of

the merged entity renamed as IDFC FIRST Bank. He is currently working on the vision

of the bank “To build a world class bank in India, guided by ethics and customer-first

values, powered by technology, and be a force for social good.”

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Annual Report 2020-21

81:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Board of Directors are pleased to present the Seventh Annual Report of IDFC FIRST Bank Limited (‘IDFC FIRST Bank’

or the ‘Bank’) together with the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2021.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

(` in crore)

Particulars

FY 2021

FY 2020

Deposits

88,688

65,108

Borrowings

45,786

57,397

Investments

45,412

45,405

Advances

100,550

85,595

Total Assets / Liabilities

163,144

149,200

Total Income

18,222

18,030

Profit before Depreciation and Tax

805

(2,073)

Net Profit

452

(2,864)

Appropriations

Transfer to Statutory Reserve

114

-

Transfer to Capital Reserve

149

166

Transfer to Special Reserve

24

-

Transfer from Investment Reserve

335

-

Dividend paid (includes tax on dividend)

-

-

Balance in profit and loss account carried forward

(3,729)

(3,560)

Capital adequacy ratio (Basel III)

13.77%

13.38%

Gross NPA %

4.15%

2.60%

Net NPA %

1.86%

0.94%

Return on Assets

0.28%

(1.79%)

STATE OF AFFAIRS OF THE BANK

The Bank has successfully diversified its business mix and

added new revenue streams after the Merger. Now it has

expanded its reach to serve new customer segments both

on the retail as well as wholesale side of the business. The

achievements during the FY 2020-21 are mentioned below –

1.

Strong Growth in Retail Assets:

•

Retail Book increased 29% Y-o-Y to ` 73,673 crore

as on March 31, 2021 from ` 57,310 crore as on

March 31, 2020.

•

Retail Book constitutes 63% of Funded Loan

Assets as on March 31, 2021 compared to 54%

as on March 31, 2020. Including the Priority

Sector Lending (‘PSL’) buyout portfolio, where the

underlying assets are retail loans, the retail assets

contribution to overall funded assets stood at 67%

as of March 31, 2021.

•

Wholesale Book decreased by 14% to ` 33,920

crore as on March 31, 2021 from ` 39,388 crore as

on March 31, 2020.

•

Within Wholesale Book, the Infrastructure loans

decreased by 27% to ` 10,808 crore as on March

31, 2021 from ` 14,840 crore as on March 31, 2020.

2.

Strong Growth in Retail Liabilities:

•

The Total CASA Deposits increased to ` 45,896

crore as on March 31, 2021 from ` 20,661 crore as

on March 31, 2020, Y-o-Y increase of 122%.

•

CASA Ratio improved to 51.75% as on March 31,

2021 from 31.87% as on March 31, 2020.

•

Strong CASA growth of ` 25,235 crore during

FY21 and ` 5,333 crore during Q4 FY21.

•

Retail Deposits (Retail CASA and Retail Term

Deposits) increased to ` 63,894 crore as on March

31, 2021 from ` 33,924 crore as on March 31,

2020, Y-o-Y increase of 88%.

•

IDFC FIRST Bank Fixed Deposit program was

assigned highest safety rating of ‘FAAA’ by CRISIL.

•

Bank consciously reduced Certificate of Deposits

(‘CD’) to ` 5,964 crore as on March 31, 2021 from

` 7,111 crore as on March 31, 2020, a Y-o-Y

reduction of 16%, as CD are short term institutional

borrowing in nature, and replaced them with Retail:

letter

dated May 10, 2020, acknowledged the proposed increase

in Authorised Share Capital and consequent amendment

to be carried out in the Memorandum of Association of the

Bank, subject to compliance with relevant statutes and

circulars/ instructions/ guidelines issued by RBI from time

to time.

As on March 31, 2021, the Authorised Share Capital of the

Bank was ` 75,38,00,00,000 comprising of 7,50,00,00,000

equity shares of ` 10 each and 38,00,000 preference shares

of ` 100 each.

Paid-up Equity Share Capital

Issue of Equity Shares on Preferential basis (‘Preferential

Issue’)

Our Bank has grown steadily on its business and financial

parameters during the recent years. Our Bank is one

of India’s fastest growing private sector banks with an

expanding presence across the country.

Basis the approval of the Board of Directors of the Bank at

their meeting held on May 01, 2020 and by virtue of special

resolution passed by the shareholders of the Bank through

postal ballot on June 03, 2020, the Allotment, Transfer and

Routine Matters Committee had at its meeting held on

June 12, 2020, approved the issue and allotment of

86,24,40,704 (Eighty-Six Crore Twenty-Four Lakh Forty

Thousand Seven Hundred and Four) equity shares of face

value of ` 10 each fully paid-up, at a price of ` 23.19 per

Equity Share (including premium of ` 13.19 per share),

aggregating to ~ ` 2,000 crore on a preferential basis, the

offer/issue price being determined in accordance with the

applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2018, as amended (‘SEBI ICDR Regulations’).:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (‘MD &

CEO’) for a period of three years with effect from December

19, 2021, subject to the approval of the shareholders and the

Reserve Bank of India. The approval of the shareholders in

this regard is being sought at the ensuing AGM of the Bank.

The details of the Director being re-appointed is set out in

the Notice of the ensuing AGM of the Bank.

Brief profiles of all the Directors of the Bank are available

on the Bank’s website at www.idfcfirstbank.com under the

‘Board of Directors’ section.

None of the Directors of the Bank are disqualified in

accordance with Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013.

Further, the Bank had received declaration from all the

Independent Directors (‘IDs’), at the time of appointment and

also at the first meeting of the Board of Directors held in FY

2020-21, that they meet the criteria of independence specified

under sub-section (6) of Section 149 of the Companies Act,

2013, read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and

Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 16(1)

(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, for holding the position

of ID and that they shall abide by the ‘Code for Independent

Directors’ as per Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013.

In the opinion of the Board, the IDs possess the requisite

integrity, experience, expertise and proficiency required

under all applicable laws and the policies of the Bank.

Further, all the IDs of the Bank have complied and affirmed

to abide by Rule 6 (Creation and Maintenance of Databank

of Persons Offering to become Independent Directors) of

the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors)

Rules, 2014, as amended, and have also declared their

enrollment in the databank of Independent Directors

maintained by Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (‘IICA’).

Further, it is reported by M/s. Makarand M. Joshi & Co.,

Practicing Company Secretaries, Bank’s Secretarial Auditor

that during the financial year under review, the Board

of Directors of the Bank is duly constituted with proper

balance of Executive Director, Non-Executive Directors and

Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of

the Board of Directors that took place during the period

under review were carried out in compliance with the

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and other applicable

RBI Regulations laws.

Further, as per the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Bank has

received Certificate from M/s. Bhandari & Associates,

Practicing Company Secretaries that none of the Directors

on the Board of the Bank have been debarred or disqualified

from being appointed or continuing as directors of

Companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India/

Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other statutory

authority.

FRAMEWORK FOR APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS

The Bank has in place a framework for Board Diversity, Fit &

Proper Criteria and Succession Planning for appointment of

Directors on the Board of the Bank.

FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMMES FOR BOARD

MEMBERS

At the time of appointment, all Directors of our Bank are

familiarized with their roles, responsibilities, rights and duties

along with a brief overview of our Bank’s operations in a

nutshell.

The Board members are further provided with necessary

documents, reports and internal policies to enable them to

familiarize with the Bank’s procedures and practices.

Periodic presentations are made at the Board and Committee

meetings on business and performance of the Bank, global

business environment, business strategy and associated

risks, responsibilities of the Directors etc.

Detailed presentations on the Bank’s business and updates

thereon were made at the meetings of the Board and

Committees held during the year.

The details of the said programmes are available on

the Bank’s website at www.idfcfirstbank.com under the

‘Investors’ section.

BOARD EVALUATION

The Board of Directors (‘Board’) has carried out an annual

evaluation of the Board, Board Committees, and Individual

Directors pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations for the financial year

2020-21.

The detailed process indicating the manner in which the

annual evaluation has been carried out pursuant to the SEBI

Listing Regulations and Companies Act, 2013 is provided in

the Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of this

Annual Report.

NUMBER OF MEETINGS OF THE BOARD

The Board met thirteen (13) times during FY 2020-21 viz., May

01, 2020, May 22, 2020, July 24, 2020, July 28, 2020, August

28, 2020, September 11, 2020, October 08, 2020, October

31, 2020, January 09, 2021, January 30, 2021, February 18,

2021, March 22, 2021 and March 31, 2021; details of which

are given in the Corporate Governance Report, which forms

part of this Annual Report. The maximum interval between

any two consecutive meetings did not exceeded 120 days.

BOARD COMMITTEES

In compliance with various regulatory requirements, several

Board-level Committees have been constituted to delegate

matters that require greater and more focused attention.

Details on the constitution, brief terms of reference, meetings

held and attendance of all the Board-level Committees are

given in the Corporate Governance Report which forms part

of this Annual Report.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Sudhanshu Jain

Chief Financial Officer & Head - Corporate Centre

Mr. Satish Gaikwad

Head – Legal & Company Secretary:

Managing Director

& CEO and Mr. Sudhanshu Jain, Chief Financial Officer &

Head - Corporate Centre of the Bank, in terms of Regulation

17(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, for the year under

review was placed before the Board of Directors and forms

part of this Annual Report.

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

The Business Responsibility Report, in terms of Regulation

34(2)(f) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, describing the

initiatives taken by IDFC FIRST Bank from an environmental,

social and governance perspective is hosted on the Bank’s

website at www.idfcfirstbank.com under the ‘Investors’

section and constitutes a part of this Annual Report.

VIGIL MECHANISM/ WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY

The Bank has implemented a Whistle Blower Policy

in compliance with the provisions of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, Companies Act, 2013 and RBI notification on

Introduction of ‘Protected Disclosures Scheme for Private

Sector and Foreign Banks’. Pursuant to this policy, the

Whistle Blowers can raise concerns relating to reportable

matters (as defined in the policy) such as breach of IDFC

FIRST Bank’s Code of Conduct, employee misconduct,

fraud, illegal unethical imprudent behavior, leakage of

Unpublished Price Sensitive Information, corruption, safety

and misappropriation or misuse of Bank funds/ assets etc.

Further, the mechanism adopted by the Bank encourages

the Whistle Blower to report genuine concerns or grievances

and provides for adequate safeguards against victimization

of Whistle Blower to those who avail such mechanism and

also provides for direct access to the Chairman of the Audit

Committee, in exceptional cases.

The Audit Committee reviews the functioning of the Vigil

Mechanism from time to time. None of the Whistle Blowers

has been denied access to the Audit Committee of the

Board. The Whistle Blower Policy is available on the Bank’s

website at www.idfcfirstbank.com under ‘Investors’ section.

The Whistle Blower Policy is communicated to the employees

and is also posted on the Bank’s intranet.:

Managing Director & CEO

Place: Mumbai

DIN: 00040769

DIN: 00082596:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

DIN: 00082596

DIN: 06371682

Sudhanshu Jain

Satish Gaikwad

Date: June 16, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Chief Financial Officer and

Head-Corporate Centre

Head - Legal and Company Secretary

ANNEXURE 1

Form No. AOC -1

Statement containing Salient Features of the Financial Statements of Subsidiaries / Associate Companies

/ Joint Ventures as on the Financial Year ended on March 31, 2021

[Pursuant to first proviso to Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]

A. SUBSIDIARIES

(` in crore)

Sr.

No.

Name of

Subsidiary

Company

Date since

when

subsidiary

was

acquired

Share

Capital

Reserves

and

Surplus

Total

Assets

Total

Liabilities

(Note 3)

Investments Turnover

Profit

Before

Tax

Provision

For Tax

Profit

After

Tax

Proposed

Dividend

(%)

% of

Share-

holding

1

IDFC FIRST

Bharat

Limited

October 13,

2016

5.58

177.31 303.62

120.73

-

463.70

40.34

11.64

28.70

-

100%

Notes:

1

Names of Subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: Not Applicable

2

Names of Subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: Not Applicable

3

Total Liabilities is excluding Share Capital and Reserves & Surplus

4

Numbers are as per IND-AS financial statements.

B. ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES

Sr.

No.

Name of Associate Company

Millennium City Expressways Private Limited (Note 3)

1

Date on which the Associate or Joint Venture was associated or acquired

October 21, 2014

2

Latest audited Balance Sheet Date

March 31, 2021

3

Shares of Associate held by the Bank on the year end

Number of Equity Shares

22,63,83,431

Amount of Investment in Associate Company (` in crore)

226.38

Extent of Holding (%)

29.98%

4

Description of how there is significant influence

Extent of equity holding in the associate company

exceeds 20%

5

Reason why the Associate is not consolidated

Not Applicable (refer Note 4)

6

Networth attributable to Bank’s Shareholding as per latest

audited Balance Sheet (` in crore)

Nil

7

Profit / (Loss) for the year ended March 31, 2021 (` in crore)

I.

Considered in Consolidation

-

II.

Not considered in Consolidation

(125.38)

Notes:

1

Names of Associates or Joint Ventures which are yet to commence operations: Not Applicable

2

Names of Associates or Joint Ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year: Not Applicable

3

The financials of Millennium City Expressways Private Limited for the year ended March 31, 2021 are unaudited.

4.

Investment in Millennium City Expressways Private Limited is fully provided.:

Managing Director & CEO

104 : 1

-30%

2.

Mr. Aashish Kamat

Independent Director

4.8 : 1

-

3.

Dr. (Mrs.) Brinda Jagirdar

Independent Director

6.7 : 1

-

4.

Mr. Hemang Raja

Independent Director

6.5 : 1

-

5.

Mr. Pravir Vohra

Independent Director

5.8 : 1

-

6.

Mr. Sanjeeb Chaudhuri

Independent Director

5.0 : 1

-

7.

Mr. Sunil Kakar

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

-

-

8.

Mr. Vishal Mahadevia

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

-

-

9.

Mr. Sudhanshu Jain

KMP – CFO & Head-Corporate Centre

-

Nil

10.

Mr. Satish Gaikwad

KMP – Head-Legal & Company Secretary

-

Nil

11.

Dr. Rajiv B. Lall

Part-Time Non-Executive Chairman

5.6 : 1

Nil

12.

Mr. Anand Sinha

Independent Director

3.9 : 1

-

13.

Ms. Anindita Sinharay

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

-

-

14.

Dr. Sanjay Kumar

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

-

-

Note:

Executive Director:

In case of: Managing Director & CEO, we have considered Total Fixed Pay, as approved by the RBI, for the computation of ratios. Total Fixed Pay includes Fixed

Salary, allowances and employee contribution to Provident fund. Further, there has been a reduction in the remuneration of Managing Director & CEO in the

FY 2020-21. In view of the distress caused by COVID-19 pandemic which had impacted the overall economy, and as part of the Bank’s austerity measures

which start at the top, the Mr. V. Vaidyanathan, Managing Director & CEO had voluntarily offered to take a pay cut of 30% in his compensation including Fixed

compensation as well as all allowances for FY 2020-21.

Independent / Non-Executive Directors:

In case of Part-Time Non-Executive

Managing Director & CEO

Place: Mumbai

DIN: 00040769

DIN: 00082596:

Managing Director & CEO

Place: Mumbai

DIN: 00040769

DIN: 00082596:

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this

report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility

of the management of the Bank. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based

on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial

records. The verification was done on test basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices,

we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of financial records and Books of

Accounts of the Bank.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events, etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Bank nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Bank.

For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

Practicing Company Secretaries

Kumudini Bhalerao

Partner

FCS No. 6667

CP No. 6690

UDIN: F006667C000341276

Peer Review No : P2009MH007000

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 18, 2021

Annexure A:

letter.

Expanding the product suite

The Bank continues to expand capital market offering for

its customers with the launch of the Application Supported

by Blocked Amount (ASBA). This allows customers to apply

for IPOs digitally via netbanking as well as through ASBA-

designated branches. The features of this offering include

simplification of the application process and assistance

during the user’s online journeys.

Yet another segment where the Bank expanded convenience

was forex for retail customers. It offered services of global

fund transfer in 13 currencies to resident as well as non-

resident customers at competitive exchange rates. Our

customers can now also send money abroad digitally via

netbanking 24/7 at guaranteed exchange rates for a wide

variety of purposes.

Business Banking

The Bank undertook a number of initiatives to offer best-in-

class products and digital platforms to small businesses.

With this objective, the Freedom Current Account & World

Business Account were launched. These variants provide

competitive transaction charges across all domestic and

international trade transactions. This provided customers the

ability to access their account anytime and from anywhere

without charges. The Bank supplemented this with its best-

in-class business account management app and digital trade

platform. The digital platform provides end-to-end support

from transaction initiation to regulatory closure with integrated

forex rate booking – all on a single platform.

As part of customer offerings in this space, the Bank curated

‘Beyond Banking offers’ by partnering with various fin-techs

in the space of ERP solutions, HRMS payroll, legal, taxation

advisory, school management, society management, etc.

Our Beyond Banking product suite now has over 50 offers

and is growing at a healthy pace with an overwhelming

market response.

In support of India’s start-up story, the Bank supports

customers in their early stages of business with preferential

pricing and Beyond Banking offers. The merchant acquiring

solution was also launched by the Bank along with a simplified

the UPI-QR solution to strengthen the proposition for retail

customers. These solutions have found healthy adoption and

acceptability by customers.

The Bank’s Business Banking vertical supports Micro,

Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) by meeting their

working capital requirements through a diverse offerings for

both funded and non-funded lending. The Bank developed

capabilities for the relationship manager to onboard

Annual Report 2020-21

115

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

letter of law, IDFC FIRST Bank not only

complies with the requirements of Companies Act, 2013,

Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and mandated elements of

Listing Regulations, but also incorporates most of the non-

mandatory recommendations.

This Chapter, read with the chapters on Management

Discussion & Analysis, and Directors’ Report confirms IDFC

FIRST Bank’s compliance with the Listing Regulations.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors (the ‘Board’) of the Bank brings with

them, a wide range of significant professional expertise, skills

and rich experience across a wide spectrum of functional

areas such as Management, Administration, Economics,

Banking,

Finance,

Accounting,

Auditing,

Information

Technology, Business Management, Risk Management,

Agricultural Economics, etc.

The Bank encourages Board diversity and balance of skills

at the same time, to ensure effective decision making.

The Board has been constituted in compliance with the

Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the Companies Act, 2013,

Listing Regulations and in accordance with the best

practices in Corporate Governance across the Industry.

Changes in the Board

During the year under review, the Board of the Bank had

an optimum combination of Executive and Non-Executive

Directors with excellent knowledge and experience in

various fields relating to the business activities of the Bank.

During the year under review, pursuant to the instructions

received from Department of Financial Services, Ministry of

Finance, Government of India (‘Ministry of Finance, GoI’) for

change in Nominee Director, the Board through its Circular

Resolution dated June 22, 2020 approved the appointment

of Dr. Sanjay Kumar (DIN 08764419) as Additional Director

in the category of Nominee Director representing Ministry of

Finance, GoI with effect from close of business hours of June

22, 2020, subject to the approval of the shareholders of the

Bank and other applicable statutory/ regulatory approvals

and noted the consequent stepping-down of Nominee

Director, Ms. Anindita Sinharay (DIN 07724555) representing

Ministry of Finance, GoI, with effect from close of business

hours of June 22, 2020.

The aforesaid appointment of Dr. Sanjay Kumar was

approved by the shareholders of the Bank at its 6th Annual

General Meeting held on July 30, 2020.

During the year under review, Dr. Rajiv B. Lall (DIN 00131782)

tendered his resignation as Part-Time Non-Executive

Chairman of the Bank citing reason that he has been dealing

with prolonged personal health issues. The Board noted his

resignation with effect from September 04, 2020, vide its

Circular Resolution dated September 04, 2020.

Pursuant to Reserve Bank of India (‘RBI’) Circular Ref:DBOD.

No.BC.24/08.139.001/2002-03, dated September 09, 2002,

on ‘Implementation of Recommendations of the Consultative

Group of Directors of Banks/ Financial Institutions’, in view

of attaining an age of 70 years, Mr. Anand Sinha (DIN

00682433) ceased to be an Independent Director of the

Bank with effect from the close of business hours of February

02, 2021. The Board noted the same at its meeting held on

January 30, 2021.

The Ministry of Finance, GoI vide its communication dated

March 25, 2021 had mentioned that the Government of India

has been minority shareholder in Bank and is not involved

in day to day operation of the Bank, and accordingly it was

decided to withdraw its nominee representation from the

Board of the Bank. Pursuant to aforesaid communication, the

Board of the Bank vide its Circular Resolution dated March

25, 2021, noted the cessation of directorship held by Dr.

Sanjay Kumar as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

(Nominee Director representing Ministry of Finance, GoI) of:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer (the ‘MD & CEO’)

Mr. Sunil Kakar is representing IDFC Limited. As on March

31, 2021, IDFC Financial Holding Company Limited held

39.98% equity shares in the Bank.

Subsequent to the year under review, based on the

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee (‘NRC’), the Board at its meeting held on April

30, 2021, approved the appointment of Mr. S. Ganesh Kumar

(DIN 07635860) as an Additional Director in the category

of Independent Director of the Bank for a period of five (5)

consecutive years, effective from April 30, 2021 to hold office

up to April 29, 2026 (both days inclusive). Further, on May 08,

2021, the Board of Directors on the recommendation of the

NRC, approved the re-appointment of Mr. Pravir Vohra (DIN

00082545) as an Independent Director of the Bank for a

second term of five (5) consecutive years, commencing from

August 01, 2021 up to July 31, 2026 (both days inclusive).

The aforesaid appointment of Mr. S. Ganesh Kumar and re-

appointment of Mr. Pravir Vohra is subject to approval of the

shareholders of the Bank at ensuing Annual General Meeting

and other applicable statutory/ regulatory approvals, as

required.

Further, the Board of Directors of the Bank at its meeting held

on June 16, 2021, based on the recommendation of the NRC

and performance evaluation, as applicable, have approved

the re-appointment of Mr. V. Vaidyanathan (DIN 00082596)

as the MD & CEO for a period of three (3) years with effect

from December 19, 2021, subject to the approval of the

shareholders and the Reserve Bank of India.

Brief profiles of all the Directors of the Bank are available

on the Bank’s website at www.idfcfirstbank.com under the

‘Board of Directors’ section.

The Board has complete access to all the information about

the Bank. The Board is frequently provided with necessary

documents, reports and internal policies to enable them to get

familiarised with the Bank’s procedures and practices. The

details of familiarisation programmes imparted to Directors

are disclosed on the Bank’s website: www.idfcfirstbank.com

under ‘Investors’ section.

Skills/ Expertise/ Competence of Board of Bank

The Bank recognizes and embraces the importance of a

diverse Board and is endowed with appropriate balance

of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives thereby

ensuring effective Board governance. The Board has

reviewed and adopted the Policy on Board Diversity, which

sets out its approach to ensure Board diversity, so as to

enhance its effectiveness while discharging its fiduciary

obligations towards the stakeholders of the Bank. The

Bank considers diversity in skills, regional and industry

experience, expertise and educational background whilst

determining the composition of its Board. The Bank also

considers the principles relating to fit and proper norms as

prescribed by the RBI and confirms that each Director is also

in compliance with the norms as prescribed by the Ministry

of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’) and SEBI under applicable laws,

whilst determining the composition of its Board.

Our Bank, being a Banking Company, is regulated by

the provisions of Banking Regulation Act, 1949, Listing

Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013. In terms of Section

10A(2)(a) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 read with RBI

notification no. DBR. Appt. BC. No.38/29.39.001/2016-17

dated November 24, 2016, requires that not less than 51%

of the total number of members of the Board of Directors of

a Banking Company shall consist of persons, who shall have

special knowledge or practical experience in respect of one

or more of the following matters, namely;

(i)

accountancy

(ii)

agriculture and rural economy

(iii) banking

(iv) co-operation

(v) economics

(vi) finance

(vii) law

(viii) small-scale industry

(ix) Information Technology

(x) Payment & Settlement Systems

(xi) Human Resources

(xii) Risk Management

(xiii) Business Management

(xiv) any other matter the special knowledge of, and practical

experience in, which would, in the opinion of the RBI, be

useful to the Banking Company.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer

13/13

Dr. Rajiv B. Lall

00131782

63

Part-Time Non-Executive Chairman

2/5

Mr. Anand Sinha

00682433

70

Independent Director

10/10

Dr. Sanjay Kumar

08764419

44

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

(was representing Ministry of Finance, GoI

– Equity Investor)

0/10

Ms. Anindita Sinharay

07724555

45

0/2

Table No. 1: Composition of Board of Directors for FY 2020-21 and other details as on March 31, 2021

Notes:

1

Ms. Anindita Sinharay ceased to be Government Nominee Director, with effect from close of business hours of June 22, 2020, pursuant to

communication received from Ministry of Finance, Government of India.

2

Dr. Sanjay Kumar was appointed as Government Nominee Director of the Bank, with effect from close of business hours of June 22, 2020 and

later on, he ceased to be Government Nominee Director with effect from close of business hours of March 25, 2021, pursuant to communications

received from Ministry of Finance, Government of India.

3

Dr. Rajiv B. Lall has resigned as Part-Time Non-Executive Chairman of the Bank with effect from September 04, 2020.

4

Mr. Anand Sinha ceased to be Independent Director of the Bank with effect from close of business hours of February 02, 2021, in view of him

attaining an age of 70 years.

5

Subsequent to FY 2020-21, Mr. S. Ganesh Kumar has been appointed as Independent Director of the Bank with effect from April 30, 2021.

6

None of the Directors of the Bank were Member of more than 10 committees or acted as Chairperson of more than 5 committees across all

Public Limited Companies in which they were Directors in terms of Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations.

7

None of the Directors held directorship in more than 10 Public Limited Companies.

Name of the Director

DIN

Completed

Age

Position on the Board

Board Meetings

attended in FY 2020-

21

Mr. Aashish Kamat

06371682

55

Independent Director

12/13

Dr. (Mrs.) Brinda Jagirdar

06979864

68

Independent Director

13/13

Mr. Hemang Raja

00040769

62

Independent Director

13/13

Mr. Pravir Vohra

00082545

66

Independent Director

13/13

Mr. Sanjeeb Chaudhuri

03594427

68

Independent Director

13/13

Mr. Sunil Kakar

03055561

63

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

(representing IDFC Limited – Equity

Investor)

13/13

Mr. Vishal Mahadevia

01035771

48

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

13/13

Mr. V. Vaidyanathan

00082596

53: Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer

13/13

Dr. Rajiv B. Lall

00131782

63

Part-Time Non-Executive

Managing Director & CEO)

2 (0)

No

3

1

Apollo Tyres Limited

(Non-Executive – Non Independent Director)

1 (0)

Yes

1

0

None

1 (0)

No

Not Applicable, as ceased to be Director of the Bank as on March 31, 2021

Yes

Yes

Not

Applicable

Whether

attended

Sixth AGM

held on July

30, 2020*

Number of Directorships

Directorship in other Listed Company

excluding IDFC FIRST Bank

(Category of Directorship)

No. of Committee

Membership

(Chairmanship)

of Companies

(including IDFC

FIRST Bank)#

of Indian

Public Limited

Companies

(including

IDFC FIRST

Bank)

of other

Companies^

Yes

1

1

None

1 (1)

Yes

6

0

Rane Engine Valve Limited (Independent Director)

Rane Brake Lining Limited (Independent Director)

5 (0)

Yes

2

0

Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited

(Non-Executive – Non Independent Director)

[Shareholder Nominee Director]

1 (0)

Yes

4

0

Thomas Cook (India) Limited

(Independent Director)

3i Infotech Limited

(Non-Independent Director)

5 (2)

Yes

1

0

None

2 (1)

Yes

6

3

IDFC Limited

(Executive Director,: Managing Director & CEO)

2 (0)

No

3

1

Apollo Tyres Limited

(Non-Executive – Non Independent Director)

1 (0)

Yes

1

0

None

1 (0)

No

Not Applicable, as ceased to be Director of the Bank as on March 31, 2021

Yes

Yes

Not

Applicable

8

None of the Directors were related to each other.

9

None of the Directors of the Bank served as Director or Independent Director in more than 7 listed companies.

10

Mr. V. Vaidyanathan, MD & CEO, was not on Board of any other company.

*

Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, and the Stakeholders’ Relationship and Customer Service

Committee were present at the 6th AGM held on July 30, 2020. Dr. Rajiv B. Lall and Mr. Vishal Mahadevia could not attend the 6th AGM due to

their personal commitments/ exigencies.

^

Excludes directorship held in Foreign Companies but includes Private Limited Companies and Section 8 Companies in India.

#

Includes memberships of Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of all Indian Public Limited Companies including IDFC

FIRST Bank Limited; figures in brackets indicate number of Committee

Managing Director and Whole-time Directors), not

exceeding in aggregate, 1% of the net profits of the Bank

as computed in the manner laid down in Section 198 of the

Companies Act, 2013 or maximum of ` 10 Lakh per annum

to each of such Directors as per RBI guidelines, whichever

is lower.

Our Bank did not pay any commission to its NEDs for the FY

2020-21.

Pursuant to RBI Circular No. RBI/2021-22/24 DOR.

GOV.REC.8/29.67.001/2021-22 dated April 26, 2021 on

‘Corporate Governance in Banks - Appointment of Directors

and Constitution of Committees of the Board’, basis the

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration:

letter dated January 22, 2021. Further during the FY 2020-21, in terms of Section 35B of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the

30,00,000 stock options granted to Mr. V. Vaidyanathan, MD & CEO in October 2019, was duly approved by the RBI vide its e-mail dated April

13, 2020.

2

In view of the distress caused by COVID-19 pandemic which had impacted the overall economy, in order to demonstrate responsible leadership

and to set the tone at the top for the Bank’s austerity measures, the MD & CEO had voluntarily offered to take a pay cut of 30% for his

compensation of FY 2020-21, including all Fixed compensation as well as all allowances.

3

During FY 2020-21, an amount of ` 1,40,92,400 was paid to Mr. V. Vaidyanathan towards Performance Bonus for FY 2019-20 and the same was

duly approved by the RBI vide its: letter dated January 22, 2021.

4

Dr. Rajiv B. Lall has resigned as Part-Time Non-Executive

letter, including necessary intimations to Stock

exchanges about the record/ maturity dates.

The Bank also proactively undertook series of initiatives

including newspaper advertisements, sending emails and

SMS, to encourage the Bondholders to update their Bank

Account/ Address and other details in order to ensure

seamless redemption of maturity proceeds.

Additionally, with the objective of easing the process of

claiming maturity proceeds, an URL link - https://ris.kfintech.

com/clientservices/bonds/bankmandate/bankmandate.aspx

was also activated and has been live for bondholder to

update bank account, address and other details.

For any further information, you are requested to visit Bond

Section on our website www.idfcfirstbank.com.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 125 of the Companies

Act, 2013, read with the Investor Education and Protection

Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund)

Rules, 2016, any matured debentures and interest accrued

which remains unclaimed/ unpaid for a period of seven

years from the date it became due for payment is required

to be transferred to the IEPF established by the Central

Government. After such transfer, no claim shall lie against

the Bank. However, the Bondholders can claim the unpaid

amount from the IEPF Authority.

For any query related to Bond redemption/ interest payment

kindly contact our Registrar and Transfer Agent, KFin

Technologies Private Limited on Toll Free No.: 1800 309 4001

or send an E-mail at einward.ris@kfintech.com. You may also

reach us on Toll Free No.: 1800 266 0404 or send an E-mail

at ig@idfcfirstbank.com.

Private Placement Bonds

Private Placement bonds of IDFC FIRST Bank are listed and

traded on NSE and BSE, wherever applicable, as per their

respective Information Memorandum/ Term Sheets. The

trading details for Private Placement bonds can be obtained

by sending an e-mail at bank.info@idfcfirstbank.com

The annual listing fees for FY 2021-22 for both the aforesaid

bonds have been paid.

MARKET PRICE DATA

Table No. 16 gives the monthly high and low quotation of IDFC FIRST Bank’s equity shares traded on BSE Limited (‘BSE’)

and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (‘NSE’) during FY 2020-21.

Table No. 16 : Monthly High & Low Prices of IDFC FIRST Bank’s Equity Shares during FY 2020-21 along with Traded

Volumes

Month

BSE

NSE

High (in `)

Low (in `)

Volume

High (in `)

Low (in `)

Volume

April 2020

26.90

19.50

2,25,09,829

26.90

19.50

52,80,14,104

May 2020

22.85

18.50

3,26,50,927

23.25

18.45

77,02,80,360

June 2020

29.25

22.45

9,99,54,565

29.25

22.40

1,36,42,79,287

July 2020

29.75

24.10

5,40,19,462

29.20

24.10

89,38,52,554

August 2020

34.50

26.00

6,19,80,969

34.50

26.00

1,01,17,02,892

September 2020

32.75

26.85

6,71,14,861

32.75

26.85

87,04,42,894

October 2020

32.30

29.80

3,44,30,384

32.25

29.75

55,28,30,104

November 2020

37.75

29.90

4,70,97,678

38.50

29.90

71,33,86,893

December 2020

39.00

32.85

4,71,26,233

39.05

32.90

58,55,93,457

January 2021

52.45

36.90

10,18,37,813

52.45

36.85

1,28,83,23,462

February 2021

65.85

43.80

8,64,25,501

66.80

43.75

1,38,78,40,786

March 2021

69.30

55.35

6,57,92,720

69.30

55.30

87,38,37,857:

letter dated April 05, 2021 to shareholders in respect of the

shares on which dividend declared by eCFL for FY 2013-14,

had remained unpaid or unclaimed for seven consecutive

years or more, requesting them to claim such dividend latest

by July 14, 2021, so as to avoid the corresponding shares

being transferred to the IEPF authority. Simultaneously, an

advertisement to this effect was published in leading English

and vernacular newspapers.

Shareholders who either have not received or have not

encashed their dividend warrant(s) as specified above,

are requested to write to KFin Technologies Private Limited

[earlier Karvy Fintech Private Limited] (‘KFIN’), mentioning

the relevant Folio number(s)/ DP ID and Client ID, for

issuance of duplicate/ revalidated dividend warrant(s).

All shares in respect of which dividend has not been claimed

or paid for a period of seven consecutive years or more from

the date they became due for payment are required to be

transferred to the demat account of IEPF in the manner

prescribed under the IEPF Authority (Accounting, Audit,

Transfer and Refund) Amendment Rules, 2017 as may be

amended from time to time. Upon transfer of such shares,

all benefits (e.g. bonus, spilt etc.), if any, accruing on such

shares shall also be credited to the IEPF Demat Account and

the voting rights on such shares shall remain frozen till the

rightful owner claims the shares.

In this connection, during FY 2020-21, IDFC FIRST Bank

had sent intimation letters to shareholders in respect of the

shares on which dividend declared by erstwhile Capital First

Limited for FY 2012-13, had remained unpaid or unclaimed

for seven consecutive years or more, requesting them to

claim such dividend so as to avoid the corresponding shares

being transferred to the IEPF authority. Simultaneously, an

advertisement to this effect was published in leading English

and vernacular newspapers.

During FY 2020-21 IDFC FIRST Bank had transferred to the IEPF, the following unclaimed Dividends which were declared by

erstwhile Capital First Limited for FY 2012-13 and shares:

Particulars

Amount of

Dividend (`)

No. of shares

Unclaimed Dividend for the FY 2012-13 and Shares on which Dividend had remained unpaid

or unclaimed for seven consecutive years or more, transferred during FY 2020-21 to IEPF

` 3,66,029

2,443

The dividend amount and shares transferred to the IEPF can

be claimed by the concerned shareholders from the IEPF

Authority after complying with the procedure prescribed

under the IEPF Rules. The details of the unclaimed

dividends are also available on the Bank’s website at www.

idfcfirstbank.com under ‘Investors’ section and the said

details have also been uploaded on the website of the IEPF

Authority and the same can be accessed through www.

iepf.gov.in.

As on March 31, 2021, 4,74,501 equity shares are lying with

IEPF.

Share Transfer System

IDFC FIRST Bank has appointed KFIN as its Registrar

and Share Transfer Agent. All share transfers and related

operations are conducted by KFIN, which is registered with

SEBI as a Category I Registrar.

In terms of Regulation 40(1) of SEBI Listing Regulations, as

amended from time to time, securities can be transferred

only in dematerialized form with effect from April 01, 2019,

except in case of request received for transmission or

transposition of securities. Further, SEBI has fixed March

31, 2021 as the cut-off date for re-lodgement of transfer

deeds and the shares that are re-lodged for transfer shall

be issued only in demat mode. Members holding shares

in physical form are requested to consider converting their

holdings to dematerialized form. Transfers of equity shares

in electronic form are processed through the depositories

with no involvement of the Bank. The Allotment, Transfer and

Routine Matters Committee are authorized by the Board to

approve matters related to transfer/ transmission, remat/

demat of shares, issue of duplicate shares, etc.

IDFC FIRST Bank has a Stakeholders’ Relationship and

Customer Service Committee for redressing complaints and

queries raised by Shareholders, Investors and Customers,

from time to time.

IDFC FIRST Bank’s shares are compulsorily traded in

dematerialised mode. A half-yearly certificate of compliance

with the share transfer formalities as required under

Regulation 40(9) of the Listing Regulations is obtained

from the Practising Company Secretary and a copy of the

certificate is filed with the Stock Exchanges.

As required by SEBI, Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit

is conducted by a Practising Company Secretary on a

quarterly basis, for the purpose, inter-alia, of reconciliation of

the total admitted equity share capital with the depositories

and in the physical form with the total issued/ paid-up equity

capital of the Bank.

Certificates issued in this regard are filed with BSE and NSE

on a quarterly basis.:

Managing Director & CEO

Place: Mumbai

DIN: 00040769

DIN: 00082596:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and Sudhanshu Jain, Chief Financial

Officer & Head - Corporate Centre of IDFC FIRST Bank Limited (‘the Bank’) hereby certify to the Board that:

[a] We have reviewed financial statements and the cash

flow statement for the year ended March 31, 2021 and

that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially

untrue statement or omit any material fact or

contain statements that might be misleading;

(ii)

these statements together present a true and fair

view of the Bank’s affairs and are in compliance

with existing accounting standards, applicable

laws and regulations.

[b] There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no

transactions entered into by the Bank during the year

which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Bank’s

Code of Conduct.

[c] We

accept

responsibility

for

establishing

and

maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and

we have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control

systems of the Bank pertaining to financial reporting.

We have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit

Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of

such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and

the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify

these deficiencies.

[d] We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit

Committee:

(i)

significant changes in internal control over

financial reporting during the year;

(ii)

significant changes in accounting policies during

the year and the same have been disclosed in the

notes to the financial statements; and

(iii) instances of significant fraud of which we have

become aware and the involvement therein, if

any, of the management or an employee having a

significant role in the listed entity’s internal control

system over financial reporting.

[e] We affirm that no personnel has been denied access to

the Audit Committee of the Bank (in respect of matters

involving alleged misconduct, if any).

[f]

We further declare that all Board members and Senior

Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with

the ‘Code of Conduct for Board of Directors & Senior

Management Personnel’.

For IDFC FIRST Bank Limited

V. Vaidyanathan

Sudhanshu Jain: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(Membership No. 046882)

DIN: 06371682

DIN: 00082596

Satish Gaikwad

Sudhanshu Jain

Date : May 8, 2021

Head - Legal &

Chief Financial Officer &

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Head Corporate Centre

(` in Thousands)

Particulars

Schedule No.

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Capital and Liabilities

Capital

1

56,758,499

48,099,030

Employees' stock options outstanding

1a

974

-

Reserves and surplus

2

121,319,463

105,326,974

Deposits

3

886,884,214

651,079,712

Borrowings

4

457,860,854

573,971,855

Other liabilities and provisions

5

108,614,824

113,526,415

TOTAL

1,631,438,828

1,492,003,986

Assets

Cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India

6

47,459,280

33,799,209

Balances with banks and money at call and short notice

7

10,819,273

8,108,642

Investments

8

454,117,427

454,045,798

Advances

9

1,005,501,259

855,953,595

Fixed assets

10

12,664,230

10,377,265

Other assets

11

100,877,359

129,719,477

TOTAL

1,631,438,828

1,492,003,986

Contingent liabilities

12

2,124,743,417

2,806,760,832

Bills for collection

12,853,780

9,149,534

Significant accounting policies and notes to accounts

17 & 18

The schedules and the accompanying notes to accounts referred to above form an integral part of the standalone Balance Sheet.

As per our report of even date.

The balance sheet has been prepared in conformity with form ‘B’ of the Third Schedule to the Banking Regulation Act, 1949:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(Membership No. 046882)

DIN: 06371682

DIN: 00082596

Satish Gaikwad

Sudhanshu Jain

Date : May 8, 2021

Head - Legal &

Chief Financial Officer &

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Head Corporate Centre:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(Membership No. 046882)

DIN: 06371682

DIN: 00082596

Satish Gaikwad

Sudhanshu Jain

Date : May 8, 2021

Head - Legal &

Chief Financial Officer &

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Head Corporate Centre:

letter of

credit issued is recognised on straight line basis

over the period of the contract or the period for which

commission is received.

Fee on rescheduling of outstanding debt is recognised

on accrual basis over the period of time covered by the

rescheduled extension period.

Underwriting commission earned to the extent not

reduced from the cost of the securities is recognised

as fees on closure of issue.

All other fees and charges is recognised as and when

they become due and revenue can be reliably measured

and reasonable right of recovery is established.

Investments :

Profit / loss on sale of investments under the HTM, AFS

and HFT categories are recognised in the Profit and

Loss Account. The profit from sale of investment under

HTM category, is appropriated from Profit and Loss

Account to “Capital Reserve” (net of applicable taxes

and transfer to Statutory Reserve) in accordance with

the RBI guidelines.

Exchange gain or loss arising on account of revaluation

of monetary assets and liabilities is recognised in the

Profit and Loss Account as per the revaluation rates

published by Foreign Exchange Dealers’ Association of

India (‘FEDAI’).

Other operating income :

Securitisation transactions :

Net income arising on account of sale of standard asset,

being the difference between the sale consideration

and book value, is amortised over the life of the

securities issued by the Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV).

Any loss arising on account of sale is recognised in the

Profit and Loss Account in the year in which the sale

occurs.

In case of Non-Performing Assets sold to Securitisation

Company (‘SC’) / Reconstruction Company (‘RC’)

for cash, excess provision is reversed to Profit and

Loss Account. Any loss arising on account of sale is

recognised in the Profit and Loss Account in the year

in which the sale occurs. If sale is against issuance of:

letter dated March 4, 2021, having not acceded to

the dispensation, had advised the Bank to hold 100%

provisions in respect of non-compliant non-performing

loans. Further, for other non-compliant standard loans

with insignificant outstanding balance, the Bank is

required to assign additional risk weight of 25% and

make such loan accounts compliant with the extant

regulatory instructions by June 30, 2021. The Bank has

made additional provision of ` 89.34 crore for the year

ended March 31, 2021 for such non-compliant non-

performing loans and assigned additional risk weight

of 25% on other non-compliant standard loans.

18.02 Capital adequacy

The capital adequacy ratio of the Bank, calculated as per the RBI guidelines (under Basel III) is set out below :

(` in crore)

Particulars

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Tier I capital

16,974.38

14,690.12

of which common equity tier I capital

16,974.38

14,690.12

Tier II capital

647.15

89.93

Total capital

17,621.53

14,780.05

Total Risk Weighted Assets

127,943.29

110,481.46

Common equity Tier I capital ratio (%)

13.27%

13.30%

Tier I capital ratio (%)

13.27%

13.30%

Tier II capital ratio (%)

0.50%

0.08%

Total capital ratio (CRAR) (%)

13.77%

13.38%

Percentage of the shareholding of the Government of India

4.61%

5.43%

Amount of equity capital raised*

2,000.00

-

Amount of additional Tier I capital raised; of which

Perpetual non cumulative preference shares

-

-

Perpetual debt instruments

-

-

Amount of Tier II capital raised; of which

Debt capital instrument

-

-

Preference share capital instruments

-

-

*

The Bank raised additional capital aggregating to ` 2,000 crore (rounded off) on a preferential basis through issuance of 862,440,704

equity shares, fully paid-up, at the price of ` 23.19/- per equity share (including premium).

The Capital Raising Committee of the Board of Directors of the Bank at its meeting held on April 6, 2021, approved the issue and allotment

of 523,103,660 equity shares of face value of ` 10 each to qualified institutional buyers at an issue price of ` 57.35 per equity share

(including a premium of ` 47.35 per equity share), aggregating to ` 3,000 crore (rounded off), pursuant to the Issue.:

Letter of Comfort to its subsidiary / group companies during the years ended March 31,

2021 and March 31, 2020.:

Managing Director & CEO) against

predetermined parameters

ii

Make recommendations on remuneration (including performance bonus and perquisites) of Whole Time

Directors

iii

Approve policy and quantum of variable pay, bonus, stock options and increments for the employees of the

Bank

iv

Frame guidelines for the Employees Stock Option Scheme (ESOS) and recommend grants of the Bank’s stock

options to Whole Time Directors of the Bank

v

Review and recommend to the Board the payment of profit related commission to the Non-Executive Directors

of the Bank within the overall limits as may be approved by the shareholders of the Bank, in terms of the

Companies Act, 2013 and RBI Guidelines.

b

Information relating to the design and structure of remuneration processes and the key features and objectives of

remuneration policy :

The principles for Remuneration Policy at the Bank have been formulated with the approval of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee (‘NRC’). They are guided by the organization’s philosophy for enabling employee

performance to achieve the organization’s short term and long term objectives, balanced with prudent risk taking

and are in compliance with the RBI’s Guidelines on Compensation of Whole Time Directors / Chief Executive

Officers / Risk takers and Control function staff, etc. dated January 13, 2012.

The principles are as follows:

•

To ensure that the level and composition of remuneration is reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and

motivate talent.

•

To ensure that the remuneration is balanced between fixed pay, variable pay and ESOPs, with adequate focus

on prudent risk taking and the short-term as well as the long-term objectives of the Bank and its shareholders.

•

To ensure a clear relationship between remuneration and performance with adequate focus on achievement

of performance objectives incorporating elements of risk, compliance and service measures.

•

To respect employee needs basis relevant market anchors and to compensate adequately for the contribution

towards the Bank’s growth.

•

To ensure that the cost/income ratio of the Bank supports the remuneration package consistent with

maintenance of sound capital adequacy ratio.:

letter dated January 22, 2021.

During FY 2019-20, the Board of Directors of the Bank, based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, at its

meeting held on October 24, 2019 had approved grant of 30,00,000 stock options to Mr. V. Vaidyanathan, MD & CEO under ‘IDFC FIRST

Bank – Employees Stock Option Scheme 2015’. In terms of Section 35B of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the said grant was duly

approved by the Reserve Bank of India vide its email dated April 13, 2020. The aforesaid grant has been accounted for in the FY 2020-21,

in terms of the relevant applicable accounting norms.

18.44 Transfers to depositor education and awareness fund (DEAF)

(` in crore)

Particulars

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Opening balance of amounts transferred to DEAF

-

-

Add : Amounts transferred during the year

-

-

Less : Amounts reimbursed towards claims

-

-

Closing balance of amounts transferred to DEAF

-

-

18.45 Liquidity Coverage Ratio

Qualitative disclosure

Liquidity risk management of the Bank is undertaken by the Balance Sheet Management Group (BSMG) under the

central oversight of the Asset Liability Management Committee (ALCO) in accordance with the Board approved policies

and ALCO approved funding plans. The Bank has adopted the Basel III framework on liquidity standards as prescribed

by RBI for reporting of the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR). The mandated regulatory threshold as per the transition plan

is embedded into the Limit Management Framework of the Bank with appropriate cushion to ensure maintenance of

adequate liquidity buffers. Risk department computes the LCR and reports the same to the Asset Liability Management

Committee (ALCO), Risk Management Committee of the Board and Board for oversight and periodical review. The Bank

has been submitting LCR reports to RBI from January 2016.

As a strategy, the Bank is highly invested into GOI Bonds and corporate bonds which has resulted in a high level of

HQLA. The Bank follows the criteria laid down by the RBI for month-end calculation of High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA),

gross outflows and inflows within the next 30 day period. HQLA predominantly comprises Government securities in

excess of minimum SLR requirement viz. Treasury Bills, Central and State Government securities and corporate bonds

in form of CP, CD and Bonds rated AA- and above with mandated haircuts applied thereto.

Bank is funded through long term bonds , term deposits, CASA, refinance and foreign currency borrowings. All significant

outflows and inflows determined in accordance with RBI guidelines are included in the prescribed LCR computation.

The Risk department measures and monitors the liquidity profile of the Bank with reference to the Board approved

limits on a static as well as on a dynamic basis by using the gap analysis technique supplemented by monitoring of

key liquidity ratios and periodical liquidity stress testing. The Bank assesses the impact on short term liquidity gaps

dynamically under various scenarios covering business projections under normal as well as varying market conditions.

Periodical reports are placed before the Bank’s ALCO for perusal and review.:

letter dated January 22, 2021.

During FY 2019-20, the Board of Directors of the Bank, based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, at its

meeting held on October 24, 2019 had approved grant of 30,00,000 stock options to Mr. V. Vaidyanathan, MD & CEO under ‘IDFC FIRST

Bank – Employees Stock Option Scheme 2015’. In terms of Section 35B of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the said grant was duly

approved by the Reserve Bank of India vide its email dated April 13, 2020. The aforesaid grant has been accounted for in the FY 2020-21,

in terms of the relevant applicable accounting norms.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(Membership No. 046882)

DIN: 06371682

DIN: 00082596

Satish Gaikwad

Sudhanshu Jain

Date : May 8, 2021

Head - Legal &

Chief Financial Officer &

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Head Corporate Centre:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(Membership No. 046882)

DIN: 06371682

DIN: 00082596

Satish Gaikwad

Sudhanshu Jain

Date : May 8, 2021

Head - Legal &

Chief Financial Officer &

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Head Corporate Centre

(` in Thousands)

Particulars

Schedule No.

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Capital and Liabilities

Capital

1

56,758,499

48,099,030

Employees' stock options outstanding

1a

974

-

Reserves and surplus

2

122,237,676

105,936,199

Deposits

3

885,362,442

650,789,413

Borrowings

4

457,860,854

573,971,855

Other liabilities and provisions

5

108,494,798

112,789,021

TOTAL

1,630,715,243

1,491,585,518

Assets

Cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India

6

46,695,475

33,484,198

Balances with Banks and money at call and short notice

7

11,035,770

8,144,241

Investments

8

451,815,865

451,744,235

Advances

9

1,005,501,259

855,953,595

Fixed assets

10

12,959,304

10,732,314

Other assets

11

102,707,570

131,526,935

TOTAL

1,630,715,243

1,491,585,518

Contingent liabilities

12

2,124,865,217

2,806,789,233

Bills for collection

12,853,780

9,149,534

Significant accounting policies and notes to accounts

17 & 18

The schedules and the accompanying notes to accounts referred to above form an integral part of the consolidated Balance Sheet.

As per our report of even date

The balance sheet has been prepared in conformity with form ‘B’ of the Third Schedule to the Banking Regulation Act, 1949:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(Membership No. 046882)

DIN: 06371682

DIN: 00082596

Satish Gaikwad

Sudhanshu Jain

Date : May 8, 2021

Head - Legal &

Chief Financial Officer &

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Head Corporate Centre:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(Membership No. 046882)

DIN: 06371682

DIN: 00082596

Satish Gaikwad

Sudhanshu Jain

Date : May 8, 2021

Head - Legal &

Chief Financial Officer &

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Head Corporate Centre:

letter of

credit issued is recognised on straight line basis

over the period of the contract or the period for which

commission is received.

Fee on rescheduling of outstanding debt is recognised

on accrual basis over the period of time covered by the

rescheduled extension period.

Underwriting commission earned to the extent not

reduced from the cost of the securities is recognised

as fees on closure of issue.

All other fees and charges is recognised as and when

they become due and revenue can be reliably measured

and reasonable right of recovery is established.

Investments :

Profit / loss on sale of investments under the HTM, AFS

and HFT categories are recognised in the Profit and:

letter dated March 4, 2021, having not acceded to

the dispensation, had advised the Bank to hold 100%

provisions in respect of non-compliant non-performing

loans. Further, for other non-compliant standard loans

with insignificant outstanding balance, the Bank is

required to assign additional risk weight of 25% and

make such loan accounts compliant with the extant

regulatory instructions by June 30, 2021. The Bank has

made additional provision of ` 89.34 crore for the year

ended March 31, 2021 for such non-compliant non-

performing loans and assigned additional risk weight

of 25% on other non-compliant standard loans.

18.02 Employee benefits

i

The Group has charged the following amounts in the Profit and Loss Account towards contribution to defined

contribution plans which are included under schedule 16 (I) :

(` in crore)

Particulars

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Provident fund

84.09

69.74

Superannuation fund

-

-

Pension fund

2.77

2.79

ii

Gratuity

The following tables summarise the components of net benefit expenses recognised in the Profit and Loss Account

and funded status and amounts recognised in the balance sheet for the gratuity benefit plan :

Profit and Loss Account

Net employee benefit expenses (recognised in payments to and provisions for employees) :

(` in crore)

Particulars

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Current service cost

18.31

17.37

Interest on defined benefit obligation

5.49

5.89

Expected return on plan assets

(4.53)

(4.92)

Net actuarial losses / (gains) recognised in the year

(10.25)

(2.94)

Past service cost

0.20

0.20

Losses / (gains) on Acquisition / Divestiture

-

-

Total included in “employee benefit expense” [schedule 16(I)]

9.22

15.60

Actual return on plan assets

6.66

4.50

Balance Sheet

Details of provision for gratuity :

(` in crore)

Particulars

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Fair value of plan assets

69.87

62.09

Present value of funded obligations

(84.51)

(75.53)

Unrecognised Past Service Cost

0.20

0.39

Net Liability Included under Schedule 5 - Other Liabilities

(14.44)

(13.05):

letter dated January 22, 2021.

During FY 2019-20, the Board of Directors of the Bank, based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, at its

meeting held on October 24, 2019 had approved grant of 30,00,000 stock options to Mr. V. Vaidyanathan, MD & CEO under ‘IDFC FIRST

Bank – Employees Stock Option Scheme 2015’. In terms of Section 35B of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the said grant was duly

approved by the Reserve Bank of India vide its email dated April 13, 2020. The aforesaid grant has been accounted for in the FY 2020-21,

in terms of the relevant applicable accounting norms.

The balances payable to / receivable from the related parties of the Bank as on March 31, 2021 are given below:

(` in crore)

Related Party

Particulars

Entities having

Significant Influence

Associates

Key Management

Personnel

Deposits with the Bank

7.73

-

0.93

Interest Accrued on Deposit

-

-

ß

Loan and Advances including credit card balances

-

341.40

ß

Investment of the Bank

-

226.38

-

Investment of related party in the Bank #

-

-

-

#

As at March 31, 2021, IDFC Financial Holding Company Limited holds 2,268,937,489 and KMP holds 24,857,117 equity shares in the

Bank.

The maximum balances payable to / receivable from the related parties of the Bank during the year ended March 31,

2021 are given below:

(` in crore)

Related Party

Particulars

Entities having

Significant Influence

Associates

Key Management

Personnel

Deposits with the Bank

875.08

-

6.54

Loan and Advances including credit card balances

-

351.00

ß

Investment of the Bank

-

226.38

-

*

Amount less than ` 50,000 is denoted by ß:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(Membership No. 046882)

DIN: 06371682

DIN: 00082596

Satish Gaikwad

Sudhanshu Jain

Date : May 8, 2021

Head - Legal &

Chief Financial Officer &

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Head Corporate Centre:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

b)

Details of the BR Head

NO.

PARTICULARS

DETAILS

1.

DIN Number (if applicable)

NA

2.

Name

Mr. Adrian Andrade

3.

Designation

Chief Human Resources Officer

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies

Please refer to Table 2A and 2B

2A. PRINCIPLE-WISE (AS PER NVGS) BR POLICY / POLICIES

Details of Compliance (Reply in Y / N)

NO

QUESTIONS

(P1)

(P2)

(P3)

(P4)

(P5)

(P6)

(P7)

(P8)

(P9)

1

Do you have a policy/ policies for....

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

N

Y

Y

2

Has the policy being formulated in consultation with the relevant

stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

Y

Y

3

Does the policy conform to any national / international standards?

If yes, specify? (50 words) (Note 1)

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

Y

Y

4

Has the policy being approved by the Board? Is yes, has it been

signed by MD / owner / CEO / appropriate Board Director? (Note 2)

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

Y

Y

5

Does the company have a specified committee of the Board / Director

/ official to oversee the implementation of the policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

Y

Y

6

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online? (Note 3)

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

Y

Y

7

Has the policy been formally communicated to all relevant internal

and external stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

Y

Y

8

Does the company have in-house structure to implement the policy

/ policies.

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

Y

Y

9

Does the Company have a grievance redressal mechanism related

to the policy / policies to address stakeholders’ grievances related to

the policy / policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

Y

Y

10

Has the company carried out independent audit / evaluation of the

working of this policy by an internal or external agency? (Note 4)

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

Y

Y

Note 1

The policies are developed and aligned to applicable compliance requirements, RBI norms and guidelines, requirements of

listing agreement with stock exchanges, or the Bank’s internal requirements and best practices.

Note 2

The policies are approved by the Board of Directors / Committee of the Board of Directors / Senior Management of the Bank.

Note 3

The Web-link and accessibility to the following polices which are relevant to the principles are available on https://www.

idfcfirstbank.com/investors/corporate-governance

Remuneration Policy - WTD, CEO, MRT, KMP, SMP & Control Function

Remuneration Policy - Employees

Remuneration Policy - Independent Directors:

