letter

of offer and/or placement document and/or offering circular and/

or other permissible/ requisite offer documents to any eligible

person, including Qualified Institutional Buyers, within the

meaning prescribed under Chapter VI of SEBI ICDR Regulations

(“QIBs”), foreign/ resident investors (whether institutions,

banks, incorporated bodies, mutual funds, individuals, trustees,

stabilizing agent or otherwise), venture capital funds (foreign or

Indian), alternative investment funds, foreign portfolio investors,

Indian and/or multilateral financial institutions, mutual funds,

non-resident Indians, pension funds and/or any other categories

of investors, whether they be holders of the Securities or not

(collectively referred to as the “Investors”), at such price or at

a discount or premium to market price, as may be permitted

under applicable laws, and in such manner and on such terms

and conditions as may be deemed appropriate by the Board in

its absolute discretion including the discretion to determine the

mode of issuance of Securities and/or categories of Investors to

whom to offer, issue and allot such Securities as may be permitted

under applicable laws and regulations.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in accordance with the provisions of

the SEBI ICDR Regulations and 1993 Scheme, as applicable, the

relevant date for determining the price of the Securities to be

issued by way of QIP/FCCBs/FCEBs or by way of any other issue(s)

shall be the date of the meeting in which the Board decides to

open the proposed issue or such other date, as may be prescribed

in accordance with applicable laws.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, if the Company proposes to issue and

allot any Securities by way of QIP to QIBs pursuant to and in terms

of Chapter VI of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and to eligible holders

of FCCBs pursuant to the 1993 Scheme and the ECB Guidelines:

1.

the issue and allotment of Securities by way of QIP to QIBs

shall be completed within 365 days from the date of passing

of this resolution or such other time as may be allowed

under the Companies Act and/or the SEBI ICDR Regulations,

from time to time;

2.

the “relevant date” for determination of the floor price of

the Equity Shares to be issued shall be:

(a)

in case of allotment of Equity Shares in a QIP or upon

conversion of FCCBs pursuant to the 1993 Scheme,

the date of meeting in which the Board decides to

open the issue, and/or,

(b)

in case of allotment of eligible convertible securities in

a QIP, either the date of the meeting in which the Board

decides to open the issue of such convertible securities

or the date on which the holders of such convertible

securities become entitled to apply for the Equity

Shares, as may be determined by the Board;

3.

the QIP shall be made at such price not less than the price

determined in accordance with the pricing formula provided

under the SEBI ICDR Regulations (“QIP Floor Price”), and the

price determined for a QIP shall be subject to appropriate

adjustments in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI

ICDR Regulations, as may be applicable and the Board, at

its absolute discretion, may offer a discount of upto 5% (five

per cent) or such other discount as may be permitted under

applicable law (including under the SEBI ICDR Regulations

with respect to the QIP Floor Price) for any of Securities;

4.

the issue and allotment of fully paid-up Securities, except as

may be permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the ECB

Guidelines, the 1993 Scheme and other applicable laws (or

any combination of the Securities as decided by the Board),

shall only be to QIBs within the meaning of Chapter VI of

the SEBI ICDR Regulations and no allotment shall be made,

either directly or indirectly, to any person who is a promoter

or any person related to promoters in terms of the SEBI ICDR

Regulations.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of issue of Equity Shares,

by way of QIP as per Chapter VI of SEBI ICDR Regulations,

the prices determined for the QIP shall be subject to

appropriate adjustments if the Company, pending allotment

under this resolution:

a.

makes an issue of Equity Shares by way of capitalization

of profits or reserves, other than by way of dividend

on shares;

b.

makes a rights issue of Equity Shares;

c.

consolidates its outstanding Equity Shares into a

smaller number of shares;

d.

divides its outstanding Equity Shares including by way

of stock split;

e.

re-classifies any of its Equity Shares into other

securities of the issuer; and

f.

is involved in such other similar events or

circumstances, which in the opinion of the concerned

stock exchange, requires adjustments.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, in pursuance of the aforesaid resolution

the Securities to be so created, offered, issued and allotted shall

be subject to the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles

of Association of the Company and shall rank pari passu in all

respects with the existing Securities of the Company, if any, and

the Equity Shares, issue and allotted pursuant to and in terms of

this resolution shall rank pari passu in all respects with the then

existing Equity Shares of the Company.

1. Assuming full conversion of existing FCCBs

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter (along with the application

form), information memorandum, offering circular, disclosure

documents, subscription or purchase agreement, trust deed,

agency agreement, placement document, placement agreement

and any other documents as may be required, and to settle all

questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise at any stage from

time to time, and to engage, appoint all intermediaries including

without limitation consultants, lead managers, co-lead managers,

managers, merchant bankers, advisors, counsels, bankers,

escrow agent, depository, custodian, registrar, trustee, etc, and

to enter into and execute all such agreements/arrangements/

memorandum of understanding with them, as may be considered

necessary or appropriate to finalize, approve and issue any

document(s), including but not limited to prospectus and/or: letter

of offer and/or circular, documents and agreements including

filing of such documents (in draft or final form) with any Indian

or foreign regulatory authority or Stock Exchanges and sign all

deeds, documents and writings and to pay any fees, commissions,

remuneration, expenses relating thereto and with power on behalf

of the Company to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that

may arise in regard to the issue, offer or allotment of Securities and

take all steps which are incidental and ancillary in this connection,

including in relation to utilization of the issue proceeds, as it may

in its absolute discretion deem fit.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby

authorised to delegate all or any of the powers herein conferred

to any director(s), committee(s), executive(s), officer(s) or

representatives(s) of the Company or to any other person, as may

be necessary to give effect to this resolution.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised

to seek any approval that is required in relation to the creation,

issuance and allotment and listing of the Securities, from any

statutory or regulatory authority or the Stock Exchanges and/or

internationally recognised stock exchanges. Any approvals that

may have been applied for by the Board in relation to the creation,

issuance and allotment and listing of the Securities are hereby

approved and ratified by the members.”

Item No. 5:

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as

a Special Resolution, for issue of Non-Convertible Debentures, of

the Company, on private placement basis:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 42 and

other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013

read with the Rules framed thereunder, the Housing Finance

Companies Issuance of Non-Convertible Debentures on a Private

Placement Basis (NHB) Directions, 2014 and Master Direction –

Non-Banking Financial Company – Housing Finance Company

(Reserve Bank) Directions, 2021, the SEBI (Issue and Listing of Debt

Securities) Regulations 2008, the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as may be amended

from time to time, and subject to other applicable regulations/

guidelines, consent of the members of the Company, be and

is hereby accorded to the Board of

Letter etc.,

authorizing its representative to attend the

AGM through VC / OAVM on its behalf and to

cast its vote through remote e-voting. Together

with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly

authorised representative(s), to the Scrutinizer

at email id nishantmittal1995@gmail.com

with a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com.

The scanned image of the above-mentioned

documents should be in the naming format

“Corporate Name_Even No.”

B.

Members whose email IDs are not registered with

the

Company/Depository

Participants(s),

and

consequently the Annual Report, Notice of AGM and

e-voting instructions cannot be serviced, will have to

follow the following process:

i.

Members who have not registered their email

address and in consequence the Annual Report,

Notice of AGM and e-voting instructions

cannot be serviced, may temporarily get their

email address and mobile number provided

with KFintech, by accessing the link: https://

ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/mobilereg/

mobileemailreg.aspx Members are requested

to follow the process as guided to capture the

email address and mobile number for sending

the soft copy of the notice and e-voting

instructions along with the User ID and

Password. In case of any queries, member may

write to einward.ris@kfintech.com.

ii.

Alternatively, member may send an e-mail

request at the email id einward.ris@kfintech.

com along with scanned copy of the signed

copy of the request: letter providing the email

address, mobile number, self-attested PAN copy

and Client Master copy in case of electronic

folio and copy of share certificate in case of

physical folio for sending the Annual report,

Notice of AGM and the e-voting instructions.

iii.

After receiving the e-voting instructions, please

follow all steps above to cast your vote by

electronic means.

Details on Step 3 are mentioned below:

III)

Instructions for all the shareholders, including Individual, other

than Individual and Physical, for attending the AGM of the

Company through VC/OAVM and e-Voting during the meeting.

i.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend

the AGM through VC / OAVM platform provided by

KFintech. Members may access the same at https://

emeetings.kfintech.com/ by using the e-voting login

credentials provided in the email received from the

Company/KFintech. After logging in, click on the

Video Conference tab and select the EVEN of the

Company. Click on the video symbol and accept the

meeting etiquettes to join the meeting. Please note

that the members who do not have the User ID and

Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID

and Password may retrieve the same by following the

remote e-Voting instructions mentioned above.

ii.

Facility for joining AGM though VC/ OAVM shall open

atleast 15 minutes before the commencement of the

Meeting.

iii.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops/ Desktops with Google Chrome (preferred

browser), Safari, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge,

Mozilla Firefox 22.

iv.

Members will be required to grant access to the

webcam to enable VC / OAVM. Further, Members

connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through

Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience

Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their respective

network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable

Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of

aforesaid glitches.

v.

As the AGM is being conducted through VC / OAVM,

for the smooth conduct of proceedings of the AGM,

Members are encouraged to express their views

/ send their queries in advance mentioning their

name, demat account number / folio number, email

id, mobile number at investor.relations@indiabulls.

com Questions /queries received by the Company till

July 25, 2021 shall only be considered and responded

during the AGM.

vi.

The Members who have not cast their vote through

remote e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote

through e-voting system available during the AGM.

E-voting during the AGM is integrated with the VC

/ OAVM platform. The Members may click on the

voting icon displayed on the screen to cast their votes.

vii.

A Member can opt for only single mode of voting i.e.,

through Remote e-voting or voting at the AGM. If a

Member casts votes by both modes, then voting done

through Remote e-voting shall prevail and vote at the

AGM shall be treated as invalid.

viii.

Facility of joining the AGM through VC / OAVM shall

be available for atleast 2000 members on first come

first served basis.

ix.

Institutional Members are encouraged to attend and

vote at the AGM through VC / OAVM.

OTHER INSTRUCTIONS

I.

Speaker Registration: The Members who wish to speak during

the meeting may register themselves as speakers for the

AGM to express their views. They can visit https://emeetings.

kfintech.com and login through the user id and password

provided in the mail received from Kfintech. On successful

login, select ‘Speaker Registration’ which will opened from July

26, 2021 to July 27, 2021. Members shall be provided a ‘queue

number’ before the meeting. The Company reserves the right

to restrict the speakers at the AGM to only those Members

who have registered themselves, depending on the availability

of time for the AGM.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director & CEO of the Company has taken an 80% cut to

his cost-to-company since October 2019. Consequently, employee

benefit expenses for FY 2020-21 was down to ₹ 252 Crores from ₹ 605

Crores in FY 2019-20. As a result of these steps, other wide-ranging

cost control measures and increasing reliance on digital mode of loan

sourcing and fulfillment, the Company’s cost to income ratio declined

to 12.8% from 16.2% in FY 2019-20.

FY 2021-22 will be a year of ‘transition and growth’ for the

Company as it will look to leverage its fortress balance sheet and

scale up retail disbursals under the new model. The Company

has also laid the foundation of its new retail focused asset-light

business model and has co-lending tie- ups with 4 large financial

institutions, including with HDFC Ltd, India’s largest housing

finance company. With this, the Company now has co-lending

agreements with HDFC Ltd, Bank of Baroda and Central Bank of

India for sourcing home loans and with RBL Bank and Central

Bank of India for sourcing secured MSME loans. These co-lending

partnerships will be central to IBH’s new retail focused, balance-

sheet light growth business model.

With an established ‘originate and securitise’ model as well as co-

lending partnerships in place, the Company is now set to grow its

retail loan book and profitability.

Higher stock-linked compensation through FY22 and beyond

The key expense components of a non-bank lender are interest

expenses, operating expenses and credit costs. Of these three,

only operating expenses are in the immediate control of the

Company. Through FY 2020-21 – a year of repair and transition for

the Company – the Company has been successful in rationalising

costs and aligning it with its asset-light business model.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of Bank of

Baroda from where he superannuated in July 2014, and held

several important positions including that of Executive Director of

Union Bank of India, Chief Executive of Bank of Baroda (European

Operations) amongst others. During his illustrious career with various

banks, he held several positions across functions and locations, both

in India and abroad and has handled diverse portfolios, like core

central banking, commercial banking – wholesale and retail, banking

regulation and supervision, financial markets, treasury management,

planning, economic research, investment banking, risk management

and international banking etc.

Mr. Mundra, a Post Graduate from University of Poona, is a Fellow

Member of Indian Institute of Banking & Finance (FIIB). Amity

University has conferred the Degree of Doctor of Philosophy

(D.Phil), Honoris Causa, upon Mr. Mundra, in recognition of his

services in the field of banking and related areas.

Mr. Mundra has also served as RBI’s nominee on the Financial

Stability Board (G20 Forum) and its various committees. He was

also the Vice-Chairman of OECD’s International Network on

Financial Education (INFE). He has also been closely associated

with various institutes / organizations like Governing Council of

National Institute of Bank Management (NIBM), Governing Council

Centre for Advanced Financial Research & Learning (CAFRAL),

Governing Council Indian Institute of Banking and Finance (IIBF).

Prior to joining the RBI, Mr. Mundra also served on Boards of

several multi-dimensional companies like the Clearing Corporation

of India Ltd (CCIL), Central Depository Services (India) Ltd. (CDSL),

BOB Asset Management Company, India Infrastructure Finance

Corporation (UK) Ltd. (IIFCL), IndiaFirst Life Insurance Company

Ltd., Star Union Dai-Ichi Life Insurance company Ltd., National

Payments Corporation of India Ltd., etc. The experience gained

in guiding these entities has bestowed him with wide leadership

skills and keen insights in best practices in Corporate Governance.

As a member of the Board of Directors, Mr. Mundra has provided

valuable guidance and leadership helping the Company navigate

the NBFC/HFC liquidity squeeze, the economic downturn of the

last three years, and the COVID-19 pandemic induced economic

disruption. Mr. Mundra’s continuity as the Non-Executive

Chairman of the Company will not only help the Company

navigate the challenges ahead but will also help IBH quickly get

back on the path to growth. Moreover, it will help IBH’s intention

to align itself with internationally accepted best governance

practice of having an Independent Director as the Chairperson

of the Board. Accordingly, the Board has recommended the re-

appointment of Mr. Subhash Sheoratan Mundra, as Independent

Director, designated as Non-Executive Chairman of the Company

for another term of 5 years from August 18, 2021 up to August

17, 2026.

The main terms and conditions of re-appointment of Mr. Subhash

Sheoratan Mundra, as Independent Director of the Company, are

as under:-

Period

5 years w.e.f. August 18, 2021

Nature

Director, not liable to retire by rotation

Designation

Independent Director, Designated as Non-

Executive Chairman of the Company.

Sitting Fees

₹ 1 lakh per board meeting

Other

Benefits

Profit Link Incentive as per shareholders

authorization

The remuneration paid to Mr. Subhash Sheoratan Mundra, during

the financial year ended 31st March, 2021, is mentioned in

the Annual Return as on March 31, 2021, which is available on

the Company’s website on https://www.indiabullshomeloans.

com/uploads/downloads/ihfl_annual_return_mgt-7_fy_21-

0473818001625301390.pdf.

Mr. Subhash Sheoratan Mundra holds nil Equity Shares of the

Company and is not related to any other director on the Board

of the Company. Presently, Mr. Mundra is on the Board of BSE

Limited, Havells India Limited, PTC India Limited, Acuite Ratings &

Research Limited, Airtel Payments Bank Limited, DSP Investment

Managers Private Limited and Ayana Renewable Power Private

Limited. He is member of the Reorganisation Committee of

the Company and holds the Chairmanship of Nomination &

Remuneration Committee of BSE Limited and Audit Committee

of Airtel Payments Bank Limited and Ayana Renewable Power

Private Limited. He is also a member of Audit Committee, Member

Committee, Standing Committee on Technology and Cyber

Security, Regulatory Oversight Committee, Risk Management

Committee, Public Interest Directors / Independent Directors,

Stakeholder Relationship / Share Allotment Committee of BSE

Limited, Audit Committee of Havells India Limited and DSP

Investment Managers Private Limited and Business Delepment/

Investment & Deiinvestment Committee of PTC India Limited.

The proposed re-appointment would also be in compliance with

the applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2013 (“Act”) and

of the SEBI Listing Regulations relating to the appointment of

Independent Director.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of appointment

to him, which shall be open for inspection by the members at the

registered office of the Company, in terms of applicable provisions

of the Act.

Accordingly, the Board recommends the resolution as set out at

Item No. 9 of this Notice, for the approval by the shareholders, as

Special Resolution.

Except the proposed appointee, in resolutions set out at Item No. 9

of this Notice, proposing his appointment, none of the Promoters,

Directors and Key Managerial Persons (KMPs) of the Company or

any relatives of such Promoters, Directors or KMPs, are in any way

concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution.

Item No. 10: Ordinary Resolution, for the appointment of Mr.

Dinabandhu Mohapatra (DIN: 07488705) being appointed as

Independent Director for a term of Three years with effect from

November 23, 2020 up to November 22, 2023:

Mr. Dinabandhu Mohapatra (DIN: 07488705) 61 years of

age, former MD & CEO, Bank of India, is a seasoned and

committed banker, with a distinguished career spanning

over three decades, during which he held various high level

positions, including Executive Director of Canara Bank and

Chief Executive Officer of Hong Kong and Singapore Centres of

Bank of India. Mr. Mohapatra has vast knowledge and multi -

dimensional banking experience including Treasury Operations,

International Banking, Priority Sector Lending, Corporate

Lending, Marketing, Recovery and Human Resources. Mr.

Mohapatra, a post- graduate in Economics and a graduate in

Law, joined Bank of India as a Direct Recruit Officer in the year

1984. During his career spanning over three decades at Bank

of India, he has headed various Branches, Departments, Zones

and National Banking Groups in Eastern, Western, Northern

and Southern parts of the country. As Executive Director of

Canara Bank, he was overseeing International Operations,

Overseas Credit, Strategic Planning & Development (including

Economic Intelligence & BPR), Retail Resources, Marketing,

Selling & Cross-selling, Government Business and Fee Income

Vertical, Corporate Credit, PAG & Syndication, CDR & Stressed

Accounts, Financial Management & Subsidiaries.

Mr. Mohapatra’s rich and multi-dimensional experience will be

invaluable to the Company in all aspects of its operations including

lending, treasury operations, collections as well as marketing &

human resources.

Mr. Dinabandhu Mohapatra was appointed as an Additional

Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. November 23, 2020,

for a term of three years from November 23, 2020 up to November

22, 2023 by the Board of the Company, who shall hold office upto

the date of ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company and

shall be considered as an Independent Director in terms of Section

149 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules made thereunder

and SEBI Listing Regulations.

The main terms and conditions of appointment of Mr. Dinabandhu

Mohapatra, as Independent Director of the Company, are as under:-

Period

3 years w.e.f. November 23, 2020

Nature

Director, not liable to retire by rotation

Designation

Independent Director

Sitting Fees

₹ 1 lakh per board meeting

Other

Benefits

Profit Link Incentive as per shareholders

authorization

The remuneration paid to Mr. Dinabandhu Mohapatra, during

the financial year ended 31st March, 2021, is mentioned the

Annual Return as on March 31, 2021, which is available on the

Company’s

website

on

https://www.indiabullshomeloans.

com/uploads/downloads/ihfl_annual_return_mgt-7_fy_21-

0473818001625301390.pdf.

The proposed appointment of Independent Director, in the

manner as set out in Item No. 10 of this Notice, is in compliance

with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2013 (“Act”)

and of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, as may be amended from time to time (SEBI

Listing Regulations).

The Company has received a declaration Mr. Mohapatra confirming

that he fulfills the criteria of independence as provided in Section

149(6) of the Act and in regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI Listing

Regulations. In the opinion of the Board, he fulfills the conditions

specified in the Act and Rules made thereunder and SEBI Listing

Regulations for his appointment as an Independent Director of

the Company and he is independent of the Management of the

Company.

Keeping in view of his vast experience, knowledge and managerial

skills, the Board constituted Nomination & Remuneration

Committee has recommended to the Board his appointment as

an Independent Director of the Company. The Board is also of the

view that it will be in the best business interest of the Company

that Mr. Dinabandhu Mohapatra is appointed as an Independent

Director of the Company, for a term of three years from November

23, 2020 up to November 22, 2023, not liable to retire by rotation.

In the opinion of the Board, and based on the Board’s evaluation,

Mr. Dinabandhu Mohapatra fulfils the conditions specified in the

Act and Rules made thereunder and SEBI Listing Regulations for

his reappointment as Independent Director of the Company and is

independent of the Management. Upon approval of the shareholders

to his appointment as Independent Director his appointment shall be

formalized by issuing a: letter of appointment to him, which shall be

open for inspection by the members at the registered office of the

Company, in terms of applicable provisions of the Act.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Gagan Banga, 45 years of age, holds a Post Graduate Diploma

in Management and has 22 years of industry experience. He

brings deep operational knowledge and first-hand experience

in shaping the business strategy of the Company.

Mr. Banga has been managing the Company since 2007, first

in his capacity as the Chief Executive Officer [of IBH since

2013, of erstwhile parent entity Indiabulls Financial Services

Limited from 2007 to 2013] and now as the Vice-Chairman,: Managing Director & CEO of the Company. Under Mr. Banga’s

able leadership, the Company has emerged as India’s 3rd largest

housing finance company. The Assets Under Management and

Revenues of the Company have grown at a ten year CAGR of

15% and net worth at a ten year CAGR of 13%. Over the last 30+

months, following the default by IL&FS in September 2018, the

NBFC/HFC sector has been going through a prolonged liquidity

squeeze. The COVID-19 pandemic and the disruption to the

economy is posing challenges on the asset quality front and to

near- and mid-term growth. Under Mr. Banga’s guidance, the

Company has not only ably navigated through these turbulent

times, but has been successful in building a fortress balance

sheet - equity capital raises have boosted the Company’s

capital levels, asset quality is stable, the Company has built

strong provision buffer and also has an optimally matched ALM.

This helped the Company get its long term credit rating outlook

revised by CRISIL to AA with stable outlook, ending two years of

negative outlook on its rating.

The shareholders of the Company vide their authorization

of September 8, 2017 had approved the appointment of Mr

Banga as a Whole Time Director and Key Managerial Personnel

designated as Vice-

Managing Director & CEO of the Company, who

retires by rotation, be reappointed;

(b)

Mr. Sachin Chaudhary (DIN: 02016992) be re-appointed

as a Whole-time Director and Key Managerial Personnel

designated as Executive Director and COO of the Company

for another term of Five years w.e.f. October 21, 2021.

Company’s Performance Under the Leaderships of the Executive

Directors, including Mr. Gagan Banga and Mr. Sachin Chaudhary

Despite an extremely challenging year due to the ongoing

pandemic, the Company, under the leadership and guidance of

the board and the senior management team has ably navigated

the difficult macro-economic environment and ended FY 2020-21

on very strong financial footing:

Particulars

FY 2020-21

CRAR [Standalone]

22.8%

Tier 1 [Standalone]

16.3%

Net Debt to Equity

3.4x

Cost to Income Ratio

12.8%

Book Spread

2.7%

Total Provisions as a % of Loan Book

3.7%

Gross NPA

2.7%

Net NPA

1.6%

In FY 2020-21, the Company raised ₹ 3,773 Crores of regulatory

equity/ quasi-equity capital through a QIP, partial sale of investment

in OakNorth Bank and FCCB issuance. The QIP and FCCB transactions

received considerable participation from a number of diversified and

high-quality investors across USA, UK, Asia and Europe, including

existing investors. This is a testament to the faith that investors have

reposed in the long term prospects of the company. As a result of the

capital raises, the Company’s capital adequacy as at end of FY 2020-

21 stands at 22.8%, with Tier 1 of 16.3%, on a standalone basis. At a

gearing of 3.4x, the Company is one of the least levered companies

among its peers.

During this period, business has been conducted with particular

focus on cost efficiency. Cost-to-income ratio has declined

from 16.2% in FY2019-20 to 12.8% in FY2020-21. The senior

management took the lead in reducing operating expense by

taking voluntary pay cuts. Mr. Gagan Banga took a salary cut of

∼80% since October 2019 while Mr. Sachin Chaudhary took a

salary cut of over 30% since October 2019.

The Company’s asset quality has remained stable through FY 2020-

21 despite a period of acute macro-economic stress brought about

by the COVID-19 pandemic and resultant lockdowns. Owing to the

stable asset quality, FY 2020-21 credit costs for the Company were

at only 1.1% of the total loan assets. To fortify its balance sheet,

the Company has built up total provisions of ₹ 2,458 Cr on balance

sheet which is almost 3x times of the regulatory requirement and

equivalent to a healthy 3.7% of its loan book.

The Company’s Gross NPAs as at end of FY 2020-21 are at 2.66%

while Net NPAs stand at 1.59% - both numbers are computed at a

consolidated level on the total loan assets managed.

Even though the Company rationalized its balance sheet growth

following the IL&FS default triggered liquidity squeeze for the

NBFC/ HFC sector followed by the COVID-19 pandemic, over the

last decade, the Company has clocked impressive growth under

the leadership and guidance of the Whole-Time Directors and the

senior management team. The Company closed FY 2020-21 with

a balance sheet size of ₹ 93,238 Crores, up from ₹ 25,305 crores

at the end of FY 2010-11 – a CAGR of 14%. Loan assets have also

grown at a CAGR of 15% since FY2010-11 to close FY 2020-21 at

₹ 80,741 Crores.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of Bank of Baroda, Executive Director of

Union Bank of India, Chief Executive of Bank of Baroda [European Operations] amongst others, culminating as

the Deputy Governor of Reserve Bank of India, from where he ﬁnally demitted his oﬃce in July 2017.

Mr. Mundra has expertise in banking, supervision, management and administrative matters. During his illustrious

career, spanning over forty years with various banks, he held several positions across functions and locations,

both in India and abroad and has handled diverse portfolios, like core central banking, commercial banking –

wholesale and retail, banking regulation and supervision, ﬁnancial markets, treasury management, planning,

economic research, investment banking, risk management and international banking etc.

Mr. Achuthan Siddharth (ex-Partner, Deloitte, Hashkins & Sells)

Independent Director

Mr. Siddharth is a Commerce and Law graduate from the Mumbai University, a fellow member of the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India and an associate member of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. He was

associated with Deloitte, Haskins & Sells for over 4 decades and served as Partner for 33 years. He has vast and

varied experience in the ﬁeld of Audit of domestic as well as multinational companies in sectors such as

Manufacturing, Hospitality, Technology and Non-Banking Financial Services. Mr. Siddharth is also on the board of

Reliance Industrial Infrastructure Limited.

Justice Mrs. Gyan Sudha Misra (Retd. Supreme Court Judge)

Independent Director

Justice Misra is a retired Judge of the Supreme Court of India. Before her elevation to the Supreme Court of India,

she was the Chief Justice of Jharkhand High Court, prior to which she has also served as a Judge of Patna High

Court and of Rajasthan High Court. Before joining the Judiciary, she practiced law for around 21 years in the

Supreme Court of India specializing in civil, criminal & constitutional matters.

Mr. Satish Chand Mathur, IPS (ex-Director General of Police, Maharashtra)

Independent Director

Mr. Mathur is a retired oﬃcer of the Indian Police Service [IPS] and is an ex-Director General of Police,

Maharashtra. During his illustrious career spanning nearly 37 years, he held various sensitive and challenging

assignments such as Commissioner of Police, Pune, Director General of Anti-Corruption Bureau, Maharashtra

culminating at the helm of an over 2.25 lakh force of Maharashtra Police. He also served in the Central Bureau of

Investigation from 1996 to 2003.

Mr. Dinabandhu Mohapatra (ex-MD & CEO, Bank of India)

Independent Director

Mr. Mohapatra is a former MD & CEO, Bank of India and is a seasoned banker. He had a distinguished career

spanning over three decades, during which he held various high level positions, including Executive Director of

Canara Bank and Chief Executive Oﬃcer of Hong Kong and Singapore Centres of Bank of India. Mr. Mohapatra

has vast knowledge and multi - dimensional banking experience including Treasury Operations, International

Banking, Priority Sector Lending, Corporate Lending, Marketing, Recovery and Human Resources.

Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited

16

Annual Report 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO of Indiabulls Housing Finance Ltd [IBH]. He has over

22 years of industry experience and has been with Indiabulls since 2000. He has been a key driver of the success

story of IBH, transforming a start-up into India's third largest housing ﬁnance company. Under Gagan’s leadership,

the company today is a lender of considerable size, repute and presence in asset classes such as Home Loans,

MSME Loans and Corporate Mortgage Loans.

Mr. Gagan Banga

Vice-Chairman,: Managing

Managing Director

Sachin Chaudhary

Executive Director & COO

Mukesh Garg

Chief Financial Oﬃcer

Nafees Ahmed

Chief Information Oﬃcer

Ashwin Mallick

Head, Treasury

Ramnath Shenoy

Head, Analytics & Investor Relations

M. S. Walia

National Business Manager

Hemal Zaveri

Head Banking

Rajiv Gandhi: Managing

Dear Shareholders and Friends,

The year gone by has been unprecedented in all of our

lives. At the beginning of 2020, few of us could have

anticipated the profound challenges that the world

would face in the months ahead., The COVID-19

pandemic prompted an unprecedented health crisis,

loss of lives and livelihood for millions and large scale

economic disruption around the globe. Medical

researchers the world over rose to the challenge, and

by December 2020, the ﬁrst vaccines to counter the

infection were approved. By early 2021, multiple

vaccines were rolled out across the world, raising

hopes of ﬁnally containing the pandemic.

India did well to control the spread of infections in the

ﬁrst wave and, supported by government and RBI’s

initiatives, the battered economy clawed its way back

to growth from October – November 2020 onwards.

However, the sharp rise in COVID-19 cases since

March 2021 has led to the re-imposition of restrictions

in various states and cities which has impacted

economic activity. The spiralling count of infections

and deaths seen in April and early May 2021 has now

receded and the economy is tentatively opening up

again. Vaccination has gathered very good pace and it

would not be overly optimistic to hope that we may

ﬁnally be getting to a stage where we can put the most

devastating aspects of the pandemic behind us.

Supported by generous monetary and ﬁscal measures

by central banks and governments the world over,

including in India, deep economic damage seems to

have been contained, and it is expected that the world

economy will be nurtured back to good health over the

next couple of years.

Speciﬁc to the Company’s business, the one silver

lining through the last year has been the resurgence of

the real estate sector. Supported by favourable factors

such as vastly increased aﬀordability, attractive prices

oﬀered by developers, lucrative payment plans, and

low interest rates, after more than a decade the sector

witnessed strong revival across price segments.

Despite the economic toll imposed by the second

wave, by all evidence, residential real estate demand

continues to remain strong.

Resilient Performance in a Challenging

Environment

Our balance sheet size at the end of FY 2020-21

stood at ₹ 93,238 Crores while total loan assets stood

at ₹ 80,741 Crores. Our on-balance sheet loan book

stood at ₹ 66,047 Crores at end of FY 2020-21, as we

were successful in bringing down our wholesale book

in line with our strategy to de-risk our balance sheet

and focus on retail lending. Proﬁt after tax for the year

stood at ₹ 1,202 Crores.

Financial year 2020-21 was a year of ‘repair and

transition’ for the Company and the focus was on

building a fortress balance sheet. Towards this, the

Company focussed on three key pillars:

i.

Building up capital buﬀers

ii.

Liquidity and ALM management

iii.

Asset quality and provision cover

Strong Capital Position

Despite an extremely challenging year due to the

ongoing pandemic, in the year gone by, the Company

raised a total of USD 515 Mn of equity/ quasi equity

capital through a QIP, partial sale of its investment in

OakNorth Bank and an FCCB issuance. As a result of

the capital raise, our capital adequacy at a standalone

level now stands at 22.8% and Tier 1 at 16.3%. At a net

gearing of 3.4x, on a consolidated basis, your

Company is one of the least levered companies

among its peers.

Healthy Liquidity and Matched ALM

From liquidity perspective, FY 2020-21 was a year of

strong revival. Your Company raised ₹ 21,305 Crores

of debt, ₹ 3,773 Crores of regulatory equity/ quasi-

equity capital and ₹ 8,938 Crores through portfolio sell

down/ reﬁnance - thus raising a total of ₹ 34,016

Crores during the year. Your Company continued to

maintain strong liquidity levels and deployed excess

liquidity in re-purchasing debt maturing in the quarters

ahead such that the ALM is optimally matched.

Stable Asset Quality

Your Company’s asset quality has remained stable

through all four quarters of FY 2020-21. We have built

up total provisions of ₹ 2,458 Crores on balance sheet

which is almost three times of the regulatory

requirement and equivalent to a healthy 3.7% of our

loan book.

Our outstanding retail loan book is now well-seasoned

Company Report

Financial Statement

Statutory Report

21

Annual Report 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter to shareholders last

year, we have made great strides towards fully

adopting a ‘retail focused asset-light business model’.

With greater focus on granular retail loans, we shall let

our higher ticket loans, especially wholesale loans,

run down or get reﬁnanced.

The most important strategic area for us to eﬀectively

scale up this model is our co-lending partnerships. In

April 2021, we have entered into a co-lending

agreement with HDFC Ltd, the Country’s largest

housing ﬁnance company, to oﬀer housing loans to

home buyers at competitive rates. IBH will originate

retail home loans as per jointly drawn up credit policy

and retain 20% of the loan on its books and 80% will be

on HDFC’s books. IBH will service the loan account

Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited

22

Annual Report 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors are pleased to present the Sixteenth Annual Report of the Company along with the audited statement of accounts for the

financial year ended March 31, 2021.

FY 2020-21 was an unprecedented year in many respects. The COVID-19 pandemic caused wide-spread economic disruption and brought

the world to a stand-still, restriction on movement of people and goods led to widespread loss of incomes and livelihoods. Successive

waves of the epidemic strained health infrastructure the world over and has to date resulted in 4 Mn deaths – with daily deaths still

hovering around 10,000 per day.

With active support from central banks and governments, damage to the world economy has been contained. With vaccination gathering

pace in India and the world over, it is hoped that the world can begin healing and people can get back to a level of normalcy.

For Indiabulls Housing, FY 2020-21 was a year of repair and transition. Despite an extremely challenging year due to the disruptions

caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has been successful in strengthening its capital adequacy, liquidity position and building

prudent provisioning buffers on its balance sheet. The Company has also been successful in laying firm foundations for its asset-light

business model.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (STANDALONE)

The financial highlights of the Company, for the financial year ended March 31, 2021, are as under:

Particulars

Year ended

March 31, 2021

(₹ in Crore)

Year ended

March 31, 2020

(₹ in Crore)

Profit before Depreciation, amortization and impairment expense

1,482.99

2,644.52

Less: Depreciation, amortization and impairment expense

90.82

97.80

Profit before Tax

1,392.17

2,546.72

Less: Total Tax expense

333.71

386.81

Profit for the Year

1,058.46

2,159.91

Add: brought forward balance

369.14

525.63

Amount available for appropriation

1,427.60

2,685.54

Appropriations:

Interim Dividend paid on Equity Shares (₹ 9 Per Share (Previous Year ₹ 31 Per Share)

416.11

1,325.31

Corporate Dividend Tax on Interim Dividend paid on Equity Shares

-

269.64

Transferred to Reserve III (Reserve U/s 36(1)(viii), Considered as eligible transfer to Special

-

220.00

Reserve U/s29C of the National Housing Bank Act, 1987)

Transferred to Reserve I (Special Reserve U/s 29C of the National Housing Bank Act, 1987)

211.69

211.98

Transferred to Additional Reserve (U/s 29C of the National Housing Bank Act, 1987)

825.00

-

Transferred to General Reserve

-

150.00

Transferred to Debenture Redemption Reserve

-

139.47

Balance of Profit Carried Forward

(25.20)

369.14

KEY FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS: FY20-21 (CONSOLIDATED)

Particulars

FY 20-21

FY 19-20

Total Revenues (₹ Crores)

10,030.1

13,223.2

NII (₹ Crores)

3,090.7

4,711.3

PAT (₹ Crores)

1,201.6

2,199.8

EPS (₹)

27.72

51.70

CRAR% (Standalone)

22.84

22.82

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO of the

Company, liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual General

Meeting of the Company and being eligible, has offered himself for

reappointment.

The existing tenure of Mr. Sachin Chaudhary (DIN: 02016992)

designated as Executive Director of the Company, shall come to an

end on October 20, 2021. Mr. Chaudhary is a founding member of

home loans and retail mortgage lending businesses of the Company

and heads the retail lending business in his executive capacity

as the Company’s Chief Operating Officer. The Company’s retail

franchise, which is the cornerstone of Company’s business plan,

has been nurtured and grown by Mr. Sachin Chaudhary. Keeping

in view, his vast experience, knowledge and managerial skills, the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee has recommended to the

Board, the re-appointment of Mr. Sachin Chaudhary, Whole-Time

Directors and Key Managerial Personnel, as such, for a further

period of five years w.e.f. October 21, 2021.

All the present Independent Directors of the Company have

given declaration that they meet the criteria of Independence

laid down under Section 149(6) of the Act and under Regulation

16(a)(b) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (SEBI LODR). The brief resume of the Directors

proposed to be appointed/ reappointed, nature of their expertise

in specific functional areas, terms of appointment and names of

companies in which they hold directorships and memberships/

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Date: June 29, 2021

(DIN: 00010894)

(DIN: 02698115)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated October 8, 2020 for

non-compliance with certain provisions of the Housing Finance

Companies (NHB) Directions, 2010 during the financial year 2018-

19 and (b) Penalty of ₹2,065,000 was imposed by National Housing

Bank vide: letter dated February 26, 2021 for instances of non-

compliance in operational matters with Policy Circular 74/2015-

16; Policy Circular 86/2017-18; NHB (ND)/DRS/Misc. Circular No.

5/2011; NHB (ND)/DRS/ Misc. Circular No. 20/2018-19; NHB (ND)/

DRS/Pol- No.33/2010-11; and Para 2(1)(zc)(ii) of the HFCs (NHB)

Directions, 2010.

TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE

EARNINGS AND OUTGO

The Company being a Housing Finance Company does not require

much of technology absorption, however in compliance of Section

134(3) read with Rule - 8 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014,

the necessary reporting with regards to technology absorption

and foreign exchange earnings and outgo, is an under:

A.

Technology Absorption

The Company is investing in cutting edge technologies to

upgrade its infrastructure set up and innovative technical

solutions, thereby increasing customer delight & employee

efficiency. Next Generation Business Intelligence & analytics

tool have been implemented to ensure that while data

continues to grow, decision makers gets answers faster than

ever for timely & critical level decision making. The Company

has implemented best of the breed applications to manage

and automate its business processes to achieve higher

efficiency, data integrity and data security. It has helped it

in implementing best business practices and shorter time to

market new schemes, products and customer services. The

Company has taken major initiatives for improved employee

experience, by implementing innovative solutions and

empowering them by providing mobile platform to manage

their work while on the go.

The Company’s investment in technology has improved

customer

services,

reduced

operational

cost

and

development of new business opportunities. No technology

was imported by the Company during the last three financial

years including financial year 2020-21.

B.

Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo

During the year under review, your Company had no foreign

exchange earnings. Foreign exchange outgo was ₹ 417.55

Crores. The details of earnings and outgo are shown in

the Note No. (36)(a), of Notes to the Accounts, forming

part of the Standalone Financial Statements. Members are

requested to refer to these Notes.

FOCUS ON ESG TO DRIVE SUSTAINABLE GROWTH

As responsible corporate citizen, environmental and social

considerations have always been key factors in the operations of

Indiabulls Housing Finance. The Company has laid out details about

its ESG initiatives in a separate, dedicated section in the annual

report on pages 25 to 40. In compliance of Section 134(3) read

with Rule - 8 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, the necessary

reporting with regards conservation of energy is as under:

Conservation of Energy

The Company operations do not account for substantial energy

consumption. However, the Company is taking all possible

measures to conserve energy. As an ongoing process, the following

are (i) the steps taken or impact on conservation of energy; (ii)

the steps taken by the company for utilizing alternate sources of

energy; and (iii) the capital investment on energy conservation

equipment.

The Company is ISO 14001:2015 certified for its Environmental

Management Systems (EMS). The Company’s EMS measures the

environmental costs of its services and activities, and seeks to

minimize the negative effects and improve the positive aspects.

Consumption of electricity and its efficient utilization is an

important area of EMS and the Company has taken many steps to

reduce its carbon footprint on this front. The Company has been

able to reduce energy consumption by using star rated appliances

where possible and also through the replacement of CFL lights

with LED lights. Monitoring resource usage, improved process

efficiency, reduced waste generation and disposal costs have also

supported the cause.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Date: June 29, 2021

(DIN: 00010894)

(DIN: 02698115)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated October 8, 2020 for non-compliance

of Section 29(A)(7) of National Housing Bank Act 1987, Para

2(1)(z)(c)(ii), 2(1)(v)(i), 28(1)(iv)(a), 28(1)(iv)(b)(ii) and 30 of

the HFCs (NHB) Directions, 2010, Para 10(1) and 10(2) of

Housing Finance Companies issuance of Non-Convertible

Debentures on private placement basis (NHB) Directions,

2014, non-disclosure of some related party transaction,

Miscellaneous Policy Circular 20 and Policy Circular 74,

during the financial year 2018-19.

3.

Penalty of ₹ 20,65,000 was imposed by National Housing

Bank vide: letter dated February 26, 2021 for instances of

non-compliance in operational matters with Policy Circular

74/2015-16; Policy Circular 86/2017-18; NHB (ND)/DRS/

Misc. Circular No. 5/2011; NHB (ND)/DRS/ Misc. Circular

No. 20/2018-19; NHB (ND)/DRS/Pol-No.33/2010-11; and

Para 2(1)(zc)(ii) of the HFCs (NHB) Directions, 2010.

4.

The Company has Issued and allotted following Secured

Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures (NCDs) of

₹ 10,00,000 each, aggregating to ₹ 2,780 Crores, on Private

Placement basis:

a)

2,000 NCDs aggregating to ₹ 200 Crores on April

30, 2020.

b)

10,300 NCDs aggregating to ₹ 1,030 Crores on

May 18, 2020.

c)

2,000 NCDs aggregating to ₹ 200 Crores on

June 12, 2020.

d)

3,250 NCDs aggregating to ₹ 325 Crores on

June 25, 2020.

e)

2,500 NCDs aggregating to ₹ 250 Crores on

June 30, 2020.

f)

1,500 NCDs aggregating to ₹ 150 Crores on

July 3, 2020.

g)

6,250 NCDs aggregating to ₹ 625 Crores on

September 30, 2020.

5.

The Company had approved issuance and allotment of

3,47,74,811 fully paid-up Equity Shares of face value ₹ 2

each to eligible qualified institutional buyers at the issue

price of ₹ 196.37 per Equity Share (including a premium of

₹ 194.37 per Equity Share, which includes a discount of 5%

on the floor price of ₹ 206.70 per Equity Share), aggregating

to ₹ 682,87,29,636.07 on September 15, 2020. The

allotment was completed on September 15, 2020.

6.

The Company had approved on March 4, 2021 the

issuance and allotment of 4.50% secured foreign currency

convertible bonds due 2026 (‘FCCBs’) of USD 150 Million

at par, convertible into fully paid-up equity shares of face

value of ₹ 2/- each of the Company at an initial conversion

price of ₹ 242 per equity share, on or after April 14, 2021

and up to the close of business hours on February 20, 2026,

at the option of the FCCB holders. FCCBs, which are not

converted to equity shares during such specified period, will

be redeemable on March 4, 2026.

This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure and forms integral part of this report.

For Neelam Gupta and Associates

Sd/-

(Neelam Gupta)

Practicing Company Secretary

FCS : 3135 CP : 6950

PR No. : 747/2020

UDIN : F003135C000365959

Place : New Delhi

Date : 26th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter,

debarment, etc.

Observations/

remarks of the

Practicing Company

Secretary, if any.

Not Applicable

(d)

The listed entity has taken the following actions to comply

with the observations made in previous reports:

Sr.

No.

Observations of

the Practicing

Company

Secretary in the

previous reports

Observations

made in the

secretarial

compliance

report for the

year ended…

Actions

taken by

the listed

entity, if

any

Comments of

the Practicing

Company

Secretary on the

actions taken by

the listed entity

Not Applicable

For Neelam Gupta & Associates

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Neelam Gupta

Company Secretary

FCS No.: 3135

C P No.: 6950

PR No. : 747/2020

UDIN : F003135C000381777

Place: New Delhi

Date: May 27, 2021

Note: Due to outbreak of COVID 19 pandemic, this report has been

undertaken to the best of my capability based on the e-verification of scans,

soft copies, information, confirmations, records and documents made

available to us by the management.

Annexure 2

SECRETARIAL COMPLIANCE REPORT OF INDIABULLS HOUSING

FINANCE LIMITED FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

of the Company on 15.02.2021 in place of Mr. Ripudaman

Bandral,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

99:1

Mr. Ashwini Omprakash Kumar, Deputy: Managing Director

65:1

Mr. Ajit Kumar Mittal, Executive Director

0:1

Mr. Sachin Chaudhary, Executive Director

73:1

It is to be noted that the above table is drawn up on the amounts of remuneration paid to the executive directors during FY 2020- 21. W.e.f.

August 12, 2020, Mr. Sameer Gehlaut has relinquished the office of Executive

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

(DIN: 00010894)

(DIN: 02698115)

Date: June 29, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

b)

Details of the BR head

1

DIN

02016992

2

Name

Mr. Sachin Chaudhary

3

Designation

Executive Director

4

Telephone No.

+91- 124 – 6681212

5

E-mail ID

investor.relations@indiabulls.com

2.

Principle-wise as per NVGs BR Policies

The National Voluntary Guidelines on Social, Environmental and Economic Responsibilities of Business (NVGs) released by the

Ministry of Corporate Affairs has adopted nine areas of Business Responsibility. These are as below:

1.

Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with ethics, transparency and accountability;

2.

Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout their life cycle;

3.

Businesses should promote the well-being of all employees;

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director, 4 Executive Directors, 1 Non-Executive Non-

Independent Director and 7 Independent Directors of which 1 is Non-Executive Chairman.

Our functional directors are highly experienced professionals in their respective areas. The Board guides the management

on operational issues, adoption of systems and best practices in management, and provides oversight on compliance of

various legal and other requirements.

The Company understands that its governance processes must ensure that the business activities are done in a manner that

meets stakeholders’ aspirations and societal expectations. The CSR Committee of the Board oversees and governs its ESG

initiatives covering CSR initiatives on a bi-annual basis. The set targets towards responsible business initiatives are linked to

the management’s remuneration which is reviewed annually by the Board. The Company’s governance practices and details

of the various Board committees are provided in Report on Corporate Governance forming part of this Annual Report.

(2)

Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability Report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this report? How frequently

it is published?

Pursuant to Regulation 34 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended from time-to-

time), the Company publishes a Business Responsibility Report as an Annexure to the Board’s Report on an annual basis.

Business Responsibility Report of the Company is available on the website of the company viz. https://www.indiabullshomeloans.com/

SECTION E: PRINCIPLE-WISE PERFORMANCE

Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with ethics, transparency and accountability

Ethics, transparency and personal accountability are core values of the Company. It focuses on high standards of corporate governance,

in the conduct of its business and firmly believes in fair and timely disclosures. It has zero tolerance for bribery and corruption and

strives to build and maintain relationships with its lenders, borrowers, shareholders and other stakeholders in a fair, transparent and

professional manner. This helps promote moral behavior, act as a guideline for ethical decision-making, enhance reputation, prevent

negative legal consequences, encourage positive relationships, and prevent discrimination or harassment.

The Company adheres to all applicable governmental and regulatory rules in order to ensure complete transparency and accountability

in all business practices. Any and all breaches of Company guidelines are viewed very seriously by the Management, who ensures that

appropriate disciplinary action is taken.

The Company has constituted various committees such as: Audit Committee, Nomination & Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders

Relationship Committee, Risk Management Committee, Credit Committee, Asset Liability Management Committee, Investment

Committee, Customer Grievance Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, Management Committee, Bond Issue

Committee, Reorganisation Committee, Internal Compliance Committee, IT Strategy Committee, Identification Committee, Review

Committee, Restructuring and Reschedulement Committee, Securities Issuance Committee, QIP Committee and Regulatory Measures

Oversight Committee. These committees meet periodically to supervise, review and advice on the relevant/respective matters.

Code of Conduct

With the objective of enhancing the standards of governance, the Company has formulated and adopted a Code of Conduct & Ethics

for its Board Members and Senior Management team. The Code is placed on the website of the Company, which provides for ethical,

transparent and accountable behavior by its Directors and Senior Management team.

The Employee Code of Conduct provides the framework within which the Company expects its business operations to be carried out and

lays down the standards and principles, to be followed by all its employees. Failure to comply with the Code leads to disciplinary action,

including dismissal from the services of the Company.

All employees are handed over a copy of the Employee Code of Conduct on their first day of joining the Company, as a part of the

employee joini ng kit. Additionally, the contents of the Code of Conduct are also shared in detail with the employees through a specific

module that forms part of the HR session during the employee induction training program.

The Company has also formulated and adopted various other codes and policies including Fair Practices Code, Code of Practices and

Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information, Policy on Protection of Women Against Sexual Harassment

at Workplace, Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading, Know Your Customer Policy and Investment Policy, in terms of laws

applicable to its business, which are applicable to all its employees / directors for enforcement of ethical conduct from a governance,

regulatory and risk management perspective.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO are Executive Directors. Mr. Sameer Gehlaut, founder director is the Non-Executive, Non-

Independent Director. The remaining seven directors Mr. Subhash Sheoratan Mundra, Mr. Achuthan Siddharth, former

Partner, Deloitte Haskins & Sells and a Fellow member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and Associate

member of The Institute of Company Secretaries of India (appointed w.e.f. July 3, 2020), Mr. Satish Chand Mathur, Mr.

Dinabandhu Mohapatra, former MD & CEO, Bank of India and former Executive Director of Canara Bank (appointed w.e.f.

November 23, 2020), Justice Mrs. Gyan Sudha Misra (Retd.), Mr. Shamsher Singh Ahlawat and Mr. Prem Prakash Mirdha are

Non-Executive Independent Directors. The Chairman, Mr. Subhash Sheoratan Mundra, being a Non-Executive Independent

Director, the number of Independent Non-Executive Directors on the Board is above one-third of the total Board strength.

No Director is related to any other Director on the Board. The Board comprises directors that bring a wide range of skills,

expertise and experience which enhance overall board effectiveness.

The Board has identified skills and domain expertize required by the Directors of the Company which includes Banking &

Finance, Business Strategy, Corporate Governance, Corporate Social Responsibility, Foreign Exchange, Human Resources,

Information Technology, Legal, Marketing, Operations and Process Optimization, Policy Making, Recovery, Regulatory

Compliances, Risk Management, Stakeholder Management, Taxation, Treasury and Value Creation. The Directors of the

Company have mapped their skills based on the board skill matrix.

Details of Directors, directorship in listed companies, number of directorships held by them in other companies and

also the number of their memberships and chairmanships on various Board Committees, including skill sets/ expertise/

competencies/practical knowledge, as on March 31, 2021, are as under:

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO, Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & CEO and CFO have issued certificate pursuant to the Regulation 33(2)(a) of SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, 2015, certifying that the financial statements do not contain any false or misleading statement or

figures and do not omit any material fact which may make the statements or figures contained therein misleading.

(b)

The Vice-Chairman,: Managing Director & CEO and the CFO have issued certificate pursuant to the provisions of

Regulation 17(8) read with Part-B of Schedule-II of the SEBI LODR, certifying that the financial statements do not

contain any materially untrue statement and these statements represent a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs.

(v)

Codes of the Company

(a)

Code of Conduct and Ethics

The Company has laid down a Code of Conduct and Ethics (the “Code”) for the Board Members and Senior Management

personnel of the Company. The Code is available on the website of the Company https://www. indiabullshomeloans.com/.

All Board Members and Senior Management personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code. A declaration signed

by the Chief Executive Officer to this effect is enclosed at the end of this Report.

The Code seeks to ensure that the Board Members and Senior Management personnel observe a total commitment

to their duties and responsibilities while ensuring a complete adherence with the applicable statutes along with

business values and ethics.

(b)

Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading

The Company has laid down a Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading, in accordance with the requirements

of The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 and Companies Act, 2013, with a

view to regulate trading in Securities of the Company by its directors, designated persons and employees.

(vi)

Whistle Blower Policy

The Company is committed to adhere to the highest standards of ethical, moral and legal conduct of its business operations.

To maintain these standards, the Company has implemented the Whistle Blower Policy (‘’the Policy’’), to provide an avenue

for employees to report matters without the risk of subsequent victimization, discrimination or disadvantage. The Policy

applies to all employees working for the Company and its subsidiaries and no personnel have been denied access to the audit

committee. Pursuant to the Policy, the whistle blowers can raise concerns relating to matters such as breach of Company’s

Code of Conduct, fraud, bribery, corruption, employee misconduct, illegality, misappropriation of Company’s funds/assets

etc. A whistle-blowing or reporting mechanism, as set out in the Policy, invites all employees to act responsibly to uphold

the reputation of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Policy aims to ensure that serious concerns are properly raised and

addressed and are recognized as an enabling factor in administering good governance practices. The details of the Whistle

Blower Policy are available on the website of the Company (https://www.indiabullshomeloans.com/).

(vii) Strictures and penalties

During the Financial Year 2020-21, there has been no instance of any non-compliance by the Company on any matter related

to capital markets and hence, of any penalties being imposed on the Company or strictures being passed against it, by SEBI

or the Stock Exchanges.

(viii) Details of compliance with mandatory requirements and adoption of the non-mandatory requirements pursuant to SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, 2015.

The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements pursuant to SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 in letter as

well as in spirit. The details of these compliances have been given in the relevant sections of this Report. The status on

compliance with the Non mandatory requirements are given at the end of the Report.

10. DISCRETIONARY REQUIREMENTS

(A)

Non-Executive

Managing Director and CEO of the Company.

(E)

Reporting of Internal Auditor

The Internal Auditor of the Company reports to CFO and has direct access to the Audit Committee.

Except as set out above, the Company has not adopted the non-mandatory requirements as to any of the other matters

recommended under Part E of Schedule II of Regulation 27(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.

(F)

Unclaimed Shares lying in Demat Suspense Account

The Company was not required to transfer any shares in Demat Suspense Account. Accordingly, the disclosure required to be

made in terms of Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, in respect of shares in the demat suspense account or unclaimed suspense account, is not applicable to the Company.

This Corporate Governance Report of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 are in compliance with the

requirements of Corporate Governance as prescribed under Regulations 17 to 27 and clause (b) to (i) of sub- regulation (2) of

Regulation 46 of the SEBI LODR, to the extent applicable to the Company.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO REGULATION 17(8) READ WITH PART-B OF SCHEDULE-II OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS

AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015

To

The Board of Directors

Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited

As required by Regulation 17(8) read with Part-B of Schedule-II of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, we hereby confirm to the Board that:

A.

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

(1)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that

might be misleading;

(2)

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing

accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which are

fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company code of conduct.

C.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated the

effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the auditors

and the audit committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the

steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

D.

We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit committee that:

(1)

There were no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

(2)

There were no significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes

to the financial statements; and

(3)

There were no instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the

management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Sd/-

Sd/-

Gagan Banga

Mukesh Garg

Vice-Chairman,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Whole Time Director

DIN : 00010894

DIN : 03341114

Mumbai

Mumbai

per Shrawan Jalan

Mukesh Garg

Amit Jain

Partner

Membership No. 102102

Chief Financial Officer

New Delhi

Company Secretary

Gurugram

Mumbai, May 19, 2021

May 19, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Whole Time Director

DIN : 00010894

DIN : 03341114

Mumbai

Mumbai

per Shrawan Jalan

Mukesh Garg

Amit Jain

Partner

Membership No. 102102

Chief Financial Officer

New Delhi

Company Secretary

Gurugram

Mumbai, May 19, 2021

May 19, 2021

Particulars

Note

No.

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Revenue from operations

Interest Income

23

9,721.96

11,548.60

Dividend Income

24

0.17

863.04

Fees and commission Income

25

94.02

351.79

Net gain on fair value changes

26

-

-

Net gain on derecognition of financial instruments under amortised cost

category

111.27

453.01

Total revenue from operations

9,927.42

13,216.44

Other Income

27

102.70

6.79

Total Income

10,030.12

13,223.23

Expenses

Finance Costs

28

6,939.38

8,511.92

Net loss on fair value changes

26

36.95

119.96

Impairment on financial instruments

29

919.89

1,062.78

Employee Benefits Expenses

30

252.54

604.81

Depreciation, amortization and impairment

12 & 43(c)

96.70

107.84

Other expenses

31

223.00

255.03

Total Expenses

8,468.46

10,662.34

Profit before tax

1,561.66

2,560.89

Tax Expense:

(1) Current Tax

32

62.84

371.19

(2) Deferred Tax Charge / (Credit)

32

297.23

23.78

Profit for the year

1,201.59

2,165.92

Add: Share in Profit of Associate

-

33.88

Profit for the period / year attributable to the Shareholders of the Company

1,201.59

2,199.80

Other Comprehensive Income

A

(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

(a) Remeasurement gain on defined benefit plan

13.19

9.58

(b) Gain on equity instrument designated at FVOCI

(685.19)

2,054.77

(c) Impairment allowance

-

(2,402.72)

(ii) Income tax impact on above

153.45

83.47

B

(i) Items that will be reclassified

(a) Derivative instruments in Cash flow hedge relationship

(244.82)

(126.11)

(ii) Income tax impact on above

61.62

16.34

Other Comprehensive loss (A+B)

(701.75)

(364.67)

Total Comprehensive Income for the Year

499.84

1,835.13

Earnings per equity share

Basic (Rs.)

38

27.72

51.70

Diluted (Rs.)

38

27.72

51.69

Nominal value per share (Rs.)

2.00

2.00

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Whole Time Director

DIN : 00010894

DIN : 03341114

Mumbai

Mumbai

per Shrawan Jalan

Mukesh Garg

Amit Jain

Partner

Membership No. 102102

Chief Financial Officer

New Delhi

Company Secretary

Gurugram

Mumbai, May 19, 2021

May 19, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

C

Cash flows from financing activities :

Proceeds from Issue of Equity Share through ESOPs (Including Securities Premium)

662.31

4.99

Distribution of Equity Dividends (including Corporate Dividend Tax thereon)

(416.62)

(1,592.67)

(Repayment of) / Proceeds from bank loans and Others (Net)

(7,783.84)

(11,375.88)

Repayment of Commercial Papers (Net)

-

(5,330.00)

Repayment of Secured Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures (Net)

(2,508.26)

(11,439.48)

Net proceeds from issue of Subordinated Debt

-

5.00

Lease Rent Payment

(49.79)

-

Proceeds from Working capital loans (Net)

(535.82)

1,793.82

Net cash (used in) financing activities

(10,632.02)

(27,934.22)

D

Net (Decrease) / Increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)

(440.43)

(338.23)

E

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

13,564.59

13,902.82

F

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (D + E)(Refer Note 5)

13,124.16

13,564.59

The accompanying Notes are integral part of the financial statements

Notes:

1.

The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” as set out in Indian Accounting Standard

(IndAS) - 7 on ‘Statement of Cash Flows’.

2

For disclosure of investing and financing activity that do not require cash and cash equivalent (Refer note 33(iv)).

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Whole Time Director

DIN : 00010894

DIN : 03341114

Mumbai

Mumbai

per Shrawan Jalan

Mukesh Garg

Amit Jain

Partner

Membership No. 102102

Chief Financial Officer

New Delhi

Company Secretary

Gurugram

Mumbai, May 19, 2021

May 19, 2021

Reserve & Surplus

Other Comprehensive Income

Capital

Reserve

Capital

Redemption

Reserve

Securities

Premium

Account

Stock

Compensation

Adjustment

Reserve

General

Reserve

Special

Reserve U/s

36(I)(viii) of

the Income

Tax Act,

1961

Reserve

(I) As per

section

29C of the

Housing

Bank Act,

1987

Reserve

(II)

Reserve

(III)

Additional

Reserve Fund

(U/s 29C of

the National

Housing Bank

Act, 1987

Debenture

Redemption

Reserve

Debenture

Premium

Account

Share

based

Payment

reserve

Foreign

Currency

Translation

Reserve

Retained

earnings

Equity

instruments

through other

comprehensive

income

Cash flow

hedge

reserve

Total

Transferred to Reserve I (Special Reserve U/s

45IC of the Reserve Bank of India

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

3.96

-

-

3.96

Total Appropriations

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

2,478.53

-

-

2,478.53

At 31 March 2020

13.92

6.36

7,261.01

188.50 1,105.99

173.92

1,780.04

698.98 2,178.00

-

1,221.18

1.28

6.13

0.02

1,317.72

(261.56)

(237.67) 15,453.82

Profit for the year

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,201.59

-

-

1,201.59

Other Comprehensive Income

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

9.87

(528.42)

(183.20)

(701.75)

Total comprehensive income

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,211.46

(528.42)

(183.20)

499.84

Add: Transferred / Addition during the year

-

-

675.92

(9.75)

-

51.54

211.69

27.81

-

825.00

-

-

2.66

-

-

-

-

1,784.87

Less: Investment in Treasury Shares (Own

Shares)

-

-

141.03

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

141.03

Less: Adjusted / Utilised during the year

-

-

20.56

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

20.56

Appropriations:-

Interim Dividend paid on Equity Shares @

Rs. 9 Per Share

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

416.11

-

-

416.11

Transferred to Reserve I (Special Reserve U/s

29C of the NHB Act, 1987)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

211.69

-

-

211.69

Transferred to Additional Reserve (U/s 29C

of the National Housing Bank Act, 1987)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

825.00

-

-

825.00

Transferred to Special Reserve u/s 36(1)(viii)

of the Income Tax Act, 1961

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

51.54

-

-

51.54

Transferred to Reserve I (Special Reserve U/s

45IC of the Reserve Bank of India

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

27.81

-

-

27.81

Total Appropriations

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,532.15

-

-

1,532.15

At 31 March 2021

13.92

6.36

7,775.34

178.75 1,105.99

225.46

1,991.73

726.79 2,178.00

825.00

1,221.18

1.28

8.79

0.02

997.03

(789.98)

(420.87) 16,044.79

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Director's fees

0.19

0.22

Travelling and Conveyance

2.23

10.73

Stamp Duty

4.13

9.76

Recruitment Expenses

0.01

0.58

Service Charges

0.01

0.01

Business Promotion

0.26

3.19

Loss on sale of Property, plant and equipment

3.48

2.33

Commission & Brokerage

5.89

-

Electricity and water

4.84

8.34

Miscellaneous Expenses

4.72

3.58

Total

223.00

255.03

(1) Fees paid to the auditors include:

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

As auditor

Audit Fee

3.07

3.09

Certification fee*

2.06

1.49

Others

-

-

*Included in Legal and Professional Charges

5.13

4.58

(2)

In respect of Corporate Social Responsibility activities, gross amount required to be spent by the Group during the year was

Rs. 83.23 Crore (Previous Year Rs. 87.38 Crore) and Group has spent Rs. 83.23 Crore (Previous Year Rs. 87.38 Crore).

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Ashwini Omprakash Kumar, Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Whole Time Director

DIN : 00010894

DIN : 03341114

Mumbai

Mumbai

Mukesh Garg

Amit Jain

Chief Financial Officer

New Delhi

Company Secretary

Gurugram

May 19, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Whole Time Director

DIN : 00010894

DIN : 03341114

Mumbai

Mumbai

per Shrawan Jalan

Mukesh Garg

Amit Jain

Partner

Membership No. 102102

Chief Financial Officer

New Delhi

Company Secretary

Gurugram

Mumbai, May 19, 2021

May 19, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Whole Time Director

DIN : 00010894

DIN : 03341114

Mumbai

Mumbai

per Shrawan Jalan

Mukesh Garg

Amit Jain

Partner

Membership No. 102102

Chief Financial Officer

New Delhi

Company Secretary

Gurugram

Mumbai, May 19, 2021

May 19, 2021

Particulars

Note

No.

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Revenue from operations

Interest Income

22

8,490.50

9,881.51

Dividend Income

23

0.17

816.82

Fees and commission Income

24

54.16

256.15

Net gain on derecognition of financial instruments under amortised cost category

109.81

444.75

Total revenue from operations

8,654.64

11,399.23

Other Income

26

98.15

16.07

Total Income

8,752.79

11,415.30

Expenses

Finance Costs

27

6,308.04

7,709.60

Net loss on fair value changes

25

49.79

169.47

Impairment on financial instruments

28

493.01

109.26

Employee Benefits Expense

29

224.72

556.97

Depreciation, amortization and impairment

11 & 46(c)

90.82

97.80

Other expenses

30

194.24

225.48

Total Expenses

7,360.62

8,868.58

Profit before tax

1,392.17

2,546.72

Tax Expense:

(1) Current Tax

31

-

319.20

(2) Deferred Tax Charge/ (Credit)

31

333.71

67.61

Profit for the Year

1,058.46

2,159.91

Other Comprehensive Income

A

(i) Items that will not be reclassified to statement of profit or loss

(a) Remeasurement gain on defined benefit plan

12.43

9.57

(b) (Loss) / Gain on equity instrument designated at FVOCI Refer Note 9(4)

(685.19)

(89.64)

(c) impairement allowance

-

(2,402.72)

(ii) Income tax impact on above

153.64

630.68

B

(i) Items that will be reclassified to statement of profit or loss

(a) Derivative instruments in Cash flow hedge relationship

(244.82)

(126.11)

(ii) Cost of hedging for currency basis spread when excluded from

designation in a hedge relationship

(iii) Income tax impact on above

61.62

16.34

Other Comprehensive (loss) / Income (A+B)

(702.32)

(1,961.88)

Total Comprehensive Income for the Year

356.14

198.03

Earnings per equity share

Basic (Rs.)

37

23.71

50.52

Diluted (Rs.)

37

23.71

50.51

Nominal value per share (Rs.)

2.00

2.00

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Whole Time Director

DIN : 00010894

DIN : 03341114

Mumbai

Mumbai

per Shrawan Jalan

Mukesh Garg

Amit Jain

Partner

Membership No. 102102

Chief Financial Officer

New Delhi

Company Secretary

Gurugram

Mumbai, May 19, 2021

May 19, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

C

Cash flows from financing activities

Net Proceeds from Issue of Equity Share (Including Securities Premium)

662.31

4.99

Distribution of Equity Dividends (including Corporate Dividend Tax thereon)

(416.62)

(1,594.93)

Loan to Subsidiary Companies

(707.58)

(341.42)

Repayment of Term loans (Net)

(6,388.94)

(9,131.32)

Repayment of Commercial Papers (Net)

-

(5,330.00)

Repayment of Secured Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures (Net)

(3,008.15)

(10,989.09)

Lease Rent payments

(48.49)

(68.57)

(Repayment of) / Proceeds from Working capital loans (Net)

(520.82)

1,778.82

Net cash (used in) / from financing activities

(10,428.29)

(25,671.52)

D

Net (Decrease) / Increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)

(246.18)

(1,864.99)

E

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

11,491.60

13,356.59

F

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (D + E)(Refer Note 4)

11,245.42

11,491.60

The accompanying Notes are integral part of the financial statements

Notes:

1.

The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” as set out in Indian Accounting Standard

(IndAS) - 7 on ‘Statement of Cash Flows’.

2

For disclosure of investing and financing activity that do not require cash and cash equivalent (Refer Note 32)(iv).

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Whole Time Director

DIN : 00010894

DIN : 03341114

Mumbai

Mumbai

per Shrawan Jalan

Mukesh Garg

Amit Jain

Partner

Membership No. 102102

Chief Financial Officer

New Delhi

Company Secretary

Gurugram

Mumbai, May 19, 2021

May 19, 2021

Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity

of Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited for the year ended March 31, 2021

(All amount in Rs. in Crore, except for share data unless stated otherwise)

b. Other Equity

Reserve & Surplus

Other Comprehnesive

Income

Capital

reserve

Capital

Redemption

Reserve

Securites

premium

Account

Stock

Compensation

Adjustment

Reserve

General

reserve

Special

Reserve

U/s 36(I)

(viii) of the

Income Tax

Act, 1961

Reserve

(I) As per

section

29C of the

Housing

Bank Act,

1987

Reserve (II)

Reserve

(III)

Additional

Reserve Fund

(U/s 29C of

the National

Housing Bank

Act, 1987

Debenture

Redemption

Reserve

Debenture

Premium

Account

Retained

earnings

Equity

instruments

through other

comprehensive

income

Cash flow

hedge

reserve

Total

Transferred to General Reserve

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

150.00

-

-

150.00

Transferred

to

Debenture

Redemption

Reserve

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

139.47

-

-

139.47

Total Appropriations

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

2,316.40

-

-

2,316.40

As at 31 March, 2020

13.75

0.36

7,497.00

188.50 1,105.99

89.00

1,780.04

505.48

2,178.00

-

974.14

1.28

387.12

361.10

(237.67)

14,844.09

Profit for the period

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,058.46

-

-

1,058.46

Other Comrehensive Income

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

9.30

(528.42)

(183.20)

(702.32)

Total comprehensive income

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,067.76

(528.42)

(183.20)

356.14

Add: Transferred / Addition during the year

-

-

-

(9.74)

-

-

211.69

-

-

825.00

-

-

-

-

-

1,026.95

Add: during the year

-

-

675.92

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

675.92

Less: Adjused / Utilised during the year

-

-

20.56

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

20.56

Appropriations:-

Interim Dividend payable on Equity Shares @

Rs. 9 Per Share

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

416.11

-

-

416.11

Transferred to Reserve I (Special Reserve U/s

29C of the NHB Act, 1987)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

211.69

-

-

211.69

Transferred to Additional Reserve (U/s 29C of

the National Housing Bank Act, 1987)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

825.00

-

-

825.00

Total Appropriations

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,452.80

-

-

1,452.80

At 31 March 2021

13.75

0.36

8,152.36

178.76

1,105.99

89.00

1,991.73

505.48

2,178.00

825.00

974.14

1.28

2.08

(167.32)

(420.87)

15,429.74

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Ashwini Omprakash Kumar, Deputy: Managing

letter dated February 26, 2021 for instances of non-compliance

in operational matters with Policy Circular 74/2015-16; Policy Circular 86/2017-18; NHB (ND)/DRS/Misc. Circular No. 5/2011; NHB

(ND)/DRS/ Misc. Circular No. 20/2018-19; NHB (ND)/DRS/Pol-No.33/2010-11; and Para 2(1)(zc)(ii) HFCs (NHB) Directions, 2010.

Penalty of Rs. 3,45,000 was imposed by National Housing Bank vide: letter dated October 8, 2020 for non-

compliance of Section 29(A)(7) of National Housing Bank Act 1987, Para 2(1)(z)(c)(ii), 2(1)(v)(i), 28(1)(iv)(a), 28(1)

(iv)(b)(ii) and 30 of the HFCs (NHB) Directions, 2010, Para 10(1) and 10(2) of Housing Finance Companies issuance

of Non-Convertible Debentures on private placement basis (NHB) Directions, 2014, non-disclosure of some related

party transaction, Miscellaneous Policy Circular 20 and Policy Circular 74, during the financial year 2018-19.

Disclosure of Penalties imposed by NHB and other regulators [FY20]

An amount of Rs. 5,000(Rupees Five thousand only) has been levied as penalty by National Housing Bank in terms of provisions of

paragraph 29(5) of the Housing Finance Companies(NHB) Directions, 2010 on account of Submission of incorrect information on

“nature & tenure of credit rating & sourcing fee amortized” as on March 31, 2018.

(xiv) Gold loan

The Company has not granted any loans against collateral of gold jewellery (Previous Year: Nil).

(xv) Funding Concentration based on significant counterparty

No. of significant counterparties*

Amount**

% of Total Deposits

% of Total Liabilities

14.00

43,445.48

NA

63.94%

*Does not include holders of Foreign currency convertible bond and Medium Term note listed on Singapore Exchange Limited

since the holder-wise details are not available with the Company

** Represents contractual amount

Particulars

Amount**

Top 10 borrowings (Crs)*

38,765.89

Top 10 borrowings [% of Total borrowings]

64.65%

*Does not include holders of Foreign currency convertible bond and Medium Term Note listed on Singapore Exchange Limited

since the holder-wise details are not available with the Company.

** Represents contractual amount

(xvi) Funding Concentration based on significant instrument/product

Name of the instrument/product

Amount

% of Total

Liabilities

Secured Non Convertible Debentures*

29,164.70

42.9%

Term Loans

14,935.24

22.0%

Working Capital Loans

5,173.00

7.6%

Subordinated Debt

4,248.71

6.3%

External Commercial Borrowings

3,802.19

5.6%

Cash Credit (includes Securitisation and Lease Liability)

5,648.24

8.3%

*Includes Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director & CEO

Whole Time Director

DIN : 00010894

DIN : 03341114

Mumbai

Mumbai

Mukesh Garg

Amit Jain

Chief Financial Officer

New Delhi

Company Secretary

Gurugram

May 19, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Whole Time Director

CFO

Company Secretary

DIN : 00010894

DIN : 03341114

New Delhi

Gurugram

Mumbai

Mumbai

May 19, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Whole Time Director

DIN : 00010894

DIN : 03341114

Mumbai

Mumbai

Sd/-

Sd/-

Mukesh Garg

Amit Jain

CFO

Company Secretary

New Delhi

Gurugram

May 19, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

