letter bearing Ref. No. DOS.ARG.No. PS-91/08.46.005/2021-2022 dated

9th July, 2021, the approval of the Members of the Bank, be and is hereby accorded for the re-appointment of M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP, Chartered

Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 001076N / N500013) (“M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP”), as one of the Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank,

to hold office from the conclusion of the Thirty Sixth Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of the Thirty Seventh Annual General Meeting of the

Bank, for the purpose of the audit of the Bank’s standalone and consolidated financial statements, for the financial year 2021-22.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP shall act as the Joint Statutory Auditor of the Bank with such other Joint Statutory Auditor as

the Bank may appoint for the purpose of the audit of the Bank’s standalone and consolidated financial statements, at an overall audit fee of ` 2,90,00,000

(Rupees Two Crore Ninety Lakh Only) for the financial year 2021-22, to be allocated by the Bank between M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP and such other

Joint Statutory Auditor, depending upon their respective scope of work and additionally out of pocket expenses, outlays and taxes, as applicable.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that the Board, including the Audit Committee of the Board or any other person(s) authorized by the Board or Audit Committee

in this regard, be and is hereby authorized on behalf of the Bank to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion

deem necessary or desirable for such purpose and with the power to the Board to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in this regard

for the implementation of the resolution, including but not limited to determination of roles and responsibilities / scope of work of the respective

Joint Statutory Auditors, negotiating, finalising, amending, signing, delivering, executing the terms of appointment, including any contract or document

in this regard and to alter and vary the terms and conditions of remuneration arising out of increase in scope of work, amendment in Accounting

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter bearing

Ref. No. DOS.ARG.No. PS-91/08.46.005/2021-2022 dated 9th July, 2021, the approval of the Members of the Bank, be and is hereby accorded for the

appointment of M/s. Price Waterhouse LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 301112E/E300264) (“M/s. Price Waterhouse LLP”), as

one of the Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank, to hold office from the conclusion of the Thirty Sixth Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of

the Thirty Ninth Annual General Meeting of the Bank, for the purpose of the audit of the Bank’s standalone and consolidated financial statements for

the financial years 2021-22 upto 2023-24, subject to the approval of RBI, every year, from financial year 2022-23 onwards.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that M/s. Price Waterhouse LLP shall act as the Joint Statutory Auditor of the Bank with M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

(Firm Registration Number: 001076N / N500013) for the purpose of the audit of the Bank’s standalone and consolidated financial statements, at

an overall audit fee of ` 2,90,00,000 (Rupees Two Crore Ninety Lakh only) for the financial year 2021-22, to be allocated by the Bank between

M/s. Price Waterhouse LLP and M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP, depending upon their respective scope of work and additionally out of pocket expenses,

outlays and taxes, as applicable and that M/s. Price Waterhouse LLP shall, thereafter, act as the Joint Statutory Auditor of the Bank with such other new

Joint Statutory Auditor who will be appointed by the Bank, subject to the prior approval of RBI and the approval of the Members of the Bank, from the

financial year 2022-23 onwards.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that the Board, including the Audit Committee of the Board or any other person(s) authorized by the Board or Audit Committee

in this regard, be and is hereby authorized on behalf of the Bank to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion deem

necessary or desirable for such purpose and with the power to the Board to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in the regard to

the implementation of the resolution, including but not limited to determination of roles and responsibilities / scope of work of the respective Joint

Statutory Auditors, negotiating, finalising, amending, signing, delivering, executing the terms of appointment, including any contract or document in this

regard and to alter and vary the terms and conditions of remuneration arising out of increase in scope of work, amendment in Accounting Standards or

regulations and such other requirements resulting in the change in scope of work, etc. without being required to seek any further consent or approval

of the Members of the Bank.”

SPECIAL BUSINESS:

9.

Appointment of Dr. Ashok Gulati (DIN 07062601) as a Director and an Independent Director of the Bank

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED that Dr. Ashok Gulati (DIN 07062601), who was appointed as an Additional Director of the Bank, with effect from 6th March, 2021

by the Board of Directors and who holds office up to the date of this Annual General Meeting, in terms of Section 161 of the

Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the Articles of Association of the Bank, and in respect of whom the Bank has received a notice, in writing, proposing

his candidature for the office of a Director of the Bank, and who is eligible for appointment as a Director, be and is hereby appointed as a Director of

the Bank.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 and any other applicable provisions of the Act, the Companies (Appointment

and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 (“Rules”) read with Schedule IV to the Act, Regulation 17 and other applicable regulations of the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Section 10A(2A) and all other applicable provisions

of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and all applicable rules / circulars / guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, from time to time, and any

other applicable laws (including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereto, for the time being in force) and the Articles of

Association of the Bank and pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of the Board of Directors

of the Bank, the appointment of Dr. Ashok Gulati (DIN 07062601) as an Independent Director of the Bank, for a period of five years, with effect from

6th March, 2021 up to 5th March, 2026 (both days inclusive), be and is hereby approved and that during his tenure as an Independent Director of the

Bank, Dr. Gulati shall not be liable to retire by rotation, in terms of Section 149(13) of the Act.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that the Board of Directors / Officer(s) of the Bank, be and are hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things and

execute all such documents, instruments and writings, as may be required and take all such steps as may be necessary, proper and expedient to give

effect to this resolution.”

10.

Re-appointment of Mr. Uday Chander Khanna (DIN 00079129) as an Independent Director of the Bank

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 and any other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), the Companies

(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 (“Rules”) read with Schedule IV to the Act, Regulation 17 and other applicable regulations

of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”),

Section 10A(2A) and all other applicable provisions of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and all applicable rules / circulars / guidelines issued by the Reserve

Bank of India, from time to time, and any other applicable laws (including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereto, for the

time being in force), the Articles of Association of the Bank and pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the

approval of the Board of Directors of the Bank, Mr. Uday Chander Khanna (DIN 00079129), who holds office as an Independent Director of the Bank up to

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO and a

Key Managerial Person, who is holding an Office or Place of Profit in the Bank

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Section 188(1)(f) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read

with the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time

being in force), and in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee and the approval of the Board of Directors, the consent of the

Members of the Bank be and is hereby accorded for the Related Party Transaction with Mr. Jay Kotak, a related party under the provisions of the Section

2(76) of the Act, being the son of Mr. Uday Kotak,: Managing

letter along with self-attested copy of PAN Card and original cancelled cheque. The original cancelled cheque should bear the name of the

Member. In the alternative, Members are requested to submit a copy of bank passbook / statement attested by the Bank. Members holding shares in

demat form are requested to submit the aforesaid information to their respective Depository Participant.

11.

The Members are requested to register their email ID or new email-ID (if there is any change in email ID which has already been registered with the

Depository Participant / Bank), with the Depository Participant (for shares held in demat form) or Bank (for shares held in physical form).

12.

As per Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended from time to time, securities of listed companies can be transferred only in dematerialized

form, with effect from 1st April, 2019, except in case of request received for transmission or transposition of securities held in physical form. In view of

this and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shareholding, Members holding shares in physical form are requested to consider converting their

physical holding in securities into electronic form.

13.

Since the AGM will be held through VC / OAVM, the Route Map is not annexed in this Notice.

14.

Notice convening the AGM of the Bank, the Annual Report for the financial year 2020-21 and the e-voting instructions are being sent only by email to

those Members who have registered their email address with their Depository Participant(s) (“DPs”) / KFIN.

15.

Members attending the AGM through VC / OAVM shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Act.

16.

The venue of the meeting shall be deemed to be the Registered Office of the Bank at 27 BKC, C 27, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),

Mumbai – 400 051.

17.

Members who have not updated their latest email address in the records of the Bank / Depository Participant, are requested to update the same.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter, etc., with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the

Scrutinizer by email to rupaldjhaveri@rediffmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

•

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login

to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details / Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on https://www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the

password.

•

In case of any queries, you may refer to the Frequently Asked Questions (“FAQs”) for Members and e-voting user manual for Members

available in the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on the tollfree number: 1800 1020 990 /1800 224 430, or send a request

to Ms. Soni Singh, NSDL, 4th Floor, ‘A’ Wing, Trade World, Kamala Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013;

Email: evoting@nsdl.co.in to get your grievances on e-voting addressed.

5.

Dividend Related Information:

•

The Record Date for determining the names of the Members eligible for dividend on the Equity Shares, if declared at the AGM, is Thursday,

12th August, 2021.

•

If the dividend on Equity Shares, as recommended by the Board of Directors, is approved at the Meeting, payment thereof will be made on or

before Tuesday, 31st August, 2021, to those Members whose names appeared on the Register of Members / Statement of beneficial position

received from the Depositories as at the close of business hours on Thursday, 12th August, 2021.

•

Members holding shares in dematerialized form are requested to intimate any change in their address or bank account details to their respective

Depository Participants with whom they are maintaining demat accounts before Thursday, 12th August, 2021.

•

Members are requested to claim their unclaimed dividend, if any, in respect of the shares held by them, failing which it will be transferred to

the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Investor Education and Protection Fund

Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, within the statutorily prescribed time period. Members are requested to write to

KFIN, for claiming unclaimed dividend.

•

SEBI vide its circular dated 20th April, 2018 has mandated registration of Permanent Account Number (“PAN”) and Bank Account Details for all

securities holders. Members holding shares in physical form are, therefore, requested to submit their PAN and Bank Account Details to KFIN / Bank

by sending a duly signed: letter along with self-attested copy of PAN card and original cancelled cheque. The original cancelled cheque should

bear the name of the Member. In the alternative, Members are requested to submit a copy of bank passbook / statement attested by the Bank.

Members holding shares in demat form are requested to submit the aforesaid information to their respective Depository Participant.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter, along

with a cancelled cheque leaf with the Members’ name and bank account details and a copy of their PAN card, duly self-attested. This will facilitate

receipt of dividend directly into the Members’ Bank account. In case the cancelled cheque leaf does not bear the Members’ name, please attach

a copy of the Bank pass-book statement, duly self-attested.

Kindly note that the aforementioned documents are required to be uploaded before Friday, 13th August, 2021 with KFIN at https://ris.kfintech.com/form15.

You can also visit the site at www.kotak.com under tab ‘Investor Relations’ to download the documents as applicable in order to enable the Bank

to determine and deduct appropriate TDS / withholding tax rate. No communication on the tax determination / deduction shall be entertained

post Friday, 13th August, 2021. It may be further noted that in case the tax on said dividend is deducted at a higher rate in absence of receipt of

the aforementioned details / documents from the Members, there would still be an option available with Members to file the return of income

and claim an appropriate refund, if eligible.

•

No claim shall lie against the Bank for such taxes deducted. For further information, Members are requested to refer to the email communication

sent to them in this regard.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter. For financial year 2020-21, certification for additional requirements such as for Liquidity Coverage

Ratio, Interest subvention, compliance with RTGS instructions, EVM chips and PIN cards, compliance to provisions on master directions on issuance and

operation of Prepaid Payment Instruments, etc. were included in addition to the requirement of existing certificates, thereby enhancing the scope of work

as also increased efforts.

Based on the approval and recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board at its meeting held on 29th June, 2021, approved of the aforementioned

payment of additional remuneration, subject to the approval of the Members of the Bank and such other consents / permissions / sanctions as may be required

from any regulatory / statutory authority, if any.

The approval of the Members is now being sought for payment of additional fees / remuneration of ` 24,00,000 (Rupees Twenty Four Lakh only) plus outlays

and taxes at the applicable rates for additional certification requirements and general increase in efforts for financial year 2020-21.

Your Directors recommend the passing of resolution at Item No. 6 of the accompanying Notice.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank or their relatives are in any way, financially or otherwise concerned or interested, in the passing

of the Ordinary Resolution at Item No.6 of the accompanying Notice.

ITEM NOS. 7 AND 8

M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 001076N / N500013) (hereinafter referred to as “M/s. Walker Chandiok

& Co LLP “) were appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the Bank for a period of two years from financial year 2019-20 to financial year 2020-21. As per the

provisions of the Circular No.DBS.No.ARS.BC.8 08.91.001/2000-2001 dated 30th January, 2001 issued by the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”), an audit firm can

continue as the auditor of a Bank for a continuous period of four years only. However, in view of the Guidelines for Appointment of Statutory Central Auditors

(SCAs) / Statutory Auditors (SAs) of Commercial Banks (excluding RRBs), UCBs and NBFCs (including HFCs) issued by RBI vide Circular No. DoS.CO.ARG /

SEC.01/08.91.001/2021-22 dated 27th April, 2021 (“RBI Circular / Guidelines”) read together with Frequently Asked Questions, the current Statutory Auditors

can now be a Joint Statutory Auditor of the Bank for a continuous period of three years, including the number of years for which they have been Statutory

Auditors, effective financial year 2021-22, subject to the audit firms satisfying the eligibility norms stipulated therein, each year.

As per Clause 4 of RBI Circular, since the Bank’s asset size is more than the threshold stipulated in the said RBI Circular, the statutory audit of the Bank would

need to be conducted under the joint audit, with a minimum of two Joint Statutory Auditors.

In accordance with the RBI Guidelines, the Bank has framed a Board approved Policy on appointment of Statutory Auditors and has identified a set of criterias

for evaluating the eligibility of the audit firms as also the auditor independence.

It may be noted that the Management met various firms who would potentially be eligible to be appointed as the Joint Statutory Auditors. While meeting

these firms, criteria such as eligibility, size and vintage of the firm, number of partners, experience of the partners and the proposed team in banking and NBFC

audits, financial services, Information Technology, consolidated financial statements, INDAS auditing, etc. were used for shortlisting the firms for appointment

as Joint Statutory Auditors for the Bank. Basis meetings with such firms, the Management shortlisted firms and presented them to the Audit Committee for

their consideration, for appointment as the Joint Statutory Auditors along with Walker Chandiok & Co. LLP.

Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee and a review of the firms profile, experience and specialization in audit of banking and financial services

sector, experience in Information Technology, etc. and subject to the approvals of RBI and from other regulatory / statutory authority(ies), as may be required,

the Board at its meeting held on 24th June, 2021, inter alia, approved and recommended for the approval of the Members, the:

(i)

re-appointment of M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP, as the Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank, for financial year 2021-22, to hold office from the

conclusion of the Thirty Sixth Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of the Thirty Seventh Annual General Meeting of the Bank; and

(ii)

appointment of M/s. Price Waterhouse LLP, Chartered Accountants, as the other Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank, for a period of three years with

effect from financial year 2021-22, to hold office from the conclusion of the Thirty Sixth Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of the Thirty Ninth

Annual General Meeting of the Bank

for the purpose of the audit of the Bank’s standalone and consolidated financial statements, with power to the Board (including the Audit Committee of the

Board or any other person(s) authorized by the Board or Audit Committee in this regard), to do all such acts, matters, deeds and things as may be necessary

or desirable in connection with or incidental for giving effect to the said re-appointment / appointment (as the case may be) of the Joint Statutory Auditors,

including but not limited to determination of roles and responsibilities / scope of work of the respective Joint Statutory Auditors, negotiating, finalising,

amending, signing, delivering, executing the terms of re-appointment / appointment, including any contracts or documents in this regard, alter and vary the

terms and conditions of remuneration arising out of increase in scope of work, amendment in Accounting Standards or regulations and such other requirements

resulting in the change in scope of work, without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the Members of the Bank.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter bearing Ref No. DOS.ARG.No. PS-91/08.46.005/2021-2022 dated 9th July, 2021, granted its approval for the aforementioned

re-appointment / appointment of the Statutory Auditors.

The details in relation to and credentials of the Statutory Auditors are, as follows:

M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP:

M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP is a limited liability partnership firm established in 1935. With 13 offices across the country, 50 partners and a team of

more than 1,500 people, it provides audit, tax and advisory services.

The firm has experience across a range of industries, market segments and geographical corridors. The Firm has audited companies in the financial services

sector, including banks and, at present, audits several companies in the sector.

Price Waterhouse LLP:

Price Waterhouse LLP is a separate, distinct and independent member firm of the PW India Network of Firms which consists of 12 separate, distinct and

independent member firms, each of which is incorporated in accordance with the local legal requirements and are registered with the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India as ‘Price Waterhouse & Affiliates’.

Price Waterhouse & Affiliates are cumulatively more than 100 years old in India and have offices in 10 cities in India - Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Gurgaon, Bangalore,

Kolkata, Hyderabad, Pune, Chennai, New Delhi and Jamshedpur. Price Waterhouse LLP has more than 45 partners as on date having years of experience in

auditing clients across various sectors including clients in Banking and Financial Service Sector and more than 150 qualified professionals.

Pursuant to the aforementioned authority granted by the Board to the Audit Committee of the Bank, the Audit Committee at its meeting held on

26th July, 2021, approved an overall annual remuneration / fee of an amount not exceeding ` 2,90,00,000 (Rupees Two Crore Ninety Lakh only) plus outlays

and taxes at the applicable rates, for financial year 2021-22, to M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP and M/s. Price Waterhouse LLP, the Joint Statutory Auditors, to

be mutually agreed between the Bank and both the Joint Statutory Auditors, depending on the scope of work undertaken by each of them, for the purpose

of audit of the Bank’s standalone and consolidated financial statements and subject to the approval of the Members.

The approval of Members of the Bank is, accordingly, being sought pursuant to the provisions of Sections 139, 141,142 and other applicable provisions, if

any, of the Act and the relevant Rules thereunder and pursuant to Section 30 of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and RBI Circular for the aforementioned

re-appointment / appointment (as the case may be) of the Joint Statutory Auditors as also for granting authority to the Board including the Audit Committee,

to allocate the overall remuneration / fees between M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP and M/s. Price Waterhouse LLP, as may be mutually agreed, to alter and

vary the terms and conditions arising out of increase in scope of work, amendment in Accounting Standards or regulations and such other requirements

resulting in change in scope of work.

The Board recommends the re-appointment of M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP and the appointment of M/s. Price Waterhouse LLP as the Bank’s Joint Statutory

Auditors, for a period of one year and three years (subject to the approval of the RBI every year), respectively.

Your Directors recommend the passing of resolutions at Item Nos. 7 and 8 of the accompanying Notice.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives are in any way, financially or otherwise concerned or interested, in the passing of the Ordinary

Resolutions at Item Nos. 7 and 8 of the accompanying Notice.

ITEM NO. 9

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of the Bank at its meeting held on 5th March, 2021,

considered and approved the appointment of Dr. Ashok Gulati (DIN No. 07062601) as an Additional Director of the Bank and as an Independent Director, not

liable to retire by rotation, for a term of five years, with effect from 6th March, 2021, subject to the approval of the Members of the Bank.

It may be noted that Dr. Gulati, aged 67 years, is a M.A. and Ph.D. from Delhi School of Economics. Dr. Gulati is an eminent Indian agricultural economist

and is currently Infosys Chair Professor for Agriculture at the Indian Council for Research on International Economic Relations. He has been deeply involved in

policy analysis and advice in India. For his contributions to the field, the President of India honored him with the “Padma Shri” award in 2015. Dr. Gulati has

16 books to his credit on Indian and Asian Agriculture, besides numerous research papers in national and International Journals. A brief profile of Dr. Gulati,

in terms of Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and the Secretarial

Standards on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, has been provided in the Annexure attached to the Notice.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the Articles of Association of the Bank, Dr. Gulati shall hold office

as an Additional Director upto the date of this ensuing Annual General Meeting and is eligible to be appointed as a Director. The Bank has, in terms of

Section 160(1) of the Act, received in writing, a notice from a Member proposing the candidature of Dr. Gulati for the office of Director of the Bank. The

appointment of Dr. Gulati, as an Independent Director of the Bank, is subject to the approval of the Members of the Bank.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board have determined that Dr. Gulati is a fit and proper person to be appointed as a Director of the

Bank, as per the fit and proper norms prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India and is not debarred from being appointed as a Director by the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) or any other authority.

Dr. Gulati has given a declaration to the effect that he meets the criteria of independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Act read with the Rules

framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and is also eligible to be appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act.

Dr. Gulati has also given his consent to act as a Director.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter for the appointment of Dr. Gulati as an Independent Director, setting out all the terms and conditions, shall be open for inspection in

electronic mode, without any fee, on all working days, between Monday to Friday, except public holidays upto the date of the Meeting.

Dr. Gulati is not related to any Director or any Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank.

Your Directors recommend the passing of the resolution at Item No. 9 of the accompanying Notice.

Except for Dr. Gulati and his relatives, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank or their respective relatives are in any way concerned

or interested, financially or otherwise, in the passing of the Ordinary Resolution at Item No.9 of the accompanying Notice.

ITEM NO. 10

In accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the Rules framed thereunder, the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 (“BR Act”) and the

Articles of Association of the Bank, the Members of the Bank had, at the Annual General Meeting held on 20th July, 2017, approved the appointment of

Mr. Uday Chander Khanna (DIN No. 00079129) as an Independent Director on the Board of the Bank to hold office for a period of five years commencing

from 16th September, 2016 to 15th September, 2021.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 149 and other applicable provisions of the Act, an Independent Director can hold office for a term of upto five consecutive

years on the Board of a company and is eligible for re-appointment on passing a Special Resolution by the company and disclosure of such re-appointment

in the Board’s Report. Further, as per Section 10A (2A) of the BR Act, no director of a banking company, other than its Chairperson or Whole-Time Director,

can hold office continuously for a period exceeding eight years. The Reserve Bank of India, vide Circular No. DOR.GOV.REC.8/29.67.001/2021-22 dated

26th April, 2021 has now permitted the age of the Non-Executive Directors to be 75 years as against 70 years prescribed earlier.

In view of the above and the provisions of the BR Act with respect to the tenure of a director and based on the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee, the skill, expertise and outcome of performance evaluation, the Board of Directors of the Bank, at their meeting held on

29th June, 2021, considered and approved the re-appointment of Mr. Khanna as an Independent Director of the Bank to hold office for a further period of

three years commencing from 16th September, 2021, subject to the approval of the Members of the Bank. It may be noted that Mr. Khanna would be 74 years

at the time of completion of his tenure as above.

Mr. Khanna, aged 71 years, is a Chartered Accountant by qualification. Mr. Khanna was the Financial Controller and Treasurer of Hindustan Unilever and,

thereafter, was on the Board of Hindustan Unilever as Director - Exports. He was the: Managing Director & CEO of Lafarge India from July 2005 to July 2011

and the Non-Executive

letter for the re-appointment of Mr. Khanna as an Independent Director, setting out all the terms and conditions, shall be open for inspection

in electronic mode, without any fee, on all working days, between Monday to Friday, except public holidays upto the date of the Meeting.

Mr. Khanna is not related to any Director or any Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank.

Your Directors recommend the passing of the resolution at Item No. 10 of the accompanying Notice.

Except for Mr. Khanna and his relatives, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank or their respective relatives are, in any way concerned

or interested, financially or otherwise, in the passing of the Special Resolution at Item No.10 of the accompanying Notice.

ITEM NOS. 11 AND 12

As per the provisions of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), transactions with related parties which are on an arm’s length basis and in the

ordinary course of business, are exempted from the obligation of obtaining consent of shareholders. However, such transactions, if material, require the

approval of Shareholders through a resolution, notwithstanding the fact that the same are at an arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of business, as

per the requirements of the provisions of Regulation 23(4) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”). Further, the explanation to Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI Listing Regulations provides that a transaction with a

related party shall be considered material, if the transaction(s) to be entered into individually or taken together with previous transactions during a financial

year, exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the listed entity, as per the last audited financial statements of the listed entity.

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited (“Bank”), in the ordinary course of its normal banking business, opens accounts and receives deposits including Current Account

Deposits, Savings Account Deposits, Fixed Deposits, etc. (“Deposits”) from its customers and for which the Bank pays interest to such customers as per the

prevailing applicable interest rates. As per the applicable regulatory directions, circulars and guidelines stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India, banks are

required to accept deposits at uniform interest rates and cannot distinguish between the customers’ vis-a-vis interest rates and other terms and conditions. All

customers seeking a specific type of deposit within the slabs of amount and tenure will earn the same rate of interest. Additionally, once a Demand Deposit

Account is opened, a bank cannot legally stop amounts coming into the customer’s account and it is entirely upto the discretion of the customer how much

amount it seeks to place into the deposit.

The Bank has separately obtained legal opinions, which opine that Deposits cannot be classified as transactions which are intended to be covered in the ambit

of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

However, out of abundant caution and as a measure of good corporate governance, the Bank is seeking the approval of the Members for the resolutions at

Item Nos. 11 and 12 of the accompanying Notice.

Furthermore, pursuant to the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Members vide resolutions passed by Postal Ballot on 23rd March, 2021 had ratified

and approved the related party transactions entered into with Infina Finance Private Limited and Mr. Uday Suresh Kotak for financial year 2020-21.

The above transactions have continued so far in financial year 2021-22 and have been / shall be at an arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of business

of the Bank.

Further, it be noted that all such transactions as mentioned under para (b) of resolution under Item no. 11 and para (b) of resolution under Item no. 12 mentioned

above, will be less than even one percent of the annual consolidated turnover of the Bank for the relevant year. However, these taken together with transactions

as mentioned under para (a) of resolution 11 and para (a) of resolution 12, respectively, as mentioned above, in the aggregate, may exceed or have exceeded

10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the Bank for the relevant year, wherein Deposits would form a substantial portion of such transaction value.

The Audit Committee of the Bank has approved the said transactions and has noted and recommended that the approval of the Members be sought for the

resolutions contained at Item No.11 and Item No.12 of the accompanying Notice. Accordingly, your Board recommends the passing of the resolutions contained

at Item No.11 and Item No. 12 of the accompanying Notice, for the approval of the Members.

Mr. Suresh Kotak, father of Mr. Uday Kotak,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO and a Key Managerial Personnel of the Kotak Mahindra Bank

Limited (“Bank”). Mr. Jay Kotak completed his Bachelors in Arts (History) from Columbia University, New York (USA) in 2011 and his MBA from Harvard Business

School, Boston (MA, USA) in 2017. Before doing his MBA, he worked as a Sectoral Analyst with Infina Finance Private Limited, Mumbai, from 2011–2012 and

then worked with McKinsey & Company, Mumbai, as a Business Analyst from 2012–14. Post his MBA from Harvard, he worked with Kotak Mahindra Capital

Company Limited (“KMCC”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank as an Associate from 30th October, 2017 to 30th October, 2019 and was a part of the

pool resource. KMCC had vacancies and was interested in hiring associates in its Advisory team and had interviewed a few candidates. Mr. Jay Kotak was

one of the selected candidates. He was interviewed for the Associate – Advisory role by a panel of interviewers and was found suitable for the job.

Further, the Audit Committee and the Board of the Bank had, in October 2017, accorded their respective consents for the proposed related party transaction

of the Bank pertaining to holding office or place of profit / employment by Mr. Jay Kotak, as an Associate in KMCC, at a remuneration not exceeding

` 2.50 lakh (Rupees Two Lakh Fifty Thousand Only) per month. During his tenure with KMCC, he worked on sector research and had supported the Investment

Banking team on various assignments.

Mr. Jay Kotak joined the Bank on 1st November, 2019 as an Executive Assistant to the President – Consumer Bank, with a monthly remuneration not exceeding

` 2,50,000 (Rupees Two Lakh Fifty Thousand Only). He was selected for this role following an application made by him in response to an internal job posting,

a process followed by the Kotak Group for announcing vacancies for candidates within the Kotak Group. The Audit Committee and the Board of Directors

of the Bank, at their meetings both held in October 2019, granted their respective consents for the related party transaction pertaining to holding an office

or place of profit / employment by Mr. Jay Kotak in the Bank, at a remuneration not exceeding ` 30,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty Lakh Only) per annum (including

variable pay, benefits, perquisites, allowances and facilities as per the policy of the Bank).

Being the son of Mr. Uday Kotak,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO and Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank.

c.

Nature of relationship: Mr. Jay Kotak is the son of Mr. Uday Kotak,: Managing

Managing Director

of Kotak Securities Limited. Mr. Jayaram

headed the Wealth Management business,

Alternative Investments business including

Private Equity funds and Real Estate

funds and international operations for

Kotak Group till his retirement as Joint: Managing Director in April 2016. He was

with the Kotak Group for 26 years and was

instrumental in building a number of new

businesses at Kotak Group. Prior to joining

the Kotak Group, he was with Overseas

Sanmar Financial Ltd.

Special Knowledge / Expertise - Finance,

Economics and Management

Dr. Ashok Gulati, aged 67 years, is a M.A.

and Ph.D. from Delhi School of Economics.

Dr. Gulati is an eminent Indian agricultural

economist and is currently Infosys Chair

Professor for Agriculture at the Indian

Council for Research on International

Economic Relations. He was also a

former

Managing Director & CEO

that we must embrace living in a world

where the new normal and never

normal coexist.

Look around us. And what is clear is

that the pandemic has resulted in some

everlasting changes in the way consumers

and businesses will function. There are

some significant structural changes that

are taking place, in the way we live and

work, the way we bank, shop and interact

with others. When it comes to digital

and technology, we have leapfrogged

five years in the span of a year, and while

there will be some rebalancing when we

revert to more in-person interactions,

there is no going back completely, with

digital extending to almost all aspects of

our lives.

The other consequence of the pandemic is

the risk of increasing imbalance between

the rich and the poor – both when it

comes to people and nations.

This poses some important questions.

Will the post-COVID world see greater

collaboration between nations or will

each country retreat into a silo? Will it

give a boost to globalisation or increase

protectionism? How do we ensure equal

growth that embraces all? And from

India’s perspective, how do we turn this

crisis into a significant opportunity for the

country and its citizens?

14

Never Normal

Financial Highlights

15

Consolidated Financial Statements

Bank Reports and Statements

Annual Report 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

India in 2021 is also where we were in

2003, at the early stages of an investment

cycle. The growth driver for India will be

infrastructure – both physical and social.

Investments in physical infrastructure,

including internet and broadband

connectivity, sharp increase in healthcare

spending – building and upgrading

healthcare facilities, training doctors and

nurses, and education are a sine qua non.

We have to invest significantly more and

move closer to the 3% of GDP mark in

healthcare investments over the next 3-5

years.

However, the country cannot lose sight

of the importance of sustainability as

we pursue our growth priorities. Climate

change is a reality and sustainable growth

is the future. Profit, people and the planet

are closely intertwined such that we

cannot focus on one at the expense of the

other. We will also see a disproportionate

flow of global and domestic capital to

companies that adopt and integrate the

principles of ESG in their businesses.

Kotak in the Never Normal

From caution to growth conviction

Which brings me to Kotak. As I’ve said

before, our ambition is to continue

to build on our vision of a world-class

financial services institution that delivers

long-term sustainable returns for all its

stakeholders. With that in mind and

against the backdrop of the pandemic,

you will see a significant shift in our

approach, one of greater aggression, one

that is even sharper on execution.

We will not shy away from taking bolder

bets. We have a deep conviction in the

India growth story and confidence in our

risk management capabilities. And we

believe the time is right to experiment

more, concentrate on segments that we

deem offer the best opportunities for

returns and, in the process, support the

Indian economy by extending credit,

while at the same time providing safety

to our depositors.

Our template for growth as always will

revolve around risk-adjusted returns. We

don’t look at either – returns or risk - in

isolation. Today we have a much lighter

balance sheet and with sufficient capital

in our hands, we are ready to grow

substantially faster, but on our terms.

The other area that takes precedence for

us is higher investments in strengthening

our digital and technology platforms and

offerings. The future may be uncertain,

but we can be confident that it belongs

to technology. What was once a support

function to business, is now the epicentre

around which our businesses will revolve.

Finally, you will see a further shift in our

business model towards being even more

customer-centric. While customer-first was

always the byword that we lived by, the

needs of the customer are now even more

front and centre. Our model will revolve

principally around customers and business

decisions will be taken with the customer

at the core.

16

Never Normal

Financial Highlights

17

Consolidated Financial Statements

Bank Reports and Statements

Annual Report 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Farida Khambata

Independent Director

Uday Shankar

Independent Director

Dipak Gupta

Joint: Managing

letter on the chat itself for home loans,

business loans and LAP

• DIGI-PL – an end-to-end digital

processing of personal loans with online

disbursal for existing bank customers

• Digi Home Loans – an end-to-end

fully digital and paperless home loan

sanction journey

Digital deposits

We accelerated analytical interventions

to identify customers’ likelihood to use

physical banking services and offered them

the benefits of digital alternatives.

96%

RD

RD and FD booked through digital channels

84%

FD

Cyber security and frauds

When it comes to convenience versus

security, we naturally prioritise security.

Increasingly AI/ML models are being

leveraged to control fraud, reduce

frauds in transactions and AML^. Device

registration was introduced on the mobile

app in the mid of FY 2020-21. This resulted

in 75% fewer frauds via mobile app in H2

vs. H1 FY 2020-21.

92%

Investment accounts sourced

through mobile/net banking

Commercial Banking

• Launched WhatsApp services for retail

customers to get loan information

related to commercial vehicle,

construction equipment and tractor

loans including request for NOC, new

loan and insurance renewal

• Payment facility through UPI on

receipt of dynamic QR code, improving

collection efficiency and ensuring

contactless operations

Wholesale Banking

• Launched a new cash management

portal with enhanced features like

new journeys, widgets as well as

personalised reports and dashboard

creation facilities

• Enhanced API Banking by upgrading

the API Management Portal. It now

hosts a wide range of APIs such as UPI,

CMS, e-collection, fund transfer and

account services, among others

• Continued to partner with fintech

players especially in the areas of trade,

supply chain, acquiring and fund

management solutions

EMPOWERING FARMERS

Launched ‘Digifarm’, an online app-based platform

for digitising the KYC of farmers for corporate

linked farmer finance.

Selected as a digital payments partner by the

electronic National Agriculture Market (eNAM),

a pan-India electronic trading portal for farm

produce, digitising the agricultural ecosystem.

Digital Ecosystem

Digitalisation has been integral to Kotak’s core growth strategy focusing on customer

acquisition, engagement and experience. It has also been instrumental in building

a future-ready banking franchise. When the pandemic-induced disruptions brought

forward digital transformation by several years, we were more prepared than ever to

leapfrog a few generations of emerging technologies. Today, we are redefining customer

experience as well as business models, harnessing the power of data analytics and AI.

We are building on a robust architecture, a full technology stack and a keen ear-to-the-ground approach. In FY 2020-21,

we added several new features to our digital platforms and witnessed an exponential increase in their usage. From

Video KYC to cardless ATM transactions and more online payment options to end-to-end loan processing, the Kotak

Digital Universe is enabling a seamless transition to the digital economy while elevating customer delight.

Consumer Banking

Video KYC for customer

acquisition

We launched a zero-contact video KYC

facility in May 2020 for acquisitions under

Kotak 811 in a completely digital and

paperless manner allowing prospects to

become customers of the Bank with a fully

contactless, paperless KYC process over a

video call.

40%

*

Increase in monthly active users for

Keya Chatbot

Conversational banking

We scaled up Keya Chatbot and

WhatsApp Banking to handle more

products, services and related queries.

They will now have a sizeable footprint

and become mainstream digital channels.

111%

*

Increase in monthly active users of

WhatsApp Banking

Curation and participation

in ecosystems

We expanded shopping categories in

KayMall, the ‘Virtual Mall’ inside the

Bank’s mobile app, to include flights,

hotels, bus, groceries, trains and cabs,

shopping and magazines, among

others. Quarterly shopping and grocery

transaction volume in KayMall saw a 1.9X

increase in Q4FY21 vs. Q4FY20.

1.9x

Consumer digital payment volumes

Digital payments

Major new features introduced in the

mobile banking app were pre-approved

‘PayDay’ Loan, card controls for credit

and debit cards, new credit card overview

section, e-Statement on mobile, application

for Sovereign Gold Bond, and new device

activation flow.

UPI witnessed rapid growth with

Transactions growth on mobile app

10.3x

Transactions acquired

72%

38%

Volume

Value

Net banking and mobile app

We launched a revamped net banking

platform with a clean and refreshed UI/UX

for both retail and corporate customers.

Our mobile banking app added multiple

customer-friendly features that cater to

banking, payments and lifestyle needs

of customers and has seen a significant

surge in usage in the post-pandemic world.

It added new features like send money

abroad, e-Statement, NPS and Insurance,

among others.

YoY I *March 2021 vs. March 2020

We are making banking services available

on partner platforms through Connected

Banking using APIs. This allows us to

acquire and engage with customers of

partner platforms like fintechs, startups,

retail businesses, neobanks, aggregators

and enterprises, among others.

The digital universe of

Kotak Mahindra Bank

Delivering

Driving a

connected experience

Never Normal

Financial Highlights

33

Consolidated Financial Statements

Bank Reports and Statements

32

Annual Report 2020-21

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director under Section 34A of the Insurance Act, 1938 from the IRDAI is awaited.

Further, based on the consideration of audit reports of the statutory auditors of five subsidiaries, Kotak Securities Limited, Kotak Mahindra Trusteeship

Services Limited, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited, Kotak Mahindra Trustee Company Limited and Kotak Mahindra Pension Fund Limited, the

remuneration paid to their directors during the year ended 31 March 2021 was in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act.

Further, for one associate not audited during the year as described in paragraph 20 of our report, and for seven subsidiaries and two associates in India,

covered under the Act, in absence of reporting by statutory auditors of such entities with respect to compliance of the provisions of section 197 read

with Schedule V of the Act, as applicable, during the year ended 31 March 2021, we are unable to comment on such compliance for the said entities

as required to be reported by us under section 197(16) of the Act.

24.

As required by section 143 (3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of the reports of the other auditors on separate financial statements

and other financial information of the subsidiaries and associates, we report, to the extent applicable, that:

a)

we have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were necessary for the purpose

of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements;

b)

in our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements have been

kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books and the reports of the other auditors;

c)

the consolidated Balance Sheet, the consolidated Profit and Loss Account, and the consolidated Cash Flow Statement dealt with by this report

are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements;

d)

in our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards specified under section 133 of the Act,

read with rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014(as amended);

e)

on the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company and taken on record by the Board of Directors of

the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory auditors of its subsidiary companies and associate companies covered under the Act, none

of the directors of the Group companies and its associate companies covered under the Act, are disqualified as on 31 March 2021 from being

appointed as a director in terms of section 164(2) of the Act;

f)

With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to the financial statements of the Holding Company, its subsidiary

companies and associate companies covered under the Act, and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in

‘Annexure II’; and

g)

With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,

2014 (as amended), in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration

of the report of the other auditors on separate financial statements as also the other financial information of the subsidiaries and associates:

i.

The consolidated financial statements disclose the impact of pending litigations on the consolidated financial position of the Group, and its

associates as detailed in Schedule 12.I, Schedule 17 Note 2(W) and Schedule 17 Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements;

Consolidated financial statements

Independent Auditor’s Report

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Murad D. Daruwalla

Dipak Gupta

Uday Khanna

Partner

Joint: Managing Director

Director

Membership No. 043334

Jaimin Bhatt

Avan Doomasia

Mumbai

3rd May, 2021

Group President and

Group Chief Financial Officer

Senior Executive Vice President and

Company Secretary

(₹ in thousands)

Schedule

For the year ended

31st March, 2021

For the year ended

31st March, 2020

I.

INCOME

Interest Earned

13

328,198,306

334,741,610

Other Income

14

239,949,375

168,915,750

Total

568,147,681

503,657,360

II.

EXPENDITURE

Interest Expended

15

129,665,484

159,006,795

Operating Expenses

16

274,201,888

204,851,517

Provisions and Contingencies (Refer Note 8 - Schedule 17)

65,251,352

53,728,199

Total

469,118,724

417,586,511

III.

PROFIT

Net Profit for the year

99,028,957

86,070,849

Add: Share in profit / (loss) of Associates

873,082

(137,239)

Consolidated Profit for the year attributable to the Group

99,902,039

85,933,610

Add: Balance in Profit and Loss Account brought forward from previous year

364,358,501

304,070,411

Total

464,260,540

390,004,021

IV.

APPROPRIATIONS

Transfer to Statutory Reserve

17,412,100

14,868,000

Transfer to Special Reserve u/s 45 IC of RBI Act, 1934

1,651,709

1,958,227

Transfer to Special Reserve u/s 36(1)(viii) of Income Tax Act, 1961

1,100,000

800,000

Transfer to Debenture Redemption Reserve

118,000

34,000

Transfer to Capital Reserve

145,000

1,148,400

Transfer to / (from) Fraud Provision

-

(13,971)

Transfer to / (from) Investment Reserve Account

-

(310,622)

Transfer to Investment Fluctuation Reserve Account

8,206,596

4,831,336

Dividend

405,000

1,932,583

Corporate Dividend Tax

-

397,567

Balance carried over to Balance Sheet

435,222,135

364,358,501

Total

464,260,540

390,004,021

V.

EARNINGS PER SHARE [Refer Note 12 - Schedule 17]

Basic (₹)

50.53

44.73

Diluted (₹)

50.49

44.68

Face value per share (₹)

5.00

5.00

Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Accounts forming part of the Consolidated

Financial Statements

17

The schedules referred to above form an integral part of this Consolidated Profit and Loss

Account

As per our report of even date attached

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Prakash Apte

Uday Kotak

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No. 001076N/N500013

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Murad D. Daruwalla

Dipak Gupta

Uday Khanna

Partner

Joint: Managing

letter of credit commission is recognised over the period of the guarantee and: letter of credit respectively. Syndication / arranger fee is

recognised as income as per the terms of engagement.

vi.

Interest income on discounted instruments is recognised over the tenure of the instruments so as to provide a constant periodic rate of

return.

vii.

Upon an asset becoming non-performing assets (NPAs) the income accrued gets reversed, and is recognised only on realisation, as per RBI

guidelines. Penal interest is recognised as income on realisation other than on running accounts where it is recognised when due.

viii.

Gain on account of securitisation of assets is amortised over the life of the securities issued in accordance with the guidelines issued by the

RBI. Loss on account of securitisation of assets is recognised immediately in profit and loss account.

ix.

Gain on account of assignment of assets on bilateral basis is recognised based on the difference between the book value of the assigned

assets and sale consideration received.

x.

Dividend income is accounted on an accrual basis when the right to receive the dividend is established.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter or when right to receive is established.

vi.

The Group receives fees for providing research to clients and records the income at the time services are provided.

D.

FIXED ASSETS (PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS)

Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible assets have been stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortisation and adjusted for

impairment, if any. Cost includes cost of purchase inclusive of freight, duties and other incidental expenses and all expenditure like site preparation,

installation costs and professional fees incurred on the asset before it is ready to put to use. Subsequent expenditure incurred on assets put to use is

capitalised only when it increases the future benefit / functioning capability from / of such assets. Gain or loss arising from the retirement or disposal of

a Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible asset are determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of

assets and recognised as income or expense in the profit and loss account. Profit on sale of premises of the Bank, net of taxes and transfer to statutory

reserve is appropriated to capital reserve as per the RBI guidelines.

DEPRECIATION / AMORTISATION

Depreciation / amortisation is provided on a pro-rata basis on a straight line method over the estimated useful life of the assets at rates which are equal

to or higher than the rates prescribed under Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013 in order to reflect the actual usage of the assets. The estimated

useful lives of assets based on technical evaluation by management are as follows:

Asset Type

Useful life in years

Premises

58

Leasehold land

Improvement to leasehold premises

Over the lease period

Over the period of lease subject to a maximum of 6 years

Office equipments (High capacity chillers, Transformers, UPS, DG set, Fire Suppression,

HVAC, PAC & Elevators)

10

Office equipments (other than above)

5

Computers

3

Furniture and Fixtures

6

Motor Vehicles

4

ATMs

5

Software (including development) expenditure

3

Goodwill (Other than on consolidation)

5

Membership Card of the Bombay Stock Exchange Limited

Asset Management Rights

20

5

Used assets purchased are depreciated over the residual useful life from the date of purchase.

Assets costing less than ` 5,000 are fully depreciated in the year of purchase.

E.

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

i.

Defined Benefit Plans:

Gratuity:

The Group provides for gratuity covering employees in accordance with the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972, service regulations and service awards

as the case may be. The Group’s liability is actuarially determined using projected unit credit method at the balance sheet date. The Bank and seven

of its subsidiaries make contributions to a gratuity fund administered by trustees and managed by Life Insurance companies. In other subsidiaries

gratuity obligation is wholly unfunded. The contribution made to the trusts is recognised as planned assets.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO - KMBL

Mr. Dipak Gupta - Joint: Managing

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Murad D. Daruwalla

Dipak Gupta

Uday Khanna

Partner

Joint: Managing

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Dipak Gupta

Uday Khanna

Joint: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Dipak Gupta, Joint: Managing Director, Mr. K.V.S. Manian and Mr. Gaurang Shah, both

Whole-time Directors. Hence, the Board is in conformity with the aforementioned provisions with respect to its composition and the size of the Board is

commensurate with the size and business of the Bank. The Board mix provides a combination of professionalism, knowledge and experience required in the

banking industry.

Change in composition of the Board during the year

At the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bank held on 13th May, 2020, the Board approved the re-appointments of Mr. Uday Kotak as the

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Dipak Gupta as Joint Managing Director and Mr. Prakash Apte as Part-time

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

ii.

Mr. Dipak Gupta, Joint: Managing

letter bearing Ref No. DOS.ARG.No. PS-91/08.46.005/2021-2022 dated 9th July, 2021 granted its approval for the aforementioned

re-appointment / appointment of the Statutory Auditors for FY 2021-22.

Further, in terms of the authority granted by the Board to the Audit Committee at its meeting held on 26th July, 2021, the Audit Committee approved of

the payment of an overall audit fee of ` 2,90,00,000 lakh for FY 2021-22, to be allocated by the Bank between M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP and

M/s. Price Waterhouse LLP, depending upon their respective scope of work and additionally out of pocket expenses, outlays and taxes.

The approval of the Members is being sought at the ensuing AGM for the aforementioned re-appointment / appointment of the Joint Statutory Auditors of

the Bank along with the proposed annual fee, as set out in the Notice of the ensuing AGM of the Bank.

As required under Regulation 33(1)(d) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the

Joint Auditors have confirmed that they have subjected themselves to the peer review process of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) and

that they hold a valid certificate issued by the Peer Review Board of ICAI.

There are no qualifications, reservations, adverse remarks or disclaimers made by Messrs. Walker Chandiok & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, in the Statutory

Auditors Report.

Payment of additional fees /remuneration to the existing Statutory Auditors for financial year 2020-21:

At the AGM of the Bank held on 22nd July, 2019, the Members approved the appointment of M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP, Chartered Accountants

(Firm Registration Number. 001076N/N500013) as the Statutory Auditors of the Bank for a period for two years and for the payment of an annual

remuneration / fees to them for an amount of ` 1,90,00,000 plus outlays and taxes at the applicable rates for the purpose of audit of the Bank’s accounts.

Based on the approval and recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board at its meeting held on 29th June, 2021, approved of the payment of

additional remuneration, subject to the approval of the Members of the Bank and such other consents/permissions/ sanctions as may be required from any

Regulatory / Statutory authority, if any. The approval of the Members is being sought at the ensuing AGM for payment of additional fees/remuneration of

` 24,00,000 plus outlays and taxes at the applicable rates to M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP, Chartered Accountants, for additional certification requirements

and general increase in efforts for FY 2020-21.

INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS

The Board of Directors confirm that your Bank has laid down set of standards, processes and structure which enables it to implement internal financial controls

across the organisation with reference to financial statements and that such controls are adequate and are operating effectively. Controls are reviewed /

revisited / updated / deleted each year for change in processes / organisational changes/product changes, etc. Given the COVID-19 pandemic, all additional

controls that were implemented due to lockdowns and consequential Work From Home requirements were also considered and incorporated. Testing is done

for each of the controls with the help of an independent firm of Chartered Accountants, on behalf of Management, who confirm to the Audit Committee

of the Bank, the existence and operating effectiveness of controls over financial reporting. During the year under review, no material or serious observations

were observed for inefficiency or inadequacy of such controls.

IMPLEMENTATION OF IND AS

The Ministry of Finance, Government of India, has vide its press release dated 18th January, 2016 outlined the roadmap for implementation of International

Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) converged Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) for Scheduled Commercial Bank (excluding RRBs), Non-Banking

Financial Companies and Insurance companies. The Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) had advised Banks vide circular no. RBI/2015- 16/315DBR.BP.BC.

No.76/21.07.001/2015-16 dated 11th February, 2016 to follow Ind AS from 1st April, 2018 as notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)

Rules, 2015 subject to any guideline/direction issued in this regard. Subsequently, RBI through its first monetary policy statement for FY 2018-19 on

5th April, 2018, deferred Ind AS implementation for the Scheduled Commercial Bank (“SCB”) (excluding RRBs) by one year i.e. the implementation of Ind AS to

begin from 1st April, 2019 onwards. Further, RBI vide circular no. DBR.BP.BC.No.29/21.07.001/2018-19 dated 22nd March, 2019, deferred the implementation

of Ind AS for SCBs till further notice. The RBI has not issued any further notification on implementation of Ind AS for SCBs.

As per RBI directions, your Bank has taken the following steps so far:

i.

Submitted Standalone Proforma Ind AS Financial Statements to RBI on a quarterly basis effective FY 2018-19, as required.

ii.

Formed Steering Committee for Ind AS implementation. The Steering Committee comprises representatives from Finance, Risk, Operations and Treasury.

The Committee oversees the progress of Ind AS implementation in the Bank and provides guidance on critical aspects of the implementation such as

Ind AS technical requirements, systems and processes, business impact, people and project management. The Committee closely reviews progress of

Ind AS implementation.

iii.

The Bank has identified gaps in IT Systems and the changes required to automate Ind AS. The Bank is in the process of taking necessary steps for

Ind AS implementation. The Bank will continue to liaise with RBI and industry bodies on various aspects pertaining to Ind AS implementation.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

During the year, except as mentioned below, the Bank has not entered into any materially significant transactions with its Promoters, Directors, Management,

Subsidiaries or relatives of the Directors/Management, which could lead to a potential conflict of interest between the Bank and these parties, other than

transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business. All the Related Party Transactions that were entered into during the financial year were on an

arm’s length basis and were in ordinary course of business. Hence, pursuant to Section 134(3)(h) read with Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014,

there are no Related Party Transactions to be reported under Section 188(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and hence, Form AOC-2 is not applicable to the Bank.

The Members of the Bank have granted their consent by way of Postal Ballot for entering into / carrying out / and / or continuing with material related party

transactions with Infina Finance Private Limited (Mr. Suresh Kotak, father of Mr. Uday Kotak,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

31.53x

Mr. Dipak Gupta

Joint: Managing Director

79.90x

Mr. K.V.S. Manian

Whole-time Director

82.79x

Mr. Gaurang Shah

Whole-time Director

82.63x

2.

Percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company Secretary or

Manager, if any, in the financial year:

Directors/Key Managerial Personnel

Title

% increase in

remuneration

% increase in

remuneration

excluding Stock

Appreciation

Rights (“SARs”)

Mr. Prakash Apte

Non-Executive Part-time

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Chairman – Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Place : Mumbai

Place : Pune

Date : 26th July 2021

Date : 26th July 2021

(g)

Excess amount for set off, if any

Sl.

No.

Particular

Amount

(in crore)

(i)

Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5) of the Act

142.27

(ii)

Total amount spent for the Financial Year

142.99 **

(iii)

Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]

0.72

(iv)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years, if any

Not Applicable

(v)

Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)]

0.72

**Includes unspent amount transferred to unspent CSR account and administrative overheads

9.

(a)

Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years: Not Applicable

Sl.

No.

Preceding Financial

Year

Amount

transferred to

Unspent CSR

Account under

section 135 (6)

(in `)

Amount

spent in the

reporting

Financial Year

(in `)

Amount transferred to any fund specified under

Schedule VII as per section 135(6), if any

Amount

remaining to

be spent in

succeeding

financial years

(in `)

Name of the

Fund

Amount

(in `)

Date of

transfer

1.

2.

3.

TOTAL

(b)

Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year(s): Not Applicable

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Sl.

No.

Project ID

Name of

the Project

Financial

Year in which

the project was

commenced

Project

duration

Total amount

allocated

for the

project

(in `)

Amount

spent on the

project in

the reporting

Financial

Year

(in `)

Cumulative

amount spent

at the end of

reporting

Financial

Year (in `)

Status of the

project -

Completed /

Ongoing

1.

2.

3.

TOTAL

10.

In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired through CSR spent in the financial year

(asset-wise details).

(a)

Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset(s).

CSR Focus Area

Partner NGO/Direct

Implementation

Amount

of CSR

spent for

creation or

acquisition

of asset

(₹ in crore)

Date of

creation of

assets

Details

of

assets

Project

Location and

complete

address

Address of Implementing

Agency

Ownership of

Asset

Sports

Pullela Gopichand

Badminton

Foundation

10.00

FY 2020-21

Capital

Asset

Hyderabad,

Telangana

Plot No. 15,

“Bharani Enclave”,

Road No. 78, Jubilee Hills,

Hyderabad 500 033

Implementing

Agency

Education &

Livelihood

Society of Parents of

Children with Autistic

Disorders (SOPAN)

1.80

FY 2020-21

Capital

Asset

Panvel,

Maharashtra

BMC School Building,

Road No. 5, Natwar Nagar,

Jogeshwari (East),

Mumbai - 400060

Implementing

Agency

Education &

Livelihood

Disha Foundation

2.80

FY 2020-21

Capital

Asset

Jaipur,

Rajasthan

Disha- Pandit

T N Mishra Marg,

Nirman Nagar C,

Jaipur 302019

Implementing

Agency

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

FORM No. MR-3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2021

(Pursuant to Section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014)

To,

The Members,

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices by Kotak Mahindra

Bank Limited (hereinafter called the “Bank”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate

conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Bank’s books, papers,minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Bank, to the extent the

information provided by the Bank, its officers, agents and authorised representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, the explanations and clarifications

given to us and the representations made by the Management, and considering the relaxations granted by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the Securities

and Exchange Board of India warranted due to the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Bank has, during the audit

period covering the financial year ended on 31st March, 2021, complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Bank has proper Board

processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records made available to us and maintained by the Bank for the

financial year ended on 31st March, 2021 according to the provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the rules made thereunder;

(ii)

The Securities Contract (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA”) and the rules made thereunder;

(iii)

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;

(iv)

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct

Investment and External Commercial Borrowings, as applicable;

(v)

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (“SEBI Act”), to the extent applicable

and as amended from time to time:

a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;

d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employees Benefits) Regulations, 2014;

e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008;

f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act

and dealing with client; (Not applicable to the Bank during the audit period)

g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; (Not applicable to the Bank during the audit period)

h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not applicable to the Bank during the audit period)

i)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992;

j)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Bankers to an Issue) Regulations, 1994;

k)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Portfolio Managers) Regulations, 1993;

l)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018;

m)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Investment Advisors) Regulations 2013;

n)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Custodian) Regulations, 1996;

o)

The Securities and Exchange Board of lndia (Intermediaries) Regulations, 2008;

p)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Certification of Associated Persons in the Securities Market) Regulations, 2007;

q)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India {KYC (Know Your Client) Registration Agency} Regulations, 2011;

r)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019;

s)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to Securities Market) Regulations, 2003; and

t)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India-guidelines for Anti-Money Laundering Measures.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Bank. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial

records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process aswere appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the

secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the process

and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Bank.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events

etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. Our

examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Bank nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the Bank.

For Parikh & Associates

Company Secretaries

Jigyasa N. Ved

Partner

Place : Mumbai

FCS No: 6488 CP No: 6018

Date : 29th June, 2021

UDIN : F006488C000533971

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial

records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the

secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the process

and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events,

etc.

5.

The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. Our

examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Parikh & Associates

Company Secretaries

Sarvari Shah

Partner

Place : Mumbai

FCS No: 9697 CP No: 11717

Date : 27th April, 2021

UDIN : F009697C000193861

We further report that:

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors.

There have been no change in the composition of the Board of Directors during the period under review.

Adequate notice was given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings. Agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance

for meetings other than those held at shorter notice, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items

before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

Decisions at the Board Meetings were taken unanimously.

We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the Company to monitor

and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

We further report that during the audit period no event occurred which had bearing on the Company’s affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules,

regulations, standards, guidelines, etc.

For Parikh & Associates

Company Secretaries

Sarvari Shah

Partner

Place : Mumbai

FCS No: 9697 CP No: 11717

Date : 27th April, 2021

UDIN : F009697C000193861

This Report is to be read with our: letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of this report.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Letter of Credit and Bank Guarantees) for last five years is as follows:

Wholesale Banking Advances (` crore)

Mar - 17

34,553

60,688

Mar - 18

39,166

71,605

Mar - 19

42,542

82,015

Mar - 20

40,531

86,222

Mar - 21

38,552

80,337

Funded

Non Funded

After a number of quarters of muted growth, the Bank has stabilised its lending to Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) and new customer acquisitions in

this segment showed a significant ramp up in the second half of the year. This was achieved through a focused acquisition strategy and initiatives taken to

reduce response times in credit underwriting. The Government’s Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS), under which disbursals were guaranteed

by the Government, was also well received by the segment. Disbursals under this Scheme remained strong and has helped the Bank increase its exposures

while making good use of the credit backstop provided by the Government guarantee.

The Financial Sector including the NBFC segment has been seen gaining from the policies of the Government and the Reserve Bank of India that were aimed

towards keeping interest rates low and liquidity high. In response to this trend, the Bank has, in a calibrated manner, increased its exposures to the better

rated Banking and NBFC customers and loans to this segment witnessed a strong growth this year.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter to the holding company directing the group to stop providing services such as loan against shares and IPO financing

through its NBFC subsidiaries, this business is on the decline. In line with the regulatory guidance, KMIL continue to service the loans that are already disbursed.

As expected, this part of the book continues to decline.

Corporate Lending: KMIL is focusing on increasing the non-LAS part of its Corporate Lending book. M&A, PE exits / acquisitions and promoters’ needing

liquidity to expand offers it significant opportunity to grow this part of the book.

Financial Highlights

(` in crore)

Particulars

FY 2020-21

FY 2019-20

Net Interest Income

354.5

361.7

Other Income

74.0

91.9

Total Income

428.5

453.6

PBT

345.8

368.5

PAT

257.8

270.1

(` In crore)

Particulars

31st March, 2021

31st March, 2020

Net Customer Assets

6,795.4

5,874.6

Net NPA %

0.57%

0.67%

RoAA %

3.5%

2.9%

Customer assets increased to ` 6,795.4 crore as on 31st March, 2021 as compared to ` 5,874.6 crore as on 31st March, 2020. However, average earning customer

assets decreased from ` 7,889.6 crore in FY 2019-20 to ` 5,747.9 crore in FY 2020-21, causing a drop of 4.8% in PAT to ` 257.8 crore for FY 2020-21 from

` 270.1 crore in FY 2019-20. NIM for FY 2020-21 was 5.6% compared to 4.3% for FY 2019-20.

KMIL held COVID-19 related general provision of ` 27 crore as on 31st March, 2021. Gross NPA at ` 62.0 crore (0.92% of customer assets) while net NPA was

` 38.3 crore (0.57% of customer assets) as on 31st March, 2021. The capital adequacy ratio as on 31st March, 2021 is 33.2% (29.4% as of 31st March, 2020).

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter and spirit. This also helps

exchange of views on best practices and to understand compliance risk across the Group. Guidance or directions are extended to the subsidiary companies

Compliance Officers, keeping in the mind the overall responsibility of the Bank as the Holding Company. The Compliance Function is responsible for all

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO. The Audit Committee of the Board also reviews the performance of the Audit & Compliance functions and reviews

the effectiveness of controls & compliance with regulatory guidelines.

Human Resources

As on 31st March, 2021, the employee strength of Group was over 73,000 as compared to over 71,000 Kotakites a year ago. The standalone Bank had

over 51,700 employees as on 31st March, 2021.

In the FY 2020-21, there was increased focus on employee wellness, work life balance, engagement and development. With its undeterred efforts

and exceptional employee initiatives, the Bank is now certified as a ‘Great Place to Work’ by the GPTW institute. Key areas where several employee

initiatives were introduced and re-engineered are as follows:

A.

Employee Health & Wellness:

Bank has championed Health and Wellness drives with the initiative, #HumFitKotakHit. It has addressed a holistic welfare of Kotakites, including

Physical, Social, Financial and Emotional welfare.

•

Bank has launched a monthly Fitness allowance with effect from December 1, 2020, thereby creating a culture of fitness for Kotak employees

by encouraging them to update their fitness goals online, driving focus on their health and well-being.

•

Doctors, counsellors, psychiatrists, nutritionists are available online for all Kotakites. Online yoga, Zumba, meditation and mindfulness were

conducted to help Kotakites combat physical and mental stress.

•

Introduced ‘Special Leave COVID-19 Positive’ of upto 15 days which is over and above the leave balance.

•

All Kotakites are covered under Term life + Personal accident policy and also Mediclaim policy. The employee’s share of the Mediclaim

insurance premium is waived off.

•

By way of Virtual Connect, Bank reached out to Kotakites in Branch banking through Employee Outreach Programme, to check on them

and their families during the lockdown phase and whether they needed any assistance of any kind.

•

Bank is also reimbursing Covid tests expenses for Kotakites and their families.

•

828 Guidelines was introduced ensuring that no work related emails or messages are sent to Kotakites between 8 pm and 8 am.

•

Remote working policy has been introduced offering hybrid working opportunities to Kotakites with Remote Working allowance to

cover wi-fi and other work related furnishing expenses.

•

Emotional Assistance Programme was launched to support and guide Kotakites emotionally.

B.

Diversity and Inclusion:

•

Bank has created an opportunity for multi-generations with current average age of 32 years, creating an opportunity for younger talent

across grades. Around 65% of Kotakites are in their 40s at senior levels, thereby creating a balance at all levels.

•

Bank also revamped the D&I agenda and formed the D&I Council representing leaders from all businesses in the Bank lead by Shanti

Ekambaram, Group President-Consumer Bank. The D&I Council aims to drive changes in the culture, policies, processes and systems to build

an Inclusion focused work environment.

•

“Kotak Mahindra Bank” is one of the best amongst the competition on Gender Diversity in the Banking sector with current gender diversity

close to 1/4th of its employee population.

•

Regional R&R events were organised where Kotak Wonder Women (KWW) were felicitated under 4 different categories.

•

The Bank has designed a Kotak Wonder Women coaching intervention which is a journey spread over 6-8 months for senior women

leaders across Kotak group.

•

To promote diversity, Bank has introduced special Talent Acquisition initiatives such as, exclusive women recruitment drives with

preference of women candidates, including replacement of positions with women candidates and hiring women for remote working roles.

•

The Bank launched a Digital Learning platform exclusively for Kotak Wonder Women in collaboration with Everywoman – a UK based

Gender Diversity organisation with specially curated content based on 9 themes focusing on challenges faced by women in corporate life.

•

Employee Assistance Programme was introduced for all KWW.

•

Eve talk was launched to discuss topics such as managing work life balance, transition from a manager to a leader, handle a bad day at

work, discuss challenges and offer solutions.

C.

Employee Engagement Initiatives:

•

On 21st November, 2020 the Bank celebrated 35 years of Kotak Foundation Day virtually, with more than 25,000 Kotakites participating

online along with their families. During the event, bank launched the annual Kotak Infinity awards, had a talent contest - Kona Kona

Kalakaar besides live quiz by host Siddharth Kannan, live music by singer Palash Sen and live address by the MD & CEO, Uday Kotak.

•

It is said, that to form any new habit it takes 21 days and so inspired from that belief the Kotak 21 Day challenge was introduced to

encourage managers to initiate fun activities within their teams ahead of the 35th Kotak Foundation Day.

•

Bank has also strengthened the platform for top down communication. At the same time created listening opportunity for voice of Kotakites

through ‘My Kotak My Say’ a bi-annual employee engagement survey engaging the ‘Great Place to Work Institute’. Other channels of

listening have been strengthened such as Meet Forums and Town Halls.

•

Bank has also introduced Kotak Young Leader Committee (KYLC) where young managers are selected and given an opportunity to work

as independent entrepreneurs on various projects and shadow the Kotak Leadership Team (KLT) and Group Management Council (GMC).

•

Bank launched Channel-K, a fortnightly digital channel for and by Kotakites with an objective to communicate important news and events,

entertain and showcase the infinite talent at Kotak.

•

Besides, Kotakites at regional levels celebrated festivals and other occasions ensuring Covid Safety Protocols.

D.

Employee Development:

•

The crisis period of COVID-19 expedited the Bank’s move and investments towards adopting new practices, and moving to a Digital video-

based approach. Digital Video based Induction is a major transition for onboarding the new joiners in their first week of joining to make

them role-ready and ensure a seamless experience post joining.

•

Following the pandemic, a flagship certification program was launched for all people managers called K-MAP for effective team management,

team development and culture building. Around 80% managers got covered in FY 20-21.

•

The New Age manager programme was successfully introduced in the months following the lock down which addressed the challenges

of dealing with virtual team management, virtual stake holder management and growth mindset.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Dipak Gupta, Joint: Managing

Managing Director of Syngenta India Limited (“SIL”), an agricultural business company

in India and a subsidiary of Syngenta Group, one of the largest research based agribusiness across the world, from November 2000 to April 2011. Since

May 2011, Mr. Apte has been the Non-Executive Chairman of SIL. He was instrumental in setting up the Syngenta Foundation India which focuses on providing

knowledge and support for adopting scientific growing systems to resource poor farmers and enabling their access to market. In a career spanning over

40 years, he has extensive experience in various areas of management, business leadership and agriculture sector. In the more than 16 years of successful

leadership experience in agriculture business, he has gained diverse knowledge in various aspects of businesses and has been involved with many initiatives

for technology, knowledge and skills upgradation in this sector, which is vital for India’s food security. He was on the Boards of Syngenta Foundation India

and Indo-Swiss Centre of Excellence upto 15th July, 2021 and 8th June, 2021, respectively.

Mr. Apte was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Bank, with effect from 18th March, 2011. He was appointed as the Part-time Chairman of

the Bank, with effect from 20th July, 2018 and, thereafter, re-appointed for a period up to 31st December, 2023. Mr. Apte is also the Chairman of the

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, Risk Management Committee and Group Risk Management Committee and Member of the Audit Committee,

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Special Committee of the Board for follow-up of frauds and Review Committee for classification and declaration

of borrowers as willful defaulters of the Bank.

Mr. Apte is also on the Board of the following companies:

Syngenta India Limited (Non-Executive Director)

Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance Company Limited (Independent Director)

Fine Organic Industries Limited (Independent Director)

He is the Chairman of the Audit Committees of Syngenta India Limited and Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance Company Limited and a Member of the

Audit Committee of Fine Organic Industries Limited. He is also a Member of the Stakeholders Relationship Committees of Syngenta India Limited and Fine

Organic Industries Limited.

Ms. Farida Khambata, Independent Director

(DIN: 06954123)

Ms. Farida Khambata, aged 71 years, is Master of Arts in Economics from the University of Cambridge, a Master of Science in Business Management from the

London Business School and a Chartered Financial Analyst and has attended the Advanced Management Program at Wharton. She was earlier with International

Finance Corporation (“IFC”) and was a Member of IFC’s Management Group, the senior leadership team of IFC. In her last position at IFC, she served as

Regional Vice President in charge of all operations in East Asia and the Pacific, South Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean and the Global Manufacturing

Cluster. Ms. Khambata joined IFC in 1986 from the World Bank where she managed pension fund assets. She is a Member on the Advisory Board of

ADM CEECAT Fund.

Ms. Khambata is a Director of the Bank from 7th September, 2014 and is the Chairperson of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Stakeholders

Relationship Committee of the Bank.

Ms. Khambata is also on the Board of the following companies:

Dragon Capital Group Limited

(Director)

Cartica Acquisition Corp

(Director) (w.e.f. 29th April, 2021)

Mr. Uday Chander Khanna, Independent Director

(DIN : 00079129)

Mr. Uday Chander Khanna, aged 71 years, is a Chartered Accountant by qualification. Mr. Khanna was the Financial Controller and Treasurer of

Hindustan Unilever and was, thereafter, on the Board of Hindustan Unilever as Director - Exports. He has also worked as Vice Chairman of Lever Brothers in

Nigeria and General Auditor for Unilever - North America, based in the USA and was the Senior Vice President - Finance, Unilever - Asia, based in Singapore.

Thereafter, Mr. Khanna joined the Lafarge Group in Paris in June 2003 as Senior Vice President for Group Strategy, after an extensive experience of almost 30

years with Hindustan Lever/Unilever in a variety of financial, commercial and general management roles both nationally and internationally. Mr. Khanna was also

the: Managing Director & CEO of Lafarge India from July 2005 to July 2011 and the Non-Executive

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 00007467)

Mr. Uday Kotak, aged 62 years, holds a Bachelor’s degree in Commerce and a MMS degree from Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies, Mumbai

and was appointed as a Director on 21st November, 1985. He is the: Managing Director & CEO of the Bank and also its promoter. Under Mr. Kotak’s leadership,

over the past 35 years, the Kotak Group established a prominent presence in major areas of financial services including banking, stock broking, investment

banking, car finance, life and general insurance and asset management. He is a Member of the International Advisory Board of GIC Private Limited, Singapore

and International Advisory Panel of Monetary Authority of Singapore, Investment Advisory Committee of the Army Group Insurance Fund and was the

President of the Confederation of Indian Industry till 31st May, 2021.He is also a Governing Member of the Mahindra United World College of India, Member

of the Board of Governors of Indian Council for Research on International Economic Relations and The Anglo Scottish Education Society (The Cathedral &

John Connon School). Mr. Kotak was recipient of the ‘Ernst & Young World Entrepreneur of the Year Award’ in 2014, ‘Economic Times Business Leader of

the Year Award’ in 2015, ‘Businessman of the Year 2016’ by Business India, ‘Lifetime Achievement Award’ at Financial Express’ Best Banks’ Awards 2016,

‘USIBC Global Leadership Award’ at the 2018 India Ideas Summit organised by the U.S.-India Business Council, ‘Life Time Achievement Award’ at

Magna Awards 2019 by Businessworld, ‘Best CEO in Banking Sector’ by the Business Today Best CEO Awards 2019 and ‘India Business Leader of the Year’ by

CNBC-TV18 at the India Business Leader Awards 2021, amongst many others.

Mr. Kotak is the

Managing Director & CEO,

Promoter

Banking, Finance &

Management

6

2

1

1

Mr. Dipak Gupta

Joint: Managing Director

Finance, IT &

Management

4

1

-

3

Mr. K.V.S. Manian

Whole-time Director

Banking & Finance

4

-

-

1

Mr. Gaurang Shah

Whole-time Director

Banking, Finance &

Insurance

4

-

-

1

Notes:

1.

Prof. S. Mahendra Dev (DIN: 06519869) ceased to be a Director of the Bank, with effect from 14th March, 2021, consequent upon the completion of eight years on the Board

of the Bank, in accordance with the provisions of Section 10A (2A)(i) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

2.

Dr. Ashok Gulati (DIN: 07062601) was appointed as an Additional Director of the Bank and an Independent Director, for a term of five years, with effect from 6th March, 2021,

subject to the approval of the Members of the Bank.

3.

The Committee Memberships mentioned above are only for the statutory committees as per Regulation 26 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, namely Audit Committee and

Stakeholders Relationship Committee.

4.

Pursuant to the SEBI Listing Regulations, none of the Directors on the Board hold directorships in more than ten public companies and serve as Directors or as Independent

Directors in more than seven listed entities. Further, the Executive Directors of the Bank do not serve as Independent Directors in any Company.

5.

Pursuant to SEBI Listing Regulations, none of the Directors on the Board of the Bank are members of more than ten committees and Chairperson of more than five committees

across all public companies in which he/she is a Director. For the purpose of the determining the limit, membership and chairpersonship of Audit Committee and Stakeholders

Relationship Committee have been taken into consideration. All the Directors have made disclosures regarding their membership on various Committees in other companies.

6.

In compliance with Regulation 24(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, Mr. Prakash Apte, an Independent Director on the Board of the Bank, is also on the Board of Kotak Mahindra

Life Insurance Company Limited, an unlisted material Indian subsidiary of the Bank, as an Independent Director.

7.

None of the Directors are related to each other.

BOARD MEETINGS

Scheduling and selection of agenda items for Board meetings

The Board meetings are convened by giving appropriate notice after obtaining the approval of the

Managing Director & CEO of the Bank and Mr. Dipak Gupta as the Joint: Managing Director of the Bank for a period from 1st January, 2021 to 31st December, 2023.

The Bank paid sitting fees to the Independent Directors and the Non- Executive Director for attending meetings of the Board and its Committees. Pursuant

to RBI guidelines dated 1st June, 2015 on Compensation to Non-Executive Directors of Private Sector Banks and pursuant to the relevant resolution in this

regard passed by the Members, Non-Executive Directors, including the Independent Directors, other than the Part-time

Managing Director & CEO, the Joint: Managing Director, the Group President & Group Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary, the Statutory

Auditors and the Head-Internal Audit. Further, meetings of the Audit Committee for considering Financials for the quarter and year end, are attended by the

other Directors as Invitees.

Mr. Khanna,

Managing Director & CEO to this effect is given at the end of this Report.

Familiarisation programme for Independent Directors:

The Bank believes in familiarizing the Independent Directors with the nature of the industry in which the Bank operates, business model and other important

matters relating to the Bank’s business through induction programmes at the time of their appointment.

Further, the Directors of the Bank attended the following programs:

• Program on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, session handled by a team from Amazon.

• Program for Non-Executive Directors on the Boards of Banks and Financial Institutions organised by the Centre for Advanced Financial Research and Learning.

• Cyber Security Awareness session by KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP.

The complete details of the familiarization programs conducted for the Directors of the Bank are available on the Bank’s website

viz. URL: https://www.kotak.com/en/investor-relations/governance/familiarisation-programme.html

Induction programme for new Directors:

Presentations are made to a new Director on various matters such as Organization Structure, Businesses of the Bank namely Consumer Finance, Corporate

Finance, Human Resources, Compliance, Risk Management, Treasury, Information Technology and Cyber Security, etc of the Bank as also the subsidiary

companies.

FEES PAID TO THE STATUTORY AUDITORS

The Statement of Profit and Loss Account of the Bank and its subsidiaries include the following fees paid / payable to their respective Statutory Auditors of

the Bank and its subsidiaries:

(` in crore)

Entity Name

Auditor’s Name

Statutory /

Audit Fees

Other

Matters

Total

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited*

M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

2.14

0.34

2.48

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited (Overseas Branch and

Representative Office)

M/s. Grant Thornton UAE

0.12

0.02

0.14

Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited

M/s. Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

0.18

-

0.18

Kotak Investment Advisors Limited

M/s. Price Waterhouse LLP

0.26

-

0.26

Kotak Mahindra, Inc.

M/s. Citrin Cooperman & Company, LLP

0.23

-

0.23

Kotak Mahindra (International) Limited

M/s. Ernst & Young Mauritius

0.22

-

0.22

Kotak Securities Limited

M/s. Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

1.10

-

1.10

Kotak Mahindra Prime Limited

M/s. Price Waterhouse, Chartered

Accountants LLP

0.85

0.79

1.64

Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company Limited

M/s. Price Waterhouse, Chartered

Accountants LLP

0.23

-

0.23

Kotak Mahindra Trustee Company Limited

M/s. V. C. Shah & Co

0.03

-

0.03

Kotak Mahindra Investments Limited

M/s. Price Waterhouse Chartered

Accountants LLP

0.45

0.03

0.48

Kotak Mahindra Pension Fund Limited

M/s. Gokhale & Sathe

0.02

-

0.02

Kotak Infrastructure Debt Fund Limited

M/s. S. R. Batliboi & Associates LLP

0.08

0.01

0.09

Kotak Mahindra Trusteeship Services Limited

M/s. Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

0.04

-

0.04

Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance Company Limited

M/s. S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP

Haribhakti & Co. LLP

0.80

0.13

0.93

Kotak Mahindra (UK) Limited

M/s. Ernst and Young LLP

0.94

0.01

0.95

Kotak Mahindra Financial Services Limited

M/s. Ernst & Young Middle East

0.07

0.01

0.08

Kotak Mahindra General Insurance Company Limited

M/s. V.C.Shah & Co.

MSKA & Associates

0.31

0.03

0.34

IVY Product Intermediaries Limited

M/s. V. C. Shah & Co

0.01

-

0.01

Kotak Mahindra Asset Management (Singapore) PTE.

Limited

M/s. Ernst & Young LLP

0.34

-

0.34

BSS Microfinance Limited

M/s. Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

0.12

0.01

0.13

Total

8.54

1.38

9.92

* Excludes fees paid for audit of overseas branch which is done by non-network firm. Audit fee of ` 0.24 crore is subject to the approval of the Members, at

the AGM. Audit fee does not include ` 0.72 crore paid towards QIP issuance, which has been adjusted against Securities Premium Account.

The Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss Account includes fees paid to Statutory Auditors of the Bank and their network firms, as under:

` in crore

Entity

Name of the Firm

Total Fees

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

2.48

Total

2.48

An additional Audit fee of ` 0.24 crore is subject to the approval of the Members, at the AGM. Audit fees does not include ` 0.72 crore paid towards QIP

issuance, which has been adjusted against Securities Premium Account.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO, Promoter and a Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank is a Director on the

Board of Infina Finance Private Limited (“Infina”). Accordingly, Mr. Uday Kotak and his relatives may be deemed to be concerned or interested in

the Resolution contained at Item No. 1

Category

Mode of Voting

No. of

shares

held (1)

No. of

votes

polled (2)

% of Votes

Polled on

outstanding

shares (3)=

[(2)/(1)]* 100

No. of

Votes –

in favour

(4)

No. of

Votes –

against

(5)

% of Votes

in favour on

votes

polled (6)=[(4)/

(2)]*100

% of Votes

against on

votes

polled (7)=[(5)/

(2)]*100

Promoter and

Promoter Group

E-Voting

515,593,264

1,052,868

0.2042

1,052,868

0

100.0000

0.0000

Poll

0

0.0000

0

0

0.0000

0.0000

Postal Ballot

(if applicable)

0

0.0000

0

0

0.0000

0.0000

Total

1,052,868

0.2042

1,052,868

0

100.0000

0.0000

Public- Institutions

E-Voting

1,142,403,975

1,076,370,151

94.2197

1,076,370,151

0

100.0000

0.0000

Poll

0

0.0000

0

0

0.0000

0.0000

Postal Ballot

(if applicable)

0

0.0000

0

0

0.0000

0.0000

Total

1,076,370,151

94.2197

1,076,370,151

0

100.0000

0.0000

Public- Non Institutions E-Voting

322,992,097

142,670,294

Less : IEPF shares

not considered

for voting

3,264,006

0

Votes Considered

319,728,091

142,670,294

44.6224

142,661,263

9031

99.9937

0.0063

Poll

0

0.0000

0

0

0.0000

0.0000

Postal Ballot (if

applicable)

0

0.0000

0

0

0.0000

0.0000

Total

142,670,294

44.6224

142,661,263

9,031

99.9937

0.0063

Total

1,977,725,330

1,220,093,313

61.6917

1,220,084,282

9,031

99.9993

0.0007

Resolution No.

2

Resolution required:

(Ordinary/ Special)

ORDINARY - Approval for Material Related Party Transactions with Mr. Uday Suresh Kotak.

Whether promoter/

promoter group are

interested in the

agenda /resolution

Mr. Uday Kotak is the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO and the Joint: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Prakash Apte, a Non-Executive Independent Director, is the Part-time Chairman and Mr. Uday Kotak is the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Place : Pune

Place : Mumbai

Date : 26th July, 2021

Date : 26th July, 2021

DECLARATION

In accordance with Schedule V (D) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, I hereby

confirm that, all the Directors and the Senior Management Personnel of the Bank have affirmed compliance to the Code of Conduct for the financial year

ended 31st March, 2021.

For Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

Uday Kotak: Managing

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Murad D. Daruwalla

Dipak Gupta

Uday Khanna

Partner

Joint: Managing Director

Director

Membership No. 043334

Jaimin Bhatt

Avan Doomasia

Mumbai

3rd May, 2021

Group President and

Group Chief Financial Officer

Senior Executive Vice President and

Company Secretary

Profit and Loss Account

for the year ended 31st March, 2021

(` in thousands)

Schedule

Year ended

31st March, 2021

Year ended

31st March, 2020

I.

INCOME

Interest Earned

13

268,402,677

269,296,142

Other Income

14

54,591,891

53,721,077

Total

322,994,568

323,017,219

II.

EXPENDITURE

Interest Expended

15

115,006,207

134,299,488

Operating Expenses

16

85,841,380

88,509,360

Provisions and Contingencies (Refer Note 11 - Schedule 18 B)

52,498,615

40,736,553

Total

253,346,202

263,545,401

III.

PROFIT

Net Profit for the year (I - II)

69,648,366

59,471,818

Add: Balance in Profit and Loss Account brought forward from previous year

205,118,088

169,192,870

Total

274,766,454

228,664,688

IV.

APPROPRIATIONS

Transfer to Statutory Reserve

17,412,100

14,868,000

Transfer to Capital Reserve

145,000

1,148,400

Transfer to Special Reserve u/s 36(1)(viii) of Income Tax Act, 1961

1,100,000

800,000

Transfer to Investment Reserve Account (Refer Note 34 - Schedule 18 A)

-

(310,622)

Transfer to Investment Fluctuation Reserve Account

8,206,596

4,831,336

Transfer to Fraud Provision

-

(13,971)

Dividend

405,000

1,932,583

Corporate Dividend Tax

-

290,874

Balance carried over to Balance Sheet

247,497,758

205,118,088

Total

274,766,454

228,664,688

V.

EARNINGS PER SHARE (Face Value of ` 5/-)

Basic

35.17

30.88

Diluted

35.14

30.84

(Refer Note 1 - Schedule 18 B)

Significant accounting policies and notes to accounts forming part of financial statements

17 & 18

The schedules referred to above form an integral part of this Profit and Loss Account.

The Profit and Loss Account has been prepared in conformity with Form ‘B’ of the Third Schedule to the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

As per our report of even date attached.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Prakash Apte

Uday Kotak

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No. 001076N/N500013

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Murad D. Daruwalla

Dipak Gupta

Uday Khanna

Partner

Joint: Managing

letter of credit which is recognised over

the period of the guarantee /: letter of credit. Syndication / arranger fee is recognised as income as per the terms of engagement.

Upon an asset becoming NPA the income accrued gets reversed, and is recognised only on realisation, as per RBI guidelines. Penal interest is recognised

as income on realization other than on running accounts where it is recognised when due.

Dividend income is accounted on an accrual basis when the Bank’s right to receive the dividend is established.

Gain on account of securitisation of assets is amortised over the life of the securities issued in accordance with the guidelines issued by the RBI. Loss on

account of securitisation of assets is recognised immediately in Profit and Loss account.

In respect of non-performing assets acquired from other Banks / FIs and NBFCs, collections in excess of the consideration paid at each asset level or

portfolio level is treated as income in accordance with RBI guidelines and clarifications.

Fees received on sale of Priority Sector Lending Certificates is considered as Miscellaneous Income, while fees paid for purchase is recognized as expense

under other expenses in accordance with the guidelines issued by the RBI.

9

Employee benefits

Defined Contribution Plan

Provident Fund

Contribution as required by the statute made to the government provident fund or to a fund set up by the Bank and administered by a board of trustees

is debited to the Profit and Loss Account when an employee renders the related service. The Bank has no further obligations.

Superannuation Fund

The Bank makes contributions in respect of eligible employees, subject to a maximum of `0.01 crore per employee per annum to a Fund administered

by trustees and managed by Life Insurance Companies. The Bank recognises such contributions as an expense in the year when an employee renders

the related service.

New Pension Scheme

The Bank contributes up to 10% of eligible employees’ salary per annum, to the New Pension Fund administered by a Pension Fund Regulatory and

Development Authority (PFRDA) appointed pension fund manager. The Bank recognises such contributions as an expense in the year when an employee

renders the related service.

DIFC Employee Workplace Savings Scheme (DEWS)

The Bank’s branch in Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) contributes up to 8.33% of eligible branch employees’ salary per annum to the DIFC

Employee Workplace Savings Scheme (DEWS). The Bank recognises such contributions as an expense in the year when an employee renders the related

service. The Bank has no further obligation.

Defined Benefit Plan

Gratuity

The Bank provides for Gratuity, covering employees in accordance with the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972, service regulations and service awards as the

case may be. The Bank’s liability is actuarially determined (using Projected Unit Credit Method) at the Balance Sheet date. The Bank makes contribution

to Gratuity Funds administered by trustees and managed by Life Insurance Companies.

Pension Scheme

In respect of pension payable to certain erstwhile ING Vysya Bank Limited (“eIVBL”) employees under Indian Banks’ Association (“IBA”) structure, the

Bank contributes 10% of basic salary to a pension fund and the difference between the contribution and the amount actuarially determined by an

independent actuary is trued up based on actuarial valuation conducted as at the Balance Sheet date. The Pension Fund is administered by the Board of

Trustees and managed by Life Insurance Company. The present value of the Bank’s defined pension obligation is determined using the Projected Unit

Credit Method as at the Balance Sheet date.

Employees covered by the pension plan are not eligible for employer’s contribution under the provident fund plan

The contribution made to the Pension fund is recognised as planned assets. The defined benefit obligation recognised in the Balance Sheet represents

the present value of the defined benefit obligation as reduced by the fair value of the plan assets.

Actuarial gains or losses in respect of all defined benefit plans are recognised immediately in the Profit and Loss Account in the year in which they are

incurred.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter of awareness /: letter of comfort (previous year Nil).

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Letter of Credit, Bank guarantee or Standby: Letter of Credit or Fixed Deposits are

exempted from the above requirements. Exposures on other Banks and Public Financial Institutions like SIDBI, EXIM Bank, NABARD, NHB are also

exempted from the above requirements.

h)

Management of foreign exchange risk is considered as a parameter for internal risk rating of borrowers.

Provision held for currency induced credit risk as at 31st March, 2021 is ₹ 54.48 crore. (Previous year ₹ 51.34 crore). Incremental Risk weighted

Assets value considered for the purpose of CRAR calculation in respect of currency induced credit risk as at 31st March, 2021 is ₹ 2,113.26 crore

(Previous year ₹ 1,759.85 crore)

41.

a)

Liquidity Coverage Ratio

(₹ in crore)

Particulars

Average Q4 2020-2021

Average Q3 2020-2021

Average Q2 2020-2021

Average Q1 2020-2021

Total

Unweighted

Value

(average)

Total

Weighted

Value

(average)

Total

Unweighted

Value

(average)

Total

Weighted

Value

(average)

Total

Unweighted

Value

(average)

Total

Weighted

Value

(average)

Total

Unweighted

Value

(average)

Total

Weighted

Value

(average)

High Quality Liquid Assets

1

Total High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA)

97,950

101,577

100,930

94,527

Cash Outflows

2

Retail deposits and deposits from small business customers, of

which:

(i)

Stable deposits

58,695

2,935

58,071

2,904

47,475

2,374

46,629

2,331

(ii) Less stable deposits

118,116

11,812

118,441

11,844

125,718

12,572

119,257

11,926

3

Unsecured wholesale funding, of which

(i)

Operational deposits (all counterparties)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(ii) Non-operational deposits (all counterparties)

84,775

48,527

72,885

41,141

74,037

41,227

80,743

44,230

(iii) Unsecured debt

948

948

1,765

1,765

1,041

1,041

1,098

1,098

4

Secured wholesale funding

-

-

-

-

5

Additional requirements, of which

(i)

Outflows related to derivative exposures and other collateral

requirements

15,260

15,260

12,013

12,013

10,762

10,762

9,618

9,618

(ii) Outflows related to loss of funding on debt products

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(iii) Credit and liquidity facilities

1,848

189

1,977

196

2,122

206

1,979

192

6

Other contractual funding obligations

4,967

4,967

3,526

3,526

2,843

2,843

2,520

2,520

7

Other contingent funding obligations

112,850

4,921

112,242

4,919

112,591

5,003

110,879

4,926

8

Total Cash Outflows

89,559

78,308

76,028

76,841

Cash Inflows

9

Secured lending (e.g. reverse repos)

27,893

0

35,033

0

30,496

0

41,549

4

10 Inflows from fully performing exposures

37,836

32,084

28,729

23,309

21,347

18,879

17,249

15,693

11 Other cash inflows

1,914

957

1,827

913

1,789

894

1,947

974

12 Total Cash Inflows

33,041

24,222

19,773

16,671

Total

Adjusted

Value

Total

Adjusted

Value

Total

Adjusted

Value

Total

Adjusted

Value

13 TOTAL HQLA

97,950

101,577

100,930

94,527

14 Total Net Cash Outflows

56,518

54,086

56,255

60,170

15 Liquidity Coverage Ratio (%)

173.31%

187.81%

179.42%

157.10%

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director and CEO

Mr. Dipak Gupta Joint: Managing

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Murad D. Daruwalla

Dipak Gupta

Uday Khanna

Partner

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

1.b

BR Head (DIN, if applicable)

Not Applicable

BR Head (Name)

Mr. Rohit Rao

BR Head (Designation)

Jt. President and Group Chief CSR Officer

BR Head (Telephone number)

+91-22-6166 6001

BR Head (email id)

rohit.rao@kotak.com

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies (Reply in Y/N)

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

1.

Policy/policies for....

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

2.

Policy being formulated in consultation with the relevant

stakeholders . . .

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

3.

Policy conforming to national /international

standards . . .

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

4.

Policy approved by the Board and signed by MD/CEO/appropriate

Director . . .

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

5.

Committee of the Board/ Director/Official to oversee the

implementation of the policy . . .

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

6.

Link for the policy to be viewed

online . . .

All policies are available on the Bank’s intranet

7.

Policy formally communicated to all relevant internal and external

stakeholders . . .

Yes. Policies have been communicated to all key internal stakeholders of

the Bank. The communication on policies covering all internal and external

stakeholders is an on-going process

8.

In-house structure to implement the policy/ policies . . .

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

9.

Grievance redressal mechanism related to the policy/policies to

address stakeholders’ grievances related to the policy/policies . .

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

10.

Independent audit/evaluation of the working of this policy by an

internal or external agency

Evaluation done through internal audit mechanisms

2a. If the answer to S. No. 1 against any principle is ‘No’, please explain why – Not Applicable

Section D: BR Governance

1.a

Frequency of Board of Directors, Committee of the Board or CEO

review of BR

Performance

The CSR committee held 01 meeting on 12th February, 2021 via video

conference

1.b

BR report or sustainability (frequency and hyperlink)

BR Report

Frequency: Annual

Hyperlink:

https://www.kotak.com/content/kotakcl/en/investor-relations/

financial-results/annual-reports.html

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

