letter dated 23rd April, 2021 informing that the 31st Annual

General Meeting of the Company will be held on 26th July, 2021 at 3.30 p.m. (IST)

through Video Conferencing/Other Audio Visual Means.

In continuation of the aforesaid: letter and pursuant to Regulations 30 and 34 read

with paragraph A of Part A of Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing

Regulations”), we are enclosing the following:

1) Notice of the 31st Annual General Meeting of the Company (including e-voting

instructions) scheduled to be held on Monday, 26th July, 2021, at 3.30 p.m. (IST)

through Video Conference (VC)/ Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM). The brief

details of the agenda items proposed to be transacted thereat are given in

“Annexure I”.

2) Integrated Annual Report for the Financial Year 2020-21.

The Notice of the 31st Annual General Meeting and the Integrated Annual Report for

the Financial Year 2020-21 is available on the Company’s website at the link:

https://mahindrafinance.com/investor-zone/financial-information

Managing Director of the Company designated as “Vice-

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director of the

Company designated as “Vice-Chairman &: Managing Director” for a period of 3 years with

effect from 30th April, 2021 to 29th April, 2024

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the

following Resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of

Sections 196, 197, 198 and all other applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”),

the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration

of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 read with

Schedule V of the Act [including any statutory

modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the

time being in force], the Articles of Association of

the Company, “Policy on Appointment of Directors

and Senior Management and succession planning

for orderly succession to the Board and the Senior

Management” and “Policy on Remuneration of

Directors” and subject to such other approvals,

permissions and sanctions, as may be required

and subject to such conditions and modifications,

as may be prescribed or imposed by any of

the authorities while granting such approvals,

permissions and sanctions, approval of the

Company be accorded to the re-appointment

of Mr. Ramesh Iyer (DIN: 00220759) as the

Managing Director of the Company designated as

Vice-

letter to the Scrutinizer at the

email ID: scrutinizer@snaco.net with a copy

marked to evoting@kfintech.com and to the

Company at investorhelpline_mmfsl@mahindra.

com, authorising its representative(s) to attend

and vote through VC/OAVM on their behalf at the

Meeting, pursuant to Section 113 of the Act.

6. Members of the Company under the category

of Institutional Shareholders are encouraged to:

letter mentioning your name,

folio number, complete address and following

details relating to bank account in which the

dividend is to be received:

i) Name and Branch of Bank and Bank

Account type;

ii) Bank Account Number and type allotted

by your bank after implementation of

Core Banking Solutions;

iii) 11 digit IFSC Code.:

letter mentioning the

Name, Address, Folio No., Email address

and Mobile number of the Member,:

Letter etc.,

authorizing its representative to attend

the AGM through VC/OAVM on its behalf

and to cast its vote through remote

e-voting together with attested specimen

signature(s) of the duly authorised

representative(s), to the Scrutinizer

at email id: scrutinizer@snaco.

net with a copy marked to evoting@

kfintech.com and to the Company at

investorhelpline_mmfsl@mahindra.

com. The scanned image of the above:

Managing Director of the Company since 30th April,

2001 and has played a key role in building Mahindra

Finance into one of India’s leading rural finance

companies, since 1995. Mr. Iyer’s efforts have led not

only to the creation of a potentially global financial

services powerhouse, but also supported the rapid

expansion of the mobility and tractor businesses of

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (“M&M”), the parent

company. The Company under his leadership has been

recognised as a Great Place to Work for several years.

Mr. Ramesh Iyer was elevated as Vice-Chairman &: Managing Director of the Company with effect from

18th March, 2016.

The Board of Directors at its Meeting held on

23rd April, 2016, re-appointed Mr. Ramesh Iyer as

Managing Director of the Company designated as Vice-

Managing Director’s contribution

towards the growth, his increasing responsibilities

and trend in the industry, the Board of Directors

of the Company at its Meeting held on 23rd April,

2021, has pursuant to the recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee and subject

to the approval of the Members at the ensuing Annual

General Meeting, approved the re-appointment and

scale of salary and the other terms of remuneration

including performance pay and perquisites payable to

Mr. Ramesh Iyer as the Vice-Chairman & Managing

Director of the Company with effect from 30th April,

2021 for a period of 3 (three) years.

Profile:

Mr. Ramesh Iyer has completed 62 years of age.

Mr. Ramesh Iyer’s key mandate at Mahindra Group is

to drive inclusive growth, aligned to our guiding belief

of driving rural prosperity. He has been instrumental

in building Mahindra Finance since 1995 into one of

India’s leading rural finance companies.

Mr. Iyer manages the Financial Services Sector of the

Mahindra Group which includes Mahindra & Mahindra

Financial Services Limited, Mahindra Insurance

Brokers Limited, Mahindra Rural Housing Finance

Limited, Mahindra Manulife Investment Management

Private Limited and Mahindra Manulife Trustee Private

Limited. He also oversees the operations of Mahindra

Finance USA, LLC., a U.S. joint venture with De Lage

Landen Financial Services Inc., (DLLFS) a wholly-owned

subsidiary of the Rabobank Group. Mr. Ramesh Iyer is

also a Member of the Group Executive Board of M&M.

Mr. Ramesh Iyer has been closely involved in the

development of the country's dynamic Financial

Services Sector. Mr. Iyer is the Chairman of Finance

Industry Development Council (FIDC) and the

Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) WR Task Force

Committee on Human Resources and also co-chairs

the NBFC Committee of IMC Chamber of Commerce

& Industry. He is an active Member on various

committees like CII National Committee on Financial

Inclusion and Digitisation, CII National Committee on

Leadership & HR, Banking & Finance Committee of

the Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry

(BCCI) and the Taskforce of NBFCs of the Federation of

Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI). He

also serves on the boards of several Mahindra Group

Companies.

Apart from being on the various bodies of the Financial

Services Sector, Mr. Iyer is also on the Advisory Boards

of various Educational Institutions like IITB-Washington

University, Vidyalankar Institute of Technology – School

of Management, WeSchools’ PGDM-Rural Management

Committee and on the College Development Committee

of Vivek College of Commerce.

Mr. Ramesh Iyer is a recipient of various prestigious

awards like: ‘Asia Pacific Entrepreneurship Award

(APEA) 2017 INDIA’, ‘Best CEO – Financial Services

Sector Mid Cap’ awarded by Business Today, ‘CEO –

FINANCIAL SERVICES’ at the CEO AWARDs organized by

CEO India magazine and also featured among Business

Today’s top 40 BFSI CEOs of India and Business World’s

Most Valuable CEOs - 2019. The Company under

his leadership was honoured with the Forbes India

“Conscious Capitalist of the Year” Award 2016.

A commerce graduate, Mr. Iyer has an MBA from

Mumbai University and is an alumnus of several

management and leadership programs conducted

in India, the US, France, and China by institutions like

IIM (Bangalore), Michigan Business School, Harvard

Business School and IMD, Switzerland.

Mr. Ramesh Iyer is the Chairman of Mahindra Rural

Housing Finance Limited and Mahindra Manulife

Investment Management Private Limited, subsidiaries

of the Company and Finance Industry Development

Council, a Section 8 Company. He is the Vice-Chairman

&: Managing

Managing Director”.

The Articles of Association of the Company are

available on the website of the Company at the link:

https://mahindrafinance.com/investor-zone/

corporate-governance for online inspection by

the Members.

Save and except Mr. Iyer, and his relatives to the

extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in

the Company, none of the other Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel (“KMP“) of the Company

and their relatives are, in any way, concerned

or interested, financially or otherwise, in the

Resolution set out at Item No. 5 of the Notice.

None of the Directors and KMP of the Company

are inter-se related to each other.

The Board recommends the Special Resolution set

out at Item No. 5 of the Notice for approval of the

Members.

ITEM NO. 6

The Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to the

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and subject to the approval of the Members

at a General Meeting of the Company, appointed

Mr. Amit Raje (DIN: 06809197) as an Additional Non-:

Managing Director in the Principal Investing

Area of Goldman Sachs. He was a Nominee Director

of Goldman Sachs on the Boards of Noveltech Feeds

Private Limited, Good Host Spaces Private Limited and

Global Consumer Products Private Limited.

Mr. Amit Raje has cumulative experience of over 20

years in Corporate Finance, Mergers & Acquisitions

and Private Equity. Prior to Goldman Sachs, Mr. Raje

worked with Kotak Investment Advisors Limited, the

alternate asset arm of Kotak Mahindra Bank, and

Deloitte & Co., in the Transaction Advisory Services.

Mr. Amit Raje is a post graduate from Mumbai

University and an MBA with a specialization in Finance

& Private Equity from the London Business School.

Mr. Amit Raje is the Whole-time Director of the

Company designated as “Chief Operating Officer

Digital Finance – Digital Business Unit” and Director

of Mahindra Susten Private Limited.

Mr. Amit Raje is a Member of the following Board

Committees of the Company:

•

Asset Liability Committee

•

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Mr. Raje does not hold any Equity Shares in the Company.

The Special Resolution and the Explanatory Statement

may be considered as a written Memorandum setting

out terms, conditions and limits of remuneration of

Mr. Amit Raje in terms of Section 190 of the Act.

The appointment of Mr. Amit Raje as a Director is

effective from 18th September, 2020. During the

year 1st April, 2020 to 31st March, 2021, four Board

Meetings were held since his appointment and Mr. Amit

Raje has attended all the four Meetings.

Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197,

198 and all other applicable provisions of the Act

and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration

of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any

statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof

for the time being in force) read with Schedule V of

the Act, the appointment and remuneration payable to

Mr. Amit Raje is now being placed before the Members

at the Annual General Meeting for their approval by

way of a Special Resolution.

The following additional information as required by

Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 is given below:

I.

GENERAL INFORMATION:

(i) Nature of Industry:

The Company is a Non-Banking Financial

Company engaged in providing finance for

new and pre-owned auto and utility vehicles

(including three wheelers), tractors, cars and

commercial vehicles and SME Financing.:

letter mentioning the Name, Address, Folio No.,

Email address and Mobile number of the Member, self-attested

scanned copy of the PAN Card and self-attested scanned copy

of any document (such as Driving License, Election Identity Card,

Passport, etc.) in support of the address of the Member.

18. Email registration on Company/

Registrar and Transfer Agent’s

Website

Members may visit the following website/web-link(s) and follow the

registration process as guided therein:

• Members are requested to visit the website of the Company

www.mahindrafinance.com and click on the tab “Click here

for temporary registration of email-id of Members for AGM

2021”.

• Visit

the

link:

https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/

mobilereg/mobileemailreg.aspx.

-

Select the name of the Company viz. Mahindra & Mahindra

Financial Services Limited and follow the steps for registration

of e-mail address.:

Dear Stakeholders,

I would not be wrong to say that events over the last

one year have been unprecedented and, in many ways,

disturbing. But each one of you has stood up to this

crisis and shown exceptional attributes in shaping the

metamorphosis of your company.

Given this background, I am pleased to present to you

our first Integrated Report for FY 2020-21. Based on

the guidelines of International Integrated Reporting

Council (IIRC), this Report will give you a more insightful

understanding of our economic, environmental and

social performance and our ability to create long-term

value for all stakeholders. Our business model embeds,

sustainability in our processes, systems and way

of functioning.

NBFCs play a critical role in the nation’s economic

development through employment generation,

infrastructure development, wealth creation and credit

delivery even in the remotest corners of the country.

This has led to improved financial inclusion along with

creation of micro entrepreneurs who provide livelihood

opportunities to million of individuals.

The pandemic has caused financial, health and

emotional stress globally including all our stakeholders.

The role played by NBFC’s in furthering financial inclusion

remains undiminished. The long-term prospects for

highly-rated and established NBFC’s remain robust, and

with things getting back to normal as the second wave

subsides, this industry will continue to catalyse India’s

economic growth. I am proud to state that your Company,

by virtue of its proactive and prudent strategies, has

remained resilient in the face of the unprecedented

challenges witnessed during this year.

After all, a crisis is an opportunity in itself to Rise above

the ordinary.

The spread of the novel coronavirus in India since March

2020 and the subsequent lockdowns had brought the

entire economy to a virtual halt. The first half of the year

was tough due to restrictions, which were particularly hard

on our earn-and-pay customers. We chose to partner

with our employees and customers in those difficult

days and went beyond government and RBI guidelines

to keep our people safe and customers insulated from

Keeping an unwavering focus

on the path ahead

VICE CHAIRMAN AND MD’S MESSAGE

immediate financial difficulties on account of their loans.

A substantial section of our customer base benefitted

from moratorium as their instalment were deferred

providing them an opportunity to return back to normalcy

without causing undue financial stress.

Government and regulator interventions coupled with

relaxations in lockdown as the year progressed improved

the business environment. This resulted in significant

improvement in disbursement and collection efficiencies

during the second half of the year. This displayed the

strength of our model of ‘local connect’ with dealers and

customers, and our highly engaged employees with

deep understanding of on-ground realities. We witnessed

recovery in demand for utility vehicles, cars, construction

equipment, tractors, and rural housing on the backdrop

of improved monsoon and restarting of government

projects. Loan growth in the financial industry was weaker

during this period resulting in enhanced competition in

the vehicle industry.

Our total Income increased marginally by 3% to Rs. 10,517

crores during the financial year ended March 31, 2021

and our AUM increased by 5.9% as compared to last

year. We prioritised asset quality and took an aggressive

stand on bad debt provisioning as well as terminating

contracts with customers with poor likelihood of recovery.

We made an additional provision of Rs. 1,742 crores over

and above the requirement of expected credit losses

(ECL) requirements. This included an additional provision

of Rs. 1,320 crores to bring our net NPA below 4.0% vs. 5.98%

at the of March 2020. Consequently, our Profit After Tax for

the year declined by 63% to Rs. 335 crores. We believe that

our provisioning policies are prudent given the aggressive

nature of the second wave of pandemic, and the fact that

end-use demand recovery has not been broad based

and OEMs are facing supply chain issues.

Our balance sheet continues to remain strong with

sufficient liquidity in liquid investments and undrawn

lines to meet near-term obligations. In spite of the market

downturn, we embarked on the Rights Issue of Rs. 3,089

crores in July 2020, confident of our business model and

the shareholders’ faith reposed on us. Our belief was

proved right by overwhelming response from both small

and institutional investors, both Indian and foreign. We

are well covered for any externalities going into the future

with our capital adequacy ratio at 26.0%, and our Stage-3

coverage ratio at 57.9%, much above the ECL requirement.

We continue to benefit from the strong credit ratings

resulting in a diversified borrowing mix at attractive rates.

Our rural housing subsidiary has been able to maintain

asset quality even during this turbulent time despite

weakened disbursements and the Loan book witnessing

a decline. They are adequately capitalised with sufficient

liquidity. Insurance broking continues to remain a

26%

CAPITAL ADEQUACY RATIO

Rs. 10,517 crores

TOTAL INCOME FOR 2020-21

General Disclosures: GRI 102-14

16

CARE. ABOVE EVERYTHING ELSE.:

Managing Director

In spite of the market

downturn, we embarked

on the Rights Issue of

Rs. 3,089 crores in July

2020, confident of our

business model and

the shareholders’ faith

reposed on us.

General Disclosures: GRI 102-14

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

17

YEAR IN REVIEW

MAHINDRA FINANCE AT A GLANCE

INTRODUCTION

OUR APPROACH TO VALUE CREATION

ESG FOCUS

ANNEXURES

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director -

Financial Services Sector, is

a member of the Mahindra

and Mahindra Group

Sustainability Council.

Sustainability governance structure

General Disclosures: GRI 102-16, GRI 102-18

64

CARE. ABOVE EVERYTHING ELSE.:

Managing Director)











Mr. Dhananjay Mungale







Mr. C. B. Bhave







Ms. Rama Bijapurkar











Mr. Milind Sarwate











Dr. Rebecca Nugent





Mr. Amit Raje

(Whole-time Director-

Chief Operating Officer

Digital Finance-Digital

Business Unit)







Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha











Board Demographics

Board Experience

Board Age Profile

Board Diversity

5-10 years

>20 years

36-55 years

56-74 years

Male

Female

44%

44%

78%

56%

56%

22%

61 years

MEDIAN DIRECTOR AGE

4.3 years

AVERAGE TENURE OF INDEPENDENT

DIRECTORS

98.2%

AVERAGE ATTENDANCE AT BOARD MEETINGS

Specific Disclosures: GRI 405-1

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

65

OUR APPROACH TO VALUE CREATION

ESG FOCUS

YEAR IN REVIEW

MAHINDRA FINANCE AT A GLANCE

INTRODUCTION

ANNEXURES

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Ms. Rama Bijapurkar

Independent Director

Mr. Amit Raje

Whole-time Director

Chief Operating Officer Digital

Finance-Digital Business Unit

Mr. Dhananjay Mungale

Independent Director

Mr. Milind Sarwate

Independent Director

Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha

Additional Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

Audit Committee

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Asset Liability Committee

Risk Management Committee

Committee for Strategic Investments

IT Strategy Committee

Chairperson

Member

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

67:

letter dated

19th April, 2021, your Company has put in place a Board

approved Policy to refund/ adjust the ‘interest on interest’

charged to the borrowers, not covered under the Ex-gratia

Scheme, for the moratorium period i.e. 1st March, 2020 to

31st August, 2020. The Company has made an estimated

provision of Rs. 31.75 Crores as on 31st March, 2021

towards this.

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND

ANALYSIS REPORT

In accordance with the applicable provisions of the Master

Direction issued by the Reserve Bank of India and the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a detailed

analysis of the Company’s performance is discussed in the

Management Discussion and Analysis Report, which forms

part of this Annual Report.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Your Company practices a culture that is built on core

values and ethical governance practices. Your Company is

committed to transparency in all its dealings and places

high emphasis on business ethics.

In accordance with the applicable provisions of the Master

Direction issued by the Reserve Bank of India and the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a Report

on Corporate Governance along with a Certificate from

Messrs. KSR & Co., Company Secretaries LLP regarding

compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance

as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of

sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and paragraphs C, D

and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, forms part of the Annual Report.

SHARE CAPITAL

The Members at their Extraordinary General Meeting

held on 30th June, 2020, have approved the increase

in the Authorised Share Capital of the Company from

Rs. 190,00,00,000 (Rupees One Hundred Ninety Crores)

divided into 70,00,00,000 (Seventy Crores) Equity

Shares of Rs. 2 (Rupees Two) each of the Company and

50,00,000 (Fifty Lakhs) Redeemable Preference Shares

of Rs. 100 (Rupees Hundred) each of the Company to

Rs. 550,00,00,000 (Rupees Five Hundred Fifty Crores)

divided into 250,00,00,000 (Two Hundred Fifty Crores)

Equity Shares of Rs. 2 (Rupees Two) each of the Company

and 50,00,000 (Fifty Lakhs) Redeemable Preference Shares

of Rs. 100 (Rupees Hundred) each of the Company by

creation of additional 180,00,00,000 (One Hundred Eighty

Crores) Equity Shares of Rs. 2 (Rupees Two) each.

Rights Issue of Equity Shares

During the year under review, your Company has allotted

61,77,64,960 Equity Shares of the face value of Rs. 2 each

for cash at a price of Rs. 50 per Equity Share (including

premium of Rs. 48 per Share) in the ratio of 1 (one) Rights

Equity Share for every 1 (one) fully paid-up Equity Share of

the Company, held by the eligible Equity Shareholders on

the Record Date i.e. 23rd July, 2020. The Issue opened on

28th July, 2020, and closed on 11th August, 2020. The Rights

offering by your Company received a very satisfactory

response, as seen by the high levels of subscription and

strong participation from Shareholders and investors, and

was over-subscribed approximately by 1.3 times of the

Issue Size. The Company received the approval from Stock

Exchanges for listing on 19th August, 2020 and trading of

Rights Equity Shares on 20th August, 2020.

The proceeds from the Rights Issue have been fully utilised

for the objects of the Rights Issue as mentioned in the: Letter

of Offer filed with the Securities and Exchange Board of India.

Consequently, pursuant to the allotment of Rights Shares

on 17th August, 2020, the issued, subscribed and paid-up

Equity Share Capital of the Company stands increased from

61,77,64,960 Equity Shares to 123,55,29,920 Equity Shares

of the face value of Rs.2 each, fully paid-up.

Managing Director

During the year under review, 4 (four) CSR Committee

Meetings were held, details of which are provided in the

Corporate Governance Report.

CSR POLICY

During the year under review, the Board based on the

recommendation of the CSR Committee, amended the CSR

Policy to align the same in accordance with the Companies

(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Amendment Rules,

2021 and Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, as

amended, effective from 22nd January, 2021.

The revised CSR Policy is hosted on the Company’s

website and can be accessed at the web-link: https://

www.mahindrafinance.com/investor-zone/corporate-

governance. The detailed Annual Report on the CSR activities

undertaken by your Company during the year, as prescribed in

the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules,

2014, as amended, is set out in “Annexure III” of this Report.

ANNUAL RETURN

Pursuant to Section 134(3)(a) and Section 92(3) of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 12(1) of the Companies

(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, the Annual

Return as on 31st March, 2021 in Form No. MGT-7, is

available on the Company’s website and can be accessed at

the web-link: https://www.mahindrafinance.com/investor-

zone/financial-information.

BOARD MEETINGS, EXTRAORDINARY

GENERAL MEETING AND ANNUAL

GENERAL MEETING

The calendar of the Board/Committee Meetings and the

Annual General Meeting is circulated to the Directors in

advance to enable them to plan their schedule for effective

participation at the respective meetings. Additional Board

Meetings are convened by giving appropriate notice to

address business exigencies. Apart from Meetings, at times,

certain decisions are taken by the Board/Committee(s)

through Circular Resolutions, after a discussion over a

conference call between Board/Committee Members.

All the decisions and urgent matters approved by way of

Circular Resolutions/Circular Note are placed and noted at

the subsequent Board/Committee Meeting(s).

The Board of Directors met seven times during the year

under review, on 15th May, 2020, 1st June, 2020, 18th July,

2020, 18th September, 2020, 26th October, 2020, 28th

January, 2021 and 5th March, 2021. The requisite quorum

was present for all the Meetings. The maximum time gap

between any two Meetings was not more than one hundred

and twenty days. These Meetings were well attended. The

30th Annual General Meeting ('AGM') of the Company was

held on 10th August, 2020.

During the year under review, an Extraordinary General

Meeting ('EGM') of the Members was held on 30th June,

2020 to approve the increase in the Authorised Share

Capital of the Company and consequential amendment(s)

to the Capital Clause of the Memorandum of Association

of the Company.

Detailed information on the Meetings of the Board, its

Committees, EGM and the AGM is included in the Report

on Corporate Governance, which forms part of this Annual

Report.:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

(‘M&M’), the Holding Company, with responsibility for the

Group Corporate Office and full oversight of all businesses

other than the Auto and Farm sectors of M&M.

Appointment/Re-Appointment of Directors

Mr. Ramesh Iyer

Re-appointment of Mr. Ramesh Iyer,: Managing Director

designated as Vice-

letter.

Subsequently, Mr. Arvind V. Sonde also ceased to be a

Member of the Audit Committee and Risk Management

Committee of the Board effective 15th March, 2021.

The Board has placed on record its sincere appreciation

of the valuable services rendered by Mr. Sonde as an

Independent Director of the Company.

RETIREMENT BY ROTATION

Mr. Ramesh Iyer retires by rotation and, being eligible,

offers himself for re-appointment at the 31st Annual General

Meeting of the Company scheduled to be held on 26th July,

2021.

Re-appointment of Independent Directors

None of the Independent Directors of the Company is due

for re-appointment.

Resignation of Independent Director(s)

During the year under review, except for Mr. Arvind V. Sonde,

none of the Independent Directors of the Company had

resigned before the expiry of his/her respective tenure(s).

Declaration by Directors

All the Directors of the Company have confirmed that

they satisfy the “fit and proper” criteria as prescribed

under Chapter XI of RBI Master Direction No. DNBR.

PD.008/03.10.119/2016-17 dated 1st September, 2016,

as amended, and that they are not disqualified from being

appointed/continuing as Directors in terms of Section

164(2) of the Companies Act, 2013.

Declaration by Independent Directors

All the Independent Directors of the Company have given their

respective declarations/disclosures under Section 149(7)

of the Companies Act, 2013 ('Act') and Regulation 25(8) of

the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) and have confirmed

that they fulfill the criteria of Independence as prescribed

under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the

Listing Regulations, and have also confirmed that they are not

aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist or may

be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or impact their

ability to discharge their duties with an objective independent

judgment and without any external influence.

Further, the Board after taking these declarations/

disclosures on record and acknowledging the veracity of

the same, concluded that the Independent Directors are

persons of integrity and possess the relevant proficiency,

expertise and experience to qualify as Independent Directors

of the Company and are Independent of the Management

of the Company.

In terms of Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the

Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors)

Rules, 2014, as amended, Independent Directors of

the Company have confirmed that they have registered

themselves with the databank maintained by the Indian

Institute of Corporate Affairs, Manesar (‘IICA’). The

Independent Directors are also required to undertake online

proficiency self-assessment test conducted by the IICA

within a period of 2 (two) years from the date of inclusion of

their names in the data bank, unless they meet the criteria

specified for exemption.:

Managing Director.

Mr. Amit Raje, Whole-time Director of the Company

designated as “Chief Operating Officer Digital Finance –

Digital Business Unit”.

Mr. Vivek Karve, Chief Financial Officer of the Company

and Group Financial Services Sector.

Ms. Arnavaz M. Pardiwalla, Company Secretary.

Changes in Key Managerial Personnel

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. V. Ravi ceased to be the Chief Financial Officer of the

Company on completion of his tenure as Executive Director

& Chief Financial Officer with effect from 25th July, 2020.

Based on the recommendations of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee, the

Board of Directors of the Company at its Meeting held

on 18th July, 2020 appointed Mr. Vivek Karve as the Chief

Financial Officer designated as 'Chief Financial Officer of the

Company and Group Financial Services Sector' with effect

from 14th September, 2020.

Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(5) of the

Companies Act, 2013, (“the Act”) your Directors, based

on the representations received from the Operating

Management and after due enquiry, confirm that:

i.

in the preparation of the annual accounts for financial

year ended 31st March, 2021, the applicable accounting

standards have been followed and there are no material

departures in adoption of these standards.

ii.

they have in consultation with the Statutory Auditors

selected such accounting policies and applied them

consistently and made judgments and estimates that

are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and

fair view of the state of affairs of the Company as at

31st March, 2021 and of the profit of the Company for

the year ended on that date.

iii. they have taken proper and sufficient care for

the maintenance of adequate accounting records

in accordance with the provisions of the Act for

safeguarding the assets of the Company and for

preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities.

iv. they have prepared the annual accounts for financial

year ended 31st March, 2021 on a going concern basis.

v.

they have laid down adequate internal financial controls

to be followed by the Company and that such internal

financial controls were operating effectively during the

financial year ended 31st March, 2021.

vi. they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance

with provisions of all applicable laws and that such

systems were adequate and operating effectively

during the financial year ended 31st March, 2021.

Performance Evaluation of the Board

The Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the

Listing Regulations”) stipulate the evaluation of the

performance of the Board, its Committees, Individual

Directors and the Chairperson.

The Company has formulated a Policy for performance

evaluation of the Independent Directors, the Board, its

Committees and other individual Directors which includes

criteria for performance evaluation of the Non-Executive

Directors and Executive Directors.

The evaluation framework for assessing the performance of

Directors comprises various key areas such as attendance

at Board and Committee Meetings, quality of contribution

to Board discussions and decisions, strategic insights or

inputs regarding future growth of the Company and its

performance, ability to challenge views in a constructive

manner, knowledge acquired with regard to the Company’s

business/activities, understanding of industry and global

trends, etc.

The evaluation involves self-evaluation by the Board Member

and subsequent assessment by the Board of Directors. A

member of the Board will not participate in the discussion

of his/her evaluation.

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

and Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations, the Board has

carried out an annual evaluation of its own performance:

letter to the below address:

Chairperson of the Audit Committee

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Mahindra Towers, 4th Floor,

Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg,

P. K. Kurne Chowk, Worli,

Mumbai – 400 018.

The Whistle Blower Policy has been appropriately

communicated within the Company and is available

on the website of your Company at the web-link:

https://mahindrafinance.com/media/384157/vigil-

mechanism.pdf.

The Audit Committee is apprised on the vigil mechanism on

a periodic basis. During the year, no personnel have been

denied access to the Audit Committee.

SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURE(S) AND

ASSOCIATE(S)

The Company’s Subsidiaries, Joint Venture(s) and

Associate(s) continue to contribute to the overall growth

in revenues and overall performance of your Company. A

Report on the performance and financial position of each of

the subsidiaries, joint venture(s) and the associate companies

included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and their

contribution to the overall performance of the Company, is

provided in Form AOC-1 as ‘Annexure A’ to the Consolidated

Financial Statements and forms part of this Annual Report.

Your Company has formulated a Policy for determining

‘Material’ Subsidiaries as defined in Regulation 16 of the

Listing Regulations. This Policy has been hosted on the

website of the Company and can be accessed at the

web-link: https://mahindrafinance.com/investor-zone/

corporate-governance.

SUBSIDIARIES

Mahindra Insurance Brokers Limited

During the year under review, Mahindra Insurance Brokers

Limited (‘MIBL’), the subsidiary in the business of Direct and

Re-insurance Broking, serviced approximately 1.43 million

insurance cases, for both Life and Non-Life Retail business.

There is de-growth of 14% in Gross Premium facilitated

for the Corporate and Retail business lines, decreasing

from Rs. 2,431.89 Crores in the Financial Year 2019-20

to Rs. 2,101.06 Crores in the Financial Year 2020-21. The

Total Income decreased by 20% from Rs. 336.89 Crores:

Managing Director is

decided based on the individual performance, inflation, prevailing

industry trends and benchmarks.

The remuneration of eligible Non-Executive Directors consists of

commission and sitting fees. While deciding the remuneration,

various factors such as Director’s participation in Board and

Committee Meetings during the year, other responsibilities

undertaken,

such

as

Membership

or

Chairmanship/

Chairpersonship of Committees, and such other factors as the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee may deem ﬁt etc.,

were taken into consideration.

5.

Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the

Remuneration Policy of the Company:

The remuneration paid/payable is as per the Policy on

Remuneration of Directors and Remuneration Policy for Key

Managerial Personnel and Employees of the Company.

Notes:

1)

The remuneration calculated is as per Section 2(78) of the Companies Act, 2013 and includes the perquisite value of Stock

Options of the Company exercised during the year.

2)

The calculations are based on Employees who were on the rolls of the Company for the whole of the Financial Year 2019-20 and

Financial Year 2020-21.

3) On the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board at its Meeting held on 28th January, 2021 has

increased the commission and sitting fees payable to the Independent Directors for attending the Board/Committee Meetings.

This is commensurate with the increased responsibilities, contribution and time devoted by Independent Directors on various

matters pertaining to the Company.

Mr. Ramesh Iyer, Vice-Chairman &: Managing

letter was issued to both the

respondents.

CONSERVATION OF ENERGY,

TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, AND

FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND

OUTGO

The particulars in respect of conservation of energy,

technology absorption and foreign exchange earnings and

outgo, as required under sub-section (3) (m) of Section 134

of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule (8)(3) of the

Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 are given as under :

(A) Conservation of Energy

(i) The steps taken or impact on conservation of

energy:

The operations of your Company are not energy

intensive. However, adequate measures have been

initiated to reduce energy consumption.

Select few steps are listed:

a)

Replacement of conventional lighting with

Light Emitting Diode (LED) lighting:

The Company has installed LED lighting in

Regional Offices of the Company during the:

Managing Director,

President - Financial Services Sector & Member of

the Group Executive Board

b)

Details of the BR Head

S. No.

Particulars

Details

1.

DIN (if applicable)

N.A.

2.

Name

Mr. Atul Joshi

3.

Designation

Vice President - HR & Administration

4.

Telephone number

+91 22 66526029

5.

E-mail id

joshi.atul@mahindra.com

2. Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/Policies

The Business Responsibility Policy (“BR Policy”) addressing the following 9 principles as per the National Voluntary

Guidelines on Social, Environmental and Economic Responsibilities of Business (NVGs), duly approved by the Board, is

in place. This policy is operationalized and supported by various other policies, guidelines and manuals.:

Managing Director is a part of different committees

and forum of various chambers, association and

educational institutes.

Further details regarding the same can be referred

in section ‘Advocacy & Public Policy’ on Page No. 17

of Company’s previous Sustainability Report available

on web-link - https://www.mahindrafinance.com/

media/383685/mahindra-finance-sustainability-

report-2019-20.pdf.:

Managing Director

Dhananjay Mungale

Chairman

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Place : Mumbai

Date : 23rd April, 2021:

Managing Director/Whole-time Director(s) are

executives of the Company and draw remuneration from the

Company. The Independent Directors receive sitting fees for

attending the meeting of the Board and the Committees

thereof, as fixed by the Board of Directors from time to time,

subject to statutory provisions. The Independent Directors

would be entitled to the remuneration under the Companies

Act, 2013 and Rules framed thereunder, as amended from

time to time. The Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors

including the Non-Executive Non-Independent Chairman who

receive remuneration from the holding Company or a Group

Company are not paid any sitting fees or any remuneration.

In addition to the above, the Directors are entitled for

reimbursement of expenses incurred in discharge of their

duties.

Pursuant to the erstwhile Employee Stock Option Scheme

2005 (ESOS 2005) the Company had granted Stock Options

to Directors including Independent Directors. The Company

has also granted Stock Options to the: Managing

Managing Director/Executive Directors

The term of office and remuneration of: Managing Director/

Executive Directors are subject to the approval of the Board

of Directors and Shareholders as may be required and the

limits laid down under the Companies Act, 2013 from time

to time.

If, in any financial year, the Company has no profits or its

profits are inadequate, the Company shall pay, subject to the

requisite approvals, remuneration to its Managing Director/

Executive Directors in accordance with the provisions of

Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013.

If any Managing Director/Executive Director draws or

receives, directly or indirectly by way of remuneration any

such sums in excess of the limits prescribed under the

Companies Act, 2013 or without obtaining the approval of

Shareholders, where required, he/she shall refund such

sums to the Company within two years or such lesser period

as may be allowed by the Company, and until such sum is

refunded, hold it in trust for the Company. The Company

shall not waive recovery of such sum refundable to it unless

permitted by the Shareholders by Special Resolution.

Remuneration of the Managing Director/Executive

Directors reflects the overall remuneration philosophy

and guiding principle of the Company. While considering

the appointment and remuneration of Managing Director/

Executive Directors, the NRC shall consider the industry

benchmarks, merit and seniority of the person and shall

ensure that the remuneration proposed to be paid is

commensurate with the remuneration packages paid to

similar senior level counterpart(s) in other companies.

Remuneration for Managing Director/Executive Director is

designed subject to the limits laid down under the Companies

Act, 2013 to remunerate them fairly and responsibly. The

remuneration to the Managing Director/Executive Director

comprises of salary, perquisites and performance based

incentive apart from retirement benefits like Provident

Fund, Superannuation, Gratuity, Leave Encashment, etc., as

per Rules of the Company. Salary is paid within the range

approved by the Shareholders. Increments are effective

annually, as recommended/approved by the NRC/Board.

The total remuneration will have a flexible component with

a bouquet of allowances to enable the Managing Director/

Executive Director to choose the allowances as well as the

quantum, based on laid down limits as per Company policy.

The flexible component can be varied only once annually.

The actual pay-out of variable component of the

remuneration will be a function of individual performance

as well as business performance. Business performance is

evaluated using a Balanced Score Card (BSC) while individual

performance is evaluated on Key Result Areas (KRA). Both

the BSC and KRAs are evaluated at the end of the fiscal to

arrive at the BSC rating of the business and performance

rating of the individual.

Remuneration also aims to motivate the Personnel to

deliver Company’s key business strategies, create a

strong performance-oriented environment and reward

achievement of meaningful targets over the short and long-

term.

The Managing Director/Executive Directors are entitled

to customary non-monetary benefits such as Company

cars, health care benefits, communication facilities, etc.,

as per policies of the Company. The Managing Director and

Executive Directors are entitled to grant of Stock Options

as per the approved Stock Option Schemes of the Company

from time to time.

Non-executive directors

The Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) are paid remuneration

by way of Commission and Sitting Fees. In terms of the

Shareholders’ approval, the Commission is paid at a rate

not exceeding 1% (one percent) per annum of the profits of

the Company computed in accordance with the applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. The distribution of

Commission amongst the NEDs shall be placed before the

Board.

At present, the Company pays sitting fees to the NEDs for

attending the meetings of the Board and the Committees

constituted by the Board from time to time.

Disclosures

Information on the total remuneration of members of

the Company’s Board of Directors, Managing Director/

Executive Directors and Key Managerial Personnel/Senior

Management Personnel may be disclosed in the Board’s

Report and the Company’s Annual Report/ Website as per

statutory requirements laid down in this regard.

For and on behalf of the Board

Dr. Anish Shah

Managing Director or

Manager;

(ii) the Company Secretary;

(iii) the Whole-time Director;

(iv) the Chief Financial Officer;

(v) such other officer, not more than one level below the

Directors who is in whole-time employment, designated

as Key Managerial Personnel by the Board; and

(vi) such other officer as may be prescribed.

“Senior Management” shall mean officers/personnel of

the Company who are members of its Core Management

Team/Steering Committee excluding Board of Directors

and shall include all members of management one level

below the chief executive officer/: managing director/whole-

time director/manager (including chief executive officer/

manager, in case they are not part of the Board) including

the functional heads and shall specifically include the

company secretary and chief financial officer but exclude

administrative staff.

Annexure IV-B to the Board’s Report for the year ended 31st March, 2021

Remuneration Policy for Key Managerial Personnel and Employees

Standards

The broad structure of compensation payable to employees

is as under:

Fixed pay which has components like basic salary &

other allowances/flexi pay as per the grade where the

employees can choose allowances from bouquet of

options.

Variable pay (to certain grades) in the form of annual/

half yearly performance pay based on KRAs agreed.

Incentives either monthly or quarterly based on targets

in the lower grades.

Retirals such as PF, Gratuity & Superannuation (for

certain grades).

Benefits such as car scheme, medical & dental benefit,

loans, insurance, etc., as per grades.

Increments

Salary increase is given to eligible employees based

on position, performance and market dynamics as

decided from time to time.

In case the performance of the Company exceeds the

budgeted performance, the Company declares an additional

ex-gratia bonus or a reward to its employees, at its

discretion.

For and on behalf of the Board

Dr. Anish Shah

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on our audit.

2.

Due to restrictions on movement of people amid

COVID-19 pandemic, we have to conduct our audit by

examining various records and documents including

minutes, registers, certificates and other records

received through electronic mode from the Company.

Hence, we state that we have not verified the physical

original documents and records. The management has

confirmed that the records provided to us for audit are

true and correct.

3.

Further, our audit report is limited to the verification

and reporting on the statutory compliances on laws /

regulations/guidelines listed in our report and the

same pertain to the financial year ended on 31st March,

2021.

4.

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial

records. The verification was done on test basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices,

we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

5.

We have not verified the correctness and

appropriateness of financial records and Books of

Accounts of the Company.

6.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

Further, compliance of Act, Regulations, Directions

listed under Para (vi) of the report is limited to issue of

securities, corporate governance aspects and filing of

forms and returns there under.

7.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For KSR & Co Company Secretaries LLP

Dr. C.V. Madhusudhanan

Partner

(FCS: 5367; CP: 4408)

UDIN: F005367C000151788

Place : Coimbatore

Date : 21st April, 2021:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on our audit.

2.

Due to restrictions on movement of people amid

COVID-19 pandemic, we had to conduct our audit by

examining various records and documents including

minutes, registers, certificates and other records

received through electronic mode as enabled by the

Company. We state that we have not done a physical

verification of the original documents and records. The

management has confirmed that the records provided

to us for audit through electronic mode are final, true

and correct.

3.

Further, our audit report is limited to the verification

and reporting of the statutory compliances on laws /

regulations/guidelines listed in our report and the

same pertain to the Financial year ended on 31st

March, 2021.

4.

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial

records. The verification was done on test basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices,

we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

5.

We have not verified the correctness and

appropriateness of financial records and Books of

Accounts of the Company.

6.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards

is the responsibility of management. Our examination

was limited to the verification of procedures on

test basis. Further compliance of provisions of The

National Housing Bank Act, 1987 and The Housing

Finance Companies (NHB) Directions, 2010 and NBFC-

HFC (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2021 is limited to

compliance of corporate governance provisions and

verification of filing of forms and returns thereunder.

7.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For KSR & Co Company Secretaries LLP

Dr. C.V. Madhusudhanan

Partner

(FCS: 5367; CP: 4408)

UDIN: F005367C000124970

Place : Coimbatore

Date : 19th April, 2021:

Managing Director of the Company, designated as “Vice-

Chairman &: Managing Director” for a period of 3 (three)

years with effect from 30th April, 2021 to 29th April, 2024

(both days inclusive), subject to the approval of the Members

at the ensuing AGM.

As on the date of this Report, the Board of your Company

comprises of Nine Directors. The Company has a Non-

Executive

Managing Director and Mr. Amit Raje, Chief

Operating Officer Digital Finance - Digital Business Unit

are Whole-time Directors of your Company. Dr. Anish

Shah, Non-Executive Chairman of the Company has been

appointed as the: Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (‘M&M’), the holding

company, with effect from 2nd April, 2021, and draws

remuneration from it. Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha, Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director is in the whole-time employment

of M&M and receives remuneration from M&M. Dr. Anish

Shah and Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha do not receive any sitting

fees or remuneration from the Company.

Apart from reimbursement of expenses incurred in

the discharge of their duties and the remuneration that

the eligible Non-Executive Directors would be entitled

to under the Act, none of these Directors has any other

pecuniary relationships or transactions with the Company,

its Subsidiaries or Associates, or their Promoters or its

Directors, during the two immediately preceding financial

years or during the current financial year. None of the

Directors of your Company is inter-se related to each other.

The Management of the Company is entrusted with the

Steering Committee comprising of the Whole-time Director

and Senior Executives from different functions headed by

the Vice-

Managing Director)

DIN: 00220759

7

7

Yes

8

5

0

Mahindra

Rural Housing

Finance

Limited^

Non-Executive

Chairman

Notes:

# Excludes Directorships in private limited companies, foreign companies and companies registered under Section 8 of the Act but includes

Directorship in Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited (MMFSL). None of the Directors holds Directorships in more than 20 companies

as stipulated in Section 165 of the Act.

+ Committees considered are Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee including in MMFSL. In the Committee details provided,

Committee Membership(s) includes Chairmanship(s).

$ Mr. Dhananjay Mungale resigned as Chairman of the Board of Directors with effect from close of business hours on 1st April, 2021. The Board at

its Meeting held on 28th January, 2021 has appointed Dr. Anish Shah as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company with effect from

2nd April, 2021.

@ 1 Meeting was held during Dr. Nugent’s tenure.

* 4 Meetings were held during Mr. Raje’s tenure.

^ Debt listed subsidiary of the Company.:

letter.

Except for Mr. Arvind V. Sonde, none of the Independent

Directors of the Company had resigned before the expiry

of his/her respective tenure(s).

MEETINGS OF INDEPENDENT

DIRECTORS

As stipulated by the Code of Independent Directors under

the Act and the Listing Regulations, two Meetings of

Independent Directors were held during the year. These

Meetings were conducted in an informal manner to enable

Independent Directors to discuss matters relating to

Company’s affairs and put forth their views without the

presence of the Vice-Chairman &: Managing Director, other

Non-Independent Directors, Chief Financial Officer and

members of the Management.

At these Meetings, the Independent Directors reviewed the

performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board

as a whole, reviewed the performance of the

Managing Director apprises the Board at every Meeting

on the overall performance of the Company, as well as the

current market conditions including the Company’s business

and the Regulatory scenario, followed by presentations

by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. A detailed

Functional Report is also presented at the Board Meeting(s).

The Board provides the overall strategic direction and

periodically reviews strategy and business plans, annual

operating and capital expenditure budgets, investment

and exposure limits, compliance report(s) of all laws

applicable to the Company, as well as steps taken to rectify

instances of non-compliances if any, review of major legal

issues, minutes of the Committees of the Board, approval

and adoption of quarterly/half-yearly/annual results, risk

assessment and minimization procedures, transactions

pertaining to purchase/disposal of property(ies), if any,

sale of investments, major accounting provisions and write-

offs, corporate restructuring, details of any joint venture

or collaboration agreement(s), material default in financial

obligations, if any, review quarterly report on actual or

suspected frauds submitted to Reserve Bank of India and

corrective action taken, compliance with Fair Practices

Code, functioning of customer grievance redressal

mechanism, review transactions that involve substantial

payment towards goodwill, brand equity or intellectual

property, any issue that involves possible public or product

liability claims of substantial nature including judgment or

order which may have passed strictures on the conduct

of your Company, quarterly details of foreign exchange

exposures and the steps taken by Management to limit the

risks of adverse exchange rate movement.

The Board sets annual performance objectives, oversees

the actions and results of the management, evaluates its

own performance, performance of its Committees and

individual Directors on an annual basis and monitors the

effectiveness of the Company’s governance practices for

enhancing the stakeholders’ value.

In addition to the above, pursuant to Regulation 24 of the

Listing Regulations, the minutes of the Board Meetings of

your Company’s subsidiary companies and a statement of

all significant transactions and arrangements entered into

by the unlisted subsidiary companies are also placed before

the Board. The Chairman/Chairperson of various Board

Committees brief the Board on all the important matters

discussed and decided at their respective Committee

Meetings.

The Company has a well-established framework for the

Meetings of the Board and its Committees which seeks to

systematise the decision-making process at the Board and

Committee Meetings in an informed and efficient manner.:

letter and in

spirit by the Directors.

Based on recommendations of the NRC, the Board will

evaluate the candidate(s) and decide on the selection of the

appropriate member.

Your Company has a well-defined Remuneration Policy for

its Directors. The Policy is guided by a reward framework

and set of principles and objectives as more fully and

particularly envisaged under Section 178 of the Act and

principles pertaining to qualifications, positive attributes,

integrity and independence of Directors, etc. The NRC while

determining the remuneration of the Directors shall ensure

that the level and composition of remuneration is reasonable

and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate the person to

ensure the quality required to run the Company successfully.

While considering the remuneration, the NRC shall ensure

a balance between fixed and performance-linked variable

pay reflecting short and long-term performance objectives

appropriate to the working of the Company and its goals and

it shall ascertain that some part of the remuneration is linked

to the achievement of corporate performance targets.

Dr. Anish Shah has been appointed as the Non-Executive

Chairman of the Board of Directors with effect from

2nd April, 2021. Dr. Shah is in the whole-time employment of

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (‘M&M’), the Holding Company

and draws remuneration from it. Dr. Anish Shah is not paid

any sitting fees or remuneration by the Company.

In view of the above, your Company has during the year under

review, amended the Policy on Remuneration of Directors

effective 2nd April, 2021, in accordance with the aforesaid

requirements and administrative changes. This Policy is

furnished in “Annexure IV-A” appended to the Board’s

Report and is also available at the Company's website at the

web-link: https://mahindrafinance.com/investor-zone/

corporate-governance.

Remuneration Policy for Key Managerial

Personnel and Employees

The Board and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

regularly keep track of the current and emerging market

trends in terms of compensation levels and practices within

the relevant industries. This information is used to review

the Company’s remuneration policies from time to time.

The broad structure of compensation payable to employees

is as under:

Fixed pay which has components like basic salary and

other allowances/flexi pay as per the grade where the

employees can choose allowances from bouquet of

options.

Variable pay (to certain grades) in the form of annual/

half-yearly performance pay based on KRAs agreed.

Incentives either monthly or quarterly based on targets

in the lower grades.

Retirals such as Provident Fund, Gratuity and

Superannuation (for certain grades).

Benefits such as car scheme, medical and dental

reimbursement, loans, insurance, etc., as per grades.

The Cost to Company is reviewed annually and increment

is given to eligible employees based on their position,

performance and market dynamics as decided from time

to time.:

Managing Director and Whole-time Director is fixed by

the NRC which is subsequently approved by the Board

of Directors and Shareholders at a General Meeting/by

means of a Postal Ballot voting process.

The NRC while deciding the basis for determining the

remuneration of the Executive Directors shall take into

consideration the individual performance and the business

performance. The business performance is evaluated using

a Balanced Score Card (BSC) while individual performance

is evaluated on Key Result Areas (KRAs). Both the BSC and

KRAs are evaluated at the end of the fiscal to arrive at the

BSC rating of the business and performance rating of the

individual.:

Managing Director is three months. Commission and Stock

Options are the only components of remuneration that are performance linked. All other components are

fixed. The existing term of appointment is for a period of 5 years with effect from 30th April, 2016 upto

29th April, 2021.

Further, Mr. Ramesh Iyer has been re-appointed for a period of 3 years commencing from 30th April, 2021 to 29th

April, 2024, subject to approval of Members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. There is no separate provision

for the payment of severance fees.

During 2020-21, the Company did not advance loans to any of its Directors.

SHARES HELD BY NON-EXECUTIVE

DIRECTORS

Table 4 gives details of the Shares held by the Non-Executive

Directors as on 31st March, 2021.

Table 4: Details of the Shares held by the Non-Executive

Directors

Name of the Directors

Number of Shares held

Mr. Dhananjay Mungale

1,00,000

Mr. C. B. Bhave

Nil

Ms. Rama Bijapurkar

30,000

Mr. Milind Sarwate

Nil

Dr. Anish Shah

Nil

Mr. Amit Raje

Nil

Dr. Rebecca Nugent

Nil

CODES OF CONDUCT

The Board has laid down Codes of Conduct for Board

Members and for Senior Management and Employees of

the Company ('Codes'). The Code of Conduct for Senior

Management and Employees of the Company has been

amended during the year under review. The Code stands

widely communicated across the Company at all times.

These Codes are also accessible at the Company's website

at the web-link: https://mahindrafinance.com/investor-

zone/corporate-governance.

The Board has also laid down a Code of Conduct for

Independent Directors pursuant to Section 149(8) read

with Schedule IV of the Act, which is a guide to professional

conduct for Independent Directors of the Company.

All the Board Members and Senior Management Personnel

have affirmed compliance with these Codes. A declaration

signed by the Vice-Chairman &: Managing Director to this

effect is enclosed at the end of this Report.

CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION

As required under Regulation 17(8) read with Part B of

Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, the Vice-

Managing Director, Whole-time

Director, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, Chief

Internal Auditor of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited,

the Statutory Auditors, the Executive Vice-President-

Operations, Head-Accounts, Treasury & Corporate

Affairs and the Senior Vice-President-Accounts

are regularly invited to attend the Audit Committee

Meetings. The Company Secretary is the Secretary to

the Committee.

Mr. C. B. Bhave, Chairman of the Audit Committee was

present at the 30th Annual General Meeting of the

Company held virtually (e-AGM) on 10th August, 2020.

The Audit Committee met seven times during the year

on 15th May, 2020, 1st June, 2020, 18th July, 2020,

13th August, 2020, 26th October, 2020, 28th January,

2021 and 15th February, 2021.

The gap between two Meetings did not exceed one

hundred and twenty days. The details of attendance

at the Audit Committee Meetings are given in Table 5.:

Managing Director, Executive Director/

Whole-time Director, Functional Heads, Members of

the Senior Management/Core Management Team,

Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary, setting

out performance parameters for Vice-Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director is a permanent invitee to the

Committee Meeting. The Members are:

Name of Members

Category

Mr. Dhananjay Mungale* -

Chairman of the Committee

(Independent Director)

Mr. C. B. Bhave^

-

Independent Director

Mr. Milind Sarwate

-

Independent Director

Dr. Anish Shah#

-

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

* Appointed as the Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee with effect from 5th April, 2021.

^ Resigned as Chairman with effect from 5th April, 2021. Mr. Bhave

continues to be a Member of the Committee.

# Appointed as a Member of the Committee with effect from

15th May, 2020.

As per Section 178(7) of the Act and Secretarial

Standard on General Meetings (SS-2), issued by the

Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the Chairman

of the Committee or, in his absence, any other Member

of the Committee authorised by him in this behalf

shall attend the General Meetings of the Company.

Mr. C. B. Bhave, former Chairman of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee was present at the

30th Annual General Meeting of the Company held

virtually (e-AGM) on 10th August, 2020.

The Committee met seven times during the year

under review on 15th May, 2020, 17th July, 2020, 18th

September, 2020, 22nd October, 2020, 27th January,

2021, 15th February, 2021 and 4th March, 2021. All the

Meetings were well attended. The attendance details

at Meetings of the Committee are given in Table 6.

Table 6: Attendance record of Nomination

and Remuneration Committee Meetings

Name of Members

No. of

Meetings

held

No. of

Meetings

attended

Mr. Dhananjay Mungale (Chairman)

7

7

Mr. C. B. Bhave

7

7

Mr. Milind Sarwate

7

7

Dr. Anish Shah*

6

6

Mr. V. S. Parthasarathy@

3

3

* Appointed as a Member of the Committee with effect from

15th May, 2020. Six Meetings were held during his tenure.

@ Resigned as Director of the Company and thereby ceased to be

a Member of the Committee with effect from 18th September,

2020. Three Meetings were held during his tenure.

c) Stakeholders Relationship Committee

As on 31st March, 2021, the Stakeholders Relationship

Committee comprised two Independent Directors,

one Executive Director and one Non-Executive Non-

Independent Director:

Name of Members

Category

Ms. Rama Bijapurkar -

Chairperson of the Committee

(Independent Director)

Mr. C. B. Bhave

-

Independent Director

Mr. Ramesh Iyer

-

Executive Director

Mr. Amit Raje*

-

Non-Executive Non-Independent

Director

* Appointed as a Member of the Committee with effect from

28th January, 2021.

Mr. V. Ravi ceased to be a Member of the Committee

with effect from 25th July, 2020, upon cessation as

Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer of the

Company.

Ms. Arnavaz M. Pardiwalla, Company Secretary is the

Compliance Officer of the Company as required under

the Listing Regulations and the Nodal Officer to ensure

compliance with the IEPF Rules.

The Committee meets, as and when required, to inter-

alia, deal with matters relating to transfer/transmission

of shares and debentures, approve requests for issue

of duplicate share/debenture certificates, issue of

new Share Certificate(s) (including for transfer to the

Investor Education and Protection Fund, as per the

provisions of the Act and Rules framed thereunder),

and monitor redressal of grievances of security

holders including shareholders, debentureholders,

investors/other security holders, relating to transfer/:

letter to the below mentioned address:

Chairperson of the Audit Committee

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Mahindra Towers, 4th Floor,

Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg,

P. K. Kurne Chowk, Worli,

Mumbai – 400 018.

The Whistle Blower Policy provides for reporting of insider

trading violations as well as reporting of instances of leak of

Unpublished Price Sensitive Information by the employees.

The Whistle Blower Policy has been hosted on the Company’s

website at the web-link: https://mahindrafinance.com/

media/384157/vigil-mechanism.pdf.

SHAREHOLDERS

Appointment/Re-appointment of Director(s)

The details of Directors seeking appointment/

re-appointment at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting

is set forth in Table 14 A, B and C:

Table 14 A

Name of Director

Mr. Ramesh Iyer

Date of Birth

4th June, 1958

Date of first appointment on the Board

30th April, 2001

Expertise in specific functional areas

Business Development, Finance and Marketing

Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce and a Master’s Degree in Business Administration.

Directorships in Companies

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Mahindra Insurance Brokers Limited

Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited (Chairman)

Mahindra Manulife Investment Management Private Limited (Chairman)

Finance Industry Development Council [Section 8 Company] (Chairman)

Mahindra Agri Solutions Limited

Mahindra Susten Private Limited

Mahindra First Choice Wheels Limited

NBS International Limited

Mahindra Finance USA LLC.

Noveltech Feeds Private Limited

Membership of Committees in Public Limited

Companies

Audit Committee

Mahindra Insurance Brokers Limited

Mahindra Manulife Investment Management Private Limited

NBS International Limited (Chairman)

Mahindra First Choice Wheels Limited

Mahindra Susten Private Limited

Noveltech Feeds Private Limited (Chairman):

Managing Director of the Company with effect from 30th April, 2001. Mr. Ramesh Iyer’s key

mandate at Mahindra Group is to drive inclusive growth, aligned to our guiding belief of driving rural prosperity. He has

been instrumental in building Mahindra Finance since 1995 into one of India’s leading rural finance companies.

Mr. Iyer manages the Financial Services Sector of the Mahindra Group which includes Mahindra & Mahindra Financial

Services Limited, Mahindra Insurance Brokers Limited, Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited, Mahindra Manulife

Investment Management Private Limited and Mahindra Manulife Trustee Private Limited. He also oversees the operations

of Mahindra Finance USA, LLC., a U.S. joint venture with De Lage Landen Financial Services Inc., (DLLFS) a wholly-owned

subsidiary of the Rabobank Group.

Mr. Iyer has been closely involved in the development of the Country’s dynamic Financial Services Sector. Mr. Iyer is the

Chairman of Finance Industry Development Council (FIDC) and the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) WR Task Force

Committee on Human Resources and also co-chairs the NBFC Committee of IMC Chamber of Commerce & Industry. He

is an active member on various committees like CII National Committee on Financial Inclusion and Digitisation, CII National

Committee on Leadership & HR, Banking & Finance Committee of the Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry (BCCI)

and the Taskforce of NBFCs of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI). He also serves on

the boards of several Mahindra Group companies.

Apart from being on the various bodies of the Financial Services Sector, Mr. Iyer is also on the Advisory Boards of various

Educational Institutions like IITB-Washington University, Vidyalankar Institute of Technology – School of Management,

WeSchools’ PGDM-Rural Management Committee and on the College Development Committee of Vivek College of

Commerce.

Mr. Ramesh Iyer is not debarred from holding the office of Director by virtue of any SEBI Order or any other such authority.

Mr. Ramesh Iyer is not related to any of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

Table 14 B

Name of Director

Mr. Amit Raje

Date of Birth

3rd July, 1973

Date of first appointment on the Board

18th September, 2020

Expertise in specific functional areas

Corporate Finance, Mergers & Acquisitions and Private Equity

Qualifications

Post graduate from Mumbai University and an MBA with a specialisation in Finance

& Private Equity from the London Business School.:

Managing Director in the Principal Investing Area of Goldman

Sachs. He was a Nominee Director of Goldman Sachs on the Boards of Noveltech Feeds Private Limited, Good Host Spaces

Private Limited and Global Consumer Products Private Limited. Mr. Amit Raje has cumulative experience of over 20 years

in Corporate Finance, Mergers & Acquisitions and Private Equity. Prior to Goldman Sachs, he worked with Kotak Investment

Advisors Limited, the alternate asset arm of Kotak Mahindra Bank, and Deloitte & Co., in the Transaction Advisory Services.

Mr. Amit Raje is not debarred from holding the office of Director by virtue of any SEBI Order or any other such authority.

Mr. Amit Raje is not related to any of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

Table 14 C

Name of Director

Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha

Date of Birth

5th July, 1973

Date of first appointment on the Board

23rd April, 2021

Expertise in specific functional areas

Financial analysis and Valuation, Strategy formulation, Organization transformation,

Value creation and operational excellence

Qualifications

Master of Business Administration: Finance and Strategic Management and

Bachelor of Engineering: Electrical & Electronics.

Directorships in Companies

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Mahindra First Choice Wheels Limited

Fifth Gear Ventures Limited

Mahindra Electric Mobility Limited

Membership of Committees in Public

Limited Companies

Audit Committee

Mahindra Electric Mobility Limited (Chairman)

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Mahindra First Choice Wheels Limited (Chairman)

Shareholding of the Director in the Company

NIL

Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha has been appointed by Mahindra & Mahindra Limited ("M&M"), the parent company, as President-

Group Strategy, effective 1st November, 2020. Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha is leading the Group Strategy Office and works

with the Group’s overall portfolio of businesses for growth over the short, medium and long-term. He also champions the

international council and helps coordinate international synergies across Americas, Asia Pacific and Africa. His portfolio

also includes the Risk and Economist functions. He is part of the Group Corporate Office Leadership Team.

Prior to joining M&M, Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha was a Senior Partner and Director with Bain & Company. Over 18 years at

Bain, he managed large-scale, multi-country strategy, organization, digital and performance improvement projects. He

also led numerous commercial due diligences and full potential portfolio strategy projects (post buyout) for leading Private

Equity funds across U.S., and India. Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha started his career with Tata Motors and worked with IGate Patni

(now Capgemini) in technology leadership roles in India, Singapore and U.S.:

Letter

of Indemnity in case of issue of duplicate dividend

warrant, Shareholders Information Updation Form,

etc., required to be executed by the Shareholders have

also been provided on the website of the Company.

The above information can be accessed on the

Company’s website at the web-link: https://

mahindrafinance.com/investor-zone/faqs.

Members can also provide their feedback on the

services provided by the Company and its Registrar &

Transfer Agents by participating in the ‘Shareholders

Satisfaction Survey’ hosted on the website of the

Company at https://mahindrafinance.com/investor-

zone/investor-information.

GENERAL BODY MEETINGS

Table 15 A: Details of last three Annual General Meetings and Special Resolutions passed

For the Financial

Year

Date

Time

Special Resolutions passed

Venue

2017 – 2018

27th July, 2018

3.30 p.m. (IST) None.

Rama & Sundri Watumull

Auditorium, Kishinchand

Chellaram College,

Dinshaw Wachha Road,

Churchgate, Mumbai –

400 020.

2018 – 2019

23rd July, 2019

3.30 p.m. (IST)

Re-appointment of Mr. Dhananjay Mungale as

an Independent Director, not liable to retire

by rotation, to hold office for a second term

commencing from 24th July, 2019 to 23rd July,

2024.

Re-appointment of Ms. Rama Bijapurkar as

an Independent Director, not liable to retire

by rotation, to hold office for a second term

commencing from 24th July, 2019 to 23rd July,

2024.

Increase in borrowing limits from Rs. 70,000

Crores to Rs. 80,000 Crores under Section

180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the

Act”) and creation of charge on the assets of

the Company under Section 180(1)(a) of the

Act.

Rama & Sundri Watumull

Auditorium, Kishinchand

Chellaram College,

Dinshaw Wachha Road,

Churchgate, Mumbai –

400 020.:

Managing Director.

OTHER DISCLOSURES

Disclosure in relation to recommendation made by

Committees of the Board

During the year under review, there were no such

recommendations made by any Committee of the Board

that were mandatorily required and not accepted by the

Board.

Details of utilisation of funds raised through Preferential

Allotment or Qualified Institutions Placement

During the year under review, your Company has not raised

funds through any Preferential Allotment or Qualified

Institutions Placement as specified under Regulation 32

(7A) of the Listing Regulations.

Total fees paid to the Statutory Auditors and all entities

in the network firm/entities

The details of total fees for all the services paid by the

Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis to

M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, Statutory

Auditors, Firm Registration No. 101248W/W-100022 and

all entities in the network firm/network entity of which the

Statutory Auditors are a part, are given below:

Rs. in Crores

Particulars

F.Y. 2020-21

Statutory Audit

1.28

Other Services including

reimbursement of expenses

0.72

Total

2.00

Disclosure in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women

at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act,

2013

Status of complaints for the Financial Year 2020-21 is as

follows:

a.

Number of complaints filed during the

financial year

2

b.

Number of complaints disposed off during

the financial year

2

c.

Number of complaints pending as at end of

the financial year

Nil

GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS INFORMATION

Pursuant to General Circular No. 20/2020 issued by

Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’) dated 5th May, 2020

read together with General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated 8th

April, 2020, 17/2020 dated 13th April, 2020 and 02/2021

dated 13th January, 2021 and SEBI Circular Nos. SEBI/HO/

CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated 12th May, 2020, and

SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/11 dated 15th January,

2021, respectively, companies are allowed to conduct their

AGM through video conferencing (VC) or other audio visual

means (OAVM) for the calendar year 2021. Accordingly, your

Company will be conducting the AGM through VC/OAVM

facility.

The detailed instructions for participation and voting at the

Meeting is available in the Notice of the 31st AGM. Members

can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 30 minutes before

the scheduled time of the commencement of the Meeting

by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice of AGM,

and this mode will be available throughout the proceedings

of the AGM.

In case of any query and/or help, in respect of attending the

AGM through VC/OAVM mode, Members may refer the Help

& Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and ‘AGM VC/OAVM’

user manual available at the download Section of https://

evoting.kfintech.com or contact at investorhelpline_

mmfsl@mahindra.com, or Mr. Suresh Babu D., Manager –

RIS, KFin Technologies Private Limited at Selenium,

Tower B, Plot No. 31-32, Gachibowli, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad -

500 032, Telangana or at the email ID: evoting@kfintech.com

or on Phone No.: 040-6716 2222 or call Toll Free No.: 1800-

309-4001 for any further clarifications.:

MANAGING DIRECTOR UNDER REGULATION 34(3)

READ WITH PARAGRAPH D OF SCHEDULE V OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE

BOARD OF INDIA (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS)

REGULATIONS, 2015

To,

The Members of

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

I, Ramesh Iyer, Vice-Chairman &: Managing Director of Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited declare that all

the Members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of

Conduct for the year ended 31st March, 2021.

For Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Ramesh Iyer

Vice-

Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of

the Company and Group Financial Services Sector of Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited (“the Company”),

to the best of our knowledge and belief certify that:

a)

We have reviewed the financial statements and the cash flow statement for the financial year ended 31st March,

2021 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

(i) these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact nor do they contain

statements that might be misleading;

(ii) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with

existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

b)

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which

are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct.

c)

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have

evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have

disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls,

if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

d)

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee that:

(i)

there have been no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during this year;

(ii)

there have been no significant changes in accounting policies during this year; and

(iii) there have been no instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein of

the management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial

reporting.

Ramesh Iyer

Vice-Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

Vivek Karve

Arnavaz Pardiwalla

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

Vivek Karve

Arnavaz Pardiwalla

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

Vivek Karve

Arnavaz Pardiwalla

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

Vivek Karve

Arnavaz Pardiwalla

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021:

Letter of Offer’.

The fresh allotment of equity shares through Rights Issue as stated above has resulted in an increase of equity share

capital by Rs.123.55 crores and securities premium reserve by Rs. 2,965.27 crores.

The share issue expenses of Rs.8.54 crores have been adjusted against securities premium reserve as per the

accounting policy.:

letter dated 19 April 2021, the Company has put in place a Board approved policy to

refund/ adjust the ‘interest on interest’ charged to borrowers during the moratorium period .i.e. 01 March 2020

to 31 August 2020. The Company has estimated the said amount and made a provision of Rs. 31.75 crores in

the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021.

(iii) In accordance with the regulatory expectation of the Reserve Bank of India to bring down the net NPA ratio

below 4%, which management has agreed with, the Company, has recorded an additional provision of Rs.1,320

crores on Stage 3 loans during the quarter and year ended 31 March 2021. Resultantly, the net NPA ratio of

the Company stands at 3.97 % as at 31 March 2021.

(iv) Definition of default

The Company considers a financial asset to be in "default" and therefore Stage 3 (credit impaired) for ECL

calculations when the borrower account becomes 90 days past due on its contractual payments except for

personal loans, where the Company has an early recognition norm of classification in to stage 3 on the basis of

overdue more than 30 days past due.:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

Vivek Karve

Arnavaz Pardiwalla

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

Vivek Karve

Arnavaz Pardiwalla

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

Vivek Karve

Arnavaz Pardiwalla

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

Vivek Karve

Arnavaz Pardiwalla

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

Vivek Karve

Arnavaz Pardiwalla

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021:

Letter of Offer’.

The fresh allotment of equity shares through Rights Issue as stated above has resulted in an increase of equity share

capital by Rs.123.55 crores and securities premium reserve by Rs. 2,965.27 crores.

The share issue expenses of Rs.8.58 crores been adjusted against securities premium reserve as per the accounting

policy.

Increase in the Authorised Share Capital of the Company :

In view of Rights Issue and pursuant to the consent accorded by passing Special Resolutions by the Shareholders of

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited at the Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) held on Tuesday, 30th

June, 2020, the Authorised Share Capital of the Company has been increased from Rs. 190.00 Crores divided into

70,00,00,000 (Seventy Crores) Equity Shares of Rs. 2 (Rupees Two) each of the Company and 50,00,000 (Fifty Lakhs)

Redeemable Preference Shares of Rs. 100 (Rupees Hundred) each of the Company to Rs. 550.00 Crores divided into

250,00,00,000 (Two Hundred Fifty Crores) Equity Shares of Rs. 2 (Rupees Two) each of the Company and 50,00,000

(Fifty Lakhs) Redeemable Preference Shares of Rs. 100 (Rupees Hundred) each of the Company.

41 Transactions in the nature of change in ownership in other entities

Transactions pertaining to year ended 31 March 2021:

i)

The Company, on 21 June 2019, along with Mahindra Asset Management Company Private Limited (MAMCPL)

and Mahindra Trustee Company Private Limited (MTCPL), then wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, had

entered in to a share subscription agreement and shareholders' agreement to form a 51:49 Joint Venture with

Manulife Asset Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Manulife).

The transaction was settled on 29 April 2020 in accordance with share subscription and shareholders'

agreements to acquire a 49% stake in MIAMCPL and MTCPL by Manulife. Accordingly, Manulife has made a fresh

equity investment infusion aggregating to US $ 35.00 million to acquire 42% of the share capital of MAMCPL

& MTCPL. The said agreements have also provided for sale of certain number of equity shares of MAMCPL by

MMFSL at an agreed valuation within the overall stake divestment of 49% to Manulife. Accordingly, under the

sale transaction, 1,47,00,000 equity shares of MAMCPL, equivalent to 7% of the fully paid up equity share capital

of MAMCPL, for a consideration of Rs. 2080.10 crores (equivalent to USD 2.73 million), have been transferred

in dematerialized form to Manulife.

Consequent to the above, the shareholding of the Company in MAMCPL and MTCPL has come down from 100%

to 51% of the fully paid up equity share capital. The erstwhile names of MAMCPL and MTCPL have been changed

to Mahindra Manulife Investment Management Private Limited (MMIMPL) and Mahindra Manulife Trustee Private

Limited (MMTPL), respectively. In the Consolidated financial statements, effective from the quarter ended 30

June 2020, MMIMPL and MMTPL have been consolidated as joint ventures under equity method of accounting.

On this sale transaction, the Company had recognized a pre-tax profit of Rs.228.54 crores on a consolidated

basis and the same has been disclosed as exceptional item in the statement of profit and loss for the year ended

31 March 2021.

Transactions pertaining to previous year ended 31 March 2020:

i)

Pursuant to the offer made by National Housing Bank (NHB), the Board of Directors of the Company, at its

meeting held on 27 March 2019, had approved the acquisition of 1,18,91,511 equity shares of Rs.10/- each of

Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited, a subsidiary of the Company, at a premium of Rs. 231.16, for cash,

aggregating to Rs. 286.78 crores. During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Company had settled the entire

amount of obligation as per the terms and conditions of the agreement.:

letter dated 19 April 2021, the respective companies in the Group has put in place a

Board approved policy to refund/ adjust the ‘interest on interest’ charged to borrowers during the moratorium

period .i.e. 01 March 2020 to 31 August 2020. The Group has estimated the said amount and made a provision

of Rs. 31.84 crores in the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021.

(iii) In accordance with the regulatory expectation of the Reserve Bank of India to bring down the net NPA ratio

below 4%, which management has agreed with, the Company, has recorded an additional provision of Rs.1,320

crores on Stage 3 loans during the quarter and year ended 31 March 2021. Resultantly, the net NPA ratio of

the Company stands at 3.97 % as at 31 March 2021.

(iv) Definition of default

The Group considers a financial asset to be in "default" and therefore Stage 3 (credit impaired) for ECL calculations

when the borrower becomes 90 days past due on its contractual payments except for personal loans, where

the Company has an early recognition norm of classification in to stage 3 on the basis of overdue more than 30

days past due.

(v) Exposure at default

"Exposure at Default" (EAD) represents the gross carrying amount of the assets subject to impairment calculation.

Future Expected Cash flows (Principal and Interest) for future years has been used as exposure for Stage 2.

(vi) Estimations and assumptions considered in the ECL model

The Group has made the following assumptions in the ECL Model:

a)

"Loss given default" (LGD) is common for all three Stages and is based on loss in past portfolio. Actual cash

flows are discounted at loan EIR rate for arriving loss rate.

b)

"Probability of Default" (PD) is applied on Stage 1 and Stage 2 on portfolio basis and for Stage 3 PD at

100%. This is calculated as an average of the last 60 months yearly movement of default rates and future

adjustment for macro economic factor.

(vii) Measurement of ECL

ECL is measured as follows:

-

financial assets that are not credit impaired at the reporting date: for Stage 1, gross exposure is multiplied

by PD and LGD percentage to arrive at the ECL. For Stage 2, future Expected Cash flows (Principal and

Interest) for respective future years is multiplied by respective years Marginal PDs and LGD percentage

and thus arrived ECL is then discounted with the respective loan EIR to calculate the present value of ECL.

In addition, in case of Bills discounting and Channel finance, as the average lifetime is of 90 days, a time to

maturity factor of 0.25 is used in the ECL computation.

-

financial assets that are credit impaired at the reporting date: the difference between the gross exposure

at reporting date and computed carrying amount considering EAD net of LGD and actual cash flows till

reporting date;:

Managing Director to be key management personnel for the purposes of IND AS 24 Related Party Disclosures.

Rs. in crores

Name of the KMP

Nature of transactions

31 March 2021

31 March 2020

Mr. Ramesh Iyer (Vice-Chairman & Managing

Director)

Gross Salary including perquisites

4.69

4.70

Commission

1.28

1.64

Stock Option

0.90

0.07

Others - Contribution to Funds

0.31

0.30

7.18

6.71

Mr. V. Ravi (Executive Director & Chief Financial

Officer)

(Retired w.e.f. 24 July 2020)

Gross Salary including perquisites

2.36

2.42

Commission

0.76

0.95

Stock Option

0.50

-

Others - Contribution to Funds

-

0.09

3.62

3.46:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

Vivek Karve

Arnavaz Pardiwalla

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: 23 April 2021:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

Vivek Karve

Arnavaz Pardiwalla

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place : Mumbai

Date : 23 April 2021:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

Vivek Karve

Arnavaz Pardiwalla

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place : Mumbai

Date : 23 April 2021:

