Letter to Shareholders

01

Profile

04

Notice of Annual General Meeting

05

Board’s Report

22

Management Discussion and Analysis

39

Business Responsibility Report

52

Corporate Governance Report

59

Auditors’ Certificate on Corporate governance

78

Investor Information

80

Dividend Policy

86

Independent Auditors’ Report on the Financial statement

88

Statement of Assets & Liabilities

95

Statement of Profit and Loss

96

Statement of Cash Flow

97

Statement of changes in Equity

99

Notes to the Financial Statement

106

Independent Auditors Report on the

Consolidated Financial statement

133

Consolidated Statement of Assets & Liabilities

140

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

141

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow

142

Consolidated Statement of changes in Equity

144

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

151

Form AOC-1

180:

Letter to Shareholders: Letter to Shareholders

Dear Shareholders,

Greetings!

Throughout our existence NAM India has been prepared

for change well before there was a need. We realised that

a crisis is not the best time to charter a new course for

an organisation; but to fall back on values, mission, and

vision as the lodestar to steer our way out of challenges.

So, much before the pandemic unfolded last year, we, at

NAM India, were aggressively working towards building

Digital Leadership, strengthening our Board, and bringing

a sharper focus on environment, societal and governance

(ESG) factors to fulfil our commitment to you, our investors:

To consistently create a better future.

As a testament to your faith and our credibility among

domestic and foreign investors, we launched multiple new

funds during the year, including the Multi Asset Fund, which

grew to be one the largest digital NFOs in FY2021. This

wouldn’t have been possible without our process-driven

approach that enables us to prudently weigh opportunities

against risk. In May 2020, NAM India’s Board decided that

all NIMF schemes will make new investments in only AA and

above rated issuers. We will take more such decisions fortified

by the insights from our Board. Last year, NAM India inducted

new board members – Mr Yutaka Ideguchi, Mr Parekh Ashvin

and Mr B Sriram – who bring with them decades of experience

in international operations, oversight, credit & risk, and other

critical operational aspects. Our professional board will help

us in our quest to be India’s responsible corporate citizen

with the highest principles and strong corporate governance.

They will help us be future ready and capture opportunities

as we march ahead to create a more secure world for our

investors.

A Milestone Year for NAM India

While the global health crisis made 2020 unprecedented,

for us at NAM India, it has been a milestone year for all the

right reasons. We, as Nippon Life India Asset Management

(NAM India), celebrated the first full year with Nippon Life

Insurance (NLI) as the principal shareholder. This relationship

is a matter of great pride and a source of strength for us,

as it fuses NLI’s global dominance with NAM India’s deep

understanding of the Indian investor market, even beyond

big cities. We acquired 350 new institutional investors and

over 9 lakh unique investors in just the last year - a huge

testament to the acceptance of the new brand. We are also

proud to announce that NAM India received the mandate to

manage the investments of Post Office Life Insurance Fund

and Rural Post Office Life Insurance Fund, becoming the

only private AMC in the country to have ever received such

a mandate. NAM India manages over INR 1.2 lakh crore on

account of government mandates.

Orchestrating Tomorrow through technology and a

sharper focus on ESG

Due to our digital preparedness, we quickly brought in bring

in 100% operational efficiency ever since the first lockdown.

Our digital preparedness and strong roots in the industry

enabled us to assuage investor fears and communicate

effectively. We conducted over 500 online training sessions

for our 78,400 distributors spread across the length and

breadth of the country; engaged with our partners to

ensure they are fully equipped to guide investors through

uncertainties. We have also ensured our leadership stays

connected with our employees through the #Connect2Care

initiative and portfolio managers stay connected with even

offshore investors via the 400+ calls and webinars conducted

over the last year.

Digital leaders in a Post-COVID World

In collaboration with our 20+ digital partners, we have built

a robust digital ecosystem that allows fast, secure payments

and processes across the investor journey.

•

Over 50% of our purchases have been executed through

digital assets

•

New digital SIP purchases grew over 60%

Letter to Shareholders

Letter to Shareholders

I would like to express my immense gratitude to my

leadership team, our Board and our employees who not

only helped us stay resilient in the face of the pandemic but

also helped shape NAM India into one of the largest asset

management companies in the country. It is through your

sheer determination and passion that we have come this far.

We are extremely proud of our dedicated workforce,

17% of whom are women holding key positions across

the organisation. To create an enabling environment that

supports our super women achievers, we provided last

trimester travel allowances to mom-to-be employees, creche

allowance for two years after completing post-maternity

leaves, a Sabbatical Policy to improve work-life balance.

We also continue to enable our employees through skill

enhancement training so they can be future-ready and

always deliver on their promise of excellence.

With our employees’ help and generosity, we were able

to contribute INR 105 million to the PM CARES Fund and

Maharashtra CM Relief Fund for COVID-19 relief. Also, we

contributed INR 25 million to the Army Central Welfare Fund

to support our beloved army veterans and war widows.

Striving for Shared Value through Corporate Stewardship

A company can only grow through collaboration and mutual

understanding. As one of the largest asset management

companies in India, with various stratums of stakeholders,

we consider it our duty to contribute to India’s financial clout

and further its growth.

We strive to offer better deals for our shareholders through

proper utilisation of our position in the financial system.

This has led us to focus on a relatively new area of corporate

stewardship. Under this, we aim to fulfil our fiduciary duties

while simultaneously serving our unitholders’ interest to the

best of our abilities.

Internal Governance

In line with our fiduciary responsibility, we intend to use our

voting rights to enhance value creation for the unitholders

and the investee companies. I believe in the value of co-

creation between unitholders and investees, and what better

way to achieve it than through continuous dialogue with our

investee companies.

Your company has utilised Alternative Investment Funds to

invest in different sectors and as of March 2021, has raised

commitments of over INR 3,700 crore across different funds.

Our fundraising initiative is underway for domestic investors

as well as offshore institutional investors.

External Governance

Our stewardship committee strives to avoid conflicts of

interest where possible. In case conflicts arise, we attempt

to identify, disclose, and carefully manage them. This policy

is followed to respond to any breaches. Through our recently

launched AIF scheme – Nippon India Equity Opportunities,

your company aims to fund start-ups along with its

investment in various financial sectors of India. Through our

investment and corporate stewardship policies, we hope to

provide support to all sections of the Indian economy – from

large scale operations to start ups and small businesses.

As I expressed in my: Letter to Shareholders’ last year, we

are invested in technology and deriving benefits through

process and tech-driven investments. And we will continue

to orchestrate a tomorrow with digital leadership that will

be mutually beneficial to us, and our investors and partners,

and set a standard that will prove to be instrumental in the

growth and progress of our country.

Lastly, I am grateful for the never-ending trust and confidence

that you, our valued stakeholders have always put into us.

These are unpredictable times, but we believe our strong

corporate governance, Board oversight and continued

momentum in ESG will prepare us for the future and help us

tap the tremendous opportunities that abound.

Thank you for the faith in us, and I wish you and your families

remain safe and in good health.

letter etc. with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies)

who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer

by e-mail to siroyam@gmail.com with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2. It is strongly recommended not to share

your password with any other person and

take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-voting website

will be disabled upon five unsuccessful

attempts to key in the correct password. In

such an event, you will need to go through

the

“Forgot

User

Details/Password?”

or

“Physical

User

Reset

Password?”

option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset

the password.

3. In case of any queries relating to e-voting,

you

may

refer

the

Frequently

Asked

Questions

(FAQs)

for

Shareholders

and

e-voting

user

manual

for

Shareholders

available

at

the

download

section

of

www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free

no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or

send a request to Mr. Amit Vishal, Senior

Manager- NSDL at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

4. Members may send a request to evoting@

nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password

for e-voting by providing demat account

number / Folio number, client master or

copy of Consolidated Account statement,

PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN

card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy

of Aadhar Card). If you are an Individual

shareholder

holding

securities

in

demat

mode, you are requested to refer to the

login method explained above.:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors take pleasure in presenting their 26th Annual Report on the business and operations of your Company, together

with the audited ﬁnancial statements, for the year ended March 31, 2021.

Your Company endeavors to remain one of the leading players in the Asset Management business in India and keep enhancing

its global footprint as well.

Your Company is a subsidiary Company of Nippon Life Insurance Company (“NLI”). NLI, a fortune 500 Company and which is one

of the largest life insurers in the world managing assets of over USD 700 bn. NLI has a large global network with presence across

US, Europe, Asia, and Australia along with a 130-year track record in Life Insurance business as well as global investments across

Asset Management companies. This pedigree brings strong synergistic beneﬁts that very well complements your Company’s

domestic expertise in Asset Management business and provides a thrust to its signiﬁcant growth potential. Your Company

expects substantial upside in terms of increased AUM & adoption of best governance & risk management practices based on

NLI’s global positioning & relationships.

Your Company acts as the Asset Management Company of Nippon India Mutual Fund and it happens to be the largest foreign

owned Asset Management Company in India.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND STATE OF COMPANY’S AFFAIRS

The standalone and consolidated ﬁnancial statements of the Company for the ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 2021, have

been prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notiﬁed under Section 133 of the Companies Act,

2013 (the Act) [Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015] and other relevant provisions of the Act. The ﬁnancial

highlights (on a consolidated and standalone basis) of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2021 are as follows:

(` Crores)

Description

Consolidated

Standalone

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Year ended

March31,2021

Year ended

March 31,2020

Gross Income

1419.34

1193.21

1325.66

1134.29

Proﬁt before exceptional item and tax

877.03

559.81

842.92

561.39

Exceptional Items

-

-

-

-

Profit Before tax

877.03

559.81

842.92

561.39

Current Tax

157.41

142.36

151.51

142.73

Deferred Tax

40.22

1.69

42.02

6.36

Proﬁt for the year

679.40

415.76

649.39

412.30

Share of Proﬁt from Associates

0.94

(0.51)

-

-

Proﬁt attributable to non-controlling

interest

-

-

-

-

Other Comprehensive Income

0.72

(2.40)

0.72

(2.34)

Balance carried to Balance Sheet

681.06

412.85

650.11

409.96

Basic EPS of ` 10 each

11.04

6.78

10.53

6.74

Diluted EPS of ` 10 each

10.90

6.69

10.41

6.65

The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company are forming part of this Annual Report.

The annual accounts of all the subsidiary companies will be placed on the website of the Company.:

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this

report.

Other statutes, Acts, Laws, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines

and Standards etc., as applicable to the Company are given

below:

(i)

Labour Laws and other incidental laws related to

employees appointed by the Company either on its

payroll or on contractual basis as related to wages,

gratuity, provident fund, ESIC, compensation etc.;

(ii)

Acts as prescribed under Direct Tax and Indirect Tax;

(iii) Stamp Acts and Registration Acts of respective States;

(iv) Labour Welfare Act of respective States; and

(v)

Such other Local laws etc. as may be applicable in respect

of various offices of the Company.

We further report that the Board of the Company is duly

constituted with proper balance of Executive Director,

Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The

changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that

took place during the period under review were carried out

in compliance with the provisions of the Act. During the

year, (i) Mr. Minoru Kimura, Associate Director had resigned

from the directorship of the Company w.e.f. June 8, 2020, (ii)

Mr. Kazuyuki Saigo was appointed as an Associate Director

w.e.f. June 8, 2020, (iii) Mr. Ashvin Parekh was appointed

as an Independent Director to hold office for a term of 5

(ﬁve) years w.e.f. August 1, 2020, and (iv) Mr. Mahadevan

Veeramony, Independent Director, had resigned from the

directorship of the Company w.e.f. August 1, 2020.

Adequate notice was given to all the Directors to schedule the

Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were

sent at least seven days in advance, and a system exists for

seeking and obtaining further information and clariﬁcations

on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful

participation & deliberations at these meeting.

During the period under review, decisions were carried

through unanimously and no dissenting views were observed,

while reviewing the minutes.

We further report that there are adequate systems and

processes in the Company commensurate with the size and

operations of the Company in order to monitor and ensure

compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and

guidelines.

We further report that during the audit period the Company

has undertaken following signiﬁcant & material corporate

events/actions having a bearing on the Company’s affairs

in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations,

guidelines, standards, etc:

(i)

The Members of the Company vide their ordinary

resolution passed by way of postal ballot on October

27, 2020 approved re-classiﬁcation of Reliance Capital

Limited's shareholding from Promoter and Promoter

Group' to 'Public' Category.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The veriﬁcation was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reﬂected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis

for our opinion.

3.

We have not veriﬁed the correctness and appropriateness of ﬁnancial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management’s representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of the

management. Our examination was limited to the veriﬁcation of the procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

7.

In view of the ongoing restrictions/advisories issued by the Government of India/Maharashtra to contain the spread of

Covid-19 pandemic on the movement of people, we have relied on electronic data for veriﬁcation of the Company books,

papers, minute books, forms and returns ﬁled, and other records maintained by the Company.

For M Siroya and Company

Company Secretaries

Mukesh Siroya

Proprietor

FCS No.: 5682

CP No.: 4157

UDIN.: F005682C000186192

Date: April 27,2021

Place: Mumbai:

letter & spirit) and strictly follow

the ethical principles that govern business. The Company is

fully seized of the stated regulatory requirements and it thus

endeavours and strives to remain ahead of the curve in so

far as matters of compliance and governance are concerned.

Interests of its unit holders, shareholders and other relevant

stakeholders are always kept at the forefront while taking

decisions with respect to business planning and execution.

The Board of Directors of the Company as well as that of the

Trustee company also have a strong sense and flair towards

compliance and governance standards. Matters of compliance

and governance are given undivided and focussed attention

at the meetings of the Board. In addition to this, the Company

continues to keep improving upon its underlying policies,

documentation and internal processes through a seasoned

and experienced in-house Compliance Team, which has an

independent line of reporting to the Board.

X. RISKS AND CONCERNS

NAM India is exposed to specific risks that are particular

to its businesses and the environment within which it

operates, including credit risk, operational risk, competition

risk, regulatory risk, human resource risk, execution risk,

information security risks, cyber security risks and macro-

economic risks.

Competition risk

The financial sector industry is becoming increasingly

competitive and the Company’s growth will depend

on its ability to compete effectively. The Company’s

main competitors are Domestic Mutual Funds, Portfolio

Management Services and Alternate Investment Funds.

Further liberalisation of the Indian financial sector could lead

to a greater presence or entry of new foreign asset managers

offering a wider range of products and services. This could

significantly toughen the competitive environment. The

Company’s strong brand image, wide distribution network,

diversified product offering and quality of management

places it in a strong position to deal with competition

effectively.

Market risk

The Company has quoted & unquoted investments in equity,

debt & mutual funds which are exposed to fluctuations in the

prices of underlying assets.

Credit Risk

The Company has quoted and unquoted investments in

bonds and debt oriented mutual funds; thus the risk arising

out of default or failure on the part of borrowers in meeting

their financial obligations towards repayment of principal:

Managing Director & CEO, IDBI Bank Ltd. from June

30, 2018 to September 29, 2018.

•: Managing

Director's fees allowances and expenses

0.54

0.37

Auditor's fees and expenses

0.33

0.36

Expected credit loss (ECL)

(0.19)

(8.58)

Net loss on foreign currency transactions and translations

0.07

(0.38)

Miscellaneous expenses

2.18

1.98

Total

184.92

217.96

a)

Breakup of Auditors’ remuneration

(` in crore)

Particulars

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Audit fees

0.23

0.18

Certification matters

0.10

0.18

Out of pocket expenses

0.01

0.01

Total

0.33

0.37:

Director's fees allowances and expenses

0.64

0.43

Auditor's fees and expenses

0.68

0.65

Net loss on foreign currency transactions and translations

0.34

(0.56)

Expected credit loss (ECL)

0.02

(9.31)

Miscellaneous expenses

3.27

2.47

Total

190.06

221.67:

