letter dated August 24, 2021 inter-alia, regarding convening the

Seventy Eighth (78th) Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Members of RBL Bank Limited (“the Bank”)

on Tuesday, September 21, 2021 at 11:30 a.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Video

Means (“VC/ OAVM”).

Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 34(1) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), we hereby submit the

Integrated Annual Report including the Business Responsibility Report of the Bank along with the Notice

of 78th AGM for the financial year 2020-21, which is being sent through electronic mode to the Members

whose email addresses are registered with the Bank/Depository Participant(s).

Further, in terms of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies

(Management & Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended), the Bank has fixed Tuesday, September 14,

2021 as the cut-off date to determine the eligibility of the members to cast their vote by electronic means

& e-Voting during the 78th AGM scheduled to be held on Tuesday, September 21, 2021 through

VC/OAVM.

The Notice of the 78th AGM and the Integrated Annual Report for the financial year 2020-21 are also

being uploaded on the website of the Bank at www.rblbank.com.

You are requested to take the same on your record.

Thanking you.

Yours faithfully,

For RBL Bank Limited

Niti Arya

Company Secretary

CC:

National

Securities

Depository Limited

4th floor, ‘A’ Wing, Trade

World,

Kamala

Mills

Compound, Senapati Bapat

Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai –

400013.

Central Depository Services

(India) Limited

Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill

Compounds,

A-Wing,

25th

floor, N M Joshi

Marg,

Lower

Parel

(East),

Mumbai - 400013.

Link Intime India Private

Limited

C-101, 247 Park, L.B.S. Marg,

Vikhroli (West), Mumbai –

400083.

BSE Limited,

1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,

Dalal Street,

Mumbai – 400001.

Scrip Code: 540065

National Stock Exchange of India Limited,

'Exchange Plaza', C-1 Block G,

Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)

Mumbai – 400051.

Scrip Symbol: RBLBANK:

Managing Director & CEO,

Executive Director, Head – Strategy and Chief Financial Officer

of the Bank, be and are hereby severally/jointly authorised to

take all such steps as may be necessary, proper and expedient

to give effect to this resolution.”

SPECIAL BUSINESS:

5.

To approve the appointment of Mr. Vimal Bhandari

(DIN: 00001318) as Non-Executive Non Independent

Director of the Bank.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution

as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152

and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013,

read with the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of

Directors) Rules, 2014; applicable regulations of the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing

Regulations”); Section 10A and other applicable provisions

of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and the rules, guidelines

and circulars issued by the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) in this

RBL BANK LIMITED

CIN: L65191PN1943PLC007308

Reg. Office: 1st Lane, Shahupuri, Kolhapur - 416 001

Tel: +91 231 6650214 l Fax: +91 231 2657386

Website: www.rblbank.com | Email: investorgrievances@rblbank.com:

Managing Director & CEO,

Executive Director, Head - Strategy, Chief Financial Officer and

Company Secretary of the Bank, be and are hereby severally/

jointly authorised to execute all such agreements, documents,

instruments and writings as deemed necessary, file requisite

forms or applications with RBI, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or

any other statutory/regulatory authorities, with the power to

settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise, in this

regard, as he/she may in its sole and absolute discretion deem

fit and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be

considered necessary and appropriate and to delegate all or

any of its powers herein conferred to any Director(s)/Officer(s)

of the Bank, to give effect to this resolution.”

6.

To approve the appointment of Dr. Somnath Ghosh

(DIN: 00401253) as Non-Executive Independent Director of

the Bank.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution

as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections

149, 152 and other applicable provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013

and the Rules made thereunder; applicable regulations of the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing

Regulations”); Section 10A of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949

and the rules, guidelines and circulars issued by the Reserve

Bank of India (“RBI”) in this regard from time to time; any

other applicable laws (including any statutory amendment(s),

modification(s), variation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the

time being in force) and Articles of Association of RBL Bank

Limited (the “Bank”), Dr. Somnath Ghosh (DIN: 00401253) who

was appointed as (Additional) Non-Executive Independent

Director of the Bank by the Board of Directors, basis the

recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee of the Board with effect from December 7, 2020

and who holds office as such upto the date of this Annual

General Meeting, be and is hereby appointed as Non-Executive

Independent Director of the Bank, for a period of 5 (five) years

i.e. from December 7, 2020 to December 6, 2025 AND THAT he

shall not be liable to retire by rotation during the said period, in

terms of the provisions of Section 149(13) of the Companies

Act, 2013.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO,

Executive Director, Head - Strategy, Chief Financial Officer

and Company Secretary of the Bank, be and are hereby

severally/jointly authorised to execute all such agreements,

documents, instruments and writings as deemed necessary,

file requisite forms or applications with RBI, Ministry

of Corporate Affairs or any other statutory/regulatory

authorities, with the power to settle all questions, difficulties

or doubts that may arise, in this regard, as he/she may in its

sole and absolute discretion deem fit and to do all such acts,

deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary

and appropriate and to delegate all or any of its powers

herein conferred to any Director(s)/Officer(s) of the Bank, to

give effect to this resolution.”

9.

To approve the re-appointment of Mr. Prakash Chandra

(DIN: 02839303) as Non-Executive Independent Director

of the Bank.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution

as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections

149, 152, Schedule IV and other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Rules

made thereunder (the “Act”), the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “SEBI Listing

Regulations”), Section 10A and other relevant provisions of

the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, and the rules, guidelines

and circulars issued by the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”),

from time to time and any other applicable laws (including

any statutory amendment(s), modification(s), variation(s)

or re-enactment(s) thereto, for the time being in force), the

provisions of the Articles of Association of RBL Bank Limited

(the “Bank”) and pursuant to the recommendations of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of

Directors of the Bank, Mr. Prakash Chandra (DIN: 02839303)

whose initial term as an Independent Director of the Bank

expires on September 5, 2021 and who meets the criteria

of independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the

Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations

and who is eligible to be reappointed as an Independent

Director of the Bank, be and is hereby reappointed as an

Independent Director of the Bank, for the second term with

effect from September 6, 2021 upto August 2, 2024 AND

THAT he shall not be liable to retire by rotation, during the

said period, in terms of the provisions of Section 149(13) of

the Act;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the: Managing Director &

CEO, Executive Director, Head - Strategy, Chief Financial

Officer and Company Secretary of the Bank, be and are

hereby severally/jointly authorised to execute all such

agreements, documents, instruments and writings as

deemed necessary, file requisite forms or applications with

RBI, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any other statutory/

regulatory authorities, with the power to settle all questions,

difficulties or doubts that may arise, in this regard, as he/she

may in its sole and absolute discretion deem fit and to do all

such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered

necessary and appropriate and to delegate all or any of its

powers herein conferred to any Director(s)/Officer(s) of the

Bank, to give effect to this resolution.”

10. To approve re-appointment and revision in remuneration of

Mr. Prakash Chandra (DIN: 02839303) as Non–Executive

(Part-Time)

Managing Director & CEO,

Executive Director, Head – Human Resources, CSR and

Internal Branding, Head – Strategy, Chief Financial Officer and

Company Secretary of the Bank be and are hereby severally/

jointly authorised to execute all such agreements, documents,

instruments and writings as deemed necessary, file requisite

forms or applications with statutory/regulatory authorities,

with the power to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts

that may arise, in this regard, as he/she may in its sole and

absolute discretion deem fit and to do all such acts, deeds,

matters and things as may be considered necessary and

appropriate and to delegate all or any of its powers herein

conferred to any Director(s)/Officer(s) of the Bank, to give

effect to this Resolution.”

11. To approve the re-appointment of Mr. Ishan Raina

(DIN: 00151951) as Non-Executive Independent Director of

the Bank.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution

as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149,

152, Schedule IV and other applicable provisions, if any, of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with the Rules made thereunder

(the “Act”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (the “SEBI Listing Regulations”), Section 10A and other

relevant provisions of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, and

the rules, guidelines and circulars issued by the Reserve Bank

of India (“RBI”), from time to time and any other applicable

laws (including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s),

variation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereto, for the time being in

force), the provisions of the Articles of Association of RBL Bank

Limited (the “Bank”) and pursuant to the recommendations of

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of

Directors of the Bank, Mr. Ishan Raina (DIN: 00151951) whose

initial term as Non-Executive Independent Director of the Bank

expires on September 5, 2021 and who meets the criteria of

independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Act

and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and

who is eligible to be reappointed as an Independent Director

of the Bank, be and is hereby reappointed as an Independent

Director of the Bank, for the second term with effect from

September 6, 2021 upto April 29, 2024 i.e. till the completion

of his 8 continuous years as Director on the Board of the Bank,

under Section 10A(2A) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949

AND THAT he shall not be liable to retire by rotation, during the

said period, in terms of the provisions of Section 149(13) of

the Act;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the: Managing

letter

etc.

together

with

attested

specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory

who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer

and to the Company at the email address viz;

investorgrievances@rblbank.com, if they have

voted from individual tab & not uploaded same

in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to

verify the same.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS ATTENDING THE

AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E-VOTING DURING MEETING

ARE AS UNDER:

1.

The procedure for attending meeting & e-Voting on the day

of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for

Remote e-voting.

2.

The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available where

the EVSN of Company will be displayed after successful login

as per the instructions mentioned above for Remote e-voting.

3.

Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be

eligible to attend the meeting. However, they will not be eligible

to vote at the AGM.

4.

Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops / IPads for better experience.

5.

Further shareholders will be required to allow Camera and use

Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the

meeting.

6.

Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices

or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot

may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their

respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable

Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid

glitches.

7.

Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask

questions during the meeting may register themselves

as a speaker by sending their request in advance atleast

7 days prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat

account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at

investorgrievances@rblbank.com. The shareholders who do

not wish to speak during the AGM but have queries may send

their queries in advance 7 days prior to meeting mentioning

their name, demat account number/folio number, email id,

mobile number at investorgrievances@rblbank.com. These

queries will be replied to by the company suitably by email.:

letter dated July 20, 2021 has approved

their appointment as the Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank. In

accordance with the requirement of the aforesaid RBI Guidelines,

the Bank has also framed a Board approved Policy on appointment

of Statutory Auditors and has also identified an internal set of

evaluation criteria for assessing the goodness of fit in terms of

experience and eligibility for the audit firms including auditor

independence.

M/s. CNK & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants established

in the year 1936, offers services in the areas of statutory audits,

internal/ management audits and information systems audits,

taxation - both direct and indirect and transaction advisory services.

They assembled from diverse backgrounds, comprising of over

450 personnel and specializing in respective service lines, and has

worked alongside companies/entities of all sizes.

The headquarter of the Firm is in Mumbai with branches at Vadodara,

Chennai and Bengaluru and associate firms at Ahmedabad,

Gandhinagar & Delhi (together referred to as CNK), they cater to

clients across several geographies and service lines. They also have

2 offices in United Arab Emirates (in Dubai and Sharjah) to cater to

clients in the Middle Eastern region.

They have experience in the Banking, Financial Services and

Insurance (BFSI) sector providing audit/non-audit and consultancy

services to private, public and foreign banks.

The terms and conditions of the Joint Statutory Auditors,

including their remuneration, shall be as may be determined and

recommended by the Audit Committee of the Board in consultation

with the Joint Statutory Auditors and approved by the Board of

Directors of the Bank. The remuneration paid to the Joint Statutory

Auditors would depend on the scope of work and commensurate

efforts involved.

Your Directors, therefore, recommend the Ordinary Resolution,

as set forth in Item No. 4 of this Notice, for the approval of the

Members.

None of the Directors or the Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank

and their relatives are in any way financially or otherwise concerned

or interested in the passing of this Ordinary Resolution as set out at

Item No. 4 of this Notice.

Item No. 5:

To

approve

the

appointment

of

Mr.

Vimal

Bhandari

(DIN: 00001318) as Non-Executive Non Independent Director of

the Bank.

Pursuant to the recommendations of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee of Board (the “NRC”), the Board of

Directors (the “Board”) of the Bank, approved the appointment of

Mr. Vimal Bhandari as (Additional) Non-Executive Non Independent

Director of the Bank, with effect from October 1, 2020. Pursuant to

the provisions of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”),

read with the Articles of Association of the Bank, he continues to

hold office as (Additional) Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

of the Bank upto the date of this Annual General Meeting (AGM).

The NRC and the Board has determined that Mr. Vimal Bhandari is

a fit and proper person to be appointed as a Director of the Bank, as

per the norms prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India (the “RBI”).

In terms of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Vimal Bhandari

is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director and has

given his consent to act as a Director of the Bank. As per the

recommendations of the NRC, the Board is of the opinion that he

fulfils the conditions for the said appointment as prescribed under

the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the

Rules made thereunder, the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the Bank.

Since his association with the Bank as: Managing

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer of the Bank from R 174.76 Lakhs per annum to

R 190.53 Lakhs per annum with effect from June 30, 2020 and grant

of Performance Bonus/ Incentive of R 75.00 Lakhs for FY 2019-20.

The performance bonus / incentive of R 75.00 Lakhs for FY 2019-20

has been paid post requisite RBI approvals. However, the MD & CEO

on his own volition, on the grounds of the general distress due to

Covid, with its attendant impact on financial position of the Bank and

the need to conserve resources, has requested the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee of the Board (“the NRC”) to offer him no

increment in fixed pay for the period w.e.f. June 30, 2020 until June

29, 2021 and no variable pay for FY 2021. The NRC considered and

agreed to the request of the MD & CEO to not effect any increment in

fixed pay w.e.f. June 30, 2020 upto June 29, 2021 nor consider any

variable pay for FY 2020-21.

The Board of Directors at their meeting held on January 18, 2021

were unanimous in recognizing the dramatic transformation and

significant progress of the Bank over the last several years on

multiple financial and business parameters, under Mr. Ahuja’s

able stewardship, as also very courageously handling challenges

posed by Covid since March, 2020. Thus, the Board of the Bank at

its meeting held on January 18, 2021, on the recommendations of

the NRC had approved the reappointment of Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja as: Managing Director and CEO, subject to the approval of the RBI and

Members of the Bank. The Bank has received approval from RBI vide

letter dated June 03, 2021 for reappointment of Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja

as the Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (“MD & CEO”) of

the Bank, not liable to retire by rotation, for a period of one (1) year,

effective June 30, 2021 to June 29, 2022.

The NRC has determined that Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja is a fit and proper

person to be appointed as Managing Director of the Bank, as per the

norms prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India (the “RBI”).

In terms of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013,

Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja is not disqualified from being appointed as a

Director and has given his consent to act as a Director of the Bank.

In the opinion of the Board, he fulfils the conditions for the said

appointment as prescribed under the relevant provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013 and the relevant Rules made thereunder, the

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (SEBI Listing Regulations), the Banking Regulation, Act, 1949

and other guidelines issued by the RBI, from time to time.

Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja has the requisite qualification, skills, experience

and expertise in specific functional areas in terms of section 10A

of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, which are beneficial to the

Bank. The brief profile of Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja, in terms of Regulation

36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the Secretarial Standard

on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India, have been provided as an Annexure to this

Notice.

Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja is not related to any other Director or Key

Managerial Personnel of the Bank and is also not debarred from

holding the office of director by virtue of any SEBI order or any other

Regulatory/Statutory Authority.

Your Directors, therefore, recommend the Ordinary Resolution,

as set forth at Item No. 12 of this Notice, for the approval of the

Members.

Except for Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja and his relatives, none of the other

Directors or the Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank and their

relatives are in any way financially or otherwise concerned or

interested in the passing of the Ordinary Resolution as set out at

Item No. 12 of this Notice.

Item No. 13:

To approve the revised remuneration of Non-Executive Directors

except for Part Time Non-Executive

Director's Report

Business Responsibility Report

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Standalone Financial Statements

Consolidated Financial Statements

List of Branch Ofﬁces

1

2

4

6

7

8

10

12

18

20

26

28

30

32

34

36

52

68

76

90

106

122

132

146

184

250

274

346

406

Data as of July 31, 2021

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21:

Dear Stakeholders,

I hope all of you and your families have

been safe and well in these trying times.

As a step forward in the Bank's

commitment towards inclusive growth

and sustainable development, we are

happy to present to you our ﬁrst

Integrated Annual Report, which is a

comprehensive coverage of our strategy,

governance and performance,

interlinking it to value creation in the

long term for all our stakeholders.

The year gone by, has truly tested

humanity's resilience. Despite the

unprecedented crisis, we have all tried to

bring out our best and be there for each

other in every way possible. While we

had different ways of coping with the

challenges around us, one very

important aspect was - Being Together.

That is exactly what we at RBL Bank did;

we stood together, solid and conﬁdent

with our families, colleagues and

customers.

I wish to place on record our immense

gratitude and appreciation to all our

employees, who have shown exemplary

courage and commitment at a great

personal health risk, for continuing to

serve our customers in a seamless

manner. We took several emergency

measures to assist employees and their

families across the country with critical

resources. Despite our efforts, we've lost

a few of our dear colleagues to the

pandemic. I wish to offer my deepest

condolences and support to the families

in this time of need.

from the

Message

MD & CEO

decrease in infection and fatality rates

will improve consumer and business

conﬁdence. India's structural

advantages should play a key role in

putting her back, over the medium

term, on a high-growth path. The twin

factors of global diversiﬁcation of

supply chains and the widespread

proliferation of digital tools, can

become an accelerator for India's

reforms. In addition, the Government's

disciplined ﬁscal glide path has created

an additional ﬁscal space estimated at

` 20-25 Lakh Crore over the next

5 years. This allows the Government to

spend more in reviving the economy,

pushing public investments with high

multipliers, thus crowding-in

private investments.

An upswing in global GDP and trade

growth, should give the much-needed

push to the ﬁnancial infrastructure,

coupled with the all-new room to

leverage for growth. As physical

infrastructure driven by government

spending picks up, the economy will

witness the start of the private capex

cycle over the next few quarters.

Also, as capacity utilisation levels

improve, risk-reward will become

more attractive.

Much still depends on the race between

the virus and vaccines. Although

vaccine approvals and the rate at which

it's being administered, have raised

hopes of a turnaround in the pandemic

later this year, renewed waves and new

variants of the virus pose concerns for

the outlook.

India Story

Remains Strong

Responsible Banking

is the Future

One key learning in the past decade,

has been that of inclusivity.

At RBL Bank, we are proud to have

created an impact on the lives of all our

stakeholders through our sustainability

efforts. We have devised various

programmes for the marginalised and

the unbanked, and successfully

integrated our sustainability framework

into our core business. We have

endeavoured to take this further

through our wide gamut of products

and services, including responsible

ﬁnancing, reducing our environmental

footprint by promoting digital banking

platforms and conserving energy.

Environmental & Social (E&S) risk

assessment is an integral part of the

Bank's overall risk management

framework that underpins our

sustainability commitments.

We stay committed to our goal of

delivering robust and cost-effective

banking services that promote

responsible and inclusive growth as we

redeﬁne our future in the new normal.

FY 2020-21 has been the year of

building resilience and strengthening

the franchise across several fronts.

It is a fact that the possibility of

widespread vaccine deployment and

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21:

Managing Director and CEO

Supported by our strong foundation

and with you as an integral part of this

journey, we will continue to rise and

grow Stronger Together -

Apno Ke Saath.

16

17

plan to add another 50 branches in

FY 2021-22 and 120 branches over

the next two years.

§

In rural markets, we are beginning

to build a tractor ﬁnance book. This

will see greater traction in the

coming years.

Strong Physical

Infrastructure

The retail business adds critical

granularity to the liability franchise and

our branch banking network helps

accelerate that, while serving as a key

channel to add to the Bank's customer

base. The Branch Banking business

already does a signiﬁcant cross-sell of

ﬁnancial products, this scale and

product penetration is expected to

increase signiﬁcantly.

§

Our Retail and Small Business

deposits today are at approximately

40% which we want to take to 50%+

within the next 18-24 months.

§

We intend to add 75-80 branches

each year primarily in metro/urban

locations to add to our branding,

customer acquisition and servicing.

This is our internal Neo-Bank solution

that we have been creating in a silent

mode for the last 3 years. Our objective

in doing so, was to ﬁgure out how we

could increase our customer base in

Tier 1 cities in India mainly our Cards

and Branch Banking segments without

having to disproportionately invest in

high upfront ﬁxed costs. We are now

prepared to take the leap and up the

We strongly believe in partnerships.

Our approach with the classical

banking model, backed by ﬁntech

collaborations, has helped us create

scale even in a tough year. Our

Aadhaar Enabled Payment System

(AEPS) service is ranked 5th in India in

terms of transactions processed, with

around 30 Lakh monthly transactions.

During FY 2020-21, our Application

Program Interface (API) transactions

have increased from 30,000 to

5 Lakh per day.

We are strengthening the wholesale

franchise and enhancing our

capabilities to work closely with

corporate clients. Owing to some asset

quality challenges witnessed in FY

2019-20, our Corporate Portfolio has

gone through a de-bulking & de-risking

phase over the last 24 months. We

continue to add better quality names

and keep our portfolio granular.

In terms of other opportunities, while

We have accelerated our digital

journey by adopting various new

technological solutions. These have

helped us offer agile, reliable, and

superior solutions that will enhance

the customer experience. We migrated

more than 60 mission-critical

applications to the cloud, including

retail assets, branch and business

banking operations, human resources,

and customer-facing websites. These

initiatives will enhance the resilience

and scalability of our systems and

business processes, speeding up

operational efﬁciency.

Since the early part of our journey, we

focussed on building a people-centred

organisation. Besides creating a

competitive edge for ourselves, we

took every effort to create a

sustainable world for our stakeholders.

This ﬁnancial year has been

unprecedented, and the volatile

situation around the pandemic posed

many challenges. But it made our

people-centred resolve even stronger.

As the lockdown began towards the

end of March 2020, our team started

planning various scenarios to manage

the potential risks of COVID-19 and

ensured that we continue to effectively

Apno Ke Saath

serve our customers without

compromising the safety of our

employees and their families.

Our family at RBL Bank, came

together– to keep the hope,

encouragement and positivity alive

within us. We successfully conducted

vaccination drives in various locations

across the country covering over 70%

of our employees including our

subsidiary RBL FinServe Ltd. and are

moving towards getting everyone fully

vaccinated over the next few months.

In response to the growing impact of

the pandemic and the safety needs, in

July 2020, we supported relief efforts

by placing orders for 70,000 masks

with an NGO. In September 2020, we

donated mobile medical vans in

Maharashtra equipped with doctors,

support staff, medicines and

protective kits.

In December 2020, we successfully

raised over ` 5 Crore through

RBL Bank's UMEED 1000 Cyclothon

in support of girl child education, all

while living amidst the pandemic.

It gave me immense pride to have

witnessed the indomitable human

spirit, through the overwhelming

participation we received from the

Bank's employees, and everyone

associated with the cause. Our care

and commitment towards the

communities has been recognised by

AsiaMoney Best Bank Awards 2021,

where we won the award for India's

Best Bank for CSR, in March 2021.

As I look at the future, eventually the

world will conquer the virus but all of

us will need to maintain a continued

vigilant stance.

The pandemic has changed the world

in many ways. The space for ﬁnancial

services is widening and traditional

competition of benchmarks are no

longer relevant. Customers of

ﬁnancial services will use bank

services, not just through its brand

and the various digital channels, but

also through the partner ecosystem.

What is needed therefore is to look

at the opportunity through

different lenses.

Our muscles of agility, capabilities,

the emotions of connectedness and

empathy; as well as the courage to

experiment, makes us who we are.

Our new business model hopes to

address a post-COVID world, where

processes are simpler, where we

move from the product as the hero,

to customer life-time value as our

goal. We are leveraging our

partnerships with startups, ﬁntechs

and even established players to

embed our services through these

partners. We are building a team that

is empowered, curious and ready to

meet the evolving requirements

with speed.

Our business continuity and productivity

has also been accelerated by

maintaining focus on:

investment and exposure signiﬁcantly

on this platform.

In 3 to 4 years, we plan to achieve

exponential growth in our total

consumer base, who will engage with

us for a variety of products and services

spanning deposits, cards, loans,

payments, demat, insurance,

investment, etc.

overall corporate demand has been

muted, we have been making inroads

through digital solutions, foreign

exchange, trade and cash

management, and deposits, etc.

Here for

the Long Haul

Our transformation journey 2.0 has been built

with a focus on certain 'Right to Win' franchises

where we have a reasonable starting

position in terms of scale and capabilities...

Stronger Together

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21:

Managing Director & CEO

Dr Somnath Ghosh

Additional

Independent Director

Vimal Bhandari

Additional

Non-Executive Director

Additional

Independent Director

Chandan Sinha

Additional

Independent Director

Manjeev Singh Puri

Rajeev Ahuja

Executive Director

Veena Mankar

Non-Executive

Director

Ishan Raina

Independent Director

Vijay Mahajan

Non-Executive

Director

stronger

together

18

19

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21:

Managing Director & CEO

Jaideep Iyer

Head - Strategy

Surinder Chawla

Head - Branch Banking

Deepak Gaddhyan

Chief Credit Ofﬁcer (Wholesale)

Pankaj Sharma

Chief Operations Ofﬁcer

Harjeet Toor

Head - Retail, Inclusion and

Rural Business

Brijesh Mehra

Head - Corporate, Institutional

and Transaction Banking

Sunny Uberai

Head - Client Services

Shanta Vallury Gandhi

Head - HR, CSR and

Internal Branding

R. Gurumurthy

Head - Governance

Sankarson Banerjee

Chief Information Ofﬁcer

Deepak Kumar

Chief Risk Ofﬁcer

Management Team

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

stronger

together

Sanker Parmeswaran

Head - Legal

20

21

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21:

Managing Director & CEO, Executive Director, Chief Financial Ofﬁcer and Company

Secretary) were given a 3.45% increase in their remuneration in the same period.

Note : Includes only RBL Bank's data and not its subsidiaries (RBL FinServe Ltd).

Designation

Ratio

Mr. Prakash Chandra

Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

8.09x

49.87x

32.32x

Name

Non-Executive Independent Director (Part-time Chairman): Managing

letter, and the

Bank monitors their implementation.

Unmitigated or residual risks are

escalated to the top management

for their noting and resolution.

Managing Environmental & Social Risk

Management of E&S risks is vital to the Bank's sustainability commitments. Its dedicated E&S Risk policy outlines

responsibilities and strategic focus towards mitigating E&S risks associated with lending transactions.

Note ^ - E&S risk categorisation is based on inherent risk, not on residual risk.

# - 'Substantial' E&S risk class was introduced in FY 2019-20; hence no transaction was classiﬁed as Substantial in FY 2018-19.

* - Transaction (a) with tenor less than 12 months and exposure less than 1 million USD (approx. INR 7.5 Crore), (b) retail/ card client, (c) involving only non-SLR / LER limit, (c) NBFC/MFI clients, or

(d) 100% FD/ cash backed facilities, and (e) involving invoice /bill discounting facilities does not qualify for E&S risk assessment. Hence, microbanking and retail loans do not come under the

purview of E&S risk assessment.

As % of Gross Total Exposure under E&S Risk

E&S Risk Assessment

E&S Risk Category^

As of March 31, 2019

As of March 31, 2020

As of March 31, 2021

High

5.6%

4.7%

2.8%

Substantial#

0.0%

6.0%

4.4%

Medium/Moderate

27.7%

21.8%

17.7%

Low

13.4%

8.4%

6.8%

E&S Applicable*

46.7%

40.9%

31.6%

E&S Risk Team

The Bank has a dedicated in-house

E&S risk team since 2015, which

develops tools, templates and

guidelines to assist transaction

teams in conducting E&S risk

assessment, during site visits,

reviewing the ﬁndings and developing

CAPs. The E&S risk team also updates

Senior Management and the Board

on material and emerging E&S

risks periodically.

The Bank's E&S risk team also carries

out E&S risk related training of the

Bank's business, credit risk and

credit administration teams through

e-learning and face-to-face

training methods.

As of March 31, 2021, approximately

32% of the Bank's Gross Total Exposure

(GTE) qualiﬁed for E&S risk assessment

as compared to approximately 41% as

of March 31, 2020. This reduction in

E&S coverage of exposure could be

attributed to the Bank's strategic focus

on microbanking and the retail segment.

E&S Risk Performance

Managing

E n v i r o n m e n t a l & S o c i a l R i s k

124

125

As part of its overall

risk assessment, the

Bank screens all large

corporate lending and

project ﬁnancing

transactions against

an 'exclusion list'.

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21:

Director's Report - Annexure 1 (Pg. 196-233)

Spreading our Wings (Pg. 7),

Business Responsibility Report - Answer to Q. 9 (Pg. 250)

Building Together (Pg. 6-9)

102-8 Information on employees and other workers

Human Capital - Growth of Workforce (Pg. 90-105)

102-9 Supply chain

Manufactured Capital - the Bank's Supply Chain (Pg. 75)

102-13 Membership of associations

Business Responsibility Report- Principle 7 (Pg. 263)

102-14 Statement from senior decisionmaker

102-15 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Message from the MD & CEO (Pg. 12-17)

Message from the MD & CEO (Pg. 12-17),

Management Discussion and Analysis (Pg. 146-183)

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of

behaviour

Our Vision, Mission and Values (Pg. 4-5)

102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns

about ethics

Financial Capital - Corporate Governance and Risk

Management (Pg. 60-65), Business Responsibility Report -

Principle 1 (also see note 1) (Pg. 255)

102-22 Composition of the highest governance body

and its committees

Financial Capital - Corporate Governance & Risk

Management (Pg. 60-65),:

Director's Report - Annexure I (Pg. 196-233)

Human Capital - Employee Compensation (Pg. 98-99)

412-3 Signiﬁcant investment agreements and contracts

that include human rights clauses or that underwent

human rights screening

412-2 Employee training on human rights policies

or procedures

Manufactured Capital - The Bank's Supply Chain (Pg. 75),

Business Responsibility Report - Principle 7 (Pg. 261)

413-1 Operations with local community engagement,

impact assessments, and development programs

Social and Relationship Capital -

Corporate Social Responsibility (Pg. 115-119)

GRI

Chapter and Page Reference

GRI

Chapter and Page Reference

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21:

Letter Of Credit backed Bill discounting

Bank Guarantee: Letter of Credit

Personal Loan

For RBL Bank Savings Account Customers

Top-up on existing RBL Bank Personal

Loan customers

RBL Bank Udhaar (Retail Dealer Finance)

Credit Cards

Insignia Credit Card

Icon Credit Card

Cookies Credit Card

Platinum Maxima Credit Card

Platinum Delight Credit Card

Titanium Delight Credit Card

ShopRite Credit Card

Moneytap Credit Card

Moneytap Black Credit Card

Paisa On Demand Credit Line

ETMoney LoanPass Credit Card

Popcorn Credit Card

World Safari Credit Card

Edition Credit Card

Monthly Treats Credit Card

Edition Classic Credit Card

VCard Credit Card

YOUnique Credit Card

Bajaj Finserv RBL Bank

Co-brand Credit Cards

Platinum Classic SuperCard

Platinum Prime SuperCard

Platinum Max SuperCard

Platinum Edge SuperCard

Platinum Choice SuperCard

Platinum Plus SuperCard

World Prime SuperCard

World Max SuperCard

World Plus SuperCard

Doctor's SuperCard

Platinum TravelEasy SuperCard

Platinum ValuePlus SuperCard

LifeEasy SuperCard

Platinum ShopSmart SuperCard

Platinum ShopDaily SuperCard

Platinum ShopGain SuperCard

Platinum Advantage SuperCard

Platinum Bonus SuperCard

CA SuperCard

Freedom SuperCard

Retail Agribusiness

Kissan Credit Card (KCC)

Horticulture & Plantation Loan

Allied activities loans for

establishing Dairy/ Fisheries/

Poultry

Efﬁcient Irrigation system

Commodity & Warehouse

Receipt Finance

Warehouse Receipt Finance

Trade/ Pledge Finance

Rural Vehicle Finance

Loans for New Tractors

Loans for Used Tractor

Loans for Harvesters

Loans for Farm Equipment

Wholesale Banking

Corporate, Institutional, Government

& Commercial Banking

Working Capital Finance

Short-Term Finance

Structured Finance

Term Lending (INR & FCY - including

through GIFT City branch)

Diamond Dollar Accounts

Forex Services

EEFC Accounts

Offshore Financing

Agricultural Lending

GIFT Branch Capability

Trade Finance Products

stronger

together

140

141

Basic Savings Bank Deposit Account

No Frills Savings Account

Micro-Insurance

Hospital Insurance - Hospicash

Micro Loans/ JLG Loans

Individual Business Loan

Microbanking

Fund Based Limits

Inclusive Finance Institutions

Term loans for on-lending to Micro

Finance Segment customers & various

NBFC customers under affordable

ﬁnance segment

Cash Credit/ Working Capital Limits for

short-term working capital requirement

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21

Letter of Credit backed Bill Discounting

Export Credit in Foreign Currency

(Pre-Shipment/Post-Shipment)

Rupee Export Credit (Pre-Shipment /

Post-Shipment)

Trade Credits:

Trade Service Products

Letters of Credit (Import/Inland)

Bank Guarantees (Domestic/ Overseas/

throughCorrespondent Banks)

Standby Letters of Credit (SBLC) (Domestic/

Overseas/through Correspondent Banks)

Documentary Collections (Imports/ Exports/

Domestic)

Overseas Payments (Advance/ Direct

Import Payments)

Authorised Dealer (AD) approvals for

Trade Credits

Online Trade platform ‘RBL TradeX’

Receivables Management

Payables Management

Buyer's Credit (from RBL Bank GIFT City

branch)

Buyer's Credit (Selected other bank

overseas branches)

Supplier's Credit (through Correspondent

Banks)

Channel Finance (Dealer/Supplier)

Avalisation

Structured Trade Finance ( RBL Bank Branch

India and also through GIFT City branch)

Factoring

Corporate Purchase side

Channel Partner side

Short-term working capital requirement

Long-term working capital requirement

Cash Management Services

Pan India Enterprise Collections Solutions across

Cheque & Cash collections (Innovative

solutions on real-time reporting of cash through

partner support)

E-Collect via 'Virtual Account'

NACH/e-NACH collection management

Bankers to Rights/Public Issue Management

TAX Collections ( Through Correspondent bank)

Escrow/ TRA/ RERA Account

Client ERP Integration through H2H/ SFTP/ API for

Receivables Management

Supplier/ Vendor Bulk Payment Options

(RTGS/ NEFT/Funds Transfers/ IMPS)

Positive Pay and Remote Cheque Printing Solutions

Salary Payouts Integrated Corporate Electronic

Portal facilitating

Account Management/ Balances /

Statement Reporting

Treasury Management & Online Payments

Customised AR & AP Reporting & Scheduling

Digital Solutions

Payments

API Banking Solutions

Electronic Payments (RTGS, NEFT, IMPS)

Prepaid Card/E-Wallets

Remittance

Domestic Money Transfer (DMT)

Indo Nepal

Aadhaar Enabled Payments System (AEPS)

FX Remittance

Collection

Merchant Acceptance Services (PoS/

Ecomm)

Virtual Account Solutions

UPI Collect

eNACH

UPI QR

Nodal Account Services

Bill payouts through MasterCard and Visa

Rupee Drawing Arrangement (RDA)

Outward Remittance

stronger

together

Purchase Bill discounting

Vendor Finance

Liquidity Management

Auto Reconciliation

Client ERP Integration through

H2H/ SFTP/ API

Dividend and Interest Payouts

Non-Trade Related Overseas

Remittances

Corporate Internet Banking

Target Balance Account Structures

Auto Sweeps and Treasury

Management Solutions

*Available only at select branch locations.

142

143

Supply Chain Finance

Corporate Sales side

Sales Bill discounting

Dealer Finance

Trade Services Products

Treasury Products

Digital Solutions

Corporate Fixed Deposits

Corporate Salary Accounts

Cash Management Solutions

Cross Border Inward Remittances under

Rupee Drawing Arrangement (RDA) for

Exchange Houses, Money Transfer

Operators (MTOs) and Fintech

Outward Remittances under Liberalised

Remittance Scheme (LRS)

Treasury Services

Syndication Services for Loans & Bonds

Forex Desk

Money Market Desk

Derivatives Desk

Bullion Desk – Gold & Silver; Gold

Metal Loan

Equity Solutions

Private Equity Syndication

Mergers & Acquisitions Advisory

Acquisitions

Divestitures

Mergers

Joint Ventures

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Integrated Annual Report 2020 - 21:

letter of credit, stand-by: letter of

credit and guarantees; cash management, and treasury risk

management solutions.

C&IB further cross-sells various other products and services

such as corporate salary accounts, credit cards and other

VIXEMP PSERW ERH EKVMƼRERGI TVSHYGXW ERH HMWXVMFYXIW PMJI

insurance products, general insurance products and mutual

funds to customers, promoters and employees with the

support of Branch and Business Banking.

In addition to regular coverage, the Financial Institutions

(FI) team engages with counterparties to facilitate inter-

bank dealings, inter-bank trade support arrangements and

inter-bank liquidity generation both onshore and offshore.

The Bank also has a dedicated team for government

banking which primarily focusses on building liability

in the form of deposits and CASA deposits apart from

Transaction Banking & foreign currency transactions. The

emphasis is on tapping digital banking channels to secure

GSPPIGXMSRW ERH TE]QIRX ƽS[W SJ ZEVMSYW KSZIVRQIRX

organizations and bodies. The group also caters to the fund

based and non-fund based requirements of Public Sector

Undertakings.

Key highlights of FY 2020-21:

1.

In FY 2020-21, the C&IB book demonstrated stability

and continuous improvement. It added special sub-

segments for MNC coverage and focussed on liability

sourcing from various governments and their related

units including PSUs.

2.

The year’s focus was on portfolio quality and

increasing the liability base. The unit’s work through

XLI 8VERWEGXMSR &EROMRK XIEQ ERH WTIGMƼGEPP] XLI

cash management team helped with some large wins.



8LI JSGYW MR XLI GSQMRK ƼRERGMEP ]IEV [MPP FI XS IRWYVI

that the portfolio is protected specially in context of the

challenging environment and to start positioning for

growth in a prudent manner. The unit is also tapping the

Government agency business which has been opened-up

for all private sector banks.

letter of credit and bank guarantee etc. These facilities are

secured by property (residential, commercial, industrial) or

liquid securities as collateral. The end use of facilities is

monitored through annual reviews and stock inspections

carried out at different intervals. The product is offered

through RBL Bank Branch network across major cities.

MSME clients in the initial years of their business typically

require pure transaction banking capabilities. However, with

growing business their banking needs evolve and thereby

seek other liability product capabilities including credit

TVSHYGXWJSVFVMHKMRKGEWLƽS[KETWXIQTSVEV]SVWLSVX

term, for driving the business growth. RBL Bank focusses

on business owners and growing companies that have

high relationship value and view these relationships as long

term. Liabilities product and services like Trade & foreign

exchange services, CMS products etc. become important

customer acquisition and retention tools. The focus in FY

2021-22 will be to grow in existing locations and penetrate

further in new locations.

3.3.7 Trusts Associations Societies & Clubs (TASC)

TASC remains one of the key segments towards achieving

the overall growth under Branch & Business Banking. With

a strong product offering through digital banking and CMS

combined with a competitive interest rate offering in savings

EGGSYRXERHƼ\IHHITSWMXWXLMWWIKQIRXLEWWYGGIWWJYPP]

garnered incremental business from key categories such

as educational institutes, religious trusts and local bodies.

Under the TASC segment, CASA deposits grew by 31% in

FY 2020-21. The Bank will continue to focus on enhancing

the product proposition, sales approach and relationship

management to make strongholds in this segment.

3.3.8 Insurance

In FY 2020-21, the Bank tied-up with ICICI Prudential Life

Insurance Company to offer Life Insurance products to its

customer base. With this, the Bank has seven partners to

offer a bouquet of life insurance, general insurance and

health insurance products and cater to the different needs

of its customers across various channels. The current

partners of RBL Bank in the Insurance space are HDFC Life

Insurance, Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance, and ICICI Prudential

Life Insurance for life insurance products, Bajaj Allianz

General Insurance and ICICI Lombard General Insurance for

General Insurance products, Aditya Birla Health Insurance,

and Care Health Insurance for health Insurance products.

3.4 Retail Assets

The Retail Assets business segment of the Bank comprises:

MSME Business lending

Affordable Housing

Credit Cards

Retail Lending

Microbanking

MSME Business

The MSME business is an emerging business in the Bank

and is aligned to the strategic goal of satisfying credit

needs of micro and small enterprises and reaching out to

the last mile through business correspondent network. This

FYWMRIWW WTIGMƼGEPP] EHHVIWWIW XLI GVIHMX RIIHW SJ FSXL

self-employed professionals and non-professionals for their

GSQQIVGMEP EGXMZMXMIW ERH FSREƼHI VIUYMVIQIRXW SJ XLIMV

business including mainly working capital requirements,

repairs and renovation, extension of business unit, purchase

of machineries and equipment etc. This helps small

businesses and entrepreneurs like retailers, traders, service

providers and micro manufacturers who are relatively

underserved by the formal credit structure. The product

suite includes both unsecured loans of up to R 10 Lakh

and secured loans of upto R 50 Lakh. The Bank also offers

ƽI\MFPIXIRSVSJYTXSQSRXLWMRGEWISJWIGYVIHPSERW

to this segment. These loans are being offered through the

Bank’s wholly owned subsidiary RBL FinServe, along with a

network of other BCs providing a better geographical reach

to the Bank. The Bank has implemented digital on-boarding

of MSME customers in more than 140 RBL Finserve

branches which has enabled seamless on-boarding and

better data management.

placement of the products with applications, open banking

through APIs, real-time data integration and management,

low dependency on third party providers, are some of the

unique features of this strategy. Owing to the nature of this

business, which is a partnership led model, RBL Bank has

a B2B2C customer proposition approach to drive: Low-cost

acquisition of CASA, acquisition of differentiated target

customer base like unbanked and underbanked segments,

enhance customer account balances due to enhanced

CX/UX driven by partner platforms, ring-fence existing

customers through value-added offerings, embracing APIs

XSGVIEXIRI[ƼRERGMEPTVSHYGXW

WIVZMGIWF]IQFVEGMRK

open APIs/Third party Fintech Integrations.

3.3.4 Debit Cards

The Bank has a unique positioning for all its 13 debit card

variants and covers all customer segments including HNIs,

salaried, SMEs, women customers etc. The annual spends

gained momentum in second half of the year post lockdown

with total spends reaching same levels as FY 2019 - 20.

The Bank launched many initiatives to encourage digital

payments. One of the prominent initiatives is ‘Shop Perks’

program in association with MasterCard. The campaign

offered multiple brands on a single platform where RBL Bank

Debit cards can be registered and used for e-commerce

shopping experience combined with promotions by various

prominent brands.

RBL Bank has issued more than 85% of new debit card with

contactless feature, and intents to achieve 100% issuance

SRGSRXEGXPIWWTPEXJSVQMRXLIGYVVIRXƼRERGMEP]IEV8LI

contactless feature offers per transaction limit of R 5000

to ensure safe transaction by this medium. The bank also

enhanced the premium offerings for Insignia Debit Card,

which is a life time free card with higher withdrawal limits

on ATM and POS, and comes with 0% mark-up offer on

international spends. It also offers two complimentary

domestic lounge access along with complimentary golf

features and vouchers through the MasterCard platform.

The CREST debit card had a successful launch with

almost 1 Lakh issuances. This was followed by the launch

of a new premium offering on the VISA platform titled

‘Signature+’. This card is also contactless and comes with

cash equivalent digitally generated vouchers (paper less

experience) and other exciting offers.

RBL Bank is India’s only bank to offer foreign-currency

debit card services to diplomats. It is also among the few

banks, which is ready for RBI’s new framework on recurring

payments, the Bank plans to launch more debit card variants

and extend interesting features to the customers such as

contactless payment from account and tokenization of

card.

3.3.5. Liberalised Remittance Scheme

Under the Liberalized Remittance Scheme (LRS) the Bank

offers a variety of outward remittance products to customers

and non-customers enabling them to remit funds outside

the country by the way of an outward remittance, travel

card, demand draft and foreign currency. Having been a

late entrant to the LRS space, RBL Bank has quickly scaled

up with more than 35% growth being achieved year on year

with 9844 transactions processed in FY 20-21 versus 7147

transactions in FY 2019-20 and US$ 96 Million was remitted

under LRS in FY21 vs. US$ 89 Million in FY20. Under LRS,

the Bank provides money transfer in 16 different currencies

[MXLWMQTPMƼIHHSGYQIRXEXMSRPS[IWXGSWXMRXLIQEVOIX

competitive foreign exchange rates, minimum/nil Bank

charges and more.

The primary areas of business under remittance schemes

are family maintenance and education payments. The

campaigns offered were zero processing fee, zero foreign

bank charges, ability to process GIC payments and education

payments through Flywire and Western union. Further, RBL

Bank ensured that there were nil extra processing fee/

foreign bank charges while remitting educational funds.

These strategies helped in scaling up volumes. LRS has

also stepped up the digitization process, with the launch

of specialized online digital remittance platform (already in

advanced stage) in Q1 of FY 2021-22. The all-in-one digital

platform will enable prompt remittances with faster money

transfer, ensuring seamless customer journey.

Under the TASC segment,

CASA deposits grew by 31% in

FY 2020-21.:

Managing Director and CEO,

the Company Secretary is tasked with setting forth policies

and procedures and monitoring compliance with the rules

related to the disclosure of price sensitive information.

4.5.6 Cyber Security Risk

Cyber security or information technology security risk is

HIƼRIHEWXLITSXIRXMEPSJPSWWSVLEVQXSXLI&EROVIWYPXMRK

from breaches to, attacks on, or unauthorized access to

the Bank’s information systems, which include computers,

networks, hardware, software, switches, routers, mobile

devices, applications, websites, data, information, etc.



']FIVWIGYVMX]MRGMHIRXWGERVIWYPXMRPEVKIƼRERGMEPPSWWIW

damage to reputation, legal liabilities and regulatory issues.

Therefore, mitigating this risk is an integral aspect of

enterprise risk management. The Bank has robust policies,

procedures, controls and monitoring tools to manage and

mitigate cyber security risk. The framework covers people,

processes and technology.

The Board approved policies which govern this risk include

the cyber security policy and the information security

management policy. The Bank also has a robust cyber

crisis management plan to establish strategic framework

and actions to prepare for, respond to, and recover from a

cyber-incident, should this occur.

4.5.7 Sustainability/Environment & Social Risk Management

(E&S)

RBL Bank has made a strategic commitment towards

sustainable development and made this an integral part

of its business practices including risk management. The

system is implemented and overseen by the Environmental

and Social Risk Governance (ESG) Committee, which also

provides periodic updates to the Board. The key objectives

of the Bank’s ESG framework are as follows:

Setting strategic E&S objectives, such as offering new

products that address E&S sustainability



-RGSVTSVEXMRK)

7VMWOGSRWMHIVEXMSRWMRXSEPPƼRERGMRK

activities and developing client awareness on this

subject



)\GPYHMRKƼRERGMRKGPMIRXW[LSWIFYWMRIWWEGXMZMXMIW

do not meet the Bank’s principles — the Bank has

adopted the IFC Exclusion List

Communicating E&S expectations to all staff, clients

and other external stakeholders

Committing to improving the overall E&S performance

of its portfolio through enhanced risk management

Building consistently the Bank staff’s capacity to

identify E&S risks



(IZIPSTMRK ERH HIPMZIVMRK ƼRERGMEP TVSHYGXW ERH

services that enable more sustainable agricultural

practices and results in resource conservation/

IRLERGIQIRXSJVIWSYVGIIƾGMIRG]

Running

microbanking

programmes

for

marginalised, economically weaker, and business-

wise less attractive sections in various states across

the country.

E&S risk assessment is an integral part of the credit

appraisal and sanction process.

All transactions are screened against the ‘exclusion list’. An

illustrative list of activities which the Bank does not fund

includes- production or trade in weapons and munitions;

production or trade in alcoholic beverages excluding

beer and wine; production or trade in tobacco; activities

of gambling, casinos and equivalent enterprises, among

others.

The transactions are then screened for E&S risks. This

begins by risk categorisation based on inherent risks

associated with the business activities of a client. It may

FIRSXIHXLEXWIZIVEPJEGXSVWMRƽYIRGIXLIGEXIKSVMWEXMSR

including scale, location, sensitivity and magnitude of

impacts.

Additionally, the Bank engages with the client to perform

a detailed E&S due diligence and to identify, assess and

mitigate potential E&S risks, including impact to climate

change. This is performed through discussions with

the client and/or visits to clients’ operating sites. In case

QEXIVMEPYRQMXMKEXIHVMWOWEVIMHIRXMƼIHXLI&EROVIUYMVIW

the client to mitigate the same in a time bound matter

through a Corrective Action Plan (CAP), which are discussed

and agreed with the client. These are also incorporated:

Managing Director and CEO of the Bank w.e.f. June 30, 2021 for a period of one year, subject to approval

of the Members of the Bank.

@

Mr. Vimal Bhandari was appointed as (Additional) Non-Executive Non Independent Director w.e.f. October 1, 2020.

#

Dr. Somnath Ghosh was appointed as (Additional) Non-Executive Independent Director w.e.f. December 7, 2020.

*

Excludes directorship held in Foreign Companies & Section 8 Company.

**

Includes Membership of Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee across all other Public Companies.

Number of Membership includes the number of Chairmanship held by the Directors.

Committee Chairmanship held by the Director in listed Public Companies alone has been considered.

1V'LERHER7MRLE (-2  

ERH1V1ERNIIZ7MRKL4YVM (-2   

[IVIETTSMRXIHEW %HHMXMSREP

2SR)\IGYXMZI

-RHITIRHIRX(MVIGXSVWSJXLI&EROSR1E]XLYWEWSRXLIHEXISJXLMWVITSVXHIXEMPWTIVXEMRMRKXSXLIRYQFIVSJ(MVIGXSVWLMT W



ERH'SQQMXXIIQIQFIVWLMT W

GLEMVQERWLMT W

LIPHF]1V'LERHER7MRLEERH1V1ERNIIZ7MRKL4YVMMRIRXMXMIWMRGPYHMRKXLI

Bank is as follows:

Director (DIN)

Category

No. of other Directorships

(including the Bank)*

No of committee

membership/chairmanship

held in Public companies

(including the Bank) **

Name of other listed entities

in which he/she is a Director &

Category of Directorship

Public Co

Private Co

Member

Chairperson

1V'LERHER7MRLE

(-2  

%HHMXMSREP

2SR

)\IGYXMZI-RHITIRHIRX

Director







–

–

1V1ERNIIZ7MRKL4YVM

(-2   

%HHMXMSREP

2SR

)\IGYXMZI-RHITIRHIRX

Director



–

–

–

–

*

Excludes directorship held in Foreign Companies & Section 8 Company.

**

Includes Membership of Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee across all other Public Companies.

Number of Membership includes the number of Chairmanship held by the Directors.

Committee Chairmanship held by the Director in listed Public Companies alone has been considered.

MEETINGS OF THE BOARD AND AGENDA

8LIWGLIHYPIERHHEXIWSJXLIFSEVHQIIXMRKWEVIHIGMHIHMREHZERGI8LIFSEVHQIIXMRKWEVIGSRZIRIHF]KMZMRKETTVSTVMEXI

RSXMGIEWTIVXLITVSZMWMSRWSJXLI'SQTERMIW%GXERH7IGVIXEVMEP7XERHEVHSR1IIXMRKWSJXLI&SEVHSJ(MVIGXSVW 77



8LI&SEVHQIIXWEXPIEWXJSYVXMQIWMRE]IEVMISRGIEUYEVXIVMRXIVEPMEXSVIZMI[XLIƼRERGMEPVIWYPXWERRYEPFYHKIXWTSPMGMIW

WXVEXIKMIWIXG;LIRIZIVRIGIWWEV]EHHMXMSREP&SEVHQIIXMRKWEVILIPH,S[IZIVMRGEWISJYVKIRXQEXXIVWETTVSZEPSJXLI&SEVHMW

EPWSWSYKLXF][E]SJGMVGYPEXMSREWTIVXLITVSZMWMSRWSJXLI'SQTERMIW%GX[LMGLMWRSXIHMRXLIWYFWIUYIRX&SEVHQIIXMRK

-RGIVXEMRGEWIWERHMJVIUYMVIHF]XLI(MVIGXSVWXLIGSRJIVIRGIGEPPWEVIEVVERKIHXSIREFPIXLIHMVIGXSVWXSHMWGYWWMRHIXEMPXLI

MXIQWXSFIETTVSZIHF]GMVGYPEXMSRERHWIIOGPEVMƼGEXMSREWQE]FIVIUYMVIH

8LIEKIRHETETIVWEVITVITEVIHF]XLIGSRGIVRIHSƾGMEPWSJXLIVIWTIGXMZIHITEVXQIRXERHEVIETTVSZIHF]XLIQIQFIVWSJXLI

WIRMSVQEREKIQIRX%KIRHETETIVWEVIGMVGYPEXIHXSXLI&SEVHF]XLI'SQTER]7IGVIXEV][IPPMREHZERGIXLVSYKLERIFEWIH

ETTPMGEXMSR[LMGLTVSZMHIWJSVUYMGOERHIEW]EGGIWWMFMPMX]XSXLI%KIRHETETIVW

VIPEXIHHSGYQIRXWEXEGPMGOSJEFYXXSR[MXLSYX

GSQTVSQMWMRKXLIGSRƼHIRXMEPMX]SJXLIMRJSVQEXMSREXEPPXMQIW%PPVIPIZERXQEXXIVWMRGPYHMRKFYXRSXPMQMXIHXSXLIQMRMQYQ

MRJSVQEXMSRVIUYMVIHXSFITPEGIHFIJSVIXLI&SEVHMRXIVQWSJ7GLIHYPI--4EVX%SJXLI7)&-0MWXMRK6IKYPEXMSRWERHTYVWYERXXSXLI

7IGVIXEVMEP7XERHEVHEVIXEFPIHFIJSVIXLI&SEVHXSIREFPIMXXSHMWGLEVKIMXWHYXMIW

Additional items on the agenda are permitted with the permission of the Chairperson and with the consent of all the directors present

EXXLIQIIXMRK

8LI&EROEPWSTVSZMHIWXLIHMVIGXSVW[MXLERSTXMSRXSTEVXMGMTEXIMRXLIFSEVHQIIXMRKWXLVSYKLIPIGXVSRMGQSHIMI:MHISGSRJIVIRGMRK

JEGMPMX](YVMRKXLIƼRERGMEP]IEVIRHIHMRZMI[SJ'3:-( TERHIQMGERHMRXIVQWSJXLITVSZMWMSRWSJ6YPISJXLI

'SQTERMIW 1IIXMRKWSJ&SEVHERHMXW4S[IVW

6YPIWEWEQIRHIHJVSQXMQIXSXMQIXLIQIIXMRKWSJXLI&SEVHERH'SQQMXXIIW

SJXLI&ERO[IVILIPHXLVSYKLZMHISGSRJIVIRGMRK%GGSVHMRKP]XLI&EROLEHGSQTPMIH[MXLXLITVSZMWMSRWSJ7IGXMSR 

SJXLI

'SQTERMIW%GXVIEH[MXL6YPISJXLI'SQTERMIW 1IIXMRKWSJ&SEVHERHMXW4S[IVW

6YPIWJSVGSRHYGXMRKQIIXMRKW

XLVSYKLZMHISGSRJIVIRGMRK

The minutes of the meetings of all the Committees of the Board of Directors of the Bank and the minutes of the meetings of the

&SEVHSJ(MVIGXSVWSJXLI[LSPP]S[RIHWYFWMHMEV]GSQTER]SJXLI&EROEVITPEGIHFIJSVIXLI&SEVH

8LIUYEVXIVP]LEPJ]IEVP]ERHXLIERRYEPVIWYPXWJSVXLIGSRWSPMHEXIHIRXMX]ERHJSVXLI&EROSRWXERHEPSRIFEWMWEVIƼVWXTPEGIH

before the Audit Committee of the Board and thereafter the same are placed before the Board of Directors for their approval with the

VIGSQQIRHEXMSRWSJXLI%YHMX'SQQMXXIIMJER]

Annexure I:

Managing Director & CEO)

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

(Executive Director)



+VSWWWEPEV]

E

7EPEV]EWTIVTVSZMWMSRWGSRXEMRIHMRWIGXMSR

 

SJXLI-RGSQIXE\%GX 

  

 

466,03,965

F

:EPYISJTIVUYMWMXIWYW 

SJXLI-RGSQI

XE\%GX 

  

 

51,75,757

G

4VSƼXWMRPMIYSJWEPEV]YRHIVWIGXMSR 

SJ

XLI-RGSQIXE\%GX 



Stock Option





0



7[IEX)UYMX]

4

Commission

Ɓ

EW SJTVSƼX

Ɓ

3XLIVWWTIGMJ]

5

Others

Total-(A)

314,16,815

203,62,907

517,79,722

Ceiling as per the Act

6IJIV2SXIFIPS[

1RWHV 

1.

Remuneration as above includes salary, taxable allowances, LTA, value of perquisites incurred by the Bank as per the Income Tax Rules, 1962,

Company’s Contribution to Provident Fund, Superannuation Fund and Annual Performance Linked Variable Compensation.

2.

The Remuneration paid to the: Managing

letter of even date which is annexed

as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

ANNEXURE A

To

8LI1IQFIVW

RBL Bank Limited

WX0ERI7LELYTYVM

/SPLETYVƁ

Our Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along with

XLMWPIXXIV



8LIGSQTPMERGISJTVSZMWMSRWSJEPPPE[WVYPIWVIKYPEXMSRW

standards applicable to RBL Bank Limited (hereinafter

GEPPIHƄXLI&EROƅ

MWXLIVIWTSRWMFMPMX]SJXLIQEREKIQIRXSJ

Annexure III:

