Managing Director or the Company Secretary

are authorised to certify the true copy of the aforesaid

resolutions.”

8.

To amend UTI AMC Employee Stock Option

Scheme-2007:

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without

modification(s), the following Resolutions as Special

Resolution:

“Resolved,

that pursuant to the provisions of Section 62 of the

Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read with Rule 12 of the

Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014

(“Rules”) and all other applicable provisions, if any,

of the Act and the Rules notified thereunder (including

any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for

the time being in force), and pursuant to the applicable

provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014, as

amended, read with the circular issued by the Securities

and Exchange Board of India dated 16th June, 2015,

bearing number CIR/CFD/POLICY CELL/2/2015 (“SEBI

SBEB Regulations”), the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations,

2015

(the

“Listing

Regulations”)

(collectively referred as “SEBI Regulations”), for the

time being in force and as may be modified from time

to time, provisions contained in the memorandum of

association and the articles of association of the Company,

and such other rules, regulations, circulars and guidelines

of any / various statutory / regulatory authority(ies) that

are or may become applicable (collectively referred

herein as the “Applicable Laws”), subject to such

approvals, consents and permissions as may be required

from appropriate regulatory authorities/institutions, the

consent of members of the Company be and is hereby

accorded to amend clause 8 (a) and 8 (b) of the UTI

AMC Employee Stock Option Scheme-2007 (“ESOP

Scheme”) as under::

Managing Director or the Company Secretary

are authorised to certify the true copy of the aforesaid

resolutions.”

9.

To approve grant of stock options to the

employees of the subsidiaries of the Company:

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without

modification(s), the following Resolutions as Special

Resolution:

“Resolved,

that pursuant to the provisions of Section 62 of the

Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read with Rule 12 of

the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules,

2014 (“Rules”) and all other applicable provisions, if

any, of the Act and the Rules notified thereunder (including

any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for

the time being in force), and pursuant to the applicable

provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014, as

amended, read with the circular issued by the Securities

and Exchange Board of India dated 16th June, 2015,

bearing number CIR/CFD/POLICY CELL/2/2015 (“SEBI

SBEB Regulations”), the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations,

2015

(the

“Listing

Regulations”)

(collectively referred as “SEBI Regulations”), for the

time being in force and as may be modified from time

to time, provisions contained in the memorandum of

association and the articles of association of the Company,

and such other rules, regulations, circulars and guidelines

of any / various statutory / regulatory authority(ies) that

are or may become applicable (collectively referred

herein as the “Applicable Laws”), subject to such

approvals, consents and permissions as may be required

from appropriate regulatory authorities/institutions, the

consent of members of the Company be and is hereby

accorded to extend the benefits and coverage of the UTI

AMC Employee Stock Option Scheme-2007 (“ESOP

Scheme”) to the employees of the subsidiaries (present

and future), and grant option under the ESOP Scheme

which was formulated and implemented prior to the initial

public offering of the Company, which was approved and

adopted by the members in the annual general meeting of

the Company held on 18th September, 2007 and further

amendments were approved at the extra ordinary general

meeting of the Company held on 20th December, 2007

and 16th December, 2019 respectively, in accordance with

applicable statutory provisions.”

“Resolved Further,

that the approval of the members be and is hereby accorded

to the nomination and renumeration committee (“NRC”)

and/or the board of directors of the Company (“Board”)

to grant, issue, offer and allot at any time or from time

to time to and for the benefit of the present and future

permanent employee(s) and director(s) of the Company,

or its subsidiaries, identified by the Board and/or the

nomination and remuneration committee of the Company

in accordance with applicable law, except independent

director(s) and director who directly or indirectly holds more

than 10% (ten percent) of the issued capital, such number

of options under the ESOP Scheme, which will not exceed

the limits approved by the Board and the shareholders.”

“Resolved Further,

that the said options may be granted and the shares may

be allotted in accordance with the ESOP Scheme directly to

such employees.”:

Managing Director or the Company Secretary

are authorised to certify the true copy of the aforesaid

resolutions.”

By Order of the Board of Directors

Arvind Patkar

(Company Secretary and Compliance Officer)

Membership No. A21577

Place: Mumbai

Date: 30 June, 2021

Registered Office:

UTI Asset Management Company Limited

UTI Tower, ‘Gn’ Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,

Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051

Notes:

1.

Pursuant to the General Circular nos. 14/2020, 17/2020,

20/2020 and 02/2021 dated 8th April, 2020, 13th April,

2020, 5th May, 2020 and 13th January, 2021 respectively,

issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and

Circular nos. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 and

SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/11 dated 12th May,

2020 and 15th January, 2021 respectively, issued by the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) in view

of the prevailing circumstances on account of pandemic

caused by Covid-19, requiring social distancing norms

and continuing restrictions on the movement of people at

several places in the country, the companies are permitted

to conduct the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) through

Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means (VC/

OAVM) during the calendar year 2021. In accordance

with the MCA & SEBI Circulars read with the provisions

of Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing

Regulations”), the 18th AGM of the Company is being

held through VC/OAVM without the physical presence of

the members at the common venue.

2.

Pursuant to the provision of Section 102 of the Act,

a statement setting out the material facts relating to

businesses under item no. 3 to 9 are annexed herein as an

explanatory statement and the same should be taken as a

part of this Notice.

3.

Members joining the 18th AGM through VC / OAVM shall

be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under

Section 103 of the Act.

4.

Under the normal circumstances, a member entitled to

attend and vote at the meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy

to attend and vote instead of himself and such a proxy need

not be a member of the Company. Since this AGM is being

convened through VC / OAVM, and in accordance with

the MCA & SEBI Circulars, the facility for appointment of

proxies by the Members will not be available for this AGM;

therefore, Proxy Form and Attendance Slip including Route

Map are not annexed to this Notice.

5.

In accordance with Regulations 26 (4) and 36 (3) of

the Listing Regulations and provisions of the Secretarial

Standard - 2 on General Meetings issued by the Institute

of Company Secretaries of India, the relevant details in

respect of Director(s) seeking appointment/re-appointment

at this AGM is also annexed to this Notice. The Company

has received the requisite consents/declarations from the

Director(s) for their appointment/re-appointment under the

Act and the rules made thereunder.

6.

Corporate/Institutional

Members

(i.e.

other

than

Individuals, Hindu Undivided Family, Non-Resident Indians

etc.) are required to send scanned certified true copy

(PDF Format) of the Board Resolution/ Power of Attorney/

Authority: Letter etc., authorizing its representative to attend

letter providing the email address, mobile

number, self-attested PAN copy and Client Master copy in

case of electronic folio and copy of share certificate in case

of physical folio for sending the Annual report, Notice of

AGM and the e-voting instructions.

iii.

Those members who have registered their e-mail address,

mobile nos., postal address and bank account details are

requested to validate/update their registered details by

contacting the Depository Participant in case of shares held

in electronic form or by contacting KFintech in case the

shares held in physical form.

iv.

After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow all

steps above to cast your vote by electronic means.

v.

Details of persons to be contacted for issues

relating to e-voting:

Ms. Krishna Priya M, Senior Manager - Corporate Registry,

KFin Technologies Private Limited

Unit: UTI Asset Management Company Limited

Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli,

Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Hyderabad – 500 032.

Toll Free No.: 1800 309 4001

E-mail: priya.maddula@kfintech.com

24. Process for joining the AGM through VC / OAVM:

Instructions for all the shareholders, including

individual, other than individual and physical, for

attending the AGM of the Company through VC/

OAVM and e-voting during the meeting.

i.

Member are provided with the facility to attend the AGM

through VC / OAVM platform of KFintech. Members

may access the same at https://emeetings.kfintech.com/

by using the user id and password provided in the email

received from the Company/KFintech. After logging in,

click on the Video Conference tab and select the EVEN of

the Company. Click on the video symbol and accept the

meeting etiquettes to join the meeting.

ii.

Please note that the members who do not have the user

Id and password for e-voting or have forgotten the user

Id and password may retrieve the same by following the

remote e-voting instructions mentioned above.

iii.

Facility of joining the AGM through VC / OAVM shall open

15 minutes before the time scheduled for the AGM and will

be available for Members on first come first served basis.

The Members can join the AGM up to 15 minutes after

the scheduled time of the AGM by following the procedure

mentioned in the Notice.

iv.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through

laptops/ desktops with Google Chrome (preferred

browser), Safari, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla

Firefox 22.

v.

Members will be required to grant access to the webcam

to enable VC / OAVM. Further, Members connecting from

mobile devices or tablets or through laptops connecting

via mobile hotspot may experience audio/video loss due

to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore

recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to

mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

vi.

The Members who have not cast their vote through remote

e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote through e-voting

system available during the AGM. E-voting during the AGM

is integrated with the VC / OAVM platform. The Members

may click on the voting icon displayed on the screen to cast

their votes.

vii. A Member can opt for only single mode of voting i.e.,

through remote e-voting or voting at the AGM. If a Member

casts votes by both modes, then voting done through

remote e-voting shall prevail and vote at the AGM shall be

treated as invalid.

viii. Facility of joining the AGM through VC / OAVM shall be

available for at least 2000 members on first come first

served basis. However, please note that pursuant to the MCA

circulars, large shareholders (i.e. shareholders holding 2%

or more shareholding), promoters, institutional investors,

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, chairpersons of

the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee,

auditors etc. may be allowed to attend the meeting without

restriction on account of first come first served principle.

ix.

Institutional Members are encouraged to attend and vote

at the AGM through VC / OAVM.

x.

In case a person has become a Member of the Company

after dispatch of AGM Notice but on or before the cut-

off date for e-voting, he/she may obtain the user Id and

password in the manner as mentioned below::

letter, duly

signed by the shareholder(s), along with a cancelled

cheque leaf with your name and bank account details and

a copy of your PAN card, duly self-attested, with KFintech.

This will facilitate receipt of dividend directly into your bank

accounts. In case the cancelled cheque leaf does not bear

the shareholders name, please attach a copy of the bank

pass-book statement, duly self-attested. We also request

you to register your email addresses and mobile numbers

with the Company or the RTA at the abovementioned

emails. Dividends will be paid through electronic mode to

members who have updated their bank account details.

Dividend warrants / demand drafts will be dispatched to

the registered addresses of members who have not updated

their bank account details.

33. Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 124 and 125 of

the Act and the Investor Education and Protection Fund

Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules,

2016 (“IEPF Rules”) as amended, there is no amount of

dividend remaining unclaimed / unpaid for a period of 7

(seven) years and/or unclaimed Equity Shares which are

required to be transferred to the Investor Education and

Protection Fund (IEPF). Members are requested to note

that the dividend remaining unclaimed for a continuous

period of 7 (seven) years from the date of transfer to the

Company’s Unpaid Dividend Account shall be transferred

to the designated demat account of the IEPF. In addition,

all equity shares in respect of which dividend has not

been paid or claimed for seven consecutive years or more

shall be transferred by the Company to demat account

of the IEPF authority within a period of thirty days of such

equity shares becoming due to be transferred to the IEPF.

Members are entitled to claim shares and unclaimed

dividends transferred to the IEPF authority back from the

IEPF authority.

34. Pursuant to the relevant provisions of the IEPF Rules,

including the names and last known addresses of the

persons entitled to receive the sums lying in the account

referred to in Section 125(2) of the Act, nature of the

amount, the amount to which each person is entitled and

due date for transfer to IEPF on its website at https://www.

utimf.com/uti-amc-shareholders/unclaimed-dividend/ and

this information is also available on the website of the IEPF

authority. The concerned Members are requested to verify

the details of their unclaimed dividend, if any, from the said

websites and lodge their claim with KFintech, before the

unclaimed dividends are transferred to the IEPF.

General Guidelines for shareholders:

35. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

and their shareholding, maintained under Section 170

of the Act, the Certificate from Auditors of the Company

certifying that the ESOP Schemes of the Company is

being implemented in accordance with the Act, SEBI

(Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014

and other applicable laws, and the Register of Contracts

or Arrangements in which the directors are interested,

maintained under Section 189 of the Act, upon request, will

be available for inspection electronically by the Members

during the AGM. All documents referred to in the Notice

requiring the approval of the Members at this meeting will

also be available for electronic inspection without any fee

by the Members from the date of circulation of this Notice

up to the date of AGM. Members seeking to inspect such

documents can send an email to cs@uti.co.in.

36. The shares of the Company are traded in dematerialized

form since it eliminates all risks associated with physical

shares and to ease the portfolio management. In

accordance with Regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations,

securities of the listed companies can only be transferred in

demat form with effect from 1st April, 2019, except in case

of request for transmission or transposition of securities. In

view of this, Members holding shares in physical form are

requested to consider converting their holding to demat

form. Members can contact KFintech for assistance in this

regard.:

letter from T Rowe Price International

Ltd holding 23.00% of shares, nominating Mr. Edward Cage

Bernard (DIN: 08243277) as Director on the Board of the

Company in exercise of its right under article 129 of the articles

of association of the Company. Pursuant to the recommendation

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of

Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 7th June,

2021 and 30th June, 2021, recommended the appointment

of Mr. Edward Cage Bernard (DIN: 08243277) as a Nominee

Director (Non–Executive) of the Company, who shall be liable to

retire by rotation, to the shareholders for their approval at the

ensuing Annual General Meeting.

Mr. Edward Cage Bernard (DIN: 08243277) holds a B.A. degree

in Religious Studies from Brown University and an MBA degree

in finance from New York University Leonard N. Stern School

of Business. Prior to joining our Company, he was associated

with the TRP group as a vice chairman, T Rowe Price Group

Inc as a director on the board and as a member of the firms

Management Committee. Currently, he is also associated with

T Rowe Price Group Inc as a senior advisor.

Mr. Edward Cage Bernard (DIN: 08243277) is not disqualified

from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of

the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”)and has given his consent

to act as a Director. He is not debarred from holding the office

of Director pursuant to any order issued by the Securities and

Exchange Board of India or any other authority.:

letter from Punjab National

Bank, holding 15.24% of equity shares, nominating Mr. Sanjay

Varshneya (DIN: 08161701) as Director on the Board of the

Company in exercise of its right under article 129 of the articles

of association of the Company. Pursuant to the recommendation

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of

Directors had, at its meetings held on 7th June, 2021 and 30th

June, 2021, approved the appointment of Mr. Sanjay Varshneya

as a Nominee Director of the Company, who shall be liable to

retire by rotation and the appointment shall be effective post

approval of shareholders at this Annual General Meeting.

Mr. Sanjay Varshneya (DIN: 08161701) holds a master’s degree

in science specialising in Physics and is a CAIIB. He is currently

the General Manager Treasury Division at Punjab National Bank

and has been working with the Bank for the last 19 years. He

has a rich experience in the treasury operations of over 11 years.

In his earlier roles at the Bank, he was leading as Branch Head

and Circle Head. He is an accomplished finance professional

with over 30 years of demonstrated history of work experience

in banking industry. He is an exceptional leader, expert at

interpersonal communications and people management,

problem-solver and craving to perform under challenging

environments.

Mr. Sanjay Varshneya (DIN: 08161701) is not disqualified from

being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the

Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and has given his consent

to act as a Director. Mr. Sanjay Varshneya is not debarred from

holding the office of Director pursuant to any order issued by the

Securities and Exchange Board of India or any other authority.

As required under Section 160 of the Act, the Company has

received a notice from a member proposing the candidature of

Mr. Sanjay Varshneya for appointment.

Save and except Mr. Sanjay Varshneya (DIN: 08161701) and his

relatives to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the

Company, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel

of the Company and their relatives are, in any way, concerned

or interested, financially or otherwise, in the Resolution set out at

Item No. 5 of the Notice.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item

No. 5 of the Notice for approval of the members.

Item No. 6

Mr. Deepak Kumar Chatterjee (DIN: 03379600) was appointed

as an Independent Director of the Company with effect from

25th September, 2018 by the shareholders at the 15th Annual

General Meeting until the conclusion of the Annual General

Meeting to be held in the calendar year 2021, not liable to retire

by rotation. Accordingly, the said tenure of Mr. Deepak Kumar

Chatterjee (DIN: 03379600) as an independent director will be

concluded at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

The Nomination & Remuneration Committee had, in its

meeting held on 21st April, 2021 evaluated the performance of

Mr. Deepak Kumar Chatterjee (DIN: 03379600) as per the

policy of the Company and unanimously recommended to the

Board of Directors to re-appoint Mr. Deepak Kumar Chatterjee

as an independent director for another term of 5 (five) years after

the expiry of his existing term at this Annual General Meeting.

The Board of Directors had also, in its meeting held on 7th June,

2021, approved his re-appointment for another term of 5 (five)

years after the expiry of his existing term in this Annual General

Meeting.

Mr. Deepak Kumar Chatterjee (DIN: 03379600) holds a B.Sc.

(Honours) degree in Physics from University of Delhi, an M.Sc.

degree in Agricultural Physics from Indian Agricultural Research

Institute, New Delhi and MBA degree from University of Delhi.

He is also a certificated associate of the Indian Institute of

Bankers. Prior to joining our Company, he was associated with

SBI Funds Management Private Limited as the: managing director

and chief executive officer and SBI Capital Markets Limited as

Executive Vice President. He was also associated with IIFCL

Projects Limited as its chief executive officer and IIFCL Asset

Management Company Limited as a director.

As required under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013

(“Act”), the Company has received a notice from a member

proposing the candidature of Mr. Deepak Kumar Chatterjee for

re-appointment.

Mr. Deepak Kumar Chatterjee (DIN: 03379600) is not

disqualified from being appointed as a

managing director and

chief executive officer and SBI

Capital

Markets

Limited

as

Executive Vice President. He

was also associated with IIFCL

Projects Limited as its chief

executive officer and IIFCL Asset

Management Company Limited

as a director.

Remuneration last drawn

Not Applicable*

Number of Board Meetings

attended during the year

2020-21

12 of 12

NA

12 of 12

Directorships in other listed

entities

None

None

V L S Finance Limited

Directorship in other

Companies (excluding foreign

companies & Section 8

companies)

None

Bhadra

International

(India) Private Limited

Swift

India

Domestic

Services Private Limited

Mylead Fintech Private Limited

Membership/ Chairmanship

of Committees of the Board in

other Public Companies

None

None

None

Number of shares held

Nil

Nil

Nil

Relationship with other

directors and KMP

None

None

None

Terms & Conditions of

appointment/ re-appointment

As set out above in Item no.

4 of Notice

As set out above in Item no.

5 of Notice

As set out above in Item no. 6

of Notice

* The Non-Executive Directors are paid sitting fees for attending Board or Committee meetings either in person or through video

conference/ audio means. Other than sitting fees, no fees are paid to the Non-Executive Directors by the Company.:

Dear Shareholders,

It is encouraging that after the economic

impact felt by countries across the world due to

Covid-19 induced pandemic, most economies

are gradually recovering with cautious optimism.

Despite the adversities, this crisis has made

humanity come together, highlighting our

cumulative spirit and resilience. ‘Comeback from

Setback’ is possibly an appropriate articulation

of 2020–21.

What kept us engaged in 2020-21

To begin with, I would like to highlight a

landmark event, wherein we were successfully

listed on both the National Stock Exchange

(NSE) and the BSE. It marked the welcoming of

our valued retail and institutional shareholders

into the Company. The NSE further included

the equity shares of UTI AMC in the Nifty500

index w.e.f. from 1 March 2021. Besides, as

a testimony to the commitment of delivering

value to our stakeholders, we took the leap by

coming out with our first public Annual Report,

in the form of an Integrated Report <IR>.

As a Company, we have always believed in

constantly evolving. And this <IR> is a part

of our evolutionary journey. It is a step closer

towards our endeavour of maintaining integrity

and transparency in all our communications.

Our entry in this space is in line with the existing

global trends of reporting.

Last year, despite the challenges and the

subsequent business impact, we managed

to progress; determined and backed by our

commitment of delivering increasing value for

our stakeholders. We restructured our sales

and marketing functions, focussed more on

distribution & digital outreach, improved our

fund performance, incorporated ESG processes

and strengthened credit research processes.

Additionally, we put in place policies and

governance systems wherever required for a well-

run listed Company.

The pandemic made us rethink our priorities.

However, our conviction of becoming a more

robust investment-led organisation is something

we have never deviated from. We have been

progressively continuing to do so, supported by

our rich 55+ years’ legacy and lineage. The

same was reflected in the performance of the

Company during the year.

“Last year, despite the

challenges and the subsequent

business impacts, we managed

to progress; determined and

backed by our commitments of

delivering increasing value for

our stakeholders.”

6

annUaL RePORt 2020-21

corporate overview:

Dear Shareholders,

It gives me immense pleasure to present our Company’s

first Annual Report after its public offer and listing on the

Stock Exchanges. The listing was a momentous occasion

in the illustrious history of UTI and I would like to take this

opportunity to thank the Government of India, SEBI and the

Shareholders for their support in the successful completion of

the IPO.

The past year was undoubtedly challenging in many ways.

We witnessed several developments that affected business

and the macroeconomic environment across countries.

The shared experience of combating the Covid-19 induced

pandemic has strengthened multilateralism in global trade

relations. Despite the uncertainties around renewed waves and

new variants of the virus, the International Monetary Fund (IMF)

expects the global economy to grow by 6% in 2021, up by

30 bps relative to their previous forecast. With the pandemic

emerging as a critical risk during March 2020, the major

benchmark indices viz. SENSEX and Nifty50 fell to 29,468 and

8,597, respectively, as on 31 March 2020. The Equity and

Hybrid category funds saw significant erosion in the market

value due to correction in the equity market. The financial year

2020-21 began amidst challenges but ended with optimism.

The BSE Sensex hit a record high during 2020-21 on 16

February 2021 to cross the 52,000 mark – a testimony to the

confidence of investors in India’s growth story. The economic

initiatives and welfare measures of the Government of India

along with large scale vaccination programmes also helped in

boosting investor sentiments.

Journey of MF industry and UtI aMC

The Indian MF industry, recorded a healthy 18% CAGR for

the decade, registering more than five-fold growth in AUM

from INR 5,92,250 crore as on 31March 2011 to INR

31,42,764 crore as on 31March 2021. For the year 2020-

21 itself, the industry grew by 41%, along with increasing

geographical spread and broadening of the investor base.

For us, a significant development during 2020-21 was the

high share of our gross sales under Equity Funds. This was

visible in incremental market share, even though it was

impacted by net outflow for the industry and also maturity of

closed-ended schemes. During the year, UTI Mutual Fund

added 5.52 lakh new SIP accounts, a jump of over 62%

compared to the previous year.

Overall, we witnessed good equity performance,

stabilisation and turnaround in Income Fund performance,

regained lost market share, added investor folios, expanded

distribution through banks, fintech, and increased digital

onboarding.

I am happy to inform you that we have continued to focus

on the smaller cities and towns of the country. As a result,

as of March 2021, 23% of our total MAAUM (Monthly

Average Assets Under Management) came from B-30 cities

compared to 16% for the industry. We will continue to

maintain our focus in these cities.

8

annUaL RePORt 2020-21

corporate overview:

Managing Director of LIC.

He has also served as the Executive Director of International Operations at LIC. He holds

a B.Sc. (Honours) degree from the University of Patna. His appointment as an Independent

Director of the Company was approved by the shareholders at the Annual General

Meeting held on 23 August 2017.

Edward Cage Bernard is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Prior to joining the

Company, he was associated with the TRP group as a Vice Chairman, T. Rowe Price

Group Inc. as a Director on the Board and as a member of the firm’s Management

Committee. Currently, he is also associated with T. Rowe Price Group Inc. as a Senior

Advisor. He holds a B.A. degree in Religious Studies from Brown University and an MBA in

finance from New York University Leonard N. Stern School of Business. His appointment

as an Non-Executive Director of the Company was approved by the shareholders at the

Annual General Meeting held on 22 August 2019.

Flemming Madsen is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He is the Head of Global

Financial Intermediaries at T. Rowe Price. He is a Vice President of T. Rowe Price Group,

Inc., T. Rowe Price International Ltd and member of the EMEA Distribution Executive

Committee. He has been associated with T. Rowe Price for 21 years. His total 37 years’

experience in the financial industry includes capital markets transactions, investment

banking, and asset management. His appointment as an Non-Executive Director of the

Company was approved by the shareholders at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting held

on 20 January 2010.

Mr. Dinesh Kumar Mehrotra

Non-Executive Chairman and Independent Director

Mr. Edward Cage Bernard

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

Mr. Flemming Madsen

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

DOA: 11 April 2017

DOA: 01 October 2018

DOA: 20 January 2010

Board of Directors

42

annUaL RePORt 2020-21

corporate overview:

Managing Director and Division

Head for Turkey, Middle East and Africa region. In 2006, he moved to become the Global

co-founder of Fullerton Financial Holdings Pte. Ltd., headquartered in Singapore (a wholly-

owned subsidiary of Temasek Holdings Pte. Ltd., Singapore), where he served for 11 years

in various roles including serving on its Global Management Board, as its Executive Vice

President, Head of Consumer Banking and Head of Central and Eastern Europe, Middle

East and Africa region. Simultaneously, he also was the Founder of Dunia Finance LLC in

UAE, where he operated as its: Managing

letter of appointment

inter-alia outlining their roles, rights and responsibilities,

details of remuneration to directors, evaluation of

performance, director’s and officers’ liability insurance

coverage etc. In addition, the Company has also provided

copies of Code of Conduct for Board of Directors and

Senior Management Personnel, Terms of Reference of

respective committees and access to all other policy

documents.

During the year under review, Mr. Dinesh Kumar Mehrotra

and Mr. Narasimhan Seshadri were re-appointed as

an Independent Director of the Company for a period

of 5 consecutive years from 28 November 2020 to 27

November 2025, not liable to retire by rotation.

Ms. Uttara Dasgupta ceased to be an Independent Director

of the Company with effect from the conclusion of the 17th

Annual General Meeting held on 27 November 2020 on

account of completion of her term.

Mr. Ashok Shah resigned from the directorship of the

Company with effect from the conclusion of the 17th Annual

General Meeting held on 27 November 2020. Mr. Shah

had confirmed that the reason for resignation was personal

and there was no other reason for resignation.

The maximum tenure of Independent Directors is in

accordance with the Act and other applicable Regulations.

6.

Familiarisation Programme for Independent

Directors:

The Board had at its meeting held on 16th December, 2019

approved the Familiarisation Programme for Independent

Directors in accordance with the provisions of Section 178

of the Act and Listing Regulations, as amended.

The Company has conducted orientation programs /

presentations / training sessions for Independent Directors

at regular intervals to familiarize them with the mutual

fund industry and business model of the Company,

performance of the Company, various system and policies

adopted by the Company, Indian and Global market

update, risk management framework, achievements /

awards, management structure, HR policies, management

development, review of Internal Audit, operations of

subsidiaries and associates, digitization of business process

and update on digital marketing etc.

The Familiarisation Programme for Independent Directors

and an update on programmes conducted during the

financial year 2020-21 has been disclosed on the

Company’s website at https://www.utimf.com/uti-amc-

shareholders/corporate-governance/code-and-policies/.

7.

Board Evaluation:

The Company has in place a policy, which prescribes

procedures and criteria to evaluate the performance of

the entire Board and that of its Individual Director (Whole

Time Director, Non-Executive Director and Independent

Director) and Committees in line with the provisions of

the Act and Listing Regulations. Performance evaluation of

Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors is done

by entire Board, excluding the Director being evaluated

and the performance of Whole Time Director & CEO is

evaluated by Nomination and Remuneration Committee.

A separate meeting of the Independent Directors was

held on 27 October 2020 without the presence of non-

independent directors, wherein the performance of the

Board for FY-20 as a whole was evaluated on the grounds

of qualification, experience and contribution made at the

Board / Committee(s) meetings.

The outcome of performance evaluation of Board for FY-21

was circulated to Independent Directors and deliberated in

their meeting held on 24 April 2021. They were satisfied

with the Board’s performance for the financial year

2020-21 and also shared their valuable feedbacks on

improvement of evaluation process.

8.

Code of Conduct

The Company has in place, a Code of Conduct for its

Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel

(Code) covering the matters which are utmost importance

to the Company, its shareholders and other stakeholders

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.):

letter dated 14 August 2020 for 2020-

21. However, Office of Comptroller & Audit General of India

(C&AG) vide their: letter dated 8th February 2021 had informed

that C&AG Audit is not applicable to the Company from 2020-

21. Hence, the Chandran & Raman, Chartered Accountants will

discharge the functions as Statutory Auditors instead of C&AG

Auditors for 2020-21.

Furthermore, the Auditors’ Report for the financial year ended,

31 March, 2021 is annexed herewith for your kind perusal and

information as Annexure –3.

STANDALONE & CONSOLIDATED FINANCIALS:

Qualification in the Audit Report:

Following is the note of qualification placed by the statutory

auditors in the Audit Report:

Attention of the members is invited to the footnote to note-

4 to the Ind AS financial statements regarding fair value of

investments in certain funds as at 31 March 2021 being based

on estimate as per the unaudited statements provided by the

funds’ management. We are unable to ascertain the impact of

such non-audit of the same on these Ind AS financial statements

for the year ended on that date.

Board’s reply:

The audit of Fund is completed after the completion of valuation

of the investments, which is generally completed in the month of

May, and hence the unaudited NAVs have been provided to the

Auditor. However, the audited NAVs are not significantly different

from the unaudited NAVs.

Emphasis of Matter:

Attention of the members is invited to footnote no 1(a) to the Ind

AS financial Statement, NO Financial Statements of the Subsidiary

UTI Private Equity Limited, Mauritius has been prepared as at 31

March 2021, reliance is placed on the unaudited financials dated

26 June 2020 filed with competent authorities, the effect of net

assets and net liabilities on the consolidated financial statements

is NIL, our opinion is not qualified in respect of this matter.

Board’s reply:

UTI Private Equity Limited has filed the wounding up application

on 30th June 2020. All the documents in this respect has

been submitted to the registrar of the company, however the

clearance in this respect is still to be received. Since the approval

has not been received the last drawn financial of UTI Private

Equity Limited i.e. Financial dated 26th June 2020 has been

considered for Consolidation in consultation with the statutory

auditors.

C&AG report:

C&AG report is not applicable to the Company from the year

ended 31 March 2021 onwards.

Conservation of energy, technology absorption and

foreign exchange earnings & outgo:

A. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY:

The Company is not paying rent and hence the same is not

applicable.

B. TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION:

Since the Company is carrying on fund management activity

there is no absorption of technology.

C. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO:

Foreign exchange inflow – NIL

Foreign exchange outflow – NIL

Risk Management:

Your Company has periodic assessments to identify the risk

areas. A review of the potential risk is made and management is

briefed on the risks in advance which enables the Company to

control risk through a properly defined plan. The elements of risk

threatening the Company’s existence is very minimal.

Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”):

The Company is not covered under the mandatory provisions of

CSR under the Act, for the said financial year.

Managing Director, has resigned from his post with effect from 24 April 2020.

Mr. Venkatadri Chandrasekaran (DIN: 03126243): Managing

letter dated 05 April 2021, we further state as under

relying upon the information and explanations given

to us:

i.

The Company uses Tally ERP 9.0™ package for

recording its accounting transactions. We understand

that processing of accounting transactions outside

such IT system are minimal. Considering the limited

nature of operations of the Company, we are of the

opinion that implications of processing of accounting

transactions outside IT system on the integrity of the

accounts may not be material.

ii.

There were no cases of restructuring of an existing

loan or any waiver/write off of debts/loans/interest

etc., made by a lender to the Company due to the

Company’s inability to repay the loan, during the year

2020-21.

iii.

There were no funds received by the Company from

Central/State agencies.

For Chandran & Raman

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No. 000571S

Date: 27 April 2021

Place: Bangalore

P R Suresh

Partner

Membership No: 027488

UDIN: 21027488AAAABJ7697

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.):

Director's Fees

Christopher M W Hill

11,454

11,912

No remuneration is paid by UTI International Ltd to Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman, as he is a full time director of UTI AMC Ltd.

Details of related parties’ balances included in the statement of financial position are as follows:

Nature of Transaction

Holding Company

Key Management Personnel

Total

31-Mar-21

31-Mar-21

31-Mar-21

31-Mar-20

31-Mar-20

31-Mar-20

GBP

GBP

GBP

Outstanding balances

Trade & other receivables

146,224

-

146,224

125,860

-

125,860

Trade & other payables

225,911

-

225,911

147,003

-

147,003

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 (Contd.):

Managing Director.

34.

Previous year’s figures have been regrouped/reclassified wherever necessary, to conform to current year’s classification.

For Bansilal Shah & Co.

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration Number: 000384W

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of

UTI Retirement Solutions Limited

Sahil Kothari

Imtaiyazur Rahman

Balram P. Bhagat

Partner

Chairman & Director

CEO & Whole Time Director

Membership no.: 137144

DIN: 01818725

DIN : 01846261

Place: Mumbai

Date: 28 April 2021

UDIN NO. : 21137144AAAAAH3496

Vivek Vadwana

Shyamkumar Gupta

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Date: 27 April 2021

NOTES TO ACCOUNTS ANNEXED TO AND FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 (Contd.):

