Letter from the chairman

60

Part 1: Overview

61

Part 2: Remuneration policy

62

Part 3: Implementation of remuneration

policies

71

Shareholders’ analysis

77

Shareholders’ diary

78

About this report

79

Corporate information

80

APPENDIX:

Managing director

Moolmans

Experience: 26 years of industry and related experience

At Aveng for: One year

Edinah Mandizha (40)

Group company secretary

Experience: 14 years of industry and related experience

At Aveng for: Eight years

Liesl Tweedie (52)

Group financial controller

Experience: 25 years of industry and related experience

At Aveng for: Three years

Wouter de Gidts (66)**

Interim: managing director

Aveng Manufacturing

Experience: 41 years of industry and related experience

At Aveng for: 40 years

** These executives will cease to be Aveng key and senior management when the non-core disposal process is completed.

Key and senior management

Hercu Aucamp (52)**

Managing director

Aveng Steel

Experience: 31 years of industry and related experience

At Aveng for: Nine years

managing director of Built Environs with effect from August 2020 will focus the

business on the significantly larger markets of Victoria and New South Wales. Former: managing director Daryl Young was

appointed general manager, Queensland and Northern Territory for the Australia business unit. Greg Ford was appointed

general manager of Built Environs in New Zealand.

Wynyard Edge Alliance, New Zealand

Delivering world class marine infrastructure

Customer

Contract

Location

Project capabilities

Auckland Council

New Zealand

government

36th America’s Cup

Auckland

Marine

McConnell Dowell is a construction partner in the Wynyard Edge Alliance which is

developing the infrastructure for Auckland to host the prestigious 36th America’s Cup

in 2021. The America’s Cup is one of the oldest and most prestigious international

yachting competitions and will attract tourism to New Zealand.

Wynyard Edge is the first alliance led by the Auckland Council and draws on McConnell Dowell’s world class marine

expertise. The project has been designed to accommodate all the participants and the public for the duration of the

Cup and leave a legacy of infrastructure improvements along the waterfront.

The alliance model creates an integrated team structure where all parties work together, from the designers, to the

constructors and the client representatives. This partnership model increases the effectiveness of the design, improves

constructability, encourages sustainability and innovation in the use of materials, and saves time.

The alliance partnered with Mana Whenua to identify and manage areas of concern and the Iwi representatives are

involved in preparing, reviewing and implementing management plans.

Strategy in action – Alliance projects

managing director

in April 2019, Moolmans has appointed new safety, health and environment, business development, commercial, human

resources and engineering executives. The business has implemented an executive coaching intervention, focusing on team

collaboration and operational performance. A back to basics approach ensures rigour in human resource practices, including

the management of absenteeism, recruitment practices and remuneration practices and processes.

A review of the Moolmans training strategy is currently underway to improve the balance between internal development and

external resourcing. The scope of the review includes technical training and development.:

Letter from the

chairman: Dear stakeholders

I write to you in this period of historic

difficulty with COVID-19 impacting

nearly every aspect of life. Against this

background, we report on the difficult

decisions the remuneration committee

(remcom) have had to make during the

current financial year as well as our

proposed plans for financial year 2021

regarding executive remuneration.

Aveng’s strategy, as reported in last

year’s remuneration report, of

focusing on profitably growing our

core businesses while completing the

disposals of the remaining non-core

assets, was well on track when we

reported our interim results in

February. This was demonstrated with

operating profit of R99 million from the

core businesses in contrast to an

operating loss of R307 million for the

prior year comparative period.

Operating free cash flow (OFCF) was

also significantly improved at a

positive R383 million compared to a

negative R555 million in the prior year

comparable period. In addition, good

progress on the disposal of non-core

businesses had been achieved.

Prior to lockdown being announced,

the Company was at an advanced

stage of negotiating the sale of Trident

Steel, ACS, GEL, Grinaker and

Duraset, with non-binding offers

received, values agreed, and draft

sale of business agreements having

been exchanged. These were all

immediately put on hold once

lockdown was announced.

Following the lockdown and after the

reporting period closed, these sale

processes have been resuscitated

and GEL, Grinaker and Duraset now

have signed agreements subject, in

some instances, to regulatory

approvals.

As part of the interim reporting

process, the remcom evaluated how

the executives were performing

against the scorecard metrics for the

short-term incentive (STI). Based on

the actual interim results versus the

targets set per the scorecard the

executives were on track to achieve

77% of their targets. This first half

review confirmed that the incentive

scheme was yielding the desired

result and rewarding executives

appropriately for achieving

challenging business goals. This is

obviously not the case at year end

post the COVID-19 pandemic impact.

The COVID-19 global pandemic

arrived in South Africa in early March

and by the end of March the South

African economy went into complete

lockdown until 30 April 2020.

In addition, the majority of our

Australian, New Zealand and

Southeast Asian markets went into

some form of lockdown with varying

degrees of severity. As reported in the

Group finance director’s report,

COVID-19 had a R398 million impact

on earnings before interest and tax

(EBIT) and R485 million impact on

OFCF. This resulted in a liquidity crisis

for the Group which was addressed

with immediate action taken by the

Board and ultimately the significant

contribution from the Group

employees by accepting a no-work-

no-pay policy in South Africa and the

Board and senior management taking

voluntary salary reductions.

In our South African business, the

entire Board accepted a 30% salary

reduction for the months of April, May

and June and senior management

also agreed to voluntary salary

reductions. Voluntary contributions

and the no-work-no-pay policy

implemented at the South African

business resulted in a total savings of

R168 million.

Similarly, in our Australian, New

Zealand and Southeast Asian

businesses salary reductions of

between 20% and 40% for senior

management for the months of May

and June were implemented.

The CEO, FD and non-executive

directors of McConnell Dowell

voluntarily agreed to a 40% reduction

for May and June; the McConnell

Dowell exco 30% and all others

impacted 20%. These measures

applied to c.70 staff in total and

resulted in savings of AUD1 million

across the region.

In addition to the above salary

sacrifices, the Group implemented

initiatives to contain costs, preserve

cash flow, renegotiate a significant

loss-making contract in Moolmans,

secure rental holidays and additional

liquidity lines with funders to survive

the impact of COVID-19. McConnell

Dowell decided to settle two legacy

claims to eliminate litigation

uncertainty, turn off ongoing legal

costs and release AUD42,5 million

(R508 million) of cash. Due to these

immediate actions, the Group survived

the pandemic

Performance

The performance of the business and

the impact of COVID-19 has been

extensively covered in the FD’s report

but it is noteworthy to mention that the

core businesses being: 1) Moolmans

reported an operating profit of

R38 million secured even after losses

on its Gamsberg contract and the

R66 million losses as a result of

COVID-19; and 2) McConnell Dowell

reported a AUD6 million (R63 million)

EBIT (excluding the non-cash

impairment of AUD19,5 million)

(R225 million) but including the

COVID-19 losses of AUD7 million

(R221 million).

Both businesses have proved resilient

post the lockdown from both a revenue

and profitability perspective and are

delivering according to the strategic

plan and budget. Unfortunately, the

manufacturing assets of Duraset and

Infraset, continued to incur losses.

Trident Steel is profitable and

performing to expectations.

The commitment from the executives,

throughout the Group, during this very

challenging year has been exemplary

and progress continues to be made

against the Group’s strategy.

This report is split into three sections

covering the following:

Part 1: Overview: Covering the work

performed by the remcom during the

year; as well as our future areas of

focus for the 2021 financial year.

Part 2: Remuneration policy.

Part 3: Implementation of

remuneration policies.

The Board will put both the

remuneration policy and the

implementation report forward for

non-binding advisory shareholder

resolutions at the upcoming annual

general meeting (AGM).

I look forward to your support on the

above-mentioned resolutions.

MJ Kilbride

letter, the COVID-19

pandemic had a significant impact on

the business, its employees and all

other stakeholders. As a result, it

consumed the attention of the remcom

in determining appropriate

remuneration strategies for both the

current year and next year’s

remuneration policy.

Work performed by the

committee during financial

year ended June 2020

The remcom carefully considered the

impact of COVID-19 on employee

wellbeing, the necessity to continue

to retain key talent and the ability of

Aveng to implement remuneration

policies that were formulated prior to

the dramatically changed social and

economic environment. To this end,

the remcom decided to implement a

number of measures to take into

account the impact of COVID-19.

These include:

• All employees including the Board

and executive teams received zero

percent increases unless it was

related to a promotion or other

exceptional circumstances. The

only Board member to obtain a fee

increase is PA Hourquebie as a result

of his recent appointment as

chairman of the Board. Given his

increased responsibilities his fees

have been based on external

benchmarking data as well as taking

into consideration his non-resident

status. The proposed fees are set out

in part 3 for approval.

• While certain of the performance

targets of the STI were met (as set out

in part 3) and would have resulted in

a small bonus pool, the CEO

proposed to the remcom that no

bonuses are paid which the remcom

has endorsed.

• The metrics for the FY2021 STI were

carefully considered, and while

consideration was given to reducing

the weighting of “hard” financial

targets as a result of the difficulty

of forecasting in a COVID-19

environment, it was concluded by

the remcom that 80% of the metrics

should still be weighted towards

financial metrics as this was critical

to delivering the approved strategy.

• Hence the metrics and targets have

been re-evaluated and the relevant

financial metrics have been included

in the scorecard in part 2.

• Review of the composition of the

Board and tenure of executive

directors and non-executive directors.

New committee chairpersons were

appointed following the appointment

of Mr PA Hourquebie as chairman of

the Board.

• The limited duration contract of the

CEO came up for renewal during the

year and it was unanimously decided

by both the Board and remcom to

renegotiate a revised employment

contract to secure the CEO on a

further three-year limited duration

contract to the end of June 2023 in

order to ensure the turnaround plan

is completed and the strategy is

well executed.

While COVID-19 has had a devastating

impact on the business and

employees, post-COVID-19 global

lockdowns, the Group has continued

to employ the required talent to grow

and develop the business.

This includes:

• McConnell Dowell has continued to

recruit new senior management to

expand its skill base and geographic

presence in the markets in which it

operates with a number of new senior

appointments completed within the

last six months.

• Moolmans continues to enhance its

leadership team with the majority of

the leadership appointments

now complete.

Future areas of focus

To address the challenges that Aveng

is facing, the remcom will focus on the

following matters during FY2021:

• Re-evaluate the current mix of

remuneration and the

appropriateness thereof.

• Continue to evaluate internal and

external equity across the Group.

• Carefully consider the

appropriateness of the STI and

Long-term Incentive (LTI) and

consider what/if any changes

are required.

• Re-evaluation of the LTI, including

share ownership for executives and

other senior management (minimum

shareholding requirement policy to

be incorporated at the same time).

• The LTI from the prior year remains

in place and the targets set for the

three-year period are still intact but

will obviously be more difficult to

achieve as a result of the impact of

COVID-19. There is no intention to

reset the performance targets.

• As no benchmarking was performed

for executive and non-executive

director fees for 2021 (except for the

chairman fees), it is likely that we will

conduct a survey during 2021 and

based on the results consider whether

executive director and non-executive

director fees are market related;

whether the remuneration mix is still

relevant and whether any adjustments

are required.

Statement of fairness and

responsibility

We are constantly reviewing the way in

which we remunerate our employees

to ensure that our pay is fair,

responsible and transparent.

Our employees’ remuneration should

be deemed impartial, objective and

rational. We continue to strive to

ensure this is implemented across

the Group.

External advisers

The Group used DG Capital to

provide advice regarding executive

remuneration and incentives.

The remcom considered and

interrogated this advice in order

to discharge their mandate.:

Managing Director on 1 April 2019.

10 SPF White resigned on 31 January 2019.

11 S Cummins earnings disclosed in AUD’000. Salary amount includes vehicle benefits allowance.:

