letter

10

Our business model

12

OUR STRATEGIC BUSINESS

CONTEXT

Operating environment

14

Stakeholder relationships

16

Material matters

18

Risk considerations

22

Group strategy

24

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

Value-added statement

26

Chief executive officer’s review

28

Chief financial officer’s review

30

Five year review

32

Summary of ratios and statistics

33

Delivering value in our communities

34

GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES

AND PRACTICES

Our board of directors

36

Corporate governance review

38

Statement of compliance

40

Remuneration report

42

ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

Report of the audit and risk committee

50

Certificate by company secretary

51

Directors’ responsibility and approval

52

Directors’ report

53

Independent auditor’s report

55

Annual financial statements

60

Accounting policies and notes to

the financial statements

65

SUPPLEMENTARY

INFORMATION

Analysis of shareholders

113

Shareholders’ diary

113

Notice of annual general meeting and form of proxy

114

Corporate information

IBC

This report has been prepared taking into consideration the

International Framework of the International Integrated Reporting

Council (IIRC) and provides our stakeholders with an assessment of

our ability to create value over the short-, medium- and long-term.

As the concepts and practices of reporting develop, management

will continue to improve disclosures and application as deemed

appropriate.

The report takes into consideration the principles and practices

contained in the South African King Code of Governance Principles

2017 (“King IVTM”). The consolidated annual financial statements

have been prepared in accordance with International Financial

Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and the South African Companies

Act as well as considering the listings requirements of the BSE and

4AX. The consolidated financial statements also separately disclose

the financial statements of the holding company.

This report is produced and published annually. The primary

objective of this report is to provide a greater understanding of

the group’s strategy and business model, operating environment,

material risks, governance and performance, covering the year

1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020. Any material events after

this date and up to the board approval date of 17 May 2021 have

also been included.

This report covers the primary activities of the CA&S Group’s

subsidiaries and associates operating in the Southern African

region. The report provides insight in both financial and non-

financial matters associated with our key stakeholders, which have

a significant influence on our ability to create value.

The remuneration report on page 42 is specifically relevant to the

holding company’s employees and policies.

This report is primarily intended to address the information

requirements of investors. We also present information relevant to

the way we create value for other key stakeholders, including our

staff, clients, regulators and society.

RESPONSIBILITY AND APPROVAL

The board of directors (“board”) acknowledges its responsibility of

ensuring the integrity of this integrated report, which in its opinion

addresses all the issues that are material to the group’s ability to

create value and fairly presents the integrated performance of the

CA&S Group. The board has applied its collective mind to the

preparation and presentation of this report and believes that it has

been prepared in accordance with the IIRC <IR> Framework.

The board of directors of CA&S Group approved this report on

17 May 2021.

ABOUT THIS REPORT:

LETTER:

letter, page 10

• Corporate social investment section in the IAR, page 34

• Corporate governance section in the IAR, page 38

4.

The governing body should appreciate that the group’s core

purpose, its risks and opportunities, strategy, business model,

performance and sustainable development are all inseparable

elements of the value creation process.

• Organisational overview section, page 2 to 24

• CEO’s report, page 28

• CFO’s report, page 30

• Corporate governance section in the IAR, page 38

5.

The governing body should ensure that reports issued by the

group enable stakeholders to make informed assessments of

the group’s performance, and its short, medium and long-term

prospects.

• IAR in its entirety

• All other announcements published on the Botswana Stock

Exchange and 4 Africa Exchange News Services

6.

The governing body should serve as the focal point and

custodian of the corporate governance in the group.

• Corporate governance section in the IAR, page 38

7.

The governing body should comprise the appropriate balance

of knowledge, skills, experience, diversity and independence

for it to discharge its governance role and responsibilities

objectively and effectively.

• Details of the board of directors, page 36

• Corporate governance section in the IAR, page 38

8.

The governing body should ensure that its arrangements for

delegation within its own structures promote independent

judgement and assist with balance of power and the effective

discharge of its duties.

• Corporate governance section in the IAR, page 38

9.

The governing body should ensure that the evaluation of its

own performance and that of its committees, its chair and its

individual members, support continued improvement in its

performance and effectiveness.

• Corporate governance section in the IAR, page 38

10. The governing body should ensure that the appointment of,

and delegation to, management contribute to role clarity and

effective exercise of authority and responsibilities.

• Corporate governance section in the IAR, page 38

11. The governing body should govern risk in a way that supports

the group in setting and achieving its strategic objectives.

• Chairman’s: letter, page 10

• CEO’s report, page 28

• CFO’s report, page 30

• Corporate governance section in the IAR, page 38

