Letter to shareholders

75

Shareholders’ diary

75

Notice of annual general

meeting

76

Form of proxy

86

Definitions

88

Administration

IBC

Audit and risk committee

report

57

Summarised consolidated

statement of financial

position

61

Summarised consolidated

statement of profit or loss

and other comprehensive

income

62

Headline earnings and

EBIT reconciliations

63

Summarised consolidated

statement of changes in

equity

64

Summarised consolidated

statement of cash flows

65

Summarised consolidated

segmental analysis

66

Notes to the summarised

consolidated annual

financial statements

68

OUR CAPITALS

Our relevance as a business depends on how we effectively utilise the various capitals available to us and the impact we make by leveraging

our business strategy against these capitals.

FINANCIAL

Cash resources, bank funding

NATURAL

Water, electricity, fuel

SOCIAL

Relationship and supply

MANUFACTURED

Material handling equipment, rental

and leasing fleets lubricants blending

HUMAN

Product and technical skills

INTELLECTUAL

Technical, supply chain skills,

drive and core values

Read more in this report

Read more online on

www.enxgroup.co.za

enX INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

1:

managing director of Fordworks

and Associates in New York,

senior manager at Armscor in

Pretoria, Vice Chairperson at

Washington Strategic Consulting

Group Inc. in Washington DC,

as well as the director of state

and local government affairs

at America Express in New

York. In September 2020, he

was appointed by Parliament

as a full-time Councillor for the

Independent Communications

Authority of South Africa

(ICASA) for a four-year term.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

ROLES AND

RESPONSIBILITIES

Audit and risk committee

Remuneration and nomination committee

Social and ethics committee

86

White

Black

GENDER

RACE

RACE

14

Male

Female

Independent

Non-Independent

Executive

NON-EXECUTIVE

DIRECTORS

RACE

GENDER

INDEPENDEN

29

71

GENDER

INDEPENDENCE

RACE

RACE

22

34

44

Refer to the website for executive management team.

86

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ACTING SUSTAINABLY

OUR ACCOUNTABILITY

OUR PERFORMANCE

OUR GROUP

ABOUT THIS REPORT

enX INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

9:

Letter to shareholders

75

Shareholders’ diary

75

Notice of annual general meeting

76

Form of proxy

85

Definitions

88

Administration

IBC

07

72

enX INTEGRATED REPORT 2020:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Dear shareholder,

On behalf of the board of directors (“the board”), you are invited to attend the annual general meeting (meeting) of enX Group Limited

(“enX” or “the company”) which will be held on Friday, 19 March 2021 at 10:00 at Ninth Floor, Katherine Towers, 1 Park Lane, Sandton,

Gauteng.

In line with enX’s focus on sustainability and commitment towards creating a greener environment, the integrated report, which includes

the consolidated annual financial statements and governance reports will not be mailed to shareholders. Instead, these documents may

be viewed on the company’s website www.enxgroup.co.za or can be requested from the company secretary at enx@acorim.co.za or

telephonically on +27 11 966 2000.

The board recognises the importance of its shareholders’ presence at the meeting. This is an opportunity for you to meet and engage

with members of the board regarding the company’s performance for the year ended 31 August 2020 and to participate in discussions

relating to items included in this meeting notice. The chairpersons of the various board committees, senior members of management as

well as the company’s external auditors will be present to respond to questions from shareholders.

The date on which you must be registered as a shareholder in the company’s register for the purposes of being entitled to attend and vote

at the meeting is Friday, 12 March 2021 (record date). The last day to trade in enX shares in order to be eligible to vote at the meeting is

therefore Tuesday, 9 March 2021. Only shareholders who are physically present at the meeting or represented by a valid proxy or: letter

of representation will be entitled to vote on any matter put to a vote of shareholders. If you are unable to attend the meeting, you are

welcome to forward any questions you would like to address to the members of the board to the company secretary at enx@acorim.co.za

and they will be answered on the day of the meeting. All questions should be sent by Thursday, 11 March 2021.

letter of representation to represent the registered holder in respect of

your shares from your Central Securities Depository Participant (“CDSP”) or broker;

• And do not wish to attend the meeting but would like your vote to be recorded at the meeting, you should contact the registered holder

in respect of your shares through your CSDP or broker and furnish them with your voting instructions; and

• You must not complete the attached form of proxy.

Kindly note that meeting participants (including proxies) are required to provide reasonably satisfactory identification before being

entitled to attend or participate in a meeting. In this regard, all shareholders recorded in the registers of the company on the voting

record date will be required to provide identification satisfactory to the Chairman of the annual general meeting. Forms of identification

include valid identity documents, driver’s licenses and passports.

QUORUM

A quorum for the purposes of considering the resolutions below shall consist of three shareholders of the company personally present

or represented by a proxy (and if the shareholder is a body corporate, the representative of the body corporate) and entitled to vote at the

annual general meeting. In addition, a quorum shall comprise 25% of all voting rights entitled to be exercised by shareholders in respect

of the resolutions below.

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

07

76

enX INTEGRATED REPORT 2020:

