letter, terms, audit plan and

budgeted fees for the 2020 financial year;

•

considered the nature of extent of non-audit

services provided by the external auditor for

the financial year ended 31 March 2020 and the

fees thereof to ensure the independence of the

external auditor is maintained;

•

reviewed the external audit report on the annual

financial statements and confirmed no reportable

irregularities were identified or reported by the

external auditor;

•

reviewed the accounting policies and

consolidated annual financial statements for the

year ended 31 March 2020 and based on the

information provided to the Committee, considers

the Group complies, in all material aspects,

with the requirements of International Financial

Reporting Standards, the SAICA Financial

Reporting Guides (as issued by the Accounting

Practices Committee), the Financial Reporting

Procurements (as issued by the Financial

Reporting Standards Council), the manner

required by the Companies Act, and the JSE

Listing Requirements;

•

satisfied itself in terms of paragraph 3.84(g)(i)

of the JSE Listing Requirements that the chief

financial officer, as well as the finance function,

has the appropriate expertise and experience; and

•

reviewed and ensured that the consolidated

interim condensed financial statements of the

Group, in respect of the first six-month period of

the financial year, complied with all statutory and

regulatory requirements.

INTERNAL AUDIT

The Committee has oversight of the Group’s financial

statements and reporting process, which includes the

system of internal financial control. It is responsible

for ensuring that the Group’s internal audit function

is independent and has the necessary resources,

standing and authority in the organisation to

discharge its duties. The Committee is responsible for

the appointment of the internal auditors who report

directly to the Chair of the Committee. The Group

has appointed GRIPP Advisory Proprietary Limited to

perform the internal audit function. The Committee

oversees cooperation between internal and external

auditors, and serves as a link between the Board of

directors and these functions. In assessing the system

of internal control, the Committee reviewed the

internal audit reports and interrogated the findings

directly with the internal auditors.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL

CONTROL

The Board acknowledges that it is accountable for

the process of risk management, and the system

of internal control of the Group. The Committee is

accountable to the Board for monitoring the risk

management process. However, the Committee does

not assume the functions of management, which

remain the responsibility of the executive directors,

officers and other members of senior management.

The Committee’s responsibilities in terms of risk are to

ensure that:

•

management designs, implements and monitors

the risk management policies (as approved by

the Board);

•

risk assessments are performed on an ongoing

basis;:

