Letter to Shareholders

11

Financial highlights

12

Geographical footprint

14

Operational overview

36

Shareholders’ snapshot

38

Board of directors

41

Report of the audit and risk committee

45

Report of the remuneration committee

• Remuneration principles

• Remuneration implementation report

53

Report of the social and ethics committee

• Broad-based black empowerment

• Health and public safety

• Environmental sustainability

• Corporate social investment – HCI Foundation

73

Directors’ report

75

Approval of annual financial statements

75

Declaration by company secretary

76

Condensed consolidated financial statements

• Consolidated statement of financial position

• Consolidated statement of profit or loss

• Reconciliation of headline earnings

• Consolidated statement of other comprehensive income

• Consolidated statement of changes in equity

• Consolidated statement of cash flows

• Segmental analysis

• Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements

89

Notice to members

Corporate administration (inside back cover)

Proxy form (inserted)

I N T E G R AT E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0

H O S K E N C O N S O L I D AT E D I N V E S T M E N T S L I M I T E D:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

REFLECTIONS ON SA AND THE APPROPRIATE INVESTMENT

STRATEGY FOR HCI IN THE CIRCUMSTANCES

The elephant in the room – Covid-19:

Warren Buffett had the insight to sell all his company’s interests

in four airline companies in December 2019 and thereby avoid

the avalanche that hit the tourism industry as little as two

months later. HCI had no such brilliance.

Instead, our efforts at ameliorating our key weakness were

premised on an assumption that has not held up in the

current crisis. We correctly identiﬁ ed a risk of our debt growing

uncomfortably high. In consequence, we sought to restructure

our primary asset, Tsogo, to better use the cash it generated.

As it turned out minorities blocked the transaction we had

proposed and the effort came to nought. We were undeniably

disappointed.

The truth is, however, we had missed the key risk in

the whole debate, namely that a devastating pandemic

might shut down the entirety of Tsogo’s businesses, from

hotels through gaming, and turn it from being the reliable

producer of well over a billion rand a year in profits to one

that would be unable to receive a single paying guest in the

18 800 bed facilities that it owns or manages, nor accept

a single bet on its more than 19 300 gaming machines.

No doubt the resisting minorities were instinctively far more

alive to this threat than we were (though it must be said they

hid it well).

The key fact, however, is that unlike Buffett we missed the

signiﬁ cance of the arrival of Covid-19 until it resulted in the

complete closure of our primary businesses.

Our company has been lambasted by the Covid-19 tsunami

and forced to give up all the gains it has made in the last

15 years. Its shares plunged from around R100 a share a year

ago to a ﬁ fth of that.

HCI and its Debt:

Apart from the virus teaching the humble and the arrogant

alike a lesson in humility, it has compelled us, no matter how

belatedly, to reassess the durability of what we have built over

the last two decades.

To start with, the key weakness. HCI currently has too much

debt for its own long term good.

For decades, we have taken pride in the notion that we are

a business with more ideas than money. Up to now, we have

always worked on an assumption that while one needs to be

JA Copelyn

Chief Executive Officer

4

I N T E G R AT E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0

H O S K E N C O N S O L I D AT E D I N V E S T M E N T S L I M I T E D:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)

6

I N T E G R AT E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0

H O S K E N C O N S O L I D AT E D I N V E S T M E N T S L I M I T E D:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)

that for the moment as the lockdown wrecked much

progress in the division.

It prevented a great many residential tenants from leaving

their residences other than to occasionally shop. They

struggled without adequate income and we were obliged

to accommodate rental relief requests; likewise, many small

businesses and professional offices were forced to close

their doors through the lockdown. There was a general

argument raised that no rental was payable where people

were prevented by regulation from trading. Irrespective

of the legal merits of this, one had to be realistic and

accommodate pleas for rental relief in such cases and even

where tenants were allowed to partially trade, granting rental

deferments was unavoidable.

Given that the division is geared, the failure to collect much

rental due has moved this division from a bustling growing

portfolio to one that is clinging to its cash resources.

Ultimately, we remain confident that the division is perfectly

sound, that the rentals on our properties will recover and that

division will continue to grow. Nevertheless, the disruption

has effectively set the division back at least a year and quite

possibly some properties like the convention business will

take longer to get back on their feet.

Manufacturing and Distribution:

Despite some weak areas, Deneb was having a reasonable

year until the last few weeks of the ﬁnancial year. We had

decided to dispose of both Winelands and Frame Knitting. The

former was ﬁnally sold just a few weeks before the lockdown

while discussions to dispose of Frame Knitting were aborted

and we decided to close it down.

Virtually all its manufacturing businesses were obliged to close

in the lockdown.

Reopening has its own difﬁculties, particularly with all

the limitations required to comply with health and safety

requirements to meet the pandemic.

This is by no means just a South African problem. Oops which

sells into the Northern Italian market was particularly hard

hit as thousands of deaths overwhelmed everything in their

neighbourhood for months.

We reported last year that Formex had committed to a

signiﬁcant expansion. Having added capacity just as the world

imploded was seriously unfortunate timing. We hope the

recovery of the motor assembly industry will be relatively rapid

but clearly the company has a harder road to travel than we

had anticipated when we commended the expansion.

The closures of subsidiaries within Deneb is very damaging to

the earnings/loss of the manufacturing and distribution holding

company, yet steadily cleaning it out of marginal businesses

has been unavoidable. In many ways we could have saved

ourselves a lot of effort and frustration by simply closing them

all down in the ﬁrst place; but there are many considerations,

including the loss of livelihoods of many people, that oblige one

to try to save whatever can be saved. We still have one or two

businesses that are weak and may not survive but the losses

they will generate on closure are not nearly as signiﬁcant as the

ones we have had to shut down already.

In times like these of the current pandemic, reinventing

businesses, ﬁnding new things to do and new people to sell to

is a must if one is to survive. Those who have the commitment

to doing so may just emerge stronger than they were. We

are lucky to have innovative and determined people running

each of our divisions. We are committed both to outlasting the

ravages of Covid-19 and to growing into new spaces that are

opened up by it passing through our lives.

Casinos and Hotels:

For the last decade and more, the majority of the value sitting

in HCI has been its interest in Tsogo Sun. Actually, the HCI

share price might fairly be described as a discounted proxy

for the Tsogo share price through most of that period. More

importantly, Tsogo’s dividends have been the primary base that

has allowed HCI to build its interest in other sectors.

We restructured the company to separate the hotel business

from the gaming business last year. Since then a number of

changes have been implemented to thin out the corporate

head ofﬁce and more broadly to reduce overheads. While such

changes are always costly up front, the beneﬁt is a recurring

improvement to the bottom line.

Our hope was that our ﬁnancial 2021 would have seen the

beneﬁts of these changes come through to its bottom line. In

its place the whole business was shut down for months. The

combined cash cost of both businesses standing amounted to

over R200 million a month.

We made the most extensive proposals to government

undertaking many modiﬁcations to the way in which we

conduct business, the combined effect of which was to

reduce the risk of transmission of the virus to levels well below

that of hosts of industries that had been permitted to reopen.

After a hiatus of three months in which we were effectively

completely barred from trading, rationality ultimately prevailed

before irreversible damage was done to fundamentally good

businesses. The reopening of casinos has been more rapid

8

I N T E G R AT E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0

H O S K E N C O N S O L I D AT E D I N V E S T M E N T S L I M I T E D:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)

John Copelyn

Chief Executive Officer

Cape Town

24 August 2020

10

I N T E G R AT E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0

H O S K E N C O N S O L I D AT E D I N V E S T M E N T S L I M I T E D:

letter of representation from it; alternatively

• if you are unable to attend the annual general meeting

but wish to be represented at the meeting, you must

contact your CSDP or broker, as the case may be, and

furnish it with your voting instructions in respect of the

annual general meeting and / or request it to appoint

a proxy. You must not complete the attached form of

proxy. The instructions must be provided in accordance

with the mandate between yourself and your CSDP

or broker, as the case may be, within the time period

required by your CSDP or broker, as the case may be.

CSDPs, brokers or their nominees, as the case may be,

recorded in the Company’s sub-register as holders of

dematerialised shares held on behalf of an investor/beneficial

owner in terms of STRATE should, when authorised in terms

of their mandate or instructed to do so by the person on

behalf of whom they hold dematerialised shares, vote by

either appointing a duly authorised representative to attend

and vote at the annual general meeting or by completing the

attached form of proxy in accordance with the instructions

thereon and returning it to the office of the Company’s

transfer secretaries Computershare Investor Services

(Pty) Limited, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank 2196

(PO Box 61051, Marshalltown, 2107) to be received by

11h30 on 14 October 2020 for administrative purposes,

or delivering such form by hand thereafter to the Company

Secretary, before the proxy exercises any rights of the

shareholder at the meeting. In order to facilitate proceedings

at the annual general meeting, shareholders intending

to appoint a proxy are requested to do so as soon as is

reasonably practical.

In accordance with section 63(1) of the Act, participants

at the annual general meeting will be required to provide

proof of identification to the reasonable satisfaction of

the chairman of the annual general meeting and must

accordingly provide a copy of their identity document,

passport or driver’s licence at the annual general meeting

for verification.

Shareholders of the Company that are companies, that

wish to participate in the annual general meeting, may

authorise any person to act as its representative at the

annual general meeting.

Voting at the annual general meeting:

On a show of hands, every shareholder present in person (or

by way of electronic participation) or represented by proxy at

the annual general and entitled to vote, shall have only one

vote irrespective of the number of shares such shareholder

holds. On a poll, shareholders present in person (or by way of

electronic participation) or represented by proxy at the annual

general and entitled to vote, shall be entitled to 1 vote per

ordinary share held by such shareholder.

Unless otherwise speciﬁcally provided in this notice of annual

general meeting, for any of the ordinary resolutions to be

adopted, 50% of the voting rights plus 1 vote exercised on

each such ordinary resolution must be exercised in favour

thereof. For any special resolutions to be adopted, at least

75% of the voting rights exercised on each special resolution

must be exercised in favour thereof.

Details of directors, shareholders, share capital and analysis

of shareholders, no-change statement and directors’

responsibility statement.

The integrated annual report of which this notice of annual

general meeting forms part, provides details of:

• the directors and management of the Company, including

brief CVs of the directors nominated for re-election,

on pages 38 and 40;

• the major shareholders of the Company on page 37;

• the directors’ interests in securities on page 50; and

• the share capital of the Company in note 17 and an

analysis of shareholders on page 36.

No-change statement:

Other than the facts and developments reported on in the

integrated annual report, there have been no material changes

to the Company and its subsidiaries (“the group”) ﬁnancial

or trading position, nor are there any legal or arbitration

proceedings that may materially affect the ﬁnancial position

of the group between the signature date of the audit report

and the date of this notice.

Director’s responsibility statement:

The directors, whose names appear on inside back cover of the

integrated annual report, collectively and individually, accept

full responsibility for the accuracy of the information given in

this notice and certify that, to the best of their knowledge and

belief, that there are no facts that have been omitted which

would make any statement in this notice false or misleading,

and that all reasonable enquiries to ascertain such facts have

been made and that the annual report and this notice of annual

general meeting contains all information required by the Listings

Requirements of the JSE (“JSE Listings Requirements”).

NOTICE TO MEMBERS (CONTINUED):

