Managing Director

Joined Hulamin in 2009

MARLENE

JANNEKER (47)

Human Capital

Joined Hulamin in 1995

Exco demographics

EXECUTIVE DEMOGRAPHICS

The Executive Committee is

responsible for delivering the

strategic objectives as set

by the Board of Directors.

The Group Executive Committee

is an experienced management

team that comprises the

Chief Executive Officer,

the Chief Financial Officer and

four other suitably skilled and

experienced members of

senior management.

Refer to our website at www.hulamin.co.za for a detailed résumé of the

Board of Directors and of the Executive Committee.

White male

50%

ACI male

17%

ACI female

33%

ACI: African, Coloured and Indian

LAREN MICHAEL

FARQUHARSON (48)3

Acting Chief Financial Officer

Joined Hulamin in 2004 and

Rejoined in 2015

ZITHULELE

GUMEDE (48)4

Portfolio and Investment

Joined Hulamin in 1991 and

rejoined in 2017

1

Resigned from Hulamin with effect from 31 October 2020.

2

Appointment as Chief Financial Officer and director 1 April 2021.

3

Appointed as Acting Chief Financial Officer for the period 1 November 2020 to 31 March 2021.

4

Appointed as Executive Committee member with effect from 19 March 2020.

5

Resigned as director with effect from 28 February 2020.

Note: Ages quoted are at 31 December 2020.

ANTON PAUL

KRULL (46)1

Chief Financial Officer

Joined Hulamin in 2008

Rejoined Hulamin in 2016:

Managing Director is also in

attendance.

A set number of executive-led reviews are in place for each of the key business functions and they lead up to the Management Business Review

(MBR), Hulamin’s decision-making forum.

The IBP process and policy is documented, change management and buy-in to the IBP process is incorporated as part of onboarding of employees,

and best practices are followed by continuously striving for Class A certification.

To ensure that IBP is successful, the following three main components

are constantly being improved and managed accordingly.:

Dear Shareholders

It is with pleasure that I present to you the remuneration report for the 2020 financial year,

on behalf of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee (Remco). The purpose of this report

is to provide stakeholders with a detailed summary of the organisation-wide philosophy and

policy pertaining to remuneration at Hulamin. In accordance with Hulamin’s dedication to being

a responsible corporate citizen, this report has been aligned to follow best practice reporting

standards, incorporating the King IV Report on j1 (King IV™) and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange

(JSE) Listings Requirements.

In almost all areas of the business, 2020 was a challenging year for Hulamin. In this context, no

short-term incentive (STI) bonus was paid due to the business not achieving financial performance

targets. Employees outside the bargaining unit were not awarded salary increases on the back of

the restructuring exercise undertaken in 2019, and as a result of the focus on cost containment.

The 2016 Share Appreciation Rights scheme (“SARs”) award scheduled to vest in 2020 also did not

vest as a result of financial performance targets missed in 2019.

Mrs NNA Matyumza retired from the Hulamin Board in 2020. Mrs Matyumza had been a Board

member since March 2010, had been a member of the Remco since January 2012, and had chaired

the Remco since October 2012. The Remco would like to express its appreciation for her service to

the committee during this time.

REMCO focus areas during 2020

In addition to Remco’s normal responsibilities, the Board requested that it find ways of harnessing

additional employee discretionary effort to increase sales volumes, which have declined so notably

during the Covid-19 pandemic months.

In the first quarter of 2020, with the rapid spread of Covid-19 and governments around the world

introducing lockdowns, it became clear that 2020 production and sales targets would not be

achieved. Accordingly, Remco took the decision that the STI targets could not be achieved.

Business focus during the first half of the year was primarily on efforts to reduce costs and return

to profitability through increasing sales, and on protecting employee well-being during the second

and third quarters.

During the third quarter the Remco responded to the Board’s request, and proposed offering

employees a simplified, scaled-down incentive based loosely on the existing STI rules, and

applicable to the fourth quarter of 2020 only. The primary objective of this incentive was to

return the business to profitability in the fourth quarter through increased sales volumes.

PART A

The Chairperson’s

statement

82

PART B

The forward-looking

remuneration policy 84

PART C

The implementation

of the 2020

remuneration policy

90

CHARLES ALEXANDER BOLES

REMUNERATION REPORT

Composition

of the committee:

Chairman (Remuneration)

NNA Matyumza

(retired 30 July 2020)

CA Boles

(appointed from 1 August 2020)

Chairman (Nominations)

TP Leeuw

Other member

GH Watson

The performance measure used for the incentive was actual sales volume achieved versus the

agreed target, with the pay-out value limited to 10% of profit (EBIT) earned in the fourth quarter.

In this way, the incentive was self-funding and served to drive shareholder value.

The Remco has obtained the support, advice and opinions of external advisors on various

remuneration-related matters. The Remco is satisfied with the constructive, objective and

independent advice received.

Management remuneration – a dynamic context

Issues around executive remuneration, disparities in pay, and transparent disclosure remain topics

that stimulate widely diverse opinions in South Africa. Cognisant of these issues, the Remco has

continued to implement initiatives and policy changes in line with King IV™ and the JSE Listings

Requirements.

In addressing the requirements of the Employment Equity Act 55 of 1998 in relation to the

principle of equal pay for work of equal value, the Remco has developed a Fair and Ethical Pay

framework. In addition, when annual salary (inflationary) increments are applied, adjustments are

weighted in favour of employees at lower remuneration levels.

In line with best practice, King IV™ and the JSE Listings Requirements, we will continue to submit

the remuneration policy (Part B) and the implementation report (Part C) for separate, non-binding

advisory votes at AGMs.

Shareholder engagement

In line with best practice and our value of remuneration being aligned with shareholders and their

interests, we regularly engage with shareholders, as and when required.

Appreciation

The Remco is satisfied that we properly executed our duties in terms of our mandate for the

FY2020. At the AGM held on 30 July 2020, Hulamin received a 95.90% non-binding advisory vote

in favour of its remuneration policy and 96.10% in favour of its implementation report. We would

therefore like to thank our shareholders for their ongoing support as we continually seek to align

shareholder interests and remuneration. We at Hulamin and, particularly, the Remco, are steadily

continuing on the journey of implementing best practice standards in our remuneration reporting

and disclosure.

CA Boles

Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee

25 March 2021:

letter to participants.

Performance Share awards made to the participants are subject to

the following performance conditions, measured over a three-year

performance period:

Total

Shareholder

Return (TSR)

• Weighted 1/3.

• Measured against the JSE Small Cap

Index over the three-year vesting

period, including dividends declared

over the vesting period.

Return on

Capital

Employed

(ROCE)

• Weighted 2/3.

• Measured against the accumulated

ROCE, based on the prior year’s

Board-approved business plan.

• The Board has discretion to adjust the

base ROCE for major changes in capital

employed during the vesting period.:

letter, terms, audit plan and audit fees for the 2020 year as

disclosed in note 2.4.5 of the financial statements of the group.

There is a formal procedure that governs the process whereby the auditor is considered for non-audit services. The committee considers the approval of

non- audit services where the approval will add value to the external audit process or the anticipated engagement is superior to other service providers.

The committee approved all engagements for the provision of non-audit services by the external auditor, in terms of the established policy for non-audit

services. In terms of the policy, the cumulative fee for non-audit services should not exceed 25% of the annual audit fee without the specific approval of

the Audit Committee.

Internal audit

The committee is responsible for ensuring that the company’s internal audit function is independent and has the necessary resources, standing and

authority within the company to enable it to discharge its duties in terms of the established internal audit charter. Furthermore, the committee oversees

cooperation between the internal and external auditors and serves as a link between the Board of Directors and these functions.

The internal audit function reports centrally and is responsible for reviewing and providing assurance on the adequacy of the internal control

environment across the group’s operations.

An internal audit charter is in place which defines the function, responsibility and authority of the group’s internal audit activity. The internal audit

function’s 2020 annual audit plan was approved by the committee.

The Head of Internal Audit had direct access to the committee and was responsible for reporting the findings of the internal audit work against the

agreed internal audit plan to the committee.

During the year, the committee satisfied itself that the Head of Internal Audit was competent and possessed the appropriate expertise and experience

to act in this capacity, and believes that the group’s internal audit function met its objectives and that the adequate procedures were in place to ensure

that the group complies with its legal, regulatory and other responsibilities.

During the year under review, the committee met with the internal and external auditors without management being present.:

letter of credit facility and revolving working capital facilities of R1 000 million

(2019: R1 000 million).

Financial liabilities with maturity dates within the next 12 months comprise current borrowings, trade and other payables, sundry accruals

and derivative liabilities.

The table below summarises the maturity profile of the group’s financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted payments:

Less than

one year

One to

three years

Three to

four years

Greater than

four years

Total

R’000

R’000

R’000

R’000

R’000

2019

Non-current borrowings

–

–

–

–

–

Current borrowings

383 419

–

–

–

383 419

Lease liabilities

13 176

19 272

11 563

6 666

50 677

Trade and other payables (excluding employee

benefit payables)

874 015

–

–

–

874 015

Derivative financial liabilities

44 026

–

–

–

44 026

1 314 636

19 272

11 563

6 666

1 352 137

2020

Non-current borrowings

–

–

–

–

–

Current borrowings*

789 053

–

–

–

789 053

Trade and other payables (excluding employee

benefit payables)

989 171

–

–

–

989 171

Lease liabilities

20 514

28 526

4 282

54 240

107 562

Derivative financial liabilities

–

–

–

–

–

1 798 738

28 526

4 282

54 240

1 885 786

*

Borrowing facilities incur interest at variable rates. As fixed contractual terms are not known in future periods, management has estimated interest

charges using a best estimate of the forecast rate and applied this to the average balance for the year

Included in the above amounts payable within a period of less than one year, are financial liabilities in the amount of R789 million

(2019: R1 024 million) which are payable within a period of three months, including trade payables in the amount of R877 million

(2019: R770 million). Trade receivables amounting to R893 million (2019: R688 million) are recoverable within a period of three months.:

managing director of Hulamin Extrusions to 4 July 2019, when the position was made redundant

Executive Committee members’ remuneration (excluding acting executive committee members) during the 2019 financial year1

Cash

package

Bonus and

performance-

related payments2

Medical aid

contributions

Retirement

fund

contributions

Subtotal

Value of

options granted

Total

Gains on

exercise of

share options

Rand

Rand

Rand

Rand

Rand

Rand

Rand

Rand

Total

17 225 178

4 513 278

770 413

2 094 501

24 603 370

–

24 603 370

305 224

1

Excluding executive directors

2

Severance costs include notice pay, leave pay and gratuity on retirement.:

letter of representation to participate

in the Annual General Meeting, in the manner stipulated in the relevant custody agreement. The: letter of representation will need to be

submitted together with the completed Electronic Participation Application Form to the Company’s Transfer Secretaries and to Hulamin in the

manner and within the timeframe described above under the section titled “Electronic Participation Arrangements”.

If these shareholders do not wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting in person, they must provide the CSDP or broker with their voting

instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker.

Certificated shareholders and dematerialised shareholders with ‘own name’ registration

Those Certificated Shareholders and Dematerialised Shareholders with ‘own name’ registration, who wish to participate in the Annual General

Meeting (either in person or represented by proxy), must submit a completed Electronic Participation Application Form to the Company’s

Transfer Secretaries and to Hulamin in the manner and within the timeframe described above under the section titled “Electronic Participation

Arrangements”.

Questions

Shareholders are encouraged to submit via email any questions in advance of the Annual General Meeting to the Company Secretary at

secretarial@hulamin.co.za. These questions will be addressed at the Annual General Meeting and will be responded to via email thereafter.

By order of the Board

Company Secretary

Pietermaritzburg

28 April 2021

Registered office

Moses Mabhida Road, Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal

Transfer Secretaries

Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited

Rosebank Towers

15 Biermann Avenue

Rosebank, Johannesburg, 2196

(Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132)

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING CONTINUED

9. Implementation report – non-binding advisory vote

“Resolved that the Company’s implementation report, as contained in the remuneration report as set out on pages 82 to 91 of the Integrated

Annual Report, be and is hereby approved, through a non-binding advisory vote, in accordance with the JSE Listings Requirements and the

recommendations of King IV.”

10. Other matters

• Report back from the Social, Ethics and Sustainability Committee in terms of Regulation 43(5)(c) of the Companies Act on social and ethics

matters pertaining to the Company.

• To transact such other business as may be transacted at an annual general meeting.

11. Electronic participation arrangements

The Company’s Memorandum of Incorporation authorises the conduct of shareholders’ meetings entirely by electronic communication as does

section 63(2)(a) of the Companies Act. In light of the measures put in place by the South African Government in response to the COVID-19

pandemic, the Board has decided that the Annual General Meeting will only be accessible through a remote interactive electronic platform as

detailed below.

Shareholders or their duly appointed proxies who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting are required to complete the Electronic

Participation Application Form available immediately after the proxy form on page 213 and email same to the Company’s Transfer Secretaries

at proxy@computershare.co.za and to Hulamin at secretarial@hulamin.co.za as soon as possible, but in any event by no later than 15:00 on

Tuesday, 25 May 2021.

Shareholders or their duly appointed proxies are required to provide satisfactory identification before being entitled to participate in the Annual

General Meeting.

Upon receiving a completed Electronic Participation Application Form, the Company’s Transfer Secretaries will follow a verification process to

verify each applicant’s entitlement to participate in and/or vote at the Annual General Meeting. The Company’s Transfer Secretaries will provide

the Company with the nominated email address of each verified shareholder or their duly appointed proxy to enable the Company to forward

them a Microsoft Teams meeting invitation required to access the Annual General Meeting.

Fully verified shareholders or their duly appointed proxies who have applied to participate electronically in the Annual General Meeting are

requested by no later than 14:55 on Thursday, 27 May 2021 to join the meeting by clicking on the “Join Microsoft Teams Meeting” link to

be provided by Hulamin’s company secretary or by the secretarial office, whose admission to the meeting will be controlled by the company

secretary/secretarial office.

Participants will be liable for their own network charges in relation to electronic participation in and/or voting at the Annual General Meeting.

Any such charges will not be for the account of the Company’s Transfer Secretaries or Hulamin who will also not be held accountable in the

case of loss of network connectivity or other network failure due to insufficient airtime, internet connectivity, internet bandwidth and/or power

outages which prevents any such shareholder or their proxy from participating in and/or voting at the Annual General Meeting.

Voting and proxies

For an ordinary resolution to be approved by the shareholders, it must be supported by more than 50% of the voting rights exercised on the

resolution. For a special resolution to be approved by the shareholders, it must be supported by at least 75% of the voting rights exercised on the

resolution.

Voting will be via a poll; every shareholder of the Company shall have one vote for every share held in the Company by such shareholder.

A shareholder entitled to participate and vote at the Annual General Meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy or proxies to electronically participate,

speak and vote in his/her stead. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company.

The electronic platform (Microsoft Teams) to be utilised to host the Annual General Meeting does not provide for electronic voting during the

meeting.

Accordingly, shareholders are strongly encouraged to submit votes by proxy in advance of the Annual General Meeting, by completing the Form

of Proxy (found on page 213) and lodging this form with the Company’s Transfer Secretaries by no later than 15:00 on Tuesday, 25 May 2021 by:

• delivery to Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited, Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank; or

• email to proxy@computershare.co.za.

Any forms of proxy not submitted by this time can still be lodged by email to proxy@computershare.co.za prior to the commencement of the

meeting.

Shareholders are reminded that they are still able to vote normally through proxy submission, despite deciding to participate either electronically

or not at all in the Annual General Meeting.

Shareholders who indicate in the Electronic Participation Application Form that they wish to vote during the electronic meeting, will be contacted

by the Company’s Transfer Secretaries to make the necessary arrangements.

letter of representation in terms of the custody agreement entered into between themselves and the CSDP or broker.

The Board requests that completed forms of proxy are received at the office of the company’s Transfer Secretaries, Computershare Investor Services

Proprietary Limited, Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, Johannesburg, 2001 (Private Bag x9000, Saxonwold, 2132), or via email

to proxy@computershare.co.za by 15:00 on Tuesday, 25 May 2021. Any forms of proxy not lodged by this time may still be lodged by email to

proxy@ computershare.co.za prior to the commencement of the meeting.

A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the meeting mentioned below is entitled to appoint a proxy or proxies to attend, speak and, on a poll, to

vote in his stead. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the company.

I/We

(name in block letters)

Of

(address in block letters)

Contactable number

(telephone number)

Email address

being the holder/holders of

ordinary shares in Hulamin do hereby appoint

1.

of

(or failing him/her)

2.

of

(or failing him/her)

the Chairman of the annual general meeting, as my/our proxy to attend and speak and to vote for me/us at the annual general meeting of the

company to be held at 15:00 on Thursday, 27 May 2021, for the purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without modification, all

the resolutions to be proposed thereat, or at any adjournment thereof, as follows:

Resolution

For

Against

Abstain

1. Approval of the appointment of Ernst & Young as the independent auditors of the company with

Mr Sifiso Sithebe as the designated auditor

2. Re-election of retiring directors:

2.1 RG Jacob as an executive director

2.2 VN Khumalo as a non-executive director

2.3 N Maharajh as an independent non-executive director

2.4 SP Ngwenya as a non-executive director

3. Appointment of group Audit Committee members and N Maharajh as Chairman of the group Audit Committee:

3.1

N Maharajh as Chairman

3.2 CA Boles

3.3 Dr B Mehlomakulu

4. Special resolution number 1: Approval of non-executive directors’ fees

5. Special resolution number 2: Provision of financial assistance

6. Special resolution number 3: General repurchase of shares

7.1 Special resolution number 4.1: MOI Amendment: Odd-Lot Offers

7.2 Special resolution number 4.2: MOI Amendment: Schedule B

8. Non-binding advisory vote – Remuneration policy

9. Non-binding advisory vote – Implementation report

Signed at

on this

day of

2021

Signature

Name

Assisted by me (where applicable)

Capacity:

