managing director)

Key features of Omnia’s

FY2020 performance

Five-year summary of

operating statistics

Chair’s

statement

Statement of the

chief executive officer

How we

create value

Material

matters

Organisational

overview

Performance:

Letter from the remuneration and nominations committee chair

Thoko Mokgosi-Mwantembe

Chair of the RNC: Dear stakeholders

This was a year of extraordinary challenges for

the leadership and management of Omnia.

We started the year with unprecedented liquidity

and business performance issues to which

we had to respond by raising urgent bridging

finance, conducting a rights issue, implementing

a sustainable debt structure and implementing

stringent turnaround and recovery measures.

Our Sakhile 1 staff empowerment share scheme

had lost much of the value that had been building

up over previous years, with concomitant harm

to our employees’ wealth-building and ownership

in our company. In addition, the world has been

engulfed in the COVID-19 crisis.

With regard to remuneration, we sought

independent advice and embarked on a

consultation process with our largest

shareholders, to design and implement a

remuneration framework in line with best

practice and shareholder expectations. We

believe we have made good progress in this

regard, although the “business unusual”

outcomes this year mean that we have had to

apply discretion and have been unable to always

apply the formal provisions of the policy

mechanistically. We believe that the company

and the team, led by our new CEO, have

achieved commendable results during very

challenging circumstances.

Changes to the board and RNC

membership

Given the nature of its responsibilities, it is

important that RNC members have skills and

expertise specific to human resources and

remuneration governance. The composition and

independence of RNC are critical. During the

year, there were various changes to the board,

some of which impacted the membership of

RNC. From 25 June 2019 Mr Ralph Havenstein

took up the chair of the board, which required his

resignation as chair of the RNC, a post to which

I was subsequently appointed. Mr George

Cavaleros was appointed on 16 October 2019

as a member of the RNC.

Non-binding advisory votes on the

remuneration policy and

implementation report

Voting on our 2019 remuneration policy and

implementation report reflected a decline in

the number of votes cast from the 2018 AGM,

with 61.32% (2018: 74.86%) in favour of the

remuneration policy and 44.74% (2018: 75.98%)

supporting the implementation report.

As shareholders representing more than

25% of the issued shares voted against the

remuneration policy and implementation

report, we undertook to engage with these

shareholders. We published a SENS statement

on 18 October 2019, inviting shareholders to

submit their concerns, comments and

feedback on the policy and implementation

report. I, together with the chair of the board,

also met with some of the larger fund managers

to better understand their perspectives. The key

issues raised by shareholders, together with our

responses, are summarised on page 113.

Key features of Omnia’s

FY2020 performance

Five-year summary of

operating statistics

Chair’s

statement

Statement of the

chief executive officer

How we

create value

Material

matters

Organisational

overview

Performance

Dear stakeholders

Omnia’s SERC was constituted by the board in

2010 to oversee the effective management of

safety, health, environmental, risk and

sustainability matters of the Omnia Group in

accordance with section 72(4) of the Companies

Act (read together with Regulation 43 of the

Companies Regulations, 2011) on behalf of all

subsidiaries of Omnia. On an ongoing basis, the

committee pays attention to statutory duties

which encompass matters related to B-BBEE,

the principles of the UN Global Compact, the

Organisation for Economic Co-operation and

Development (OECD) anti-corruption, among

others. We aim to further develop and enhance

work previously done on the UN Global Compact

and per principle agree on further actions to be

taken in this regard. Considerable focus will

need to be placed on the integration of the

principles into the Group’s operations.

For more information on the committee’s composition,

mandate and meetings, please refer to our governance

section on page 29 to 32.

Sustainability

The SDGs are a set of 17 UN-led goals setting

the global agenda to end poverty, protect the

planet and work towards prosperity for all by

2030. The SDGs provide a common framework

for organisations across all industries and sectors

to work together for a better future. At Omnia,

we are committed to playing our role in the

attainment of these goals, supporting

government and working with other stakeholders

to build thriving communities. This work also

builds on our ongoing commitment to conform

to the UN Global Compact and its 10 principles.

With 2020 marking the start of the SDGs’

decade of action, Omnia’s sustainability strategy

process has primed our Group for

implementation and action to achieve the targets

we have set. We aim to continually review our

underlying contribution to the SGDs and, in the

year, reviewed and updated the 10-year targets

to 2030, taking into account current operating

principles as well as aspirations in the

deliberations of these targets.

For more information on our sustainability strategy and

targets, see page 23.

Health and safety

Health and safety is one of our top priorities and

the protection of our employees, contractors and

stakeholders is paramount. While protecting

Omnia’s workforce from harm is a moral

imperative, the focus on zero harm, positive

impact also constitutes a direct investment in

the productivity of the business.

The committee received comprehensive

quarterly reports on safety and occupational

health. We are pleased to report a second

consecutive fatality-free year across the Group.

Our RCR, however, increased to 0.49

(2019: 0.36), mainly due to the impacts of

changed behaviour as a result of various

restructuring activities across the Group which,

unfortunately resulted in low morale and a lack of

focus on behaviour-based safety. Workplace

injuries which occurred were thoroughly

investigated and corrective actions were

identified and implemented. Root cause analysis

was also conducted for each incident in order to

ensure that measures are put in place to prevent

similar incidents from recurring. Based on an

in-depth incident analysis, key focus areas for

targeted improvement in safety performance

have been identified and will be addressed in the

coming year. We will continue to monitor safety

initiatives across the Group.

Performance continued

Frank Butler

Chair of the SERC

Key features of Omnia’s

FY2020 performance

Five-year summary of

operating statistics

Chair’s

statement

Statement of the

chief executive officer

How we

create value

Material

matters

Organisational

overview

Performance:

Managing director

MHI

Major hazard installation

MOI

Memorandum of incorporation

MWh

A megawatt (MW) is one million watts, kilowatt-hour (kWh), a thousand watts of power produced or used for one hour, equivalent to 3 600 million joules (MJ)

NAP1 and NAP2

Nitric acid plant 1/2 at Sasolburg fertilizer factory

NASCEA

National Speciality Chemicals Employers Association

NAV

Net asset value – ordinary shareholders’ equity and minority interest divided by the number of shares in issue at year-end, excluding the shares held by the various

share incentive schemes

NBCCI

National Bargaining Council for the Chemicals Industry

NED

Non-executive director

Administration continued

Glossary of terms and acronyms

Key features of Omnia’s

FY2020 performance

Five-year summary of

operating statistics

Chair’s

statement

Statement of the

chief executive officer

How we

create value

Material

matters

Organisational

overview

Performance:

