Managing Director (“MD”), Santova Logistics (SA) Financial Director and Santova

Logistics KZN Regional Head.

FUNCTION

The Committee interacts directly with management (and where appropriate, employees of all levels) to ensure

complete implementation of the Risk Management Process.

RISK INBOX

PROCESS

PURPOSE

This process allows any employee to identify and communicate a risk to the Risk Management Committee via a

dedicated email address.

FUNCTION

Whilst this opportunity is available at all times for any employee, the secretary of the Risk Management Committee also

communicates with top, senior and certain middle management to encourage and discuss risk observations.

RISK

REGISTER

PURPOSE

This is the complete register of all identified Santova risks captured into three main components, namely:

Basic Risk Information, Risk Assessment and Risk Response Information.

FUNCTION

The register facilitates and provides the record of the complete Risk Management Process implemented by the

Risk Management Framework.

HOW WE MANAGE RISK

Disciplined and proactive risk management is an integral part of effective corporate

governance. To achieve this, a structured and continuous process of identifying and

resolving risks is used to help mitigate the effects of risks on organisations.

RISK TOOLS

The following risk tools are used in the implementation of the Risk Management Process to achieve the Risk Management Objectives:

Santova’s Risk Management Objectives guide the Group to proactively calculate uncertainties and predict their effect on business

to reduce both the possibility of a risk occurring and its impact. Santova’s Risk Management Process encompasses the identification,

analysis, and response to risk with the assistance of the Risk Management Tools.

KING IV™

The Board has assumed responsibility for risk governance

and in terms of Principle 11 read with Principles 4, 8 and 10,

the Board has:

 Set the approach and strategy to risk governance within the

Group where risk is an integral part to decision-making and

adherence to roles and duties;

 Stipulated the Group’s Risk Policy, which defines the Risk

Management Objectives, Risk Management Framework,

Risk Management Process and clarifies the concept of the

Group’s Risk Tolerance;

 Delegated the implementation and execution of effective

risk management to management through its Risk

Management Framework; and

 Overseen the management of risk within the Group and

participated in the rating and assessment of the Group’s

Key Inherent Risks, an extract of which is disclosed on

page 37 of this report.

CREATE

an awareness and understanding of risk.

a culture of risk management accountability at all

levels within the organisation.

IDENTIFY

risks completely and capture these risks in Santova’s

Risk Register.

Santova’s risk tolerance, which will allow for the

achievement of strategic and business objectives.

ENGAGE

risks and manage them effectively within the risk

tolerance parameters.

risk management as part of the normal operations,

which includes linking risks to controls.

COMPLY

with appropriate risk management practices.

with corporate governance guidelines and relevant

codes of good practice.

Within the ambit of the goals set out in King IV™, Santova has

set its Risk Management Objectives and manages its risks

using the Risk Management Process and Risk Management

Tools as explained further in this report.

GOVERNANCE

Santova Limited Annual Integrated Report 2020 | 35:

letter of representation to do

so, or should you not wish to attend the AGM in person, you must timeously provide your CSDP or broker with your voting

instructions in order for the CSDP or broker to vote in accordance with your instructions at the AGM.:

