Message from the Chairman

8

Understanding WBHO

9

Quick facts

9

Vision

9

The WBHO Way

10

Geographic presence

12

What differentiates WBHO?

13 Creating value

14

Value creating business model

18

Material issues and operating context

36

Engaging and creating value

for stakeholders

42

Strategic objectives

50

Risk management

56 Delivering value

57

Message from the

Chief Executive Officer

62

Operational reports

80

Order book and outlook

86

Message from the

Chief Financial Officer

98 Protecting value

99

Message from the

Lead independent director

100 Board of Directors

102 Governance report

105 Audit committee report

109 Message from the Remuneration

committee Chairman

110 Remuneration committee report

111 Remuneration and implementation

report

122 Reference information

122 Abbreviations and acronyms

122 Financial definitions

123 Shareholders’ diary

IBC Statutory information

CONTENTS

NAVIGATION

Indicates a reference

for information available

online at www.wbho.co.za

Indicates a page or note reference

of information which can be found

elsewhere in the report

PERFORMANCE

HIGHLIGHTS

LOSS PER SHARE

ORDER BOOK

OPERATING

MARGIN

REVENUE

2019: 939 cents

(earnings per share)

2019: R47 billion

2019: 1,4%

2019: R41 billion

937 cents

CASH

2019: R6,0 billion

R7,6 billion

R35 billion

-1,2%

CASH GENERATED

FROM OPERATIONS

2019: R1,5 billion

R790 million

R43 billion

2020

WBHO Integrated Report 2020

1:

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN

CONTINUED

TRANSFORMATION

At WBHO we are fully supportive of transformation,

empowerment and upliftment that benefits people who have

been historically deprived of opportunity as well as the many

hard-working South Africans seeking work and the ability to

support their families. Through its labour-intensive workforce and

the depth of its supply chain, the construction industry has the

ability to create immediate stimulus into the economy as well as

providing transferable skills. Through our representation at the

South African forum of Civil Engineering Contractors (SAFCEC)

and the Construction Charter Council, we continue to engage

with government for support of the wider industry and the

pragmatic implementation of transformation policies that will have

the desired effect. Most recently we have, in conjunction with

other industry participants (both large and small), offered our

views on the latest draft legislation, pointing out potential pitfalls

and unintended consequences that may affect not only our

industry, but business at large. As a Level 1 contributor since

2018, we are also proud to offer our clients enhanced scoring

when they invest in our services.

GOVERNANCE

It is no secret that South Africa has been plagued by corruption

over the last decade. Sadly, it is the poorest and most vulnerable

of our society that suffer most. Sound governance is critical

for an organisation to ensure that it creates value for all its

stakeholders. At WBHO, the Board and management hold

themselves to the highest ethical standards in the way they

conduct our business, and we have the appropriate policies and

processes not only to educate our staff, but also to detect and

report upon any undesirable activities. The regular use of our

anonymous tip-off line by our employees gives me confidence

that the ethical culture we promote at a senior level is

well-embedded throughout WBHO.

As a Board, we had difficult themes to address this year, and as

Chairman I was reassured by the cohesive and collaborative

manner in which we confronted these issues.

LOOKING AHEAD

For the first time in my career, the future has never seemed quite

so uncertain. It is impossible to accurately predict what the

ultimate impact of COVID-19 will be, but I have no doubt it will

take some years for economies around the world to meaningfully

recover. Unfortunately, the inability of the United States of

America to get the virus under control and its resurgence across

Europe as well as South Africa also means it is not yet behind us.

Nonetheless, we must remain positive and manage what is in

front of us as best we can. The Group has secured a substantial

amount of work since activity picked up after the end of the

reporting period and order books are beginning to recover.

As such, we are fortunate to have reasonable visibility of our

activity levels for the next 12 months. Public infrastructure

spending has been planned to support economic revival and

while construction activity in general should benefit from it,

we are also glad to have the opportunity to play our part in the

restoration process.

In the event that the sale of Probuild is successful, although

WBHO will be a smaller business moving forward, it will allow

us to apply the lessons learned in Australia as we grow our

two UK businesses.

APPRECIATION

On behalf of the Board and management, I would like to express

our sincere appreciation to all our employees for their

perseverance and dedication in weathering these abnormal times

in support of the Group. Regrettably, current circumstances

forced us to say goodbye to many of our staff and we offer our

best wishes for their future success. I would also

like to personally thank the Board members for their consistent

support of the executive and management teams as well as the

valuable insights and experience shared with us.

Sincere thanks to our shareholders, clients, suppliers and other

stakeholders for your continued support, trust and loyalty, it is

highly appreciated. We hope to soon put these difficult times

behind us and look forward to working with you again in the

year ahead.

Louwtjie Nel

Chairman

WBHO Integrated Report 2020

7

PROJECT VALUE

PROJECT DURATION

R129 million

14 months

SABLE

CORNER

New office block consisting of

a basement and four levels

of office space:

Dear shareholders,

I am pleased to present the Audit committee report for the 2020

financial year. The year presented the committee with a number of

difficult and complex issues to oversee. At the forefront of these

was the impact of COVID-19 and the material losses incurred in

Australia on the financial position and liquidity of the Group. We

also gave in-depth consideration as to whether these resulted in

any significant going concern implications.

In these uncertain times, prudent financial management alongside

transparent communication with stakeholders is more imperative

than ever. As a committee we endeavour to ensure that the

financial processes and controls of the Group are sufficiently

robust to ensure the integrity of WBHO’s financial reporting.

The report aims to provide details on how the committee satisfied

its various statutory obligations during the year, how it assessed

the effectiveness of the internal auditors and the appointment,

independence and effectiveness of the external auditors. The

report also reflects on significant matters that arose in the year

and how the committee addressed those.

We also gave attention to various accounting and IFRS technical

matters that arose during the year, followed the progress of the

information technology (IT) governance initiatives undertaken and

obtained confirmation from the internal auditors on the resolution of

all medium- and high-risk findings within their reports. I was

particularly pleased to note an increase in the number of projects

achieving satisfactory or better internal audit reports to 81% and

that no projects were reported to have a weak control environment.

While the committee will continue to operate within its mandate and

ensure that meetings address all regular matters reserved for its

consideration, we will also focus on the following areas in FY2021:

• Financial performance and cash and working capital

management in the context of COVID-19 and a turbulent

economic environment

• Monitor the remaining costs to be incurred in completing the

WRU project

• Oversee the finalisation of the enhanced IT governance

policies and procedures implemented

In closing, I would like to thank my fellow committee members for

their contribution and support at committee meetings as well as to

commend Charles Henwood, the Chief Financial Officer, and the

entire finance team for their role in navigating this exceptionally

challenging year and for their commitment to ensuring robust

financial management and transparent reporting on the difficult

issues confronted.

Cobus Bester

Audit committee Chairman

UNDERSTANDING WBHO I CREATING VALUE I DELIVERING VALUE I PROTECTING VALUE:

Dear shareholders,

WBHO had a difficult year in FY2020 which was further

exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic. Pleasingly, despite the

loss of revenue and additional costs incurred over the final

quarter of the reporting period, WBHO was able to continue

paying their staff during the lockdown period. Regrettably

though, it was also necessary for the business to undertake a

process of right-sizing in response to the contracting economy.

In spite of the losses incurred due to problematic projects in

Australia and the impact of COVID-19, short-term incentives for

executives remained payable in accordance with the

remuneration policy. A key consideration was assessing the

appropriateness of awarding short-term incentives in light of the

overall financial underperformance of the Group. When viewed

holistically, the losses on two projects in Australia form part of a

wider performance of the executive team which included

proactive management to limit the effects of COVID-19 on the

Group, a profitable performance in Africa and solid results from

the UK. In recognition of this, the committee elected to award the

incentives per the policy. However, a portion of the incentives for

the executives responsible for the Australian performance was

suspended pending finalisation of the WRU project. This decision

was not applied to the CEO due to his having only assumed the

role at the midpoint of the reporting period. The committee also

approved the award of short-term incentives to employees within

the African operations in acknowledgement of their efforts in

successfully navigating the COVID-19 pandemic and sustaining a

profitable performance amidst the turbulent environment

experienced throughout the year.

The overarching responsibility of the Remuneration committee is

to ensure that the principles of accountability, transparency and

good governance are followed for all remuneration-related

matters across WBHO. The committee ensures that WBHO has

the appropriate remuneration policies and practices in place to

attract, motivate and retain the right talent, especially at executive

and operational level, and to ensure that there is an appropriate

link between executive remuneration and the Group’s

performance against its strategic objectives. The committee

must also annually review the skills profile of the Group and its

leadership team as well as undertake annual evaluations of the

performance of WBHO’s executive directors and management.

In FY2020, the Remuneration committee specifically focused on:

• Bedding down the executive succession plan implemented in

the year

• Implementation of the succession plan for the Australian

operations

• The effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on all employees in the

context of the Group’s decision to continue remunerating

employees in full

• Monitoring remuneration practices and reports ensuring

alignment with the requirements of the remuneration policy

• Reviewing the annual remuneration report to be disclosed in

this Integrated Report

• Remuneration packages and benefits for executive directors

including any termination benefits payable

• Ensuring that executive remuneration packages are effective

in delivering WBHO’s strategy and the right behaviour

• Drafting and approving a Malus and Clawback Policy which

addresses the recoupment of incentives paid to participants

as a result of material misstatement in the audited accounts of

the Group or the Company or in the event of an error,

inaccurate or fraudulent information which had an impact on

the value calculated for the incentive

The committee considered management’s representation of

current and potential claims related to construction activities.

The committee also considered the representation made by

the Group legal function of known and potential claims against

the Group. The committee is satisfied that the provisions

recognised are adequate to meet any significant claims instituted

against the Group.

ONEROUS CONTRACTS

The financial performance of the Group was significantly

impacted by the recognition of a material provision in respect of

the remaining anticipated future costs to complete the Western

Roads Upgrade (WRU) project. These costs escalated during the

reporting period due to ongoing delays and unforeseen costs

associated with government-stipulated utility providers.

The committee considered the appropriateness of

management’s position paper, models and the assumptions

applied in the determination of the anticipated future costs.

The committee is satisfied that the methodology and judgements

applied by management are adequate.

ANNUAL CONFIRMATIONS

The principal matters attended to by the committee during the

year included:

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND

INTEGRATED REPORT

The committee is satisfied that WBHO’s financial reporting

procedures are operating appropriately. The committee reviewed

and considered the annual financial statements as well as the 2020

Integrated Report and recommended it for approval by the Board.

The committee, in the finalisation of the annual financial

statements, also considered matters, including those emanating

from the JSE’s proactive monitoring process in respect of

accounting policies and financial reporting.

SOLVENCY AND LIQUIDITY

The committee reviewed quarterly assessments by

management of the going concern premise of the Company

before recommending to the Board that the Company and the

Group will be a going concern in the foreseeable future.

AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

CONTINUED

EVALUATION OF THE EXPERTISE AND ADEQUACY

OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER (CFO) AND THE

FINANCE FUNCTION

Considered and satisfied itself of the appropriateness of the

expertise and adequacy of resources within the finance function

of the Group and specifically of the CFO.

EFFECTIVENESS OF INTERNAL CONTROLS

Using WBHO’s combined assurance model and the related

assurance obtained from the various assurance providers in the

three lines of defence as a basis, the committee recommended

to the Board that it issues a statement as to the adequacy of the

Group’s internal control environment.

The committee also considered the effectiveness of the Chief

Audit Executive and internal audit function and monitored

adherence to the annual internal audit plan. The committee

satisfied itself that the internal audit function is independent

and had the necessary resources, standing and authority to

discharge its duties.

UNDERSTANDING WBHO I CREATING VALUE I DELIVERING VALUE I PROTECTING VALUE:

